Guardian of Life and Death
Book Three: Denial and Acceptance
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Part One: Judged

Guardian eyed the mental gated arch to see if flash an image of a male wearing gonoid skin clothing from head to foot. 
He heard "You had to show Eric didn't you?"
Guardian heard nothing in response to Egypt's question instead kept on watching Eric as the male walked on the desert sands his feet wearing gonoid skin boots with robes covering him from head to foot. He paused from his walk to exhale a breath staring at the desert sands while feeling the wind blowing softly. He saw a rocky wall ahead of him which he continued walking towards it. He frowned as he felt a burning sensation on the bottoms of his feet looked down to stare at the ground. He felt a hotness feeling which made him yank off his robes baring his form showing him wearing pants with no top revealing his muscular physique. Groaning he tossed aside the robes as the feeling began to dominate him as he walked. He felt his feet burning and looked down with dizzy eyes to see smoke of fire on the ground where his feet were which he followed with his eyes. He stiffened as he saw the fire surrounded him and screamed out a nonsense sound which he ran towards the rocky wall running while feeling the burning going to his legs. He forced himself to keep running till he reached the rocky wall and paused when he spotted a doorway opening in it. He ran in the doorway opening running into a corridor with stone walls which he ran not caring where he went till his lungs started bursting and he collapsed onto his knees on the dirt floor. He shut his eyes panting for breath and discovered the burning and hotness sensations gone from him which he opened his eyes as he continued to pant. He looked up with night vision to see a large sarcophagus coffin in front of him next to the wall of a large room that was high overhead. He exhaled a breath getting up from the dirt floor to stare at the sarcophagus which he saw had a sword spear on top of it, he recognized as a weapon called Mikan. He sighed and walked towards the sarcophagus leaning over with clawed hands on the Mikan which he with great strength yanked off. 
He stood holding the Mikan in his hands as he spoke out loud “This place is my home. I won’t leave it and suffer your fate, Father. I refused to let what happened to you happen to me.”
He exhaled a breath then felt tiredness arriving went to a wall and sat in a leaning position closing his eyes. He felt himself sliding into a lying position laid onto the ground falling asleep. 

Eric woke up with a gasp. He got up and looked around the room which he saw a doorway opposite from the sarcophagus which he entered to see a corridor with open doorways on both sides which he counted each having five of them. He went into doorways to discover that that they were empty small rooms. He found rats scattering in all directions in one room which he feeling hungry captured a rat gagging it to death. He brought the rat to his mouth biting into it eating as he entered another room which he saw had water dripping from the ceiling landing into a small stone pool of water on the floor. He finished with the rat threw the carcass away and went to the pool kneeling. Eric brought his hand into the pool scooping up water bringing it to his lips repeatedly. 
He felt himself better spoke out loud “I’ll stay here with the rats as my food and this water pool as my drink.”
He got up and walked back to the sarcophagus room where he went to the corner of the room and laid his form on the dirt ground falling asleep. 

Eric jerked himself awake when he heard a sound. He opened his eyes as his eyes sight blinked from night vision to day vision while hearing the sound become louder. He sat up to stare at the doorway was a flickering light that was coming nearer and nearer while hearing sounds he recognized as people jabbering. He got up holding the Mikan in front of him to stare at the open doorway which revealed a flaming torch light held in a figure wearing raggedy robes in hand followed by four other figures wearing identical clothing all with turban like headdresses on their heads. He stood watching as the figures spoke words he understood overlapping jabbering all at once. He edged himself closer towards the figures that darted towards the sarcophagus one leaving the torch lying on the floor as they picked at the coffin with knives in their hands. Eric roared some loud nonsense sound which got the figures to stop their picking as he charged at them swinging his Mikan. He heard exclamations of shock from the figures as he used the flat end of the Mikan’s sword part hitting each of them on their heads knocking them out. He stood staring at the figures that lay on the floor unconscious with the torch’s light flickering. Exhaling a breath he picked up a figure by the neck dragging the person out of the room into the corridor passing by doorways towards the entrance where he could see was night time. He with great strength tossed the figure into the air that landed away from him onto the sand. He went inside and repeated the process with the other figures including tossing out the torch light then went to the rats’ room where he could see rats running around in all directions. With quick hand movements he grabbed a rat by the tail and tossed it in the air catching it with his hand around its neck which he squeezed choking it. He smiled a smile of satisfaction as the rat died giving up to death going limp in his hand. He walked out of the room biting into the rat’s body going out the corridor towards the entrance to outside and stood chewing as he listened. Eric heard voices yelling exclamations words understood with overlapping as he listened. He heard horses whinnying sounds as he stood which became fainter and fainter. He once finished with the rat tossed the carcass away went to the pool room going inside to kneel at the pool bringing his hand in it scooping up water which he drank repeatedly. 
He spoke once he finished drinking “I’ll stay here and keep people out for it’s my home my place and my sanctuary. No one will enter this place not if I have to kill them just to get rid of the people entering here.” 
He sighed and got up leaving the room to the corridor which he walked entering the large room to stand staring at the sarcophagus which he walked to putting a hand on top of it. 
He spoke again “I’ll guard you to keep others from interfering with your rest. You have my word on this, for I’m not leaving ever. Nothing will bring me out of this sanctuary except death.”
He gave the sarcophagus a rub and removed his hand to go to a corner lying on the ground closing his eyes as he let sleep over come him. Eric dreamed of walking in the desert wearing robes that covered his head showing his eyes peering out. He was following a figure wearing identical robes covering the head which he automatically knew was his Father. His Father stopped and removed the robe from his head showing black hair which he stood next to him removing his robe from his head to stare at him. His Father looked at him before a look of terror arrived on his face which he screamed before looking down. Eric looked down to see fire licking at his Father’s robes surrounding him. He darted towards his Father who hit him with a fist in the face throwing him backwards hitting the ground. He lay on the ground staring at his Father with horror on his face as the fire abruptly rose surrounding the male. 
He screamed out “Father!”
The fire he saw engulfed his father who gave out a crying wail and then the flames went shooting into the sky leaving a black round soot mark on the ground in place of the male. 

Eric woke up screaming of terror shaking his form which took him moments to understand where he was. Groaning he rubbed a hand on his head and stood up as his eyes sight flashed from night vision to day vision. He looked at the corridor doorway to see fire light becoming brighter and brighter which he gripped the Mikan in his hands while softly growling. He stared at the light source revealing a figure with a male form holding a torch which he saw had shoulder length sun colored hair while wearing robes that looked neat who came into the room. 
He snarled softly as the figure turned to his direction speaking words he understood “Who is there? Show yourself now.” 
Eric slowly walked forward his eyes on the male’s eyes that widened seeing him. 
He stared at the stranger who spoke again “Why are you living here surrounded by darkness instead of being in the light?”
Eric in response swung the wide end of the Mikan at the stranger hitting him on the knees knocking him to kneel. He angrily grabbed the stranger’s long hair yanking him in a standing position thrusting the sword part of the Mikan at the stranger’s neck. 
He spoke “I won’t tolerate visitors here who will be removed by my force even killed if they resist.”
He yanked the stranger into the hallway towards the entrance where he could see sun light shining outside. He brought the stranger to the entrance and thrust his back to the wall. 
Eric spoke “Tell the others to stay out. This is my sanctuary, no one enters.” 
He turned his back and sensed the torch light behind him shining which he continued walking through the corridor entering the sarcophagus room which he kneeled as his dream of his father burned flashed in his mind’s eye. Groaning he rubbed a hand on his forehead and once again his eyes sight flickered. Growling he got up and turned towards the room’s entrance to see a male with short dark colored hair wearing identical robes as the stranger enter the room with a torch in hand. 
He charged at the stranger who spoke “Eric, I’m called Trevor.”
Eric paused mid charge hearing his name spoken by the stranger Trevor. The image of his father catching on fire came to his mind and he continued his charge swinging the Mikan at Trevor who put the torch in front of his face and as he swung, fire from the torch came blowing at him towards his eyes. Eric dropped the Mikan bending down placing hands over his eyes while hearing running footsteps getting fainter and fainter. He removed his hands to blink his eyes which he felt were fine and straightened up his form. He exhaled a breath and looked down on the ground for his Mikan he saw wasn’t there. 
Frowning he looked around eyes staring at the ground then he growled out loud “That stranger, Trevor, stole my weapon.”
He roared an angry sound then jogged out of the room to the corridor to the entrance which he walked out into the sun light to see Trevor holding his Mikan in his hands standing next to the stranger he kicked out holding a torch and behind them were a crowd of people who abruptly went silent seeing him. He darted up to Trevor and yanked the Mikan out of his grip then turned his back to the crowd pausing when he heard gasping sounds from behind him. Shaking his head he walked back into the tomb entering the hallway again which he again reached the sarcophagus room. His eyes sight blinked again which he spun around to see Trevor walking speedily into the room which he edged himself towards the wall eyes on him. He saw Trevor go up to the coffin and kneel form becoming still. 
Shaking his head of disgust he turned away towards the doorway when he heard his father’s voice speaking “Eric.”
He turned around to stare at Trevor and widen his eyes when he saw his father standing at Trevor’s side wearing a skirt with chest bare of clothing with shiny jewelry on it and a crown on his head staring at him with all dark colored eyes. Eric shook his head closing his eyes. He opened them to find his father gone from standing besides Trevor. 
He thought to himself “It was just part of my imagination.”
He turned and froze for inches away staring at him was his father who spoke “You my son are Pharaoh, leader of the people who are counting on you to lead which is what you should be doing. I did not raise you to have yourself isolated surrounded in the darkness living alone.” 
Eric gaped at his father with shock on his face as his father continued speaking “You should face your fear the real reason why your isolated yourself in this place.”
He closed his mouth as his father paused then continued speaking “Why did you go out in the sun to get your weapon if you are afraid of the light? Speak your fears don’t keep them to yourself my son.”
He stared at his father who faded from his eyes sight as he turned to face Trevor who he heard was chanting words he heard repeatedly said “Go into the light, don’t be afraid.” 
He went to Trevor kneeling in front of the man who stopped chanting to stare at him. 
Eric spoke “I have a either a memory or a dream in my mind. I see my father wearing robes covered up walking in the desert with me besides him wearing robes. I was following him who stopped from walking to remove the hood from his head as I did the same with both of us looking at each other. My father looked at me with a look of fear on his face which he screamed of terror and looked down. I looked to see eater licking at his robes surrounding him. I darted towards him to help which he punched me hard throwing me backwards hitting the ground. I could only lie on the ground staring with terror as the eater engulfed my father. I screamed out ‘father!’ as the eater covered him. I heard him give out a crying wail sound then the eater shot up towards the sky leaving a black round soot mark on the ground in his place. I kept walking in the desert till I got a burning sensation on the bottoms of my feet that I felt a hotness feeling that made me yank off my robes. The feeling took over as my feet continued to feel like burning and looked down with bad eyesight to see eater surrounding me which I screamed and ran to here. The burning came up to my legs as I entered this place entering this room falling to a kneeling position and felt the eater had left me.”
He paused as Trevor nodded his head and he continued “I became afraid that the eater would consume me like it did with my father if I was out there so I stayed living here as my sanctuary from it.” 
He stared at Trevor who wordlessly handed him a large cloth canteen while speaking “Here, Eric drink.” 
Eric took the canteen and brought the open cap part to his lips which he drank recognizing it as milk and he greedily drank till there wasn’t a drop left for him. He handed Trevor the canteen who slung it over his arm as he grimaced as a headache arrived to his head.

Guardian saw the scene on the arch changed to show Eric himself younger sitting next to an eater with gonoid skins feet aimed at it while staring at a man who had robes covering him across from it. The man pulled off his robes off his head showing a male’s face with a headband of metal on his head his mind told him was his father’s second in command guard named Amony who stared at him with a frown. Eric laid down staring at the sky while feeling his feet warm. He felt a burning sensation in his feet and looked up as Amony darted around the eater with panic in his eyes. He felt the burning sensation reach his legs as Amony grabbed him pulling him away from the eater before tossing a bolt of cloth covering his legs and feet swatting it at him. He felt the burning sensation leave him followed by hotness feeling which he groaned loudly pulling at his long sleeve shirt yanking it off his form. 
He felt Amony’s hand on his forehead and heard him speak “By the Gods, burning up.” 
Eric laid on the ground feeling himself really hot groaning loudly as he felt a cool cloth cover his forehead which he shut his eyes as he was forced into a sitting position and felt something brought to his lips which he drank recognizing it as milk. He felt the coolness of milk and greedily drank as sleepiness arrived which he stopped drinking becoming still. He felt an arm around his form and felt his head lay on a lap with a cloth still on his forehead as he slept. 

Guardian continued to watch as the scene changed to an adult Eric kneeling who he saw jerked his eyes to stare at Trevor who spoke “You as younger were burned on the feet and legs from an eater catching on your clothes which gave you the heat sickness. You suffered said to see an image of your father being burned by the eater repeatedly over and over during your sicknesses.”
He saw Eric stiffened at the words as Trevor paused then continued speaking “After your father’s death you were seen going into the desert unstopped wearing what you described walking the perimeter of the city walls outside while crying out ‘Father’ repeatedly.” 
He frowned at Trevor’s words who kept speaking “The hotness feeling you had that led you to here was the heat of the desert and the coolness of the tomb helped you feel better.” 
He felt better along with hearing his father’s voice "Go with Trevor leaving the place my son." 
He got up as Trevor got up and he ran to a corner of the room with hand over his mouth while hearing Trevor gasp loudly. Eric threw up the contents of his stomach several times along with choking like feeling which he felt something in his mouth. He coughed out to see is a small crystal jewel with a cloth necklace which he recognized as his father’s. 
Eric put on necklace and went back to Trevor who spoke “Moves like a God for only a God can lead us.” 
Guardian frowned finding Eric not acknowledging the words as Trevor handed him the Mikan. He followed Trevor out of the tomb to outside facing the crowd of people who get on their knees as if worshipping him as their God and leader. 

Guardian found the scene changed to show Eric became Pharaoh as the leader's title and given clothes and is paraded through the city in a chair held by male slaves with his guards flanking him. The procession stopped at a triangle like stone building Guardian figured is a temple where there are others assumed to be priests there along with a chair in front of the doors. He got off chair by slaves lowering it to the ground and walked up the steps to the chair where he is told by high priest wearing mask of a gonoid God Anubis.
"Kneel." 
Anubis waved hands over him while chanting in foreign language words not understood. He saw Eric appeared to be staring onto the floor as Anubis is handed hanging a hanging lantern which he waved over him still chanting away. He watched as Anubis hands off lantern then placed hands on Eric's head closing his eyes with his hands.
Anubis spoke "You shall be known as your name, Eric ruler of the kingdom Egyptia." 
Anubis’ hands picked at Eric's eyes which he opened and sees the priest take a crown off the masked head and place it on his head which he rolled his eyes while making out a small gasp as he felt a tiny jolt of pleasure. Then he stood up and went to the chair to sit which crowd got onto their knees foreheads to the ground with arms in front of them. 
He spoke loudly "I am Pharaoh Eric ruler of Kingdom Egyptia. I will rule the people well."

Guardian watched as Eric appeared to be assisted by a priest called Omar who gave him advice on ruling. He found some of the advice is demanding insisting he do this and that while ruling as Pharaoh. He saw Eric appeared to be in love with a female slave with long sun colored hair named Sabba. Eric declared Sabba as his queen despite his priest’s objections. He and Sabba eat food before they went to bed asleep after that with her next to him. 

Guardian frowned finding Eric appear to passed out and he waked up in the morning to discover Sabba dead with claw marks on her and her neck is broken. He saw Eric act like he killed her got upset.
The priest Omar arriving into the room appearing to be aware of Sabba's death spoke "It’s a bad omen to mate with slaves for your gonoid side came out and said no to slaves hence the killing." 
Eric appeared to mourn Sabba's death wound up sitting on his bed staring at the ceiling lengthy as night and day go by. He appeared to not acknowledge anything all around him or the food brought to his lips. He kept on lying there till a female slave arrived into the room carrying a tray of food. He watched as Eric saw the female a slave and shakes his staring at the ceiling mood. He found Eric appeared to be in love with her and wanted to mate with her. 
Guardian grimaced as the female acted rude to Eric speak "I don’t want anything to do with you!"
Eric he saw didn't back down instead cornered the female in the room after getting up from the bed. He found her thrusting a knife at his neck when he cornered her to kiss her. Omar arrived into the room to get the female slave away from him to his annoyance. 
Omar wound up speaking "You're not to mate with Niya the slave for it’s not what the Pharaoh is supposed to be doing." 
Eric responded by going to Omar and thrusting a clawed hand onto the male's face to snarl "You will allow me to mate with Niya I want brought to my bedroom now! I as your Pharaoh orders it!"

Guardian found Omar darting away in sight followed by Niya entering the room with her arms folded. 
Eric spoke "Get in bed now, Niya." 
He found his order obeyed but she thrust a knife at his neck when he attempted to lay on top of her.
He spoke "I was wanting you as mine when I first saw you-"
Niya interrupted speaking "You killed a slave female and I refused to suffer her fate." 
Eric spoke "Niya, just kill me for I still want to mate with you if you're afraid of me." 
He closed his eyes and waited as the knife presses harder into the side of his neck. He kept his face blank as he sensed the knife off his throat and Niya kissing him on the lips hands on his cheeks. 
Guardian saw them mate which Eric appeared to be is her first. 
Then after the mating is done he heard Eric speak to her in whispered tones "I have a gonoid side which is poisonous lips, clawed hands giving up poison and great strength." 
She responded "I'm being fine with this." 
Guardian saw Eric fell asleep and waked up sensing Niya in trouble to see Omar with guards in the room holding her with priest having a knife at her throat. 
Omar is heard while Eric is quietly getting up behind priest’s back with guards not giving him away "Eric mating with a slave girl will ruin my plans to control him in his rule over the kingdom. I will have to kill Niya like I killed this slave girl dubbed Sabba by snapping her neck and getting Eric’s venomous claws on her body while he was passed out by a sleep drug in his food and drink." 
Eric he saw appeared to get mad roared loudly surprising Omar who turned around dropping Niya from his knife hold. He grimaced as Omar is attacked by Eric who used his claws on the priest's face who appeared to die from the venom in the scratches. Guards take priest’s body away as Eric calmed down and allow Niya to hold him which he leaned his face on her head relaxing some more from her arms on him. He let Niya bring him to the bed and then they mate again.
Eric is heard speaking "I'm declaring my love to you along with hoping to have you as my equal my queen." 

Guardian watched as the scene shifted to show Eric get new priests who are brothers Kurpanov and Trevor who he recognized as the ones who helped the male from the tomb. 
He watched as a visitor a low ranking official speaking "I am asking you about having a Queen and choosing her among the population." 
Eric saw Niya put tray with drinks on ottoman next to his throne chair which he got up as she knelt with head down. 
He spoke "I have already chosen a female as my queen."
Eric went to Niya pulling her up who won’t look at him. 
He kissed her on the lips and speaks "I have chosen Niya as my queen." 
Eric spoke his words while hearing the low ranking official sputter protests. 
Niya he saw was stiff to the touch which he heard Eric whispered in her ear "I'm begging you to be my queen and my equal." 
He ignored low ranking official took her to his bedroom to resume kissing her on the lips while feeling her really stiff. 
He pleaded with a begging tone "I want you as my queen to accept as mine." 
Niya he heard haltingly agreed in a broken voice eyes still not looking at him. He held her and brought her to the bed and mated with her. Once done night arrived fell asleep. He waked up in the sun light to discover her gone and goes out of bedroom in the buff roaring for her while feeling angry. 
Kurpanov his priest is there with his guards as he roars "I want Niya now! You'll have to go out searching for her!"
His guards point out his nudity with their eyes and heads staring at him which he saw and realized that he’s not wearing clothes. He went back into bedroom put on clothes as Kurpanov followed him. He was forced by Kurpanov to eat and drink food set at a table in the room which he takes and then once getting up fell to the floor unconscious. He waked up to discover it’s night time and he was in his bed while hearing crying sounds. He saw Niya standing in front of his window crying.
Eric went to Niya rubbing her back speaking "You're not leaving me again for you're as mine as my queen." 
He heard Niya speak "My father abused my mother after speaking twin words you spoke to her using the word Priestess instead of queen. My father in one of his angry rages killed my mother in front of me who I as a child ran away. I was found by the Pharaoh who had two slaves raise me and had me become a slave once I was old enough." 
He stiffened hearing the words as Niya adds "My father was Omar the priest who didn’t recognize me when he tried to have me killed. I'm afraid of suffering my mother’s fate hence myself trying to run away. A Priest named Trevor caught me and talked sense to me into revealing the truth to you." 
Eric lowered his hands went to chair and sat staring at her as she resumed crying while continuing to stand in front of his window. He continued to stare at Niya who kneel curling into a ball while still crying away. He got up walking towards Niya to pick her up carrying her to the bed which he placed her on and pulled the blanket on her form. He got into bed wrapping his arms around her as she fell asleep which he lied awake for a bit.
Eric wound up hearing his father’s voice "Eric get some sleep for you’ll need it."
He closed his eyes and fell asleep as if obeying the order.

Guardian frowned finding the scene changed to show Eric is in throne room sparring with a guard using Mikans. 
His guard gets his Mikan out of his hands then halts to speak "Pharaoh see about picking up your weapon to resume the fight." 
Eric he saw appearing to not realizing it uses blurry speed to go to the Mikan picking it up. 
He heard guards around him gasp out “God.” 
The word didn’t register to Eric from the behavior which he saw the male easily dismissed but sensed him confused. 
Messenger boy arrives in room speaking "Guards have requested Pharaoh Eric to the fighting room." 
Eric agreed to go walks with guards escorting him to the room a large outdoor courtyard. He was surrounded by guards in a circle which one challenged him to a fight by Mikan which he accepted. He fights with the guard who got the Mikan out of his hands as he sensed from behind him an arrow flying towards him. He twisted to his right grabbing arrow with his right hand and with left arm blocks the wide end of the guard’s Mikan. He heard a voice speak loudly halting the spar which he recognizes as the official who visited him before which he sees standing with the guards. He saw another guard who have Niya with him knife at her throat and her hands are tied in front of her with ropes. Eric stared at Niya as guard with Mikan knocked him to a kneeling position then has blade part of Mikan at his throat. 
He heard official speak "Eric killed a slave girl when she displeased him and is pleasuring himself on another slave girl." 
Official paused as guards around Eric become silent which the official continued again "Eric was raised to be spoiled doing things his way without caring about others even hurting them if he is not happy with them." 
Guardian remembered Trevor’s mysterious God line spoken when Eric was in the sarcophagus room and guards in throne room speaking the word “God” while gasping which it dawns on him the male have a fast speed ability to move. Guardian found Eric looking away with a look in his eyes as the official continued to rant bad things about him. He found Eric heard guards grumble loudly as guard with Mikan swings weapon aiming at his throat which he used blurry fast speed to get up on his feet and move till he is behind the guard. Guard turned around looking for him seeing he charged with Mikan again swinging which Eric used his ability to move behind guard who’s Mikan meets air every time it swings at him. He sensed the guards surrounding him are silent as the officials are gasping loudly. This process lasts repeatedly several times till the guard with Mikan tossed it onto the ground then knelt with head bowed. Eric eyed Niya which he saw guard besides her cut ropes binding her with knife freeing her and then gently pushes her forward then knelt as the official and guards kneel. He kept his eyes on Niya whose eyes are staring at the ground as she hesitantly walked with halting steps towards him. He placed hands on her cheeks kissing her on the lips while feeling Niya kiss him back. He placed his arms around her in a hug then looked around at the kneeling people.
Eric spoke "I have chosen Niya as my Queen. I expects my people to accept this." 
He heard "We accept."
It's spoken in unison from the guards and official who are kneeling on the floor.

Guardian kept on watching as Niya admitted to Eric in private of their bedroom "I'm pregnant." 
He saw Eric appeared to have accepted this news. Eric, he watched during Niya’s pregnancy acted fascinated with the baby moving from inside her from having hands on her abdomen while feeling the movements. Niya once her abdomen is so swollen went into labor has a baby which is a boy with all white eyes and Human like hands and appearing to have inherited Eric's hair. Guardian frowned finding the boy child reminded himself of him. He kept on watching to see the scene shift into himself fully grown with all white eyes and having long hair and a muscular physique being whipped on the back to his confusion. He frowned feeling confused to see the male get whipped repeatedly over and over while roaring out nonsense sounds of anger to him. He continued to watch the scene shifted to a male Egyptian wearing gonoid skin clothes on his form sitting in front of an eater fire with a hut behind him and having brown eyes of an Egyptian than of one of all white eyes. The Egyptian male sat staring with his brown eyes at a younger male he saw had all white eyes, with a frown on his face. The male with a bit of tan skin with all white eyes looked at him with his all white eyes that narrowed as if he was glaring. The male's lips were into a frown on his face as he stared at the white eyed male who got up from the campfire in front of him and went into a large hut shutting up the opening closed behind him. The male sigh some sound as he felt a reptile like hand touch his arm followed by fingers tapping in code. He looked at the reptile, Guardian recalled was dubbed Tapper standing at the edge of the clearing with a long stretchable arm stretched in front, hand tapping his arm. 
Guardian translated the tapping in code to himself “Greetings, Ted, why must White Eyes be rude to everyone?”
Ted spoke a language Guardian recognized as Meg “I don’t know why. Irina told me she mentioned the subject of mothers to him. 
He blurted out the words ‘I hate my mother.’ 
He wouldn’t say why when she pressed him for an explanation.” 
The Tapper tapped words Ted translated “White Eyes was seen by others hanging around the Tappers’ sacred tree and touching it with his hands. He was violent towards us when we tried to shoo him away.”
Ted rubbed a hand in his long black hair that had streaks of grey in it. He pulled the collar of his gonoid skin shirt stood up stretching from sitting in front of his hut. He sensed the Tapper had pulled its hand back and was on fours walking towards him from the edge of the clearing. Ted folded his arms as the Tapper reached him and he looked to see White Eyes come out of the hut dressed in only gonoid skin pants with a long sword like knife in its scabbard on his back by a cloth. Ted frowned as White Eyes looked his way and waved a fist at him then walked away walking out of the clearing weaving passed huts scattered around. Ted felt his long gun on his arm and looked to see the Tapper was pressing it into his arm. 
Ted took the weapon and felt the Tapper tap “Follow White Eyes, I fear he’s up to no good.” 
He took the hint walking as White Eyes walked into the bushes towards the direction where a large thick towering in the sky tree was above the forest of trees and bushes. 
He frowned following White Eyes’ trail thinking to himself “What are you up to?”
Ted followed White Eyes’ trail till he reached a thick tree root that was his waist size leading towards the Tappers’ sacred tree. He frowned hearing squawking sounds and broke into a jog running towards the sounds while crashing into the bushes. He ran into a clearing to see two Tappers lying on the ground dripping of blue liquid on their bodies while waving their scaly arms. Ted ran up to the Tappers as one stretched its hand touching him tapping in a code. 
He translated “White Eyes attacked us with his weapon when we tried to keep him away from entering the hole in the ground.” 
The hand removed itself and pointed as Ted looked to see a large hole was in the ground lighted up with glowing balls of light. He ran towards the hole and jumped landing on the ground full of leaves. Glowing balls of light shined brightly illuminating the cave passageway. Frowning Ted got up and darted down the large cave passageway. He heard sounds of roaring and increased his speed reaching a large cavernous cave to see White Eyes fighting with two Tappers with his large knife swinging at them. Ted could see in the middle of the cave was a bloody red thin root that was sticking from the ground reaching the top of the cave. Scattered around in the walls were shining glowing balls of light illuminating the cave.  
Ted shouted “White Eyes! Cease your attacks now!”
White Eyes he saw instead of answering him cut down the two Tappers and started speed walking towards the root. 
Ted shouted again “White Eyes! Stop or I’ll shoot!”
White Eyes turned around and yelled “I’m not letting them control us!”
Ted frowned at the words as White Eyes turned around into a jog running towards the root. He aimed his gun at White Eyes’ back as the man reached the root and swung his large knife. He fired the gun with marksmanship and stiffened to see a red bloody splotch appear on the back of White Eyes in the left side. He dropped the gun and ran towards White Eyes who dropped the knife falling to his knees. 
Ted reaching White Eyes’ form grabbed the man who spoke in a far away voice “My place will be taken I’ll see to it.” 
He frowned at the words as White Eyes closed his eyes and sensed his breathing stop as the man’s body went limp giving up to death. He felt a hand touch his shoulder and looked to see a Tapper standing at the entrance to the cave. 
The Tapper tapped “Leave him, we’ll handle the burial. I suggest you leave too.” 
Ted dropped White Eyes’ body which slid towards the ground and walked towards the Tapper who held up his gun. With a frown he took the gun and left the cave walking by Tappers and reached the hole above him. He stood as two pairs of Tapper hands thrust themselves at him from above which he put the gun via strap on his back and grabbed the hands. The Tappers hoisted him out of the hole and let go of him. He walked passed them towards the camp where the others were gathered laughing around an eater eating their food as the sun began setting on the horizon. Frowning Ted went to his hut and placed his gun into a metal box locking it with a key chain he put around his neck. He left his hut to join the others who abruptly went silent seeing him. 
A female he saw stood up and spoke “White Eyes?”
Ted spoke “Irina, dead, I shot him as he tried to attack the Tappers’ sacred tree.” 
There were gasps around the camp's eater as one of them spoke “Well we don’t have to worry about him and his rudeness anymore.” 
Ted heard nervous laughter among the group as the speaker a male spoke again “I think Diana can stop being afraid after what he did to her.”
They all looked at Diana a female with long brown hair whose green eyes were staring at the eater with a far away expression on her face. Ted walked towards Diana and squatted next to her putting a hand on her shoulder of her cloud colored shawl covering her form. 
He spoke “Diana, it’s alright. White Eyes is dead he can’t hurt you any more. You’re safe now.”
He kneeled and pulled Diana towards his form holding her in a hug as she burst into tears crying away. Ted kept his arms around Diana as the spoken male got up and kneeled next to him gesturing with his hands. He gently pushed Diana towards the male who wrapped his arms around the woman leaning his short black haired head on hers. He could see the male's mouth moving as he whispered words to Diana words unheard by himself. Ted watched as Diana shook her head as the spoken male got up with her and escorted her towards a hut where they went inside it with closing up the opening. He sighed loudly as the others stared at the eater lost in thought. With a frown he got up from the camp's eater and went to his hut as a Tapper waddled on two feet in front of him. 
He stared at the yellow eyes of the Tapper who reached a hand and tapped on his chest “Thank you for saving what was sacred to us.” 
The Tapper removed its hand and waddled away going into the forest. Ted yawned and went into his hut shutting the opening. He in the darkness took off his boots and felt for his blankets. With a sigh he got in the blankets and laid down adjusting his pillow. 
He spoke out loud “I wonder what the future will bring?”
Then he closed his eyes falling asleep. 

Guardian continued to watch as the camp's ground was changed from huts of gonoid skin and leaves to plastic tents complete with zippers. He kept on watching as the land near the ocean appeared to get developed into a big city with tall towering buildings. He recognized the city as Megiddo's city of Elizabethan town. He sighed as he continued to watch as the scene shifted towards a female he recognized as Diana who was groaning loudly with abdomen swollen. He frowned as he continued to watch as Diana groaned feeling spasms of pain racking through out her. She groaned lying on the bed of the hospital, hand gripping a familiar male's hand in a tight grip. Her naked body glistened with sweat as her abdomen was swollen with child she labored to push out of her. 
She gritted her teeth as another spasm of pain arrived followed by a feeling which she groaned out “Edie! I have to push now!” 
The doctor in his blue scrubs went from pacing to stand at the front of her examining her. 
He spoke “She’s right Edie, the baby is coming.” 
Edie the male accompanying Diana was standing at her side helped her in a sitting position as she bent her legs pushing the baby out of her. 
The doctor spoke “That’s it, push, and push.” 
Diana relaxed when she heard a squealing cry of a baby along with the urge to push end and heard the doctor speak “It’s a boy, the baby’s a boy.” 
She felt Edie kiss her on the cheek as she sighed while the doctor examined the baby. 
The doctor spoke “What are you going to call him, Tip?”
Diana lied down on the bed with Edie pulling a blanket over her as she and he stared at the Tapper standing in the corner watching the scene with yellow eyes. The Tapper stretched out his stretchable arm and touched the doctor with his reptile like hand tapping in code. 
The doctor spoke “Says call him Jason.” 
Diana nodded her head in agreement as she held up her hand and Edie placed his hand in it. 
They both shook hands as she spoke “Thanks for your time with me.” 
Edie nodded his head as the doctor wrapped Jason in a blanket and left the room carrying the baby while being followed by Tip. 
Edie spoke “It was nice knowing you, Diana.” 
Diana nodded her head as Edie left the room closing the door. She turned her head to stare at a Tapper, a female named Dap standing in another corner that waddled walking towards the bed next to hers.
Diana spoke “I took a liking to Edie but breeding comes first.” 
Dap reached out a hand touching Diana’s arm tapping “It is common for Suri breeding pairs to like each other after being together for a period of Suri months.”
Diana sighed as she spoke “Well Jason is going to have a wonderful life being raised by Tip like you raised me.”
Diana yawned stretching her arms as Dap sat in the chair next to the bed. 
She spoke “I’m tired, I’ll get some sleep.” 
She yawned again falling asleep but this time woke up feeling like needing to push again. Diana grunted as Dap tapped onto her head questions of what was going on she ignored. 
Diana heard a wailing sound of a baby to find Dap tapping in code onto her head "It's a girl. Odd that you would have two in the pouch. I'll get the doctor. So sleep now."
She obeyed to dream she was in the camp she was in a time ago surrounded by tents with simmering camp fires. Frowning Diana walked among the empty tents her feet leading her towards a cliff over looking a lake. She looked at the ground while hearing the bushes rumble behind her. Diana spun around to face White Eyes coming out of the bush with his all white eyes narrowed. She gasped backing up till the edge of the cliff met her feet. 
White Eyes she saw stared at her and spoke “I have come.” 
She frowned staring at him as he advanced towards her with his hands in fists as he continued speaking “They won’t stop me this time for I control more than just life itself.”
White Eyes she saw stopped walking to look around with his head then he looked at her then continued walking towards her. 
Diana gasped shaking of fear staring at him as he added speaking “I am the ruler of them all for they do my bidding. Their control will end for I’ll see to it.”
She frowned as White Eyes stopped walking to charge towards her. She screamed as he reached her grabbing her form knocking them off the cliff falling towards the lake down below. The water rose up to reach her held in White Eyes arms then Diana jerked her eyes open to stare at the white ceiling of the hospital room. She felt Dap’s scaly hand on her forehead rubbing and looked at the Tapper. 
She spoke gasping “I had a nightmare.”
Diana raised her hand and Dap removed her hand from her forehead to her raised hand gripping it. 
She spoke “The nightmare was of White Eyes talking words that don’t make sense to me.” 
Dap released her hand to tap on her palm “You’ve been having nightmares of the Chopper since his passing.” 
Diana spoke “Yes I know but this time his words made it seem like he came back from the passing as some ruler with control.” 
Dap tapped “The Chopper has passed. He can’t hurt you any more like he did when he was alive.”
She sighed as she spoke “Dap, I don’t want to have any more dreams of him.” 
Dap rubbed her hand then tapped “I’ll see that the doctor gives you something to help you sleep.” 
Diana smiled a small smile and spoke “Thank you. I need it.”
Dap released Diana’s hand and got up from the chair crawling towards the door on fours, leaving the room. 
Diana frowned staring at the ceiling and thought to herself “White Eyes is dead, Diana. You don’t need to worry about him anymore.”
She sighed loudly and added to herself “At least Jason won’t know about this.”
Diana smiled to herself thinking that comment. 

Guardian recalled "The islands of Megiddo's history, it was during the times when the Egyptians lived on Megiddo suffering from an unknown sickness while isolated from other nations or other Egyptians coming to visit out of fear of the illness catching them." 
He recalled "The Tappers evolved into the something else once the sickness was affecting them. The sickness wound up cured by babies born with the immunity to it but it wasn't obvious till the babies were full grown is when the cured status was revealed."
He saw Egypt floating besides the monitor making a gesture of quiet with her finger over her lips to frown shifting to focus onto the TV monitor he assumed it was. He watched as Jason the baby grew up into a full grown adult. Guardian continued to watch as Jason a young man of twenty rolled over in bed with his eyes closed sleeping. He dreamed of walking in a forest among trees and bushes till he reached an opening in the bushes and walked though. Standing away facing him was an older man with long black hair, tan skin with all white eyes wearing gonoid skin clothing and a long knife in a scabbard attached to him on his back. The white eyed man was standing on a cliff over looking a lake with arms folded. Jason stared at the man with a range of emotions on his face. 
The white eyed man spoke “Good about time you arrived so come here and stand in front of me.” 
Jason felt compelled to obey till he was standing in front of the man identical to his height. 
The man placed his hands on the top of Jason’s head and spoke “You will find a female to mate with for you must father a child.” 
He stared with confusion as the man removed his hands to fold his arms and continued “Once that is done you’ll have control over whatever you desire.”
Jason woke up with a gasp as the light of the sun shined from the window covered by golden curtains that were partly opened at the edge of the bed. He shook his head rubbing a hand through his long brown hair and rolled onto his stomach to stare at the window at the head of the bed. With a frown he yanked the blanket over his head and closed his eyes only to feel the blanket taken from the bed with such force. Jason groaned loudly as he felt the Tapper a male named Tip tapping on his back with his furry hand he seeing the hand was furry this time. 
Guardian recalled to himself "The Tappers went through a growth phase of developing fur and wings of a bird which they turned out to devolved into flying gonoid dubbed Ryder Hawks that are known for transporting people all over the place once within their claws. The Megs came after that."
He found Egypt kept making her gesture as he focused onto Jason translated Tip’s message to himself “It’s time to get up and get ready for work. You have a job to do and you need to do it.” 
Jason rolled onto his back opening his eyes as Tip removed his hand. With a groan Jason got up from the bed yanking off his pajama pants revealing underwear shorts. He went to the dresser next to the wall and yanked out clothes which consisted of jeans and a sweat shirt top which he put on. Tip handed him a large black vest which he put on over his form. With a frown he could see Tip had in his other hand was a large hood which he groaned taking it to put on his head. The hood covered his head settling onto his forehead showing his face. 
Guardian recalled to himself "Males were ordered by Tappers to wear that fashion which died out once they fully devolved into Ryder Hawks."
With a groan he walked out of his bedroom followed by Tip waddling behind him. He went down the stairs of the condo down the hallway towards the small kitchen unit where he hauled out a drink bottle from the refrigerator. 
He uncapped the drink bottle and drank while feeling Tip tapping on his back message saying “Drink it all up, Jason.” 
Jason paused from drinking to groan loudly then he continued drinking. Once finished he dumped the bottle in the recycle box in the small closet next to the kitchen unit and walked down the hallway towards the front door. He sighed as he unlocked the front door and yanked it open walking outside gently closing the storm door. He walked pass condo units to the edge of the road where others like he were standing in a group. He could see the males were wearing vests and hoods covering their heads like he while the females were uncovered. Jason folded his arms frowning as a female around his age joined the group. He stared at the female who had long brown hair in a tail while wearing a long sleeve purple dress with flat shoes on her feet. He kept his eyes on her as the bus rumbled down the road to stop in front of the group. Jason followed the group onto the bus and sat himself next to the female in a two person seat. 
The female spoke “I noticed you staring at me so you got a name?”
Jason spoke “The name is Jason.” 
The female held up her hand and Jason took it as she spoke “The name is Luna, nice to meet you Jason.” 
Jason brought her hand to his lips and kissed it while hearing her sigh. 
Luna spoke “You’ll be my first.” 
Jason spoke “So will you.” 
The bus rumbled as Jason added “Where do you work? I work at the Bradlees store in the stock room in Camden.” 
Luna spoke “I work at Bradlees too at the jewelry counter. You haven’t seen me because I was a transfer from another Bradlees store in Yorkville to this one in Camden.”
He mentally thought to himself  as Luna snuggled close to him, him putting an arm around her "It's going to take forever before we can hook up as the Tappers call us mating rituals for it."
Jason didn't say anything towards Luna regarding his thought instead kept his mouth shut. He sighed once the bus arrived to the shopping complex where Bradlees' store was and followed Luna out into the plaza towards the store's entrance.

Guardian found the scene changed to show a naked Jason sighed as he lay in the bed with a naked Luna lying next to him asleep they appearing to be resting from a mating ritual.
He thought to himself "At least I have what I want in this miserable life at the moment." 
Jason closed his eyes and dreamed himself walking in the forests of trees and bushes till he reached an opening in the bushes and walked through. Standing away was the familiar man with all white eyes whose arms were folded. 
The white eyed man spoke “Good she will carry to full term, come here.” 
Jason walked forwards to stand in front of the man who placed hands over his eyes while speaking “Hide and reveal only to those under your control.” 
He frowned at the man’s words as the man removed his hands from covering his open eyes.
The man spoke “Think your thoughts and they will hear it serving you well.” 
Jason stared at the man who added “Don’t speak of this to the Tappers, they won’t understand and will try to put you down.”
He formed confusion on his face as the man continued speaking “Their control must end, you’ll see to it.”
The man’s form changed to a thick as his arm tree root going from the ground to the top of a large cave with glowing balls in the walls. 
He heard the man’s voice speak “This is what you must destroy. Use whatever forces to do this but it must be destroyed. Their control must end now.” 
Jason opened his eyes as the light of the sun shined in the bare window of the room bare of anything but a large mattress like bed he and Luna were lying on with blankets covering them. Frowning he sighed as Luna yawned opening her eyes and stretched out her arms. He stared at her as she rubbed a hand on his cheek and got up from the bed naked. Jason watched as she picked up her discarded clothes and began putting them on. 
He stared at her as she spoke “Shouldn’t you be doing the same, Jason? We have jobs and needs to attend to.” 
Jason got up from the bed stretching his arms and grabbed his clothes off the floor putting them on. 
He frowned as he stared at Luna who gave him a feminine look of love towards him before adding "I'll see you around. Thanks for your time and service."
Jason felt dejected getting that comment from Luna. He formed a frown to see her walk out of the room which he followed to the front door. He found his way blocked by a Tapper who restrained him as Luna walked towards the bus stop from the looks of it. He felt annoyance take hold to glare at the Tapper restraining him with powerful restraint of hands on his arms from behind and keeping him rooted to the spot annoying him. Jason twisted his form to glare at the Tapper with annoyance who restrained him ironclad. He looked away to spot Luna getting onto a bus driven by a man wearing a uniform and saw it being driven away. Jason gave up a roar and wretched himself free from the Tapper's handed grips to twist his form glaring with anger running through him. 
He got the Tapper tapping onto his chest "Pairing between Suri is for breeding only."
He growled a nonsense sound at the word Suri used by Tappers towards him and his species Luna was also a part of. He glared with anger running through him waved a hand fisted while eyeing the Tapper. Jason stomped away and only to get his arms grabbed from behind with such force he resisting. He wound up thrust into the apartment building's entrance by the Tapper using strong strength to restrain him. Jason glared as the Tapper waddled inside the building blocking the doorway and let him go. 
He snarled out loudly "Explain this now Tapper! I want to go home!"
He glared at the Tapper who's hands thrust material onto him he felt from the feeling was the familiar hood and vest making him growl angrily. Jason found his efforts to get outside without either one on thwarted by the Tapper who kept up the blockade. He snarled an angry nonsense sound to thrust on the vest and the hood before finding his way out of the building no longer blocked. Jason darted towards the bus stop only to feel Tapper's hands grabbing him from behind and tossing him backwards in a long throw. He wound up getting his back onto the grass as the Tapper released him. 
Jason glared as the Tapper tapped onto his forehead making him annoyed "That mood is not appropriate for Surians to have so drop it now!"
He exhaled a breath to kneel as if needing to do despite the Tapper's use of Surians for males and Suria for females including Suri for his species. He shut his eyes and forced him to mediate willing himself to be calm. 
Jason saw clearly in his mind was the all white eyed male who spoke "I warned you about the Tappers having control over us. They call us Suri which is their language for 'Savage'. It's another name for primitive species. They control us actually."
He felt a hand whack him on the back of his head shaking him of the dream he finding himself slumped over onto the grass and appearing to have fallen asleep. 
Jason spoke as he felt the whacking by a Tapper continue "Alright I'm up and awake. I fell asleep just to calm myself down. Excuse me I need to take the bus."
Jason got up and felt his form stiff from kneeling as he eyed the sky seeing it was sunset and not blaring over head like he thought. 
He got from the Tapper tapping onto his back "You're walking home for sleeping and being rude towards me. Forget the bus. Don't try to get a ride from anyone period and obey me when I say walk now!"
He gave the Tapper a glare and started walking towards the bus stop only to feel hands grab his arms from behind. Jason found himself thrust into a direction on the sidewalk away from the apartment's building and away from the bus stop. He felt annoyance take hold kept on walking in the direction as indicated. Jason kept on feeling Tappers' hands remove themselves in one area only to get another pair getting onto his arms. The hands wound up keeping him thrust in directions he was to walk to his home. 
Jason grumbled to himself thinking "Who's idea was it to have us be controlled by the Tappers anyway?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question mentally added "I think I'll ask Tip about this question once I get the chance to. But first I got to get home and make it seem its curiosity talking."
Jason found the Tappers' control over him walking home continued even when he was getting tired from walking. He found himself forced to walk a lengthy route to his home place. 
He grumbled to himself mentally adding "I don't care how for I'll see if the Tappers' control ends period. I'm so sick of it."

Guardian exhaled a breath finding the scene changed to show Jason grumbled to himself of that thinking as he laid in bed with the sunlight blaring from the open curtained window. 
He recalled Tip once he got home tapped onto his foot as he removed the head and vest cover gear "You're going straight to your room now. You're staying there for the remainder of the night. I'll tell you when you can leave so get going now."
He had managed to get into his bedroom to crash into bed only to be woken up at sunrise by Tip thrusting the blanket aside and tapping onto his back "Get up now! You have a job to do at Bradlees! So go do it now!"
Jason found himself not well rested instead had feet pain from walking in his dress shoes instead of his sneakers for work. 
He found Tip balked his efforts to put on his sneakers by tapping "Those shoes aren't appropriate for work so put something else on."
Jason wound up getting the sneakers snatched from his hands by Tip who held them in some arm stretchable move above him. 
That despite his efforts to get them and repeatedly getting tapping messages "Wear your dress shoes. Sneakers aren't appropriate for work. You know this Jason."
He found himself forced to agree by putting on his dress shoes and grimaced from the pain as he got thrust his vest and hood. He put them on and slow walked down the stairs only to get pushed with such force that he had to grab the banister to glare at Tip.
Tip tapped onto his arm "I didn't say that you could be late for work. So get out of here to the bus now. Don't have me order you to walk home I know you hated doing it. I know that you're in pain from your shoes so get to work now."
He obeyed as if needing to do it to find Luna not around at the bus stop. 
He frowned wondering to himself "What did those stinking Tappers say towards her anyway?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question took the bus to work while grimacing as he thought to himself "This is going to be a long day."

Guardian continued to watch while noticing Egypt nearby floating appearing to be watching the TV monitor. He found Egypt was ignored by the Guardian of Life and Death who appeared to be keeping his eyes onto the TV as if trying to see who he really was. He kept watching as he found Jason found out what the white eyed man meant by control. He while watching out the window of his room on a day off from work watched the birds flutter in the tree. 
He thought to himself "Can't one of these birds land onto my window still and sit for me to stare at it closer?"
Jason stiffened as a bird as if hearing him obeyed to sit onto his window still pecking itself on the feathers. It appeared to be grooming its red feathers by the looks of it as he stared watching the bird.
He saw a squirrel get onto the tree as he thought to himself "I think I control the gonoids but I got to see what's it is."
Jason thought "Squirrel I see sitting in the tree to climb my window screen." 
The squirrel he saw tossed itself out of tree and landed on his window still to climb his window screen. 
He realized "I can communicate to the gonoids as in telling them to do things." 
He decided "I think I'll go out for a walk."
Jason went down the stairs heading towards the front door to swing it open along with walking out only to feel hands of a Tapper grab him from behind yanking him inside in a fast move. 
"Tip" he figured "Caught me without the hood and vest again."
He wound up getting Tip tapping him onto his arm while thrust the vest and hood. 
Tip telling him "You're to wear hood and vest whenever you go out period." 
Jason obeyed to put on his hood and vest which he stomped outside. He went to the forest where the Tapper's sacred tree was standing tall towering over other trees. He gave the tree a glare and yanked off his hood and vest thrusting them onto the ground. Jason stomped a foot onto the clothing items. 
Jason mentally called within his mind "Lead me to a weapon to destroy the Tappers' sacred tree now!"
He repeated his order to get met by a Fox all red looking from the looks of it that groomed itself in front of him. 
Jason added "Lead me to the weapon while I'll follow you now."
Fox he saw obeyed led him to a tree with a hole in the trunk near the ground and paws it. He reached in the hole and discovered a wrapped bundle in a gonoid skin like blanket. He unwrapped the bundle to see it's containing a knife that looks long as his arm while handle is hand length. He grabbed the knife to grunt as he got a painful headache. Headache he saw in his mind is of the white eyed male attacking Tappers while in a cave with a blood red root nearby with the knife. Jason continued to see in his mind the male with white eyes succeeded in cutting down the Tappers and going towards the root with knife swinging. 
Jason heard "White Eyes!"
He saw a blood red splotch on the back of the male before he can swing the knife at the tree.
"White Eyes" He figured to himself "Must be his name." 
He continued to see White Eyes fell toward the ground. 
He heard sounding in his mind a voice speak "The Tappers’ control us with their sacred tree. The tree must be destroyed." 
Jason felt himself angry while remembering his punishment of walking home from a location in the city a lengthy walk by Tappers' punishing him to do it. 
He snarled out loud "I don't care how for I'll see that you're control ends period!"

Guardian found Jason's effort to reach the sacred tree thwarted. Jason stood in the clearing holding the long knife in his hand. He growled glaring at the two Tappers standing in front of him still keeping their stretchable hands out in front of them towards him. Jason discovered efforts to enter the boundary marked by the Tapper guards on their sacred tree blocked by them. They kept on thrusting their hands onto him and avoiding his attempts to cut them in the process. He glared at the Tappers as he heard a sound of familiar gun cocking noise sounding behind him.
This was followed by a male voice speaking “Give up the knife or I’ll shoot.” 
He flicked the knife till he was holding it by the blade and held it up towards the Tappers one snatched it from his hand. With a growl he raised his hands and turned around to face a male with entirely grey white hair holding a small hand gun pointed at him. 
The male spoke “Oh dear, White Eyes fathered a son. His face and eyes is the same as the Chopper.”
Jason growled eyes narrowing at the male who added gesturing with the gun “Turn around.” 
He obeyed turning around and heard a twig snap from behind him followed by pain on the back of his head knocking him unconscious. 

Jason dreamed of walking in the forests of trees and bushes till he reached the cliff where the white eyed man White Eyes stood with arms folded. 
White Eyes spoke “The Tappers found out who you are. This doesn’t matter anyway but come here to me.” 
He walked towards the male with a glare on his face staring till he was in front of him. Jason stared at the man who placed a hand on his chest and speaking words, in gibberish words not understood. 
Then White Eyes removed his hand to fold his arms and spoke Suri's language “Use what you control to do your mission, remember that.” 

Jason woke up with a start finding himself lying on a mattress with a blanket over him. Lights overhead shined dimly illuminating the room that was grey and padded. He sat up and looked around to see three walls were padded solid while the forth wall facing the foot of the bed was consisted of metal bars. Standing behind them he saw was a Tapper who stretched a hand between the bars and touched his leg to tap. 
He translated “Jason do you know who your parents are?”
Jason spoke “I was raised by a Tapper named Tip.” 
The Tapper tapped “Tests were done on you, which proves you’re a match to being the son of the Chopper and a Suria.”
He growled eyes narrowing at the Tapper who continued “Do you know the word disease?”
He spoke “Is that what I am?”
Jason snarled some sound as the Tapper tapped “No that’s not what you are. Disease is another word for sickness affecting Suri.” 
He spoke “The sickness is you controlling us with your tree.” 
The Tapper’s fingers’ message was “No that’s not true.” 
Jason spoke “You’re in denial Tapper. Get your hand off of me and leave me to sleep now.”
He gave the Tapper a glare who obeyed as he laid his form down and shut his eyes to thrust the blanket up to his chest. He shut his eyes to dream of a male dressed like White Eyes but had golden sun colored eyes of a gonoid while appearing to look Suri sitting near a campfire not looking familiar that appeared to notice him looking. 
The male spoke "Come sit with me, Jason, on the log. I have a story to tell you."
Jason dreaming obeyed to sit onto the log next to the male to frown staring at him. 
The male spoke "Suri arrived to this planetary world by ship crashing into it. Tappers are hiding watching Suri and don’t make contact. Suri’s survivors of the ship populate a city with buildings already there. One of them born is a Surian named Jason. He has admitted from early age senses the Tappers but is unaware of what they are. Jason as a late teenager senses that the Tappers are a life form and seeks them out in a forest near a tree that is tower over the other trees. Tappers meet Jason who is shocked to see them. He figures out their tapping on him with their hands is code which is how they communicate to him. Jason gets the Tappers to stop hiding and gets them to show themselves to the Suri. Suri are detected to have range of emotions but accept Tappers. Suri started getting sick with forms changing into animalistic people. The animalistic people are called Sumer which is our language for 'Savage'. Tappers’ blood acts as medical cure saves Suri. Suri accepts Tappers as their 'rulers' dominating their life. The Tappers know the planet and how to survive on it. Jason has a Surian who is raised by a Tapper named Tip. Jason gets old and passes away but Tappers don’t forget him. Tappers pass the knowledge of the first contact among each other but don’t share it with the Suri who forget about it. Tappers keep mental records of Jason and record of Jason’s descendants. The line continues with a Surian named White Eyes for his eyes-"

Jason saw in the dream it got interrupted by the familiar male appearing into eyesight snarling loudly "Enough of this mental talk to Jason, now Tip!"
Jason woke up with a gasp finding Tip's hand on top of his forehead that removed itself in a fast move. He sat up with a glare of accusation in his eyes to glare at the familiar male that threatened to shoot him with a handgun weapon. 
He glared at the male who added "Tip, I got a better idea involving Jason to get your point of view in this conflict. Now get him out of that jail cell!"
Jason got up as Tip he assumed was the Tapper obeyed to get the bars open and backed up which he walked out still glaring at the male. 
The male spoke "The name is Ted. I know your name is Jason by Tip telling me that. So put this ring on your right hand on the middle finger now."
Jason exhaled a breath and found Tip tapping onto Ted he assumed was the male's name in some rushed tapping move. He grimaced as Ted gave Tip a glare of yellow golden eyes of a Tapper to his shock while gently removing Tip's tapping hand off his chest. 
Jason frowned inwardly as Ted added while still flaring his golden eyed look "Back off Tip now! I know what I'm doing! Believe me I have thought that action out fully the moment I met Jason for the first time!"
He got thrust a ring of golden color which he obeyed to put it on feeling himself nervous from Ted's glaring expression aimed at Tip who quit the golden eyed glare. 
Jason formed a grimace on his face as Ted spoke "Follow me now, Jason. Tip, keep the Tappers off of us till I tell you when they can get a hold of him."
Jason frowned forming it on his face to wordlessly follow Ted out of the jail cell feeling Tip's hands onto the back of his arms. He found the hands remove themselves followed by another set of hands touch him there. He and Ted traveled out of the building to outside he paused from walking to feel the hands' off of him. Jason sighed seeing he was in a bustling metropolis city from the looks of it having tall towering buildings overhead that appeared to block out the sun. He wordlessly followed Ted who kept giving him a golden eyed glare whenever he stopped to look around. Ted, he saw took him to a building that appeared to be temple of worship where waddling Tappers were walking in and out. Jason frowned as the Tappers ignored Ted to get to the entrance blocked by two Tappers' holding hands out onto both of them. 
He frowned as Ted spoke "Tappers, your permission to enter." 
The Tappers he saw allowed them to enter the temple. He found himself unable to look around by the darkness seen. He felt Tappers' hands touching his arms manipulating him with jerking moves throughout. Jason found himself led to a small chapel like room with multiple candles scattered around. He frowned as he was let go and pushed inside to notice in the middle of the room is a glass coffin like box. 
Jason heard from Ted finding the male next to him "Go look."
Jason saw lying in glass box was a male with all white eyes that appeared to be dead to the world he recognized is White Eyes. Jason stared at White Eyes from standing next to the glass box for he saw his face is the same as the male while lying dead in the box. 
Jason felt the familiar tapping code onto his head he groaned from memory to speak out loud "Tip."
He felt Tip continue on tapping "I want to show you something at a place for healing."
Jason exhaled a breath to eye Ted in response to get from the male "I already seen what they showed me at the hospital. So go with him now. I marked you special. The Tappers will leave you alone till I take back the mark."
Groaning softly he found himself guided out of the dark temple to outside into the glaring sunlight to frown following Tip waddling down the stairs. He noticed that Ted wasn't with them but kept on following Tip.
He groaned softly "I hope it's worth my time being freed from containment."

Guardian frowned fully on his face as he continued to watch as the scene changed to show Jason standing in an all white hallway looking through a window. He watched as Jason frowned looking in the window showing an all white room with a hammock. He felt himself frowning as the hammock swung a bit before a being appearing to look odd to him came off the hammock.
He felt Tip's tapping onto his back and translated "This is one of the species called Sumer our word for 'Savage.' They were born Suri like you and any other Suri but became a Sumer via sickness hitting them."
He felt Tip's hand leave him as he concentrated onto the Sumer. He noticed had golden eyes of a Tapper, clawed hands and a scaly form of one of his species without the furring or feathers. 
Jason heard blared in his mind unexpectedly "We've been expecting you to arrive, Jason. We're not as savaged as the Tappers they call themselves think we are."
Jason frowned to blink his eyes as he got a memory of himself controlling gonoids that had the same red plume on top of their heads he saw from the caged Sumer.
He stiffened as he heard again blaring in his mind "The control that White Eyes complained about was us Samura we call ourselves instead of that name of Sumer communicating with him. He got the message we gave him wrong. It's the Tappers who control us Samura keeping us locked up out of fear of thinking you Suri are sick with an illness."
Jason mentally spoke while eyeing the Samura "What do you expect me to do? I'm trapped by the Tappers' controlling me and what behaviors they expect me to do for them."
He frowned as he heard in response as the Samura made a stretching move "There's another sacred tree along with other trees in another area in Sumerian forest park as the Tappers' call it It's where we're always hiding there whenever in free status. What one Tapper knows all know." 
Jason frowned to get his familiar tapping in code on the back of his head again.
He sighed recognizing it as Tip's hand code for "Pay attention, stop daydreaming!"
Jason spoke while eyeing Tip and sounding firm "You sure that the Sumer as you call them don't have any intelligence to communicate?"
He frowned to get Tip's hand tapping onto his arm he translated "Chopper claimed on a meeting with the Sumer that they were communicating with him in some mind to mind method. He kept on screaming various insults and comments aimed at us-"
Jason interrupted "Such as Samura as the Sumer called themselves?"
He frowned to get Tip's hand tapping in response "What did the Samura say to you since it's obvious that they can communicate with you?"
Jason sighed softly to feel Tapper's hands onto his arms holding him from the back in a tight ironclad move. 
He spoke making sure he sounded firm "Tip, the Samura wants me to take you to Sumerian forest and show you something."
He clamped his mouth shut to get from Tip "What did the Samura instruct you to do hmm?"
Jason sighed and spoke "The Samura claim that there's another sacred tree in that forest along with others like it."
He heard blared in his mind unexpectedly "Tip, sacred tree is not immune to death and they die."
Jason sighed again and spoke repeating the Samura's words using says including saying "Says we Samura tried communicating to the Chopper as you call him. He heard us but got our message wrong regarding who controls who. We were referring to us Samura as you, Tappers controlling us out of fear."
He frowned to get Tip's familiar tapping again to translate to the contained Samura "Says then why did you set the Chopper off to destroy our sacred tree?"
He heard in response which he spoke verbatim "Says there are Suri marked by their eyes that can put death to a sacred tree once the time comes for they to die. The sacred tree marked their death destroyers by giving special eyes towards Surians to do this job only and no other Suri. This Suri speaking our words has the mark of one by this Suri's eyes indicating it."
Jason frowned as he got an image fully in his mind of the Samura's eyesight view showing it staring at him with his eyes all white by the looks of it. He exhaled a breath to frown while blinking his eyes of the vision to keep his attention onto Tip warily. Jason sighed and found himself acting as a communicator between Tip and the Samura. He found the talk was on the Samura trying to convince the Tappers to go to Sumerian forest to see if there's another sacred tree there like they said. 
He felt annoyed when Tip speaking for the Tappers tapped onto him "You expect me to believe that talk Samura?"
Jason snarled out loud instead of translating the Samura's talk "Oh! Just take me to the Sumerian Forest now! I'll settle this ridiculous argument between you, Tappers and the Samura now! So get your hands off of me and get to the forest now! It's me Jason talking and not that Samura, Tip!"
He glared at Tip who removed his hand to feel himself freed from the Tappers' hand grips gave an Hmph sound and stomped out of the hospital thinking to himself "This argument better be solved now. I'm tired of this ridiculous fighting."
Jason stomped into the forest sensing himself followed by a lone Tapper that got a hold on his arm in a tight grip. 
He mentally spoke yelling "Show me Samura where this sacred tree growing to take over the other sacred trees now!"
He saw the familiar fox again with the familiar red plume that appeared into view to groom itself. 
He mentally spoke towards the fox "Show me the sacred trees now."
Jason found the fox obeying to go to a tree to dig at its roots seemingly lengthy before a part of it was seen. He yanked off the Tapper's hand grip and went to check to see peering in the hole was the familiar red thin root jutting from it into the ground. 
Jason spoke while eyeing the Tapper and gesturing towards the hole "The Samura is telling the truth. This is another sacred tree."
He stepped back to let the Tapper see for itself before noticing the fox was again at a tree digging into the root.
Jason spoke "Fox is digging again from the looks of it."
He got no comment from the Tapper as he stood watching the fox go to each tree and repeatedly dig holes baring the red root jutting from it underground. He checked each tree to see the fox had dug holes in trees surrounding them in a clearing before darting out of sight. 
Jason spoke towards the Tapper after each tree was checked "You were saying regarding the Samura?"
He glared at the Tapper who gave up a loud squawk of alarm as he heard loud hissing sounds. He looked around as gestured by the Tapper to find multiple Samura hissing away climbing down trees with clawed hands attached to the tree in some four footed method. 
He mentally spoke "Stop it now!"
Jason shouted loudly repeated his words mentally and verbalizing it "This battle on who gains control ends now! Stop this fight and get along now! I'm sick of it!"
He heard the hissing stop from the Samura to find them form a confused expression on their faces while sitting on the ground in some stretching poses. 
He gave the Tapper a glare as he spoke while mentally repeating his words "You Tappers see the sacred tree as valuable, so why don't you have Samura guard the trees?"
"You Samura live in the sacred tree as your home so why don't you guard them for the Tappers?" He added not sparing each one of the Samura a glare.
Jason spoke while mentally repeating his words "My job and descendants' job is to act as the one who ends a sacred tree's usefulness. So another one can grow in its place and take over the Tappers' job of being sacred to them. That includes growing for becoming a home for the Samura to live in as the guardians of the sacred tree. 
Besides you Samura seem to know the difference from a sick and healthy sacred tree. It's your job to point to me which tree must die for another to grow in its place. 
Tappers it's your job to protect the oldest of the sacred tree judging by height size. I suggest you both do it now!"
Jason glared at the Tapper and at the Samura closest to him with his arms folded while forming a narrowed eyed glare on his face. He eyed the Samura closest to him as if drawn to hesitantly edge itself towards the Tapper not moving or thrusting out its hand. He frowned as the Samura reached the Tapper to place a clawed hand onto the Tapper's furry feathered shoulder in a gentle grip move that remained. He eyed the Tapper that reached out a hand and gripped the Samura's shoulder in response. 
Jason figured "Their doing the Suri version of hand shakes for agreeing to something."
He kept his mouth shut in response to seeing that as both of them got into a tight hugged gesture and seemed lengthy with the hugging to him. Jason frowned forming it on his lips to find the Tapper tapping in code onto the Samura's back. He eyed the Samura in response who edged put its face, face to face level with the Tapper to appear to be staring.
He sighed softly "Of course they can communicate with each other but had a disagreement hence they using me for communications. Hopefully this will turn out to be a good agreement."
He felt himself smiley a bit kept his mouth shut forming that gesture without baring his teeth. Jason eyed the Samura and the Tapper appeared to communicate with each other.

Guardian recalled to himself "The Samura are actually another form of Meg that evolved to have Egyptian intelligence as did the Tappers once their change into Ryder Hawks was made fully."
He kept his eyes onto Jason who he saw frowned as Tip he assumed was the Tapper led him to the old sacred tree that wasn't in Sumerian forest unstopped. He frowned as the Tapper led him to a hole in the ground and with great strength lifted him off his feet and thrust him into the opening. Jason frowned as he was gently placed down on a patch of leaves he seeing another Tapper in a cave with a passageway lighted by glowing balls of light. Jason followed the Tapper in the passageway to find it ended in cave. He looked around seeing the cave was lighted by glowing balls of light with in the middle was a familiar red thin root jutting from a tree trunk above. He sighed recognizing the area from his dreams of White Eyes his Father. Jason felt an object thrust into his hand he felt was a knife from the handle onto the area. He sighed softly and without a word saw Tappers gathered around in the cave in a semi circle coming from the passageway that stopped to stare at him silently not commenting with tapping. He frowned and without a word towards them went to the sacred tree's root. As if compelled grabbed a hold of the root to see images flash into his mind too fast for him to see but made him grimace. Jason saw clearly in his mind the reason for the sacred tree by the Tappers.
He thought as he focused onto the root while letting the images run through his mind "Figures that the Tappers have a sacred tree. Their dependant on its mental mind link to keep them linked together via mind including passing down information to future generations."
Jason without another word cut the root with a swipe of the knife to see it fall apart followed by a screeching sound of pain in Tappers' noises to him. He exhaled a breath as he dropped the knife seeing clearly in his mind on what to do next. He darted through the cave passageway unstopped by Tappers to dart towards the holey opening to find Tappers' arms there acting like ladders. He climbed on the hands and arms like a ladder while hearing them screeching. Jason darted out of the hole and ran ignoring screeching Tappers to the road to meet Ted with a motorcycle who tossed him a helmet. He climbed onto the motorcycle and jammed on the helmet then started up the thing gripping its handles in a fast move. Jason urged himself to hurry seeing the motorcycle was a standard police motorcycle that gave off police lights instead of the siren. He didn't care to hear the siren instead kept on driving the motorcycle to Sumerian forest. Jason wound up taking route to get to the city then to the Sumerian forest that was surrounded by the city's buildings overhead him. Once he reached the park's entrance vaulted off the motorcycle yanking off the helmet and dropped it. 
He darted into the area mentally yelling "The Tappers' sacred tree is cut! I did that job! So show me what tree to focus onto restoring the link!"
He heard in his mind unexpectedly as he cut his yelling "Just look up Suri. You'll find your answer."
Jason obeyed to spot towering above was a tree he heard mentally from the Samura "The whole forest is full of the sacred trees guarded by you Suri's city."
He didn't comment a response darted towards the towering tall tree to find it easily. At the bottom gathered around the roots were multiple Samuras digging away into the tree's root. Jason joined them digging with his hands despite they using claws to dig better than him. He sighed once a hole to the cave underground the sacred tree was formed and got grabbed to go inside which he obeyed. Jason fell into the cave seeing it lighted by glow balls and saw the sacred tree's root. He darted towards the root in a fast move and with his left hand wrapped it around the area in a tight ironclad grip. He grimaced as images within his mind ran through he sensed was going into the sacred tree restoring the link to the Tappers' minds. Jason felt the linking activated within Tappers by his senses blaring within him.
He sighed as he heard blared in his mind as he let go of the root "Tappers' link is restored. So you can come out now."
He obeyed to get pulled out of the cave by Tapper's hands grabbing him and yanking him through the hole. Jason eyed the Tapper who removed its hands from his arms to tap in code onto his chest he seeing the Samura not looking surprised by that. 
He translated "There's someone I want you to meet so follow me."
Jason frowned as the Tapper tapped its familiar code on the back of his head he sighing to speak "Tip?"
He got from Tip tapping onto his chest "Come follow me."
Jason obeyed and frowned as he was led out of the forest to the bus stop and got told "Take the bus out to Suri's campgrounds in Merida park. You'll be told on what to do there."
He obeyed to get onto the bus once it arrived to sit in a seat by himself to notice an older female Suria glaring at him with a glare. He sighed recognizing the glare to hold up his right hand where the ring was still there in her line of sight. Jason frowned as the old female without a word looked away to resume reading her book he saw from the looks of the computer pad in her hand. Jason sighed again finding himself the subject of repeated glares by Suri both male and female. He forced to show the ring on his right hand's middle finger in their direction whenever he noticed them glaring as the bus drove out of the city. 
He felt fed up with showing his ring concentrated out the window to see a sign saying "Merida park."
Jason got out of the bus once giving the bus stop signal by pulling onto the cord. He felt relieved to get off the bus to enter the campsite via entrance. He found was a forest entrance with multiple trees to feel the familiar tapping code on the back of his head.
Jason spoke loudly "Tip?"
He looked off his right to find a Tapper that tapped onto his arm he translated to himself "Take the route to Merida's cliff that is over a lake. There's a campsite there which there's someone there waiting for your arrival. Don't dawdle."
He frowned to find the Tapper gesturing a hand in a direction for him to take which he obeyed finding a path and followed it up a hill seemingly steep to him. He reached the hill's top to see an edge that appeared to fall into a lake when he looked peering over it. It made him grimace and shake his head which he looked away. He saw footprints in the ground made by Suri's shoes followed the path to meet an older Suria female that did a loud gasp seeing him. He eyed the female who halted from her walk with a frown that looked nervous seeing him. 
Jason spoke "I'm named Jason by a Tapper named Tip who raised me."
He frowned as the female appeared to shake her head followed by shutting her eyes and rubbing a hand on her forehead before removing the hand. He sighed softly seeing the female appear to compose herself who opened her eyes to stare at him with a scrutiny look he towering over her. 
Jason frowned as the female spoke "My name is Diana and I'm your Mother."
He gasped of shock hearing that from her who added "Your Father from the looks of you appears to be White Eyes and not by a male I thought was the Father. I have a reason for my scared reaction to seeing you. I warn you its pretty bad."
He sighed quitting his gasping to frown forming it on his face and kept his mouth shut as his Mother groaned he heard. He eyed his Mother who reached out a hand to touch his shoulder he not protesting from that touch's gesture copied her while looking down at her. He found the top of his Mother's head reached his chin from the looks of it who looked up staring at him in some scrutiny look. 
Jason spoke realizing why his Mother was scared of him before he introduced himself "My Father created me by force didn't he?"
He frowned to get his Mother gasping followed by a pained expression formed on her face with her eyes shut. 
Jason spoke making sure he sounded soothing "I already went through that ritual involving mating myself but this time it was willingly with the female I was paired to. I didn't find anything seriously wrong with the mating. I sort of let the female do what she wanted with me first willingly. Then after that I did what I wanted onto her before we both quit to sleep."
He frowned seeing his Mother's face remained its painful expression followed by she speaking "I admit it he was targeting me in some breeding way. I was put off by accepting him due to his eyes that are the same as yours. The eyes of your Father made me think of some negative term involving him not acceptable for breeding."
He spoke as she paused to rub a hand on her forehead "Didn't the Tappers tell you anything regarding this breeding match?"
Jason frowned eyeing his Mother who removed her hand and showed her eyes full of water in them.
She he heard spoke "The Tappers' said nothing about any breeding between White Eyes as your Father was called back then and with females. I sort of jumped to conclusions that they wouldn't approve and rejected your Father in some rude manner. He retaliated with you as the result."
Jason sighed as his Mother looked away while removing her hand from his shoulder to rub hands on her watery eyes. 
He embraced his Mother in some gentle hug move she not resisting while speaking "Mother."
He sighed as she clung to him in response to hear her giving off loud wailing noises of crying sounds. Jason kept himself still holding his Mother while gently rubbing her back as she buried her face onto his shoulder while still clinging to him seemingly lengthy. He eyed the sky as if drawn to find it was sunset to glimpse a campfire in a direction. 
He frowned eyeing his Mother who spoke while meeting his eyes "Come with me. Edie the male who I thought fathered you deserves to know of this."
Jason didn't comment a response wordlessly followed his Mother to the campfire where there was a gathering of seven Suris all older than him. He glimpsed Ted among them not looking surprised to see him. He heard gasps sounds from the Suri when they saw him.
Jason spoke firmly over the gasping "I'm named Jason by a Tapper named Tip who raised me."
He got "I knew it, Diana that the child wasn't mine from the looks of him!"
Jason exhaled a breath to find the speaker was one of the males he figured was Edie as his Mother called him.
He eyed Edie with a narrowed eyed glare in response to get from Diana "The mating was by force Edie. Don't you remember catching White Eyes mating with me via force? Don't you remember that you threw White Eyes off of me? I appeared to suffer injuries from the mating as in bleeding where he got himself inside me."
He eyed his Mother who he saw was glaring at Edie. Jason resumed looking at Edie with a frown who appeared to form a sheepish expression on his face.
Jason heard "White Eyes stung very painfully when he did that mating to me actually hence I bleeding. I thought he injured me with that forced mating. I didn't realize that something like carrying Jason would result from this. I assumed like you thought that he wasn't approved to be bred by the Tappers. They never said a comment on that towards me in question hence I jumped to conclusions and assumed that thought."
He kept his mouth shut while eyeing his Mother in response who added forming a glare on her face "Since the forced mating ritual happened I haven't been sleeping very well lately hence I appeared to be scared and upset. It was result of nightmares of dreaming of White Eyes repeatedly doing that forced mating ritual towards me with the memory of the pain still fresh in my mind. The dreams of force mating stopped once he was dead."
Jason sighed frowning forming it on his face while eyeing Ted as if drawn to see the male get up going towards his Mother and without a word placed a hand onto her shoulder. He saw other Suri followed Ted's example to surround her and him in bunched circles to placed hands on their shoulders. Jason felt his shoulder squeezed gently to find Edie had a hand on his shoulder who looked at him with a peaceful look on his face. He reached out a hand and gently touched Edie's shoulder and squeezed gently. Jason sighed as he and the Suri remained gathered for a lengthy time period he not caring how long it was till the sun's light disappeared showing the campfire and lights illuminating the campground. He sighed as Ted gave a loud ahem sound and broke the circle and the hold. 
He obeyed to get from Ted "Your staying with me in my tent. I have room for you. Besides your Mother and Edie needs to privately, work out the issue of White Eyes fathering you as by your eyes and face showing proof of that."
He didn't comment a response followed Ted to a tent and got inside to find another sleeping bag with a pillow inside waiting for him. Jason dreamed of walking in the forest of Merida park. 
He walked to the cliff and saw his Father walking towards his Mother speaking "I have come like I said I would. They can't stop me from doing my mission."
His Mother he saw marched up towards his Father, slapped him and yelled "I don’t like it when you grab me and throw us both into the lake! I'm sick and tired of that!"
His Father in response put a finger over his Mother's mouth cutting her talk to sense she's angry at him.
His Father over heard by Jason told his Mother "Ask Ted if he has any children and to do it in Tapper presence. Tappers will know if he’s lying and will point it out." 
His Father he saw gave a smile while eyeing his Mother before removing his hand and walked around Diana to edge of cliff then turned around folding arms. His Mother he saw disappeared from view, Jason walked towards his Father who without a word placed a hand on his shoulder he copying.
He spoke "Father."
Jason saw his Father's eyes shift from all white to Surian male blue who smiled at him.
He got from his Father "I can rest now."
Jason released his hand onto his Father who did the same and saw the male turn around to form white wings on his back along with clothes turning all white. He eyed his Father who flew up in the air towards a glowing cloud followed by the sunlight shining brighter and brighter blocking his view of the male. Jason felt a hand touching his shoulder shaking him as he squinted from the sunlight's glare. He felt himself still lying in the sleeping bag to feel a familiar tapping code onto his head.
He spoke "Tip?"
Jason got Tip tapping "Its morning. You've slept long enough so get up now."
"Alright" He spoke "I'll get up but there got to be something for me to eat."
He got in response "Tsk you and your Father share the same thing, an always bottomless stomach."
Jason groaned in response but got up from the sleeping bag and walked out of the tent to see the familiar Tapper waddling behind him towards the campfire. 
He got handed a package in grey color by Edie who spoke "Its food so eat up. You need your nourishment."
He sighed and ate after opening the package to find some kind of jammed into a bar version of cereal with some milky substance included in the middle. Jason heard silence from the others while sitting at campfire with Ted, his Mother and others. He eyed his Mother in response seeing her sitting next to Edie who had an arm around her shoulder she accepting the gesture. 
He watched his Mother warily who spoke "Ted do you have children?" 
Jason eyed Ted in response to get from him speaking "No not really why do you ask?"
He heard a loud squawk sound of a Tapper to see one standing behind him giving off a loud squawk slapping Ted on the face with its hands. 
Jason spoke "I got the impression from being raised by a Tapper that they know when you're lying. Their reaction to lies is always the same, as in slapping the person on the face. I still have a sore face from a Tapper doing that to me whenever catching me in a lie. Sorry for mentioning this but Ted lied according to the Tapper."
Ted he glared at with his eyes narrowed spoke "I fathered White Eyes." 
Jason heard gasping sounds from the group’s shock. 
He heard "Who's White Eyes’ Mother anyway? I'm getting that from a Tapper tapping it onto my back." 
He sighed hearing Edie's voice as Ted pointed a finger at an older female sitting across from him and spoke "Irina, is the Mother."
Jason eyed Irina he figured he'll call her who spoke "I protests to that talk due to having my baby carrier removed from a medical condition. I don't remember carrying this White Eyes as Ted claims I did."
Jason eyed Ted who spoke "Back then that I and Irina got in an argument about her refusing to breed children fathered by me. I got angry during the argument punched Irina knocking her out and forced mated with her in some sleeping status. When I pulled out White Eyes started growing fast inside Irina."
He shifted to eye Irina who was forming a glare on her face as Ted he heard kept talking "After White Eyes came out of Irina, Tappers came out of the bushes surrounding us and knocked me out. I woke up in hospital and told by Tapper that I had an operation to keep me from fathering any more children. Irina was according to Tapper told that a medical exam found a problem with her and she had her baby carrier removed to save her life."
He shifted to eye Ted in response who paused then spoke "Irina's reaction towards me is twin to Diana's reaction towards White Eyes. Both females used the excuse of our eyes as reason why they wouldn't mate with us. Irina thought the same thing towards me, Diana thought towards White Eyes. We both weren't approved for a mating as thought by both females said towards us. We both reacted negatively to being rejected and formed children in the result with different carrying statuses actually."
Jason spoke after a lengthy silence while eyeing Irina "What's so special about Ted's eyes to reject mating with him? His eyes looks normal to me anyway."
He glared eyeing Irina who noticed his glare spoke "Ted flaunted as habitually, some unnatural Surian like ability via eyes as in changing colors to sunlight color whenever he was furious with something. I did think the same think Diana thought towards White Eyes. I thought Ted wasn't approved for a breeding despite the Tappers not commenting on it. I never bothered to ask the Tappers on what they thought on breeding from Ted and a Suria."
Jason spoke "Mother, did you ask the Tappers about the breeding between my Father and Suria females?"
He heard the firmness of anger with his voice tone frowned folding his arms while straightening up his back. 
He heard "I made the same mistake Irina made. I didn't ask the Tappers on this matter. I just assumed by myself."
Jason sighed and unfolded his arms to relax his back while staring at the campfire seemingly lengthy hearing silence among the Suri gathered around there. He eyed Ted as if drawn to see the male get up going towards Irina to gently place a hand on her shoulder from behind her. 
Jason eyed Ted who kneeled next to Irina and appeared to be speaking he finding himself hearing "I'm sorry Irina for not honestly asking you why you rejected me for breeding and forcing this mating between us. The Tappers have claimed to figure out what resulted in the fast growth carrying status of White Eyes coming to exist. They have when asked refused to say what their claiming about instead have been evasive with the answer. They keep on dropping or changing the subject repeatedly whenever I bring it up. I figured it's just them being mysterious again as usual."
He sighed softly as Irina shifted her form to face Ted and saw her grab the male's cheeks to kiss him fully on the lips before breaking it off and hugging the Surian. He sensed movement to spot his Mother in a lip lock ritual with Edie ignored by others not bothering to look which he resumed staring at the campfire.
Jason felt the familiar tapping code onto the back of his head he translated "I want to talk to you alone so come with me now."
He obeyed sensing himself not noticed leaving or followed to follow the Tapper's hand to the bushes to find the Tapper standing on the cliff over the lake. 
Jason frowned as the Tapper tapped in code onto his chest "White Eyes, your Father's creation was Egyptia the planet we dub her, way of reminding us Tappers what we're supposed to be doing towards you Suri and Samura. We were in denial when White Eyes was born reminding us of that. We assumed that Ted the Surian would have more offspring that way. So we took out what makes Suria and Surian breed from both Irina and Ted. Egyptia being cunning got you created within this Suria female named Diana despite White Eyes already had what he creates offspring removed."
Jason exhaled a breath refraining from gasping of shock as the Tapper continued on tapping he translated to himself "Besides Edie doesn't know of this but when he was a youngling recently born, he was sick with some offspring's sickness you dub by this word of cancer. The sickness wrecked up his system enough to make it a problem for him to breed offspring through Suria after one mating was done onto them."
He grimaced forming it on his face as the Tapper ignored his facial expression continued on tapping "Egyptia, the planet is an actual living being entity that controls everything including what she expects from us living in her to do. Such as Egyptia seeing that she's treated appropriately including helping out with problems among us Tappers, Samura and you Suri. She helped out with a problem plaguing us and gave us an answer from you coming to existence."
Jason sighed to stop grimacing as the Tapper added "For you helping us with a problem I'll tell you where to find this female dubbing herself Luna. It's not her actual name anyway. Besides she's currently carrying at the moment from tests done onto her. You're the Father actually. Her name she uses among Surians is Luna, among Suria is Anna, and among her family is Andreea."
Jason frowned as he got "She's currently in Yorkville working at the counter for body ornaments dubbed jewelry in Bradlees' store. Besides she after mating with you asked for a transfer to back to her work place. She seems to have some kind of fear attitude towards Surians. That is mostly towards the one who fathered her who used some kind of strict method for controlling her and her Mother at the residence they currently live in. She needs to overcome her fear to stand up for herself and believe that she has a life with being paired towards a Surian something she's scared of."
He spoke as the Tapper paused "Anything on this Surian who fathered her knowing of she carrying?"
The Tapper he eyed in response tapped onto his chest "The Mother suspects of this carrying status hasn't said anything about it. This Suria, who is carrying your offspring is aware of this carrying status and hasn't been able to mention it to her Father due to fears towards him. Besides shouldn't you be going to Yorkville to get her?"
He sighed as the Tapper stopped its tapping to waddle away. 
He went to the campfire to hear loudly "Jason, I want my ring back."
Jason groaned softly hearing Ted's words as he without a word took off the ring and handed it towards Ted. 
Jason frowned seeing Ted slipped the ring onto his middle finger on his left hand and heard him added "Sorry, Jason I know how you hate the hood and vest but you still got to wear it anyway. The Tappers allowed me to go without that status after they flaunted that I was the reason why I saved their sacred tree from my son. I admit it I shot your Father, my son in the back hitting the beater organ with a handgun."
He hissed a breath loudly hearing that as Ted continued talking "I knew instantly when I met White Eyes for the first time in the campground as a full grown that he was my son I fathered through Irina. I sacrificed my son to save the Tappers' sacred tree something the Tappers themselves found honorable. They awarded me this status of going around without coverage marked by this ring on my finger of this heroism."
He again hissed loudly as Ted gave him a glare which he cut his hissing sounds to frown.
He heard from Ted "The Tappers told me they won't give this status to another male until I've fully been declared dead is when they'll do this again. The Tappers have admitted that they've been doing this status onto a male after the declaration of death is done onto this male they highlighted. It's when they will award this status onto another male and keep up doing this over and over. Besides Jason, see me in my tent now, I'm done explaining myself."
He frowned but obeyed to follow Ted into a tent to get the male picking up a familiar vest and hood making him groan loudly. He got a glare from Ted who thrust them both towards him which he put on.
Jason spoke "Bugger-"
He was interrupted by Ted clamping a hand over his mouth as he heard screeching sounds outside the tent sounding very loudly making him grimace. Jason narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at Ted as he heard the screeching stop to his relief. 
He glared at Ted who spoke "That word is what the Tappers' call their food source some insect that reportedly likes to land onto us for warmth while trying to hatch eggs in the process. The eggs attached to the skin and form nasty rashes that require surgery to take off. The Tappers are crazy for that insect enough to eat it off of us each time they catch it onto any one of us. Hence you feeling itchy all over which the lake is a breeding ground for that insect in question. The Tappers hanging around have figured out that the insect have been trying to land on us for egg hatchery hence they insisted that we keep on camping here. The Tappers are currently using us as a trap for their food source actually."
He removed Ted's hand which he spoke "I learned in school that it's not good to focus onto one food source for nutrition means."
He glared at Ted who spoke "Yes I'm aware of that. The Tappers are actually all over the place when it comes to gaining nutrition from this planetary world at the moment. They do cannibalize their dead. That includes eating our dead and only leave some members of our dead preserved for a time period before they get hungry enough to eat. I suspect is what their currently doing towards your Father and his body in question due to your existence." 
Jason gave up a loud harrumph in response as Ted added "So get going. You'll find the bus you took to get here leading to Yorkville. It'll take you to Bradlees' store vicinity so go now."
He groaned in response and walked out of the tent sensing Ted not following him to feel a Tapper touching him all over making him annoyed as he walked to the bus stop. He took the familiar route to the park's entrance to reach the bus stop. He kept his mouth in a thin line as the Tapper's hand was felt all over him including patting him all over he ignored to feel the touching stop. He folded his arms as he waited lengthy. 
Jason waited with arms folded after the Tapper tapped Tip's familiar tap off the back of his head he speaking "Tip?" 
He got from the Tapper tapping onto his back "Sorry overheard Ted's talk towards you. My touchy all over was trying to remove that bugger from sitting onto you in question. I managed to eat a good deal of them but had to smash some of them onto trees when I felt full. At least you from the feel don't seem to have any buggers stuck onto you at the moment."
He spoke as the bus roared came into view "Respects Tip."
Jason sighed having to use the Tapper way of saying 'Thank you.'
He waited as the bus stopped which he got aboard to sit noticing females ignoring him. The males he saw were looking at him with pity from their eyes seen via hoods. He ignored the pity looks to sit down in a seat next to a male that gave him a look of pity. Jason ignored looks aimed at him he figured was related to his all white eyed look as the bus drove on away from Merida park.

Guardian shifted to eye Egypt who was floating next to the Guardian of Life and Death with her wings flapping both appearing to ignore each other. He continued to eye the TV of Jason reaching Yorkville as the town was called and getting off the bus. He found Jason rang the doorbell of Luna's house he saw was tall and towering and appearing to look large to him. 
He recalled fully on going to Bradlees' plaza only to meet a Tapper than tapped an address onto his back and got told "It's where this Suria you favor lives and is currently at, at the moment."
Jason walked to the house finding it easily and went to the front door to ring the doorbell. He waited impatiently sensing himself spied on ignored the feeling. Jason heard a Patty a pet companion of Suri barking loudly off his left. He looked to spot a male holding a bag in hand while pulling on a leash of a Patty who was barking loudly. He frowned eyeing the male warily that was dressed into a fancy pants with a vest and a hood letting the Patty lead the way. Jason eyed the male he saw had Luna's facial appearance by the looks that was in a glaring expression despite the hood and vest on.
He figured to himself "Must be Luna's Father."
Jason heard "Catch!"
It broke him of his thought as Luna's Father threw a bag onto him he found its contents spewing out looking bloody and red to him. Jason grimaced as the stuff landed onto him all over the place and dripped off. He noticed the Patty barking wildly while doing lunges aimed at him. He gave Luna's Father a glare who released the Patty who made a beeline towards him with mouth showing fanged teeth open. 
He mentally spoke sounding firm towards the Patty "I'm not food for you to bite!"
Jason stood his ground making himself not afraid as the Patty reached him to lick its tongue onto his clothes licking away the red stuff in some hungry move. 
He glared at Luna's Father with his eyes narrowed as he spoke sounding firm "I came seeking Luna as she's known among males for a courtship and to enforce an issue. Her name is Andreea as she's known from you as her Father. I didn't ask for you to use me as food for your pet the Patty."
He folded his arms in a glaring stare aimed at Luna's Father as the Patty was felt continued on doing its licking all over his clothes ignoring his bare skin to his relief.
Jason kept the glare as Luna's Father spoke while clapping his hands "Lillypod come now!"
He found the Patty he assumed was named Lillypod obeying to reach the male to sit on Luna's Father's verbal order who took the leash before adding "You're not scared of Lillypod anyway. She habitually bites onto males seeking my daughter for a courtship. She never does licking unless it's toward me in question so explain your business here now."
Jason walked off the porch keeping his arms to the sides and spoke once reaching Luna's Father as the Patty was felt licking him again "I'm seeking to have a courtship with your daughter sir."
He clamped his mouth shut to get a glare aimed at him via Luna's Father who spoke "Lillypod bite!"
Jason spoke in a rush "Lillypod sit!"
He made sure his voice sounded firm to get Lillypod sitting on her haunches while panting away he heard as he kept the glare aimed at Luna's Father. 
He got from Luna's Father jabbing a finger aimed at him "Talk on the actual reason for the courtship now! You're hiding something!"
Jason spoke sounding firm "I suspect that she's carrying my child."
He got from Luna's Father another bite order towards him for the Patty which he spoke the sit command in a fast move in a firm voice tone. 
Jason kept the glare aimed at Luna's Father who again spoke "Lillypod bite!"
He spoke firmly "Lillypod sit!"
Jason eyed Luna's Father to hear a squealing sound from Lillypod he assumed was the source to find the Patty lying onto the ground on her back with legs up in the air. 
He glared at Luna's Father who tossed aside the leash and spoke "Bugger off now since you've gotten Lillypod upset! 
Jason spoke firmly while eyeing the male "Not without a word with your daughter on the issue of courting her."
He glared at Luna's Father who gave up a roaring sound of anger followed by the male charging towards him with hands' fisted. Jason recalled male children's reactions towards him growing up to react as taught by Tip was no reaction and remain firm He kept the teaching in mind while glaring at Luna's Father who reached him to grab his arm in a tight ironclad hold. Jason glared at Luna's Father as he felt a stinging prick of a pain in hand to see a syringe attached the area. 
He saw Luna's Father smiled a smirk who spoke he heard as dizziness arrived "That'll get rid of a freak like you with those creepy white eyes away from me and my family. Now take the road if you want medical help for the poison I injected into you. I'm not going to help you-"
Jason heard a screaming sound of a female's voice tone sounding familiar as the ground rose to meet him. He felt the grassed ground onto his cheek and sensed himself slipping away.
He heard just as darkness claimed him "He's Jason the one I'm talking about Daddy!"

Guardian shifted to stare at Egypt next to him ignoring him staring. He felt annoyance take hold he seeing the scene of Jason being drugged to continued on watching the TV. He found Jason came to feeling himself sick in his stomach groaned while putting hands onto the area he feeling himself only clad in his underwear and nothing else on his form. He felt himself on a bed that was on the large size as he felt pressure of a hand rubbing his forehead. He felt the hand wasn't Tapper like making him confused as he felt an object thrust over his mouth and realized what it was and what was causing his stomach pain. Jason willed himself to expel his stomach's contents finding himself throwing up into the expeller tube covering his mouth repeatedly. He threw up and threw up till his stomach quit its pain to sigh loudly removing his hands to thrust the expeller's device away from his mouth. He rolled over onto his back putting an arm over his eyes to hear a familiar barking sound of a Patty. 
Jason heard loudly "Lillypod sit!"
He frowned hearing the female voice speaking that sounded older than Luna's and seemed firm with the Patty. He felt the hand touching his forehead remove itself to his confusion.
Jason heard loudly "Hmph Daddy, your terrible with Jason based on his appearance. How many times much I tell you about how Jason came to existence? I got that story straight from a Tapper who told me everything regarding his parentage. Don't you dare treat Jason nasty due to his eyes. It's not nice!"
He sighed softly recognizing Luna's voice tone to hear groaning sounds of a male voice tone followed by "Groan moan all you want Daddy! He's still the Father of my child I'm carrying. Besides he treated me appropriately when it came to our mating. He let me have my way with him first followed by him doing the same treatment towards me after I was done with him. That's what impressed me about Jason, Daddy. Besides didn't you say some twin story of letting Mother doing this mating onto you first just to show that you wanted her more than just for breeding?"
Jason removed his arm opening his eyes to find Luna standing next to the bed he was lying on she glaring at a familiar male by the face who had all white short hair. He frowned eyeing the male to find Luna's Mother he assumed was her by her all grey long hair that gave Luna's Father a glare. 
He eyed Luna's Father as he heard from Luna's Mother "Answer our daughter on this talk now, Martin!"
Jason kept his mouth in a thin line with eyes narrowed at Martin he assumed he'll call him who spoke "Letty, I hate it when you use that name of Martin to people. Use the name of Mars, Letty my dear."
He eyed Martin in response as Letty he assumed was her name heard "Some husband you're turning out to be with this balking to talk on the subject I insisted you speak on now!"
Jason kept his mouth shut as Martin was heard groaning out "Alright I did what Andreea mentioned this Jason of hers' did towards her mating wise. It was just to show I was serious on having you, Letty as my wife than used for breeding like its common among such pairing."
He eyed Letty to see her jab a finger towards an open door and heard "Take this Patty out now! Go for a walk while you're at it! I don't want to see you and Lilly for awhile! I'm furious at you for this poisoning stunt you played onto Andreea's Jason based off his eyes! Get out now!"
He saw Letty kept her finger aimed at the open door to see Martin's form slump over followed by he speaking "Lillypod, come."
Jason glimpsed the Patty with tail wagging following Martin out of the room as Letty he saw slammed the open door shut with a loud bang sound. He grimaced from the noises as he eyed Letty to refrain from showing an expression on his face. 
He kept his mouth in a thin line with eyes narrowed as Letty spoke "That nerve of that man. I don't know how I withstand him chasing suitors away from you, Andreea. The latest stunt he pulled have me furious with him. I'm just furious enough to kick him out of the house for awhile."
Jason kept his mouth shut in response as Letty he eyed disappeared through another open doorway he hearing water running sounds to frown thinking "What's she's doing?"
He eyed Andreea he assumed he'll call her instead of the Luna name who threw herself onto him to kiss him fully onto the lips. He kissed Andreea back keeping his hands to himself. 
Jason figured to himself "I think since I'm in Andreea's house it's her way regarding mating rituals done. I'm not doing anything towards her unless she says so."

Part Two: Point of Origin

Guardian kept on watching as if compelled Luna and Jason get into a mating ritual with clothes adjusted. He kept on watching finding them both ignoring Letty her mother in the room appearing to be cleaning up clothes left scattered on the floor. He frowned as the scene changed to show Ryder Hawks flying in the air from the tallest tree of the Elizabethan town's forest and flying over the ocean. He kept on watching as if drawn to find one of the Ryder Hawks was carrying a male reminding him of Nikolas his father appearing to be Hades finding they were following a plane flying in the air. He found the plane landed in a dirt airport followed by Owen appearing to look younger with short blonde hair meeting the plane's inhabitants and finding one of them was a Columbian female he figured was Owen's wife. Guardian kept on watching as the Ryder Hawks brought a male onto Mahalia he found was twin to Nikolai's appearance he not sure if it was Nikolai or Jinks O'Neil. He kept on watching as Nikolai he figured was him got into a city into a hotel room using Source powers to get inside. Nikolas his father without the Hades suit wearing Egyptian's suit arrived into the hallway knocking onto a door in a code of knocks of three. He found the door opened by a female wearing a dress with breasts nearly hanging out. 
Nikolas licked his lips and walked into the room shutting the door while speaking "So show me more of what you said you would show me."
Nikolas eyed the female who spoke "The name is Victoria Lynn and that's all you'll know of me so strip and show yourself now. I'm not doing it if you won't."
Nikolas spoke in response "You do know of this hand game of scissors cut?"
Victoria Lynn rolled her eyes and spoke "Yes I do know of it. Don't drop the subject now Nikolas."
Nikolas wound up speaking "Loser has to strip an article of their clothing one at a time."
Victoria Lynn spoke "Hmph. I'm not playing if you remove your jacket. You have more clothes than I do."
He spoke as he removed his jacket to sling it over the chair "Winner decides what article of clothing gets taken off."
Guardian found his Father and his mother playing the game till it ended when Victoria Lynn had to remove her private's panty that was covering her privates and seat. He frowned finding his Father removing his underwear shorts baring himself and looking like he was on the large size with his body form. 
He frowned as Nikolas spoke "Be prepared to be pleasured."
Guardian watched with ranges of emotions on his face as his Father and his Mother proceeded to touch and lick each other all over not sparing the sensitive parts and privates. He found Nikolas had an enough and was soon thrusting inside Victoria Lynn while running hands on her nipples from both lying on the bed his father on top.
He heard "Nikolas be careful with the boobs. Their implants. Don't pop them with your pawing."
Guardian frowned finding Nikolas put hands onto Victoria Lynn's back and resumed doing the thrusting inside her while hearing his Mother moan out "You're good."
He heard the comment spoken repeatedly over and over till Nikolas gave up a loud roar and collapsed onto Victoria Lynn before pulling out and lying onto his back with an arm covering his eyes. 
He frowned as Victoria Lynn spoke "Can't you do something about my life in Mahalia? I don't want to be stuck in this hotel room forever."
Nikolas looked at her and spoke "I'll do what you ask if you provided me with an offspring a son an heir to the throne to take over for me."
Victoria Lynn spoke in response "Oh go back to your miserable excuse of a wife now you foolish idiot."
Nikolas got up without a word and put on his clothes and spoke "Provide me with the son and I'll be in your debt forever for as long as I rule Mahalia."
He got Victoria Lynn tossing him a pillow which he caught followed by the male dropping the pillow and walking out of the room slamming the door with a bang sound. 
He eyed Victoria Lynn who snarled "The nerve of that idiotic king."
Guardian continued to watch as Victoria Lynn picked up a phone book and was looking through it before stopping at a desired page and dialing a number. 
"ABC Pizza" He heard on the phone line as Victoria Lynn spoke "I order food to be brought to my hotel room with the hotel Lancelot to pay the bill." 
He found the scene shifted to show Victoria Lynn sitting in a bathroom next to the toilet and looking pale like she was sick. He frowned as Victoria Lynn threw up into the toilet while she was clad in a bathrobe wrapped around her form still thin and not with child. Victoria Lynn continued to throw up repeatedly then the scene changed to show her in a jail cell looking pregnant but not that heavily to him. 
He found a cop a female coming into view speaking "Come with me now. I want to show you where you can have something to do other than trying to beg for money from people using your pregnant status as a has been actress."
Victoria Lynn looked sick to him who didn't say a word in response followed the female cop out to the familiar bar to Shea's to meet the familiar owner looking younger this time. 
Shea spoke once at meeting "Yes I think she'll do as the bartender. I've been meaning to hire pregnant females to help out this establishment as females only. You're hired and your name as I will refer you will be Sparkette."
Guardian gave up a loud gasp of shock hearing that as Victoria Lynn got her hair cut into Sparkette's familiar style and familiar uniform despite her bulging pregnancy stomach seen. He exhaled a breath as the scene focused onto Sparkette he figured he'll refer her getting hugely pregnant with him while lying in bed of her seedy apartment and groaning loudly while seeing she was birthing him. He kept on watching as himself was born alone with no help no midwife and Sparkette doing the pulling him out by herself before collapsing onto the seedy lumpy mattress and appearing to be faint unconscious. Guardian heard banging sounds onto the door sounding in a firm insisting tone to find Sparkette waking up and going to the door while leaving him lying on the bed wailing away. 
He kept on watching with annoyance as Sparkette got the door open a crack to find Verona the midwife there speaking "You had the baby. So hand the baby over now. I'll give it a better life than this disgusting life you're living at, at the moment bitch."
Sparkette in response spoke "Excuse me."
He found her slamming the door to undo the chain and thrusting the door wide while speaking "Baby's on the bed. I just birth it."
Verona went to the baby he saw and appeared to give him a through check up he finding himself having a mop of black hair on his head and intense blue eyes he recalled was twin to his Father's despite the male looking like his were black. He continued to watch as Sparkette slammed the door with a bang sound to find Verona looking at her with a golden eyed glare. 
Sparkette spoke "The baby's father is Nikolas Visser himself."
He found Verona speaking "So? Good riddance."
Guardian heard the sarcasm of Verona's voice tone focused onto Sparkette who held up a bottle he seeing labeled "Guard Beers" and spoke "Just call him Guard Beers. I'll know he's mine when I meet him and he using that name in my face."
Verona picked up the baby and without a word towards Sparkette left the apartment slamming the door with a bang sound. He saw Sparkette grimace from the bang noise but went to the refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of Guard Beers and opened it and then gulped it down before going back to bed and lying down still clutching the beer bottle in hand. He found her going to sleep in response only to wake up when there was a door knocking sound heard in an insisting tone. Sparkette woke up groaning with acting like a headache hurting her got up going to the door to yank open finding a familiar male he recognized as the first Warwick there, looking younger with a grim look on his face. 
Warwick spoke "Can I come in? I have news on Guard Beers."
Sparkette obeyed to let Warwick inside followed by shutting the door softly and going to the refrigerator of the one room apartment to pull out a bag of peas to put onto her forehead. 
Warwick cleared his throat speaking "You sick or something?"
Sparkette spoke in response "I just have a headache. So talk on what's going on with my son since you mentioned his name to me."
Warwick spoke in response "He's his Majesty's son. Tests results say its positive match as him as the Father."
Sparkette spoke "Didn't his Majesty say something about doing anything for me if I provided him with a son?"
Warwick cleared his throat and spoke "His Majesty said he'll fully pay for your rent of this residence just to keep you out the snares of this Jimo jerk using residents to break the law and sexual favors. Don't ask His Majesty for anything else. He's treading a fine line seen in an unfavorable light by the public at the moment who's thinking of removing him from his throne at any slightest mistake he does."
Sparkette spoke in response "So carrying my son was nothing but a mistake-"
Warwick interrupted "His wife wound up carrying another male's offspring which the mating was recorded she appearing to going along with it with this unknown male at the moment. Besides His Majesty told me to admit that his wife's carrying Olga resulted into her being sick a lot with lots of bed rest. I'm surprised that you got the better end of the deal involving pregnancies."
Sparkette removed the bag of peas and spoke in response "I wasn't spared of being sick myself. It took me a great deal of effort to do this stupid bartending job being on my feet for hours while carrying Guard Beers and refraining from drinking despite tempted. I had to do this job even while I was feeling like I wanted to drop into bed and lie there resting my poor feet. My feet wound up swollen enough to cause me problems to get into my shoes. Don't tell me I had the better end of the deal involving pregnancies. I was sick a lot myself."
He heard a beep sound to find Warwick speaking "That's my cue for times up for me. I'll contact you when it's appropriate."
Guardian watched as Warwick left the apartment shutting the door to find Sparkette locking it behind him and going back to bed to lie down while rubbing her forehead and speaking "The nerve of that idiot Nikolas. One of these days Hades will get a hold of him and teach him a lesson. My son will be crowned king in his place I'll see to it."
He found Sparkette groaning while lying in bed to realize with a start that her mind was being scanned by the Meritanians while she was suffering a headache from the mind scanning. He exhaled a breath to continue to watch as the scene changed to show an older Sparkette he saw from the bar walking into her apartment only to get a cloth covering her mouth and going unconscious from the looks of it. He kept on watching as Sparkette's unconscious form was hauled out of the apartment into the back of a sedan's trunk with black tinted windows and looking sinister to him making him nervous. Guardian continued to watch as if compelled as the sinister sedan drove away, away from the building and reached an airport to enter a building where he saw Nikolai's plane was seated. He found Sparkette taken out of the trunk she awake and swearing wording that sounded confusing to him. 
Sparkette wound up forced into the plane to meet Nikolai seated in a chair speaking "Hello Andreea."
Sparkette in response gave up a spit sound while looking furious only to get from Nikolai speaking "Your Nikolas is dead died in a plane accident. I just saved your life from the machinations of his wife Queen Svetlana who's been seeking you to have you dead."
Nikolai added "I'm Nikolai-"
He was interrupted "I know who you are. Bastard son of Charles Crimson the developer living in Megiddo who doesn't seem to care anything about nature but his own money gain in question."
Nikolai spoke in response "Interesting that you would call me a bastard since your own son is a bastard himself hmm?"
Sparkette got thrust to kneel who gave Nikolai a glare in response to find the male speaking loudly "Tell the pilot to get clearance to take off now. I don't give a damn if Nikolas's plane is having trouble. I want off of Mahalia and back onto Megiddo now immediately."
Nikolai got handed a cup full of brown liquid by a sexy clad in lingerie female to sip the drink in front of Sparkette who looked around the room finding it didn't have windows and appeared to not indicate anything of plane moving. 
Sparkette spoke in response "I'm not doing any sexual favors towards you."
Nikolai in response chuckled a sound and spoke after a lengthy sip "Actually I have something in mind for you Andreea Luna-"
"How did you know my name?" He was interrupted by Sparkette glaring at him with a glare. 
Nikolai kept on sipping and spoke during a pause of sipping "I have my ways of knowing things Miss Luna. Such as your stage name is Victoria Lynn as known on Columbia but in Mahalia its Sparkette while your served that dead end bartending job and not able to get any acting jobs in question. Am I right in that hmm?"
Sparkette gave up a loud Hmph sound in response to get from Nikolai speaking "Don't you remember that stupid pizza boy you didn't tip for giving you pizza once you had that sexual romp with His Majesty Nikolas himself?"
Guardian found the scene changing to show Sparkette looking younger in her Victoria Lynn persona answering the door after hearing a knocking sound to get Nikolai disguised as the pizza boy carrying her pizza via box entering the room and placing it onto the table. He found Nikolai as the pizza boy clearing his throat and removing the hat while letting his hair tumble down getting Sparkette giving off her familiar language words in an angry voice tone and thrusting a finger at the door that was open. 
Nikolai as the pizza boy in response spoke "Tsk such language Miss Luna. You can't get rid of me easily as you hoped so spill it why you reek of another male's cologne onto you."
Sparkette as Victoria Lynn spoke "It's none of your business Nikolai. So get out now. Leave me in peace to eat. I'm hungry."
Sparkette went to the pizza box to open it up while giving a loud gasp sound and thrust the box's lid shut and speaking while facing Nikolai "You son of a bitch!"
Nikolai spoke in response "I owe you a favor Miss Luna and I intend to pay back my favors. So get onto the bed and wait while I call for my personal physician to attend to this procedure in question."
Sparkette gave up a loud Hmph sound in response and got onto the bed lying onto it as Nikolai went to the phone speaking in Meg's language "Everything is set now. Sent the proper people up to this room immediately."
He watched as Nikolai went to the pizza box to open it lifting up a syringe showing it had various medical devices onto it and speaking "Nighty night Miss Luna."
Guardian frowned as Sparkette rolled her sleeve and got injected with the syringe into it by Nikolai followed by the male stripping himself of the pizza boy's uniform to show his familiar black uniform and waited seemingly lengthy as the female fell unconscious. He saw paramedics arrive into the room and proceeded to strip Sparkette of her bathrobe and appeared to be waving scanners over her abdomen area while injecting various needles into the area. The sun was seen rising then setting followed by the room scene again to show Sparkette in the bathroom throwing up in the toilet while still clad in her bathrobe. 
He watched as Nikolai came into view to rub a hand onto her back followed by she speaking "This better be worth carrying him. I don't like the joke of tricking that idiot into thinking it's his own son I'm carrying but some medical experimental baby to come to existence."
Guardian gasped hearing Sparkette's words to find her throwing up again followed by Nikolai speaking "Medical experiment isn't what he is. He's Nikolas's son actually and he always will be including yours as well. You get what you want a piece of Nikolas and he gets what he wants a son to take over his throne."
He exhaled a breath as Sparkette spoke during a break of throwing up "Some piece he's turned out to be. I do hope he's not turning out to make me sick in bed a lot. I heard awful things regarding that bitch wife of his carrying his daughter Olga making her sick in bed."
Nikolai spoke "Don't worry about the bitch as you refer her. I'll handle her. Leave her to me. Just worry about carrying the son inside you."
Sparkette spoke once looking at Nikolai "Too bad I can't drink my favorite beer Guard Beers. It's forbidden for carrying females to drink anything beer wise."
Nikolai spoke while rubbing a hand over hear forehead he showing he had the Source in control "You'll get your drink Miss Luna. Don't worry. You won't remember this till we meet again when it appropriate."

Guardian found the scene changing to show Sparkette in the present day gasping while eyeing Nikolai she speaking "You bastard! Now I remember what you did to me!"
Nikolai spoke "Interesting insult Miss Luna. Now spare me the insults Andreea."
He frowned as the scene changed to focused onto himself seen entering a helicopter it getting up into the air flying over a city he recognized. He found the helicopter flying low over the ocean to drop a bagged object appearing to be an Egyptian sized wearing a mask onto it then flew over the city. He found the helicopter burst into an eater fire and collapsing onto the road followed by bursting into another fireball that exploded. Guardian continued to watch as if drawn to find Megs diving into the water fighting Knivers for the bagged object lying onto the ocean floor. He found a familiar ship coming into view that sucked Knivers finding the bagged object was freed of the bag showing an Egyptian male with a thin muscular form and skin looking red and bloody looking to him. He kept on watching as Megs got the Egyptian male aboard a canoe and paddled away as the ship sucking Knivers went away. Guardian continued to watch as the canoe reached a helicopter flying above to find the male put aboard it and grimaced seeing his skin was gone from his form leaving nothing but redness. He kept on grimacing as the male was put into a suit of plastic clothes then flew out of Mahalia appearing to fly to Megiddo which it landed aboard one of Mahalia's warships he finding a Columbian flag on its pole. Guardian kept on watching as the male was transported to a water tube with body thrust inside filled with pinkness and green light shining. The male's body got coated with pinkness stuff appearing to look like snow to him. Then the male's body was thrust out followed by transported to an operating room which he saw the man's brain taken out along with spinal cord and placed into a body he recognized to belong to Robert O'Neil. Guardian exhaled a breath seeing that as he figured that the male's body showing no skin was himself. He kept on watching as the scene continued to focused onto his own body to see the pinkness on his body formed into skin followed by another operation of his brain and spinal cord placed back into his own body. He frowned as his skin was formed but looked like his body was thin and not muscular to him. Guardian continued to watch with a frown showing himself waking up repeatedly despite wearing an oxygen mask and told to sleep by Eli the computer. He found his skin healed itself but his body was still looking thin and not so muscular. His body was thrust out followed by placed onto a bed and injected needles all over the place while seeing medical personal place paddles onto his chest appearing to restart his heart. 
He heard voices speaking "We got a heartbeat! He's coming around! Stay with us now!"
Guardian found the TV monitor went black to focus onto the Guardian of Life and Death in response to find Egypt floating behind the male with a finger to her lips. He frowned while eyeing the Guardian of Life and Death who held up a black gloved hand to grunt as he saw a ball of light come out of his chest to reach the male's hand. He found the Guardian of Life and Death putting the ball onto a scale and adjusted it to be equal and let go. 
He eyed the scale to see Egypt floating nearby to hear "Egypt don't you dare manipulate the scale. I know your here hiding."
Guardian exhaled a breath to eye the scale as if drawn to hear a loud shrieking sound sounding familiar to him like he heard it before to hear "I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you with my scale on your life."
He didn't say a word in response as the scale tipped over onto one side followed by darkness arriving to his eyesight then nothingness surrounding him.

Part Three: Verdict

Guardian came to find himself lying on sand still wearing gonoid skin clothing that is twin to Eric's from the feel of it. He wound up feeling fine like he wasn’t burned got up to discover he’s in a desert. Guardian saw a flash of light above him to spot in the endless moving cloudy sky was a round metal gate with white light in it. He frowned staring at the gate as he felt himself moving towards a direction as if drawn. Guardian looked down at the horizon seeing nothing in his view as he continued to walk feeling himself drawn to walk in that direction. He continued to walk till a figure appearing to have a gonoid head he recognized as Anubis and an Egyptian like muscular body is standing in his view while wearing a white skirt. He walked up to Anubis and found himself walking around the gonoid head figure only to feel his arm grabbed by his clawed hand. 
He stared at Anubis who spoke a comment of “Never mind, carry on.” 
Before releasing him to turn facing the direction he came. Guardian felt confused felt himself still drawn continued to walk to discover a stone arch. He walked through to discover it led to a stone city where there are people he saw are manoid versions of Egyptia's gonoids that stare at him with narrowed eyed looks. He continued to walk taking a path through the stone city while being escorted on both sides by races walking away from him that appear to be following him walking in the city. He reached a large courtyard to see a metal gate arch like the TV monitor sitting in a wall with a chair in front of it and three steps in front of it. He stood waiting as the gate flashes showing a figure wearing a mask of the Sun with glowing golden eyes and body in a male form covered in a white loose robe and black gloves on the hands and feet hidden walked out. The male is followed by two, a male and female wearing blue jumpsuits holding knife staff in their hands that have Mahalian looks in their faces despite pointed ears. He frowned as the figure with the mask sat in the chair and the Mahalians he assumed was they despite their ears flank the male on both sides. 
He stood waiting as he heard a male voice sounding odd speaking "The Humanian in front of us isn't a Humanian but a Destroyer a race of Assassins who worship Lance Richard as their Deity Lord."
He frowned hearing that while hearing the mutters of the ruler's words echoed among the others surrounding him in a semi circle while feeling that the ruler was talking about him. He felt confused about the ruler saying that he’s not what he is despite he lived a life as a Egyptian. 
He again heard the Pharaoh speak "The Destroyer is to be put to work among the Surrai carving the God statue Amen Ra in the mountain wall."
Guardian saw what the ruler is talking about saw the mountain wall appear to be made out of hard stone and the Surrai are manoid like Egyptians with golden eyes and clawed hands that are being used to hack at the wall with very slow effort. He found its due the wall being not that easily carved. He saw that the Surrai’s efforts are in vain for their not making any progress. 
He got a little frustrated when he discovered that the Surrai wasn’t listening to anyone telling them "You should give up carving the statue for it’s a waste of time." 
Guardian got roped by some races bullying him with threats "I'll use you as a punching bag if you don't bother to haul water in two large sized heavy buckets by handles to a well in one part of the city and hauling it to the Surrai who would drink from it from their hands while still doing their work." 
Guardian found that he didn’t get a break from doing the water hauling for one Surrai would drink up all of one bucket’s contents leaving it empty and he would have to go to the well repeatedly to fill in the buckets. Guardian discovered that the Surrai quit doing their work when the sunlight gets dim and watched them go into the ground leaving white stalks sticking out. He found that he has to sleep on the ground for no one has bothered to give him shelter or a bed for him to sleep on. He dreamed of Egypt with a feminine form of a female Egyptian standing on an icy cliff looking sad by the face while clad in purple robes. Then dream ended as Guardian got waken up by a foot connecting to his stomach and saw the Surrai are out of the ground with the sun light slowly becoming brighter. 
He wound up ordered "You're to get water for us Surrai now!"
He protested "You're work on the mountain wall is useless." 
Guardian wounded up being knocked to the ground hitting his head on the stone floor and feeling dizzy enough to shut his eyes only to open them due to being kicked at repeatedly by multiple Surrai while feeling himself sore from their feet hitting him. He got pained all over to groan loudly then the Surrai stop and go into the ground which he discovered that they’ve been kicking him all day and its sunset. Guardian lied on the ground to shut his eyes only to find that sleep won’t come to him. He lied on the ground still in pain as the image of the sad Egypt flashes in his mind. He finally shuts his eyes forcing himself to sleep only to feel himself kicked again all over by multiple Surrai which woke him up and made him suffer pain again. He found that they’ve been kicking him all day again by them leaving him and going into the ground and discovered that sleep still won’t come to him despite feeling pain all over and felt that he can’t get up from the ground due to some compulsion to lie on the ground. 

Guardian loses track of days the Surrai kick him repeatedly all day followed by them quitting to go underground. He found that he can’t sleep no matter how he tried at night followed by still compelled to lie on the ground with the night healing him of his pain till he’s better in the morning. Guardian continued to suffers pain from the Surrai again repeating their kicking which they would do all day till quitting at night time. Guardian found his voice has been cut off whenever he tried to talk during the Surrai kicking him and found that his voice comes back at night leaving him crying for help to stop the suffering he’s receiving. Guardian loses hope of ever stopping his suffering after too many days of this repeats over and over starts crying mentally and at night for Egypt to stop his suffering. 
He kept on begging "I’ll do anything to stop the suffering I'm receiving." 
Guardian continued during the suffering to plead "I'm apologizing for my crimes and wanted to make up for them and will do anything just to stop suffering from my torture." 
He one night after Surrai stop kicking him finds himself too numb to plead for help spoke "If my suffering was payment for my crimes then I have accepted it and will keep on taking it." 
Guardian felt sleepiness shuts his eyes passing out unconscious to wake up feeling himself better. Its daylight with the sun high in the sky with Surrai standing around appearing to be arguing with each other on whether to touch him in an attempt to wake him up after one of them knocked him to the ground knocking him out cold. Guardian discovered that his suffering was a dream remembered his words he said while suffering in the dream.
Guardian frowned wondering "What bargain I made to end the dream and what price I’ll pay for my crimes?" 
He got up to stare at the Surrai who looked irritated as he heard one speak “I had it with clawing the wall for its ruining my claws. I’m not making any progress with the carving.” 
Guardian heard the other Surrai echo the male’s words in agreement followed by them walking away scattering in different directions. Guardian felt himself lost wandered around the city while glared at by the races who acted threatening towards him with their hands in fists whenever he went near them. He found the courtyard again and felt that he couldn’t walk more than too many footsteps from the steps due to some invisible wall blocking him from walking any further. Guardian found himself camping out in the courtyard alone for three suns ignored by the races till there’s a horn sounding its sounds. He stood as the races arrive to stand in a semi circle around him in the courtyard as the Pharaoh he assumed he’ll call him arrived with his familiar guards. 
He stood as the Pharaoh spoke “You Destroyer Assassin walk through the gate now.”
Guardian obeyed walking pass the Pharaoh to the gate while getting an image of a place in his mind which he entered the gate. He found himself walking out of another gate to face the Guardian of Life and Death he eyeing the scale that was tipping back and forth refusing to settle onto one end. He frowned while eyeing the Guardian of Life and Death warily to find Egypt floating in the room above the scale and was appearing to use her wings to make it tip back and forth by how heavy her wings were flapping in a blurring speed move. Guardian exhaled a breath and didn't say a word as the Guardian of Life and Death shifted from looking at him to eye the scale with all white eyes narrowed. 
He frowned as he heard "Egypt I should have known that you would play this joke onto this Victor you're favoring at the moment. Quite the joke now and let the scales settle to determine his fate. He'll be judged like anyone else will be. I as Death don't make any favors towards anyone. So stop it now Egypt."
Guardian eyed Egypt warily to find her putting a finger to her lips as she flapped backwards out of his eyesight. He focused onto the scale to find one end going down and the other end rising up in a fast move. He heard a roar from the Guardian of Life and Death sounding of a familiar roaring noise to him. It made him confused hearing the roaring to feel a heaviness hitting his body as he felt something like a light was blaring into his eyes. He heard the familiar roaring noise that he recalled was Meg's language spoken in a shouting tone continued to focus onto the sound using it to pull him further away. Guardian kept on focused onto the voice he recognized belonged to Nikolai and kept on clinging to the voice sounding furiously angry. 
He heard "We got a heartbeat! He's pulling through! He's taking in oxygen! Sir! Remove yourself now while we work on him!"
Guardian heard nothing more from Nikolai but felt the heaviness arriving to him indicating his body was feeling deadweight to him. He felt himself gulping in oxygen via mouth continued to breathe deeply. 
He flinched from the glare of lights shining onto his eyes only to feel a hand keeping them open followed by hearing "Victor if you hear me move one of your feet now."
Guardian felt the deadweight remove itself to feel his feet which he obeyed to flick it back and forth while feeling his other foot doing it. 
He felt the light removed itself from his eyes to groan loudly as he heard again from the voice "Squeeze my hand."
Guardian felt a hand gloved holding his hand obeyed and got the same twin order to his other hand. 
He grunted feeling himself sore all over and in pain groaned loudly only to hear "Don't worry the pain will go away, Victor. Just concentrate on living now."
Guardian obeyed to grunt feeling a hand patting his cheek followed by hearing "Open your eyes now!"
He found the voice belonged to Nikolai forced open his eyes despite the glare of lights shining onto them. He squinted to focus onto Nikolai leaning over him lying on the bed he felt who's hand was patting his cheek. 
Guardian felt an oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose area focused onto Nikolai who held up two fingers and spoke "Make your hand twin to my hand and hold it up to my eyesight now."
He obeyed grunting of pain to see relief form in Nikolai's eyes as the male got his arm grabbed by a nurse speaking "Nothing more you can do here Sir. Leave the patient to rest from his trauma."
Guardian frowned as Nikolai gave up a loud roar sounding of the Guardian of Life and Death's voice to him. He eyed Nikolai who gave him an all white eyed glare and jabbing a finger aimed at him before shaking the look away and walking away making him gulp. 
Guardian didn't say a word in response as he thought to himself "I got to live again despite Death not happy."
He focused onto the nurses and doctors attending to him till he felt sleepiness to hear within his mind "Go to sleep smarty. You need the rest."
Guardian sighed hearing Tut's familiar voice blaring in his mind shut his eyes to pass out unconscious only to find himself back at the dark ocean standing in the water. 
He frowned as the Guardian of Life and Death arrived snarling "Egypt! What's so special about this Victor that you're desperate to keep alive at all costs?! He insults me by baring my own face and using my own name of Guardian as his own name! I won't stand being insulted by this Egyptian creation of yours! One way or the other I will have him judged dead to have his light extinguished on a permanent basis! I won't stand this insult you are doing to me!"
Guardian found himself back in bed breathing onto his own while feeling a paw of a cat swatting his face repeatedly. He jerked open his eyes to find the cat an orange ball of fur seated onto his front that removed the paw and gave up an ear splitting meow in a loud tone that sounded annoyed to him. 
He frowned as the cat was removed by Nikolai who spoke "Damn cat for doing that!"
He eyed Nikolai that got the cat out of the room and came back minus the gonoid to stand with arms folded an all black eyed glare aimed at him. 
Guardian gulped hearing Nikolai's familiar beep noise followed by the male's creepy voice speaking "I'm surprised that you're clueless to why I'm here Victor, judging by the looks of your facial expression."
He sighed softly and frowned as Nikolai willed aside the Source to his relief and spoke after another beep sound was heard "You're not a joke like your Mother made you out to be giving you that name of Guard Beers after some alcoholic drink she favored. She thought of the name of Guard Beers as a joke actually."
He hissed out a breath to get Nikolai glaring at him which he spoke "What happened to me anyway?"
Nikolai he stared at spoke "Argh. A medical procedure an old one was done onto you just to give you your muscular strength and looks restored. It was done onto myself and Robert with no terrible results of talking to the Guardian of Life and Death like what happened to you anyway."
Guardian grunted in response as he felt something hitting his stomach as he eyed Nikolai. He kept up the grunting to feel something was hitting him in the stomach feeling like a fist repeatedly over and over. He looked away towards his stomach only to feel something like a fist connect with his cheek keeping his head from looking. Guardian felt pain arriving from the punching as Nikolai faded from view along with the hospital room. He found his arms chained up into a raised position along with feet on tiptoes as he felt the fisting continued. Guardian shook his head of the fisting to focus onto the hand's owner finding it was the Guardian of Life and Death fisting him. He gave the Guardian of Life and Death a glare in response who halted the fisting.
He spoke "Bastard couldn't let me go didn't you?"
Guardian glared at the Guardian of Life and Death in response who spoke "One way or the other I will have your light extinguished with your insulting presence-"
He spat out a few mouthfuls of blood onto the Guardian of Life of Death's face interrupting the male who wiped it away with a black gloved clad hand. 
"Interesting" He got from the Guardian of Life and Death. "Twin reaction to me from the Father that spawned this insulting Egyptian that Egypt herself seems to favor too much. Too bad Osiris got an ironclad hold onto the Father enough to make him his vessel dubbing himself by the name of Hades. Odd name, not even sure of why he prefers that to Osiris despite being the God of the Underworld."
Guardian didn't say a word in response only gave up another bloody spit onto the Guardian of Life and Death to find the male wiping it away followed by turning around speaking "Egypt. How nice of you to join us."
He formed a glare at Egypt floating behind the Guardian of Life and Death with wings flapping in a fast furious flapping method and an angry look on her face with her teeth bared. 
He gulped seeing her teeth were fanged like a blood sucker vampire as he heard "How dare you call Victor an insult?! He's my son my offspring you fathered himself! Don't deny this fathering Guardian!"
Guardian frowned hearing Egypt's words for it didn't sound familiar to him instead made him confused. 
He eyed the Guardian of Life and Death that chuckled before speaking "Nice try with pinning Victor as my offspring. You know that I'm not capable of fathering offsprings. Don't deny that fact Egypt. It's impossible for him to be my offspring anyway. Judging by the looks of him he's nothing but some medical experiment the Egyptians were playing God attempted to create and got him in the process. I managed to erase Osiris's ability to create more offsprings once it was obvious this insulting Egyptian came to exist by the Egyptians playing God. Don't deny that he fathered this insulting son of yours in question."
Guardian focused onto Egypt who spoke "You disappoint me, Mordecai-"
She was interrupted "Don't call me Mordecai! That name is dead within me now! I'm the Guardian of Life and Death-"
Guardian found the male interrupted "Mordecai, Mordecai is your name! Don't deny it like your denying Victor as your son!"
Guardian glared at the Guardian of Life and Death with a glare he figured was the Eric, male he saw in the TV monitor of his life paired to a female Egyptian named Egypt despite the name of Niya used for her. 
He spoke as Egypt paused "That scene of this Eric and Niya being paired together was you and Egypt actually wasn't it?"
Guardian grunted from a fist punching him in the stomach he saw belonged to the Guardian of Life and Death, Mordecai he figured he'll refer him from now on. 
He glared at Mordecai who snarled "I didn't give you permission to speak, Victor. So shut up and be quiet now or I'll keep you forever trapped in purgatory."
He kept up the glare in response to spit onto Mordecai's face giving off blood to see with satisfaction it landed onto the male's cheek. 
He found Mordecai wiping it off and speaking "Like Father like son. Twin spitting. Yuck."
Guardian kept the glare as Egypt was heard shrieking "Mordecai stop denying it that Victor is your son! Stop it now! He's yours as you fathered him! The Egyptians created him-"
He found Egypt interrupted "So the Egyptians were playing God here weren't they hmm Egypt like you admitted?"
He glared at Mordecai to hear from Egypt again shrieking "The Egyptians playing God had nothing to do with it! His existence was to help answer a question that was plaguing them! So release him now! I'll do what it takes to free him from your grips you idiot!"
Guardian kept the glare onto Mordecai to find the male turning around and speaking "You'll do anything to free your son this insulting Egyptian from my grips wouldn't you Egypt?"
He glared at Mordecai who added hearing nothing from Egypt "Just be gone Egypt out of my sight now for insulting me with that word idiot and insulting me with the fact that this Egyptian claimed to be fathered by me when I know he's not. Be gone now."
Guardian focused onto Egypt to find her folding her arms and refusing to budge from her floating position while giving Mordecai a narrowed eyed glare in response. 
He spoke in response "You sure that the Egyptians are capable of creating this medical experiment you call me? I thought they wouldn't be able-"
He was interrupted "Egypt and her people are capable of anything including spawning you, you insulting Egyptian to bare my face and my name. I won't stand having you living with your insulting presence-"
"Don't you dare do anything to my son, Mordecai!" He heard from Egypt shrieking in her angry voice tone.
Guardian glared at Mordecai to speak "Your name is Mordecai-"
He got interrupted again "The name is the Guardian of Life and Death! Mordecai's light was extinguished! He's no more!"
Guardian spoke ignoring Mordecai's outburst "So? I had to put up with this ridiculous name of Guard Beers all my life by my mother raiser. She habitually kept calling me Guardian even to my face-"
"Your name is Victor and don't forget it!" He was interrupted by Mordecai.
Guardian spoke firmly while glaring at Mordecai "Victor? Why are you calling me that name despite my presence insults you hmm?"
He glared at Mordecai who gave up a loud roar in response and charged towards him with hands' fisted to find Egypt appearing between the two of them with wings flapping in a furious move her back to him. 
He heard "I told you Egypt that he insults me with his presence, his face and his use of my name of Guardian! Now let me extinguish his life for insulting me! Or I won't free him from here instead let him remain in purgatory forever!"
Guardian formed a glare in response to hear "Remaining in purgatory is where he'll be. I refused to let you extinguish my son's life. I refused to let you lay a hand onto our son-"
"Stop it with the insulting fact of him being my son when you know he's not!" He heard from Mordecai interrupting Egypt.
He spoke firmly "You're jealous! You're jealous that a simple Egyptian was able to father a son through your love of your life, Egypt herself!"
He cut himself off to find Egypt giving him a glare as Mordecai was heard "Do you want me to extinguish his light for his insulting words Egypt?"
Guardian continued to yell ignoring Egypt glaring at him "You're jealous! Admit it Guardian of Life and Death! You're upset that some male managed to father a son through Egypt the love of your life! Hence you finding me insulting! You said it yourself that you weren't capable of fathering offspring! You're obviously jealous! Admit it now!"
He glared at Mordecai to find the male giving off a soft growling noise with eyes narrowing in a glare aimed at him. He returned the glare in response to feel the chains wrapped around his wrists let go to find himself back onto the soles of his feet and arms lowered. 
Guardian folded his arms while glaring at Mordecai hearing silence from Egypt to find the male speaking "One way or another I will have your light extinguished. Mark my words for it's an oath I will see it come to fruition with the scales judging you dead. Egypt, get your piece of trash excuse of a son out of my sight now. He's free from purgatory and free to live again on Egyptia. I will be watching for the slightest opportunity I oath that, Egypt."
He saw Mordecai turn around walking away out of sight to find Egypt floating into sight a glare on her face with anger in her eyes. 
He spoke firmly "What? I spoke the truth as I see it regarding him."
Guardian got Egypt giving off a sound of disgust in response followed by her fluttering up towards him to place hands onto his shoulders and he felt himself pushed backwards to fall seemingly lengthy. He found his back hitting a bed to grunt feeling a hand patting his cheek while hearing a familiar growling noise. 
Guardian jerked open his eyes to find Nikolai was the hand's owner who snarled "I didn't give you permission to fall asleep on me lecturing you."
He heard the growling tone of Nikolai's twin to Mordecai gulped but kept his mouth shut as Nikolai removed his hand and added "Don't return to Mahalia or your old life Victor."
He exhaled a breath hearing Mordecai's voice sounding from Nikolai to find the male wasn't displaying an all white eyed look instead was displaying Egyptian blue eyes.
Guardian kept his mouth shut as he eyed Nikolai he figured "Nikolai is another form of Mordecai I think."
He kept his mouth shut to his thought while eyeing Nikolai who spoke "Your life in Mahalia is gone, Victor. You've been declared dead by this miserable excuse of a Queen declaring you the son she bore that was born dead hence she having a miscarriage to explain this rumor going around Mahalia. It's just an excuse for her to gain control of Mahalia underneath her thumb despite some car explosion tried to kill her off. Unfortunately someone warned the Queen of the car explosion and she switched places with a servant maid disguised to look like her. I heard she used the maid that was scapegoat to be your mother actually instead of believing it from this Victoria Lynn."
Guardian exhaled a breath hearing that as Nikolai continued speaking "Don't worry about Victoria Lynn. I have her someplace safe where I'll arrange for a meeting once the time arrives. I managed to get her to safety when it was obvious your Father died in that plane crash. She safe underneath the Lancelot group actually."
He sighed softly hearing Nikolai's words regarding his Mother to frown seeing Egypt peering over the male's shoulder before flapping into view he confused to see her. He frowned as Nikolai appeared to not noticed Egypt flapping loudly with her wings instead went to sit down in an armchair groaning loudly while rubbing a hand onto his forehead. 
Guardian focused onto Egypt to find her jabbing a finger aimed at Nikolai he hearing her speaking "Ask how you came to exist."
He obeyed to speak "How did I come to exist?"
Guardian got from Nikolai snarling loudly "Bloody Lance Richard he had to ask me that question!"
Guardian frowned while giving Nikolai a glare who raised his head to stare at the ceiling before hearing from the male "Alright your Father was desperate to have a male takeover his throne after it was obvious he married this bitch Svetlana who wanted the throne herself and was going to do anything to get it. I had managed to search high and low for a female acceptable of carrying you. You were created via medical experiments done onto your Mother using pieces of your Father's DNA they call it to create you within her. Also you were manipulated to not to be like the bitch's own daughter Olga a drinker of alcoholic drinks that was implanted into the bitch herself and using your Father's DNA for that. Svetlana's carrying of Olga wound up repeatedly brought her near death over and over but for some reason Svetlana kept on holding onto life even whenever she got sick to the point of having her light extinguished."
Guardian spoke "Who's Svetlana really anyway?"
He eyed Nikolai who lowered his head to stare at him back before the male spoke "The bitch incarnate, my own pouch sister Helena."
He gulped hearing Nikolai's words as Nikolai added "Helena is her actual name despite she referring herself as Svetlana some relative of the Tsarina at the moment. It was just a ploy to trap your Father into marriage who pursued her. Too bad your Father lost interests into my own sister and was pursuing someone else. She came to me whining of your Father not interested in her and wanted to be implanted with an offspring of his. Bad choice I made as a result in helping her. She laid a trap to your Father in marriage once it was obvious she was carrying Olga despite she laid down sick a lot. Your Father didn't marry the bitch till Olga was born once it was obvious he was her child's father."
Guardian spoke in response "Then what's with Helena having an ability to mind scan people's minds like communicating with them and use Compeller's voice talent orders onto people including an immunity to that?"
He got Nikolai giving him the Source look in response to gulp which he spoke in response "I got a memory of Svetlana communicating with me mentally using mind scanning abilities including reading my mind. I also have a memory of her being immune to Compeller's voice talent orders and she giving off twin voice abilities. Is that my head talking or I did get this from her actually?"
He eyed Nikolai in response to get the male getting up going towards him hold up a hand once at the foot of the bed he feeling a choking sensation in his throat. 
Guardian gagged out "Why am I having these odd memories of Svetlana acting not like an Egyptian but someone with special abilities?"
He continued to gag felt himself breathing air deeply to find Nikolai had folded his arms but still kept the Source in control.
Guardian continued "I have odd memories of Svetlana obeying to Hades and what he wants like he wanted to use her for mating which she obeyed and fell asleep underneath his order in front of me by him rubbing her back."
He clamped his mouth shut only to gasp for air when Nikolai held up a hand his eyes narrowed into a glare he again felt himself choking. 
He gagged out "I have a memory of Hades in Mahalia's state forest park having a cold ability to make it snow which he did onto my Father's plane. He got aboard the plane once it crashed and dumped the Hades suit and mask onto my Father who became that person as a result."
Guardian again felt himself breathing gasped for air gulping through his mouth to hear a familiar beep followed by hearing "Your memory is a joke regarding my sister and her mental abilities. It's not true that she can do what your memory thought of. So drop the subject now. As for Hades it seems that your Father remembers himself and is trying to have his previous life back while as that vampire in question. Don't do what he's doing trying to have his previous life back on Mahalia. Forget Mahalia, Victor. Just live with the second chance of living. You cheated the Guardian of Life and Death of declaring your light extinguished. Just take the second opportunity at life Victor."
He exhaled a breath hearing Nikolai's creepy voice tone had a hidden edge in the voice he recognized from his Mother raiser whenever she spoken a lie to him. 
Guardian didn't say a word instead thought to himself "I'll do what it takes to get back to Mahalia to confront Svetlana and her machinations. I don't give a damn what Nikolai says about his sister. He's lying about her and lying about something including lying about my previous life in Mahalia."
He kept his mouth into a thin line and adjusted his pillow on the bed to settle his head while hearing nothing from Nikolai in response. Guardian shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious to come to feeling water dripping onto his face. He grunted an annoyed sound to jerk open his eyes he squinting from the sunlight's glare blaring onto him. 
He heard "Get up cadet now!"
Guardian obeyed getting up awkwardly finding his body whined in pain as if his muscles were sore all over. He found the voice was a male wearing a military uniform he discovering himself on a warship belonging to Brittany by the flag seen and at a seaport appearing to not be Megiddo to him. 
He frowned as the uniformed male spoke "Alright get this piece of garbage to the medical bay for quarantine now before he sickens anyone around here!"
Guardian found his arms grabbed by two males wearing black masks over their eyes and white orbs seen while having black and white smooth clothes on and having gloves on their hands. He exhaled a breath as one of the males bared their teeth to discover it was twin to a vampire from the looks of it to get jerked into a direction by hands onto his arm. He forced his feet to move finding the males refused to budge from letting go of his arms. 
Guardian found the two males he figured were vampires kept their holds onto him while jerking his arms practically out of the socket into directions he figured "Their leading me somewhere."
He heard nothing from the vampires to his thought as he was jerked led to the medical bay he discovered was a tented area on the deck where medical personal wearing hazardous suits got him inside he freed from the males. Guardian didn't comment a response as the medics proceeded to spray him all over with some smoke including scrubbing him with sponges not sparing his sensitive parts. He felt annoyance take hold as they kept up the spraying and sponging seemingly lengthy to make him give off a growling noise. Guardian heard faint roaring noises from outside the tent cutting his growling noises. He eyed his hand to discover it was the same except had blackness being scrubbed off he feeling himself annoyed. He kept on eyeing his body to discover it was covered with black slimy sludge he recognized belonged to the Knivers' blood. He felt annoyance take hold as the medics washed the blood off of him and then injected a needle into his seat he feeling the pain of it. Guardian grunted an annoyed sound to focus onto one of the medics to find a Meg was wearing the hazardous suit as he saw others were of Megs wearing suits. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he felt something plastering his face. Guardian reached a hand onto his face only to get the medics holding his hands and scrubbing his face in a fast move. He grunted and without a word reached the back of his head as if compelled and tore at the skin there. He found the skin easily peeling off followed by peeling off his face he grunted from the pain. Guardian found himself holding Hades' mask in his hands to his confusion which he felt a compulsion to tear it in half obeyed. He found the mask crumbling up into dirt in his hands and got his face and hands scrubbed clean. 
Guardian frowned thinking to himself "What happened to get me wearing Hades' mask and suit anyway?"
He heard in response "Enough of the bath now! He's fine for now! So get him some clothes and get Victor out of this tent!"
Guardian frowned hearing Nikolai's voice to find the male not in sight to find the Megs in response thrusting him a jumpsuit which he put on expertly and shoes he slipped onto his feet. He walked out as gestured by the Megs to do it by them pointing at a direction. Guardian obeyed to walk into the sunlight to glare squinting to find his arms again grabbed by the familiar vampires and got jerked to go into the middle of the deck. He frowned as the deck lowered itself revealing a stairwell which he got pushed to go down. Guardian found the two vampires refusing to follow instead left him to go down the stairs alone he finding himself seemingly going down lengthy while smelling something of stinky stale air to him. The air seemed familiar to him to his confusion till he found a spotlight at the end of the steps walked towards it only to get a familiar figure coming into sight. 
He groaned recognizing Mordecai who spoke "I am the Guardian of Life and Death-"
"Spare me of that talk Mordecai!" He heard from Egypt interrupting Mordecai who floated into view flapping her wings in a fast move. 
Guardian spoke "Spill it you had me become Hades as an excuse to judge my life on your scales didn't you?"
He glared at Mordecai to hear "Get this miserable excuse of insulting trash out of my sight now!"
He found Egypt floating into view to push him backwards he falling backwards to again feeling his seat hitting something hard and metallic while hearing snickering like laughter. He found himself seated on steps going down to hear the laughter behind him. 
Guardian stood up to glare at the laughter's source the two male vampires as he heard "Don't keep Kingship waiting, Victor."
He didn't say a word in response went down the steps seemingly lengthy to smell something stinky and awful to grunt an annoyed sound but kept on walking. 
Guardian kept on walking till he reached the familiar spotlight to grunt an annoyed sound and walked into the spotlight to hear "That's far enough Victor. Anymore and my guards will be sucking you."
He obeyed recognizing the voice wasn't of Mordecai or Nikolai's as his spying sense went off. 
He looked around finding the sense was all over the place to hear "Why are you looking like your spied on hmm?"
Guardian figured the truth would be best spoke "I don't know if it's important to you but I can sense myself spied on."
He heard growling noises sounding all around him focused onto a direction as if drawn to hear the noises quit. 
He heard "Quit looking at me now, Victor with your creepy eyes."
Guardian obeyed to face the ground finding it was sandy and appeared to be beach like. 
He frowned as he heard "Tell me something about Hades, Victor."
Guardian frowned to stiffen as a headache arrived to his head to recall fully it was mind scanning by the Meritanians. 
He felt the headache quit followed by compelled to speak "He can make snow storms."
Guardian felt himself annoyed with what he blurt kept on staring at the sandy ground to hear growling noises sounding all around him followed by a roar sounding of Mordecai's voice to him. 
He kept his mouth shut as the voice spoke "Get out of my sight now, Victor. Kill the lights and feed off him at your leisure."
Guardian found the spotlight turning off followed by darkness arriving to his eyesight to hear growling noises sounding all around him while hearing snickering like laughter in Mordecai's voice tone. He kept himself still as his jumpsuit was torn off his form in one ripping motion. He heard noises of dog whining sounding all around him followed by silence and the spotlight turning back on. 
Guardian found himself alone underneath the spotlight no longer clad in his jumpsuit to hear snarling "Bitch! Wait till I get my hands onto that bitch!"
He stiffened from the voice sounding of Mordecai to find himself compelled to go out of the spotlight and found himself going up the stairs to walk out into the sunlight to face the two vampires. 
He found one of them with a triangle hat on sniffing his shoulder before speaking "Ugh you smell of Lance Richard despite not looking like him."
Guardian frowned to what triangle hat was talking about as his arms were again grabbed by both vampires and hauled to the edge of the ship going over the ocean in a fast speed move. He found himself pushed off the ship to feel it bang into him as it went over the ocean followed by falling into the water. Guardian ducked diving deeper into the ocean as if compelled to get himself away from the massive propellers. He felt rumbling vibrations in the ocean above him to find the ship above halted its movement and was sitting in the ocean above him. Guardian swam towards the ship's side to find the vessel turning to match his swimming underwater movements. He heard Mordecai's snickering like laughter to find the vessel halted its movements as he felt his lungs bursting to suck air. Guardian kept his mouth shut as he reached the surface of the ocean to gulp for air deeply. He heard a loud foghorn like noise to find the ship was making a beeline towards him as if attempting to run him over. He again got Mordecai's familiar laughter growled an annoyed sound only to feel himself out of the ocean falling in the air to land into water with a splash. Guardian sank to the bottom of the water he found was a pool he found was an indoor pool. He swam up to the surface to hear a loud roaring noise he recognized belonging to Mordecai sounding in Nikolai's creepy voice tone. Guardian swam to the pool's ladder and climbed out to find Nikolai standing with arms folded clad in a bathing suit giving him a Source glare towel seen dangling from his hand. 
He spoke "I don't recall myself being Hades except I recall being dumped onto a sea vessel belonging to Brittany filled with Egyptians that were vampires who tried to get me drowned into the sea. I got tossed into your pool by the Meritanians doing the transporting as I recognized as before when I had Robert's body from memory of me having it."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Nikolai who made his familiar lick the floor gesture he groaned softly seeing it. 
He got from Nikolai "The only way out of this room is me using my Source abilities. So lick the floor for interrupting my workout."
Guardian obeyed to give the floor several licks with his tongue. He grunted feeling it wet and cold to his tongue and tasted salty to him. 
He quit the licking to hear from Nikolai "Door unlock."
Guardian didn't say a word towards Nikolai who thwacked the towel onto his head while adding "Get up and get into the shower in the locker room now. I'll make you clean the pool once it's drained of water for interrupting my workout."
He ignored Nikolai in response got up sensing the male following him which he went to the locker room and found his shoes still onto his feet sticking onto the area like glue. He grunted an annoyed sound and peeled the shoes from his feet grimacing from the pain on his skin. He ignored Nikolai sensed staring at him as he removed his shoes and got underneath a shower faucet to find the male using the other faucet while naked and still staring at him. Guardian didn't comment a response to Nikolai's staring instead washed himself thoroughly as he could with soap and shampoo he finding his black hair was a longer length appearing to be twin to Nikolai's hair length. He eyed his arms and his body to discover it was looking twin to Nikolai's from glancing at the male who kept on staring at him with the Source in control. Guardian ignored the staring to turn off the water and without a word followed Nikolai to the familiar room to find the two familiar sexy clad females this time wearing lingerie like outfits he ogled despite hearing a throat clearing noise loudly. He heard a growling sound in Mordecai's voice tone went to lie onto a bed on his stomach and felt a needle prick of pain onto his neck to find himself facing Mordecai again while underneath the familiar spotlight. 
Guardian glared at Mordecai with annoyance running through him to find the male speaking "That Nikolai is a creep in denial when it comes to not acknowledging his pouch sister as he calls her Helena's mental abilities. You accurately said what they were he's furiously not happy to hear from you. He doesn't like being reminded that Helena got the better end of the deal with her namesake their mother, Queen Helena of Abydos who didn't favor him at all. Nikolai got his mental abilities by Lance Richard pitying him enough to give him them. He's still angry at their Mother for favoring his sister over him the heir to the Abydos' throne. Besides he has refused to acknowledge the fact that his Mother made him immune to Helena's mental abilities enough to stop Helena from her machinations. He won't do anything to stop Helena and her machinations due to his denial and anger towards their Mother."
Guardian opened his mouth to speak only to find his mouth chewing onto something like a towel as he felt hands rubbing his back in a soothing movement. 
He clamped his mouth shut as he heard a familiar roar followed by hearing "Enough of this! Get out of my sight now! Leave me alone with Victor!"
Guardian groaned and without a word rolled over to sit up finding Nikolai pacing back and forth while in the room the male ignoring him watching and ignoring his naked status. He found a towel covering his sensitive parts which he adjusted to form a skirt then swung his legs off the bed.
He heard a growl from Nikolai to find the male had his Source into control that spoke "Lick the floor now Victor. The only way out of this room is by me ordering it."
He obeyed to lick the floor despite feeling disgusted to find Nikolai speaking his familiar command followed by a bang noise and found Jones in the room giving off his familiar Tsk noise. 
He got up without a word to glare at Jones with arms folded to hear from Nikolai "Jones get Victor out of my sight now! Tell the masseurs to come back in! I'm not done with them!"
Guardian followed Jones out of the room to find the sexy clad females darting inside he hearing Mordecai's familiar roar behind him. He kept his mouth shut as he followed Jones to the familiar elevator to find the male getting it to Nikolai's residence and led to the familiar bathroom. 
He groaned to find Robert inside still in his motorized wheelchair giving him a Source glare and snarling "Daddy hasn't accepted what he did to me to make me wheelchair bound. Hence he pulling this joke onto making you another me wannabe."
Guardian ignored Robert to thrust aside the towel and without a word entered the shower stall. He cleaned himself thoroughly despite Robert sensed spying onto him. Guardian walked out once done to find Jones in the room helping Robert attend to his hair he finding the butler was shaving its long length entirely off Robert's head. He ignored Robert to put on the clothes on the sink counter he discovering it was twin to Robert's jeans and rugby top look he finding Robert was clad in sweats while in the wheelchair. 
Guardian groaned softly as Jones gave up a loud Tsk sound getting his attention and speaking "Your turn Victor."
He went to sit in the stool and waited with eyes shut seemingly lengthy for his hair to be shaved off. 
He heard a loud Hmph after a lengthy hair pulling to hear "He was Hades hence his hair is like that, indestructible."
Guardian opened his eyes to discover his hair was intact on his head and found Jones speaking "Tsk this isn't going to work well with the Master. He'll be pulling a hissy fit when he discovers this."
He got up without a word only to hear from Jones "I didn't say that you could get up, Victor. Sit down while I straighten out your hair's mess."
He obeyed and found Jones brushing his hair including combing it till the butler got it pulled back into a braid in some feminine style to his annoyance in a fast move. 
He glared at Jones in response to hear loudly "Jones!"
Guardian frowned hearing Nikolai's voice sounding furiously angry to him to find the butler gone from the room which he felt a hair band in his hand tied off the braid's end and got up hearing an Hmph from Robert. 
He gave Robert a glare who spoke "Wannabe, kindly get the hair the butler forgot to remove off of me when he shaved my head."
He ignored the rude tone Robert used to grab the familiar brush to brush the hair off all over the male and over his chair and once done only to hear "You missed a spot wannabe."
Guardian thumped the hairbrush onto the sink counter and spoke "I'm not your slave for you to treat me like one Robert."
He glared at Robert to find the male giving him a Source glare in response followed by the male using voice orders to thumping his wheelchair onto his legs forcing him to sit onto the sink counter. Guardian crossed his legs when Robert kept onto the thumping. 
He glared at Robert who snarled in response "Father hasn't forgiven himself for what happened to me and is using you as a scapegoat wannabe. He's treating you like the way he treats me when I was able to take control of my body. Hence his joke of having you lick the floor wannabe. He appears to expect you to take over being me and his son since I'm nothing but an invalid with you to serve me. I don't want to hear whining from you on how nasty my Father is treating you or I treating you in question. It's just that you're expected to be the heir to Nikolai's publicity persona since I can't do it for him."
Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line to find Robert getting the wheelchair out of the room and heard his familiar whining noises again. He grunted and walked out of the bathroom finding Robert was again jerking in his wheelchair giving off noises. He ignored Robert to hear a loud meow to find one of Nikolai's cats streaking by him and heard an Oof sound from the male behind. He ignored Robert to continue on walking further into the apartment to hear Robert's wheelchair following him. He kept up the ignorance to meet Jones on the way who blocked his walking with his body. 
Guardian glared at Jones who spoke "I'm ordered to take you to the elevator with instructions once inside."
He heard snickering from Robert behind him ignored the male to follow Jones to the service elevator to find the butler getting the thing to the pool room's floor. He groaned finding Jones led the way to the newly drained pool to get thrust a mop and bucket of water and told to mop the pool's bottom with it. Guardian groaned and got into the pool via the lower end and began mopping the pool's bottom with the mop and pail's source of blue liquid. He found the mopping involved covering the pool's bottom with blue liquid which he made sure he covered the pool entirely till he reached the lower end again. Guardian got out with the pail and mopped the last spots before hearing a clapping noise. 
He looked to find Nikolai in the room clapping away who quit to speak "Bravo Victor. At least you're thinking smartly. Unlike Robert who mopped himself into the deep end and couldn't get out by how slippery the pool cleaner was. He had to stay in the pool waiting forever for it to dry before he could walk up to the lower end and get out."
Guardian didn't say a word in response got Nikolai adding "Ditch the cleaning gear and get yourself into the shower now. You reek of pool cleaner."
He obeyed to get into the shower after stripping himself of his clothes he finding his socks again stuck to the bottoms of his feet he had to peel off to his annoyance. He grunted annoyed sound once free of the socks and got himself underneath the shower's faucet to shower while noticing Nikolai staring at him with arms folded. Guardian ignored Nikolai's staring to eye his left bare left arm to discover it still had the familiar scarring but wasn't that noticeable to his relief. He showered fully then once done got tossed a towel by Nikolai which he dried himself and wrapped it around himself like a skirt. 
He frowned as Nikolai spoke "Jones!"
Guardian found Jones next to him giving off a familiar Tsk sound announcing his presence. 
He got from Nikolai "See Victor to where he can be properly attired now."
Guardian sighed and followed Jones back to the elevator to find the butler leading the way to Nikolai's familiar residence into the familiar bathroom which he was left alone. He put on the clothes he found was pajama wear from the looks of it looking twin to Robert's. Guardian groaned and without a word went to Robert's bedroom to find the male snoozing in his wheelchair appearing to be knocked out unconscious by not acknowledging his presence in the room or indicating any wakefulness. Guardian groaned softly and without a word towards Robert got into bed and laid onto his side and thrust the blanket over his head and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Part Four: Past Hurts

Guardian grunted from the whip hitting him onto his back as he glared at Queen Svetlana he back in Mahalia. He kept on glaring at her with his all black eyes narrowed into a glare who appeared to be sneering despite fear in her eyes. 
He kept up the glare as the Queen spoke in Compeller's voice tone "You will tell me what you remember surviving that helicopter crash now!"
He found himself compelled to speak finding himself speaking "What helicopter's crash are you talking about Svetlana?"
Guardian kept the glare aimed at the Queen to see her eyes narrow with a concentration look onto there to see clearly in his mind a lighted cauldron flashing along with a headache of his mind scanned. He kept on seeing the lighted cauldron flashing repeatedly as the Queen looked away giving off a disgust sound. He kept the glare aimed at her despite chained with manacles keeping his arms above him while in the gym room of the King's residence. He ignored his naked status to glare at the Queen willing himself to be calm and not angry. 
He eyed the Queen who spoke in response "You've seen my brother haven't you, Victor?"
Guardian spoke in response "What brother are you babbling about Stepmother?"
He got the Queen grimacing in response who spoke "Guards! Free Victor from his binds and dump him in the brig now!"
Guardian found the guards appearing to be Compellers with golden eyes seen grabbing him and freeing him from the chains to force walk him out of the room. He paid attention to where he was taken to find himself thrust into a cell in the basement while hearing groaning noises of a male's tone in another cell besides his. 
Guardian grunted an annoyed sound he sat down onto the lumpy bed to hear "So why are you in this jail cell hmm? Don't deny it that I can hear your breathing sir."
He sighed recognizing Herod's familiar voice spoke firmly "I'm nothing but an insult to the Queen with my presence and me being alive when my light should have been extinguished."
Guardian heard in response "Ah I see. Your using the same old wording whoever speaks to me in answer to why their jailed from the Queen having them ordered put there."
He shrugged in response to grimace from the pain on his back and leaned against the cold stone wall hearing nothing from Herod. He kept his mouth into a thin line to recall fully how he got back to Mahalia into the Queen's presence.
He recalled "I made a deal with Mordecai aka Nikolai as he's going around now for extinguishing the Queen's life in return of extinguishing mine. He took the deal literally and tried to play light extinguisher onto the Queen I saw via dream recognized him as Mordecai her brother. Hmph. Some deal it turned out to be. The Queen managed to get rid of his Guardian of Life and Death powers away from Mordecai into her. It wound up making his Egyptian persona Nikolai upset enough to have a crying breakdown. Poor Nikolai. Jones managed to kick me out of Nikolai's residence once finding his Master lying on the kitchen floor crying in tears while I was kneeling next to him. Jones sort of used Compeller's voice talent orders to get me out and wandering around the city till someone appearing to be one of the Queen's guards from the palace jabbed a syringe into my neck and knocked me out unconscious. I woke up by whipping onto my back by the Queen's orders while in the palace then thrown into the brig once she was done with me. Hmph."
Guardian heard nothing in response to his thinking heard from Herod again "Ah bitch incarnate Queen Svetlana decided to grace me with her presence. Something you want from me since I'm busy here?"
He frowned hearing Herod's words to focus onto the cell bars to find one of the guards standing behind it a golden eyed glare as he continued to hear "Is that the only insult you can think of Herod? Calling me a bitch since you have refused to say who in Brittany put you into this spying position to spy onto Mahalia and her ruler myself?"
Guardian heard snickering like laughter in response sounding in Herod's voice followed by the male speaking "You the ruler? All it'll take is Brittany sending a male with your talents of a Compeller to court you heavily and get marriage done before kicking you out of position you bitch."
He frowned to hear from the Queen in response "Courting me heavily? Nice try Herod. Nikolas survived the plane crash actually-"
"As that vampire Hades actually-" He heard her get interrupted by Herod only to hear from the Queen "Hades? He's not Hades now and won't ever be. I made sure that was removed from him. He's down recovering underneath observation-"
"Locked up in some lunatic asylum stark raving mad like a crazy loon is what Nikolas is now doing at the moment." He heard from Herod who added "You put him there bitch with that Compelling voice talent of yours enough to punish him for not going along with you plans to rule Mahalia by yourself. Baa. The sheep will be flocking out of Mahalia once they glimpsed you in their leadership position."
Guardian frowned forming it on his lips to hear Herod repeat the word Baa repeatedly only to get interrupted "Nevertheless Herod explain Victor being alive when he was supposed to be assassinated."
He exhaled a breath to listen to Herod's explanation to hear "Oh Victor being alive? What are you talking about you bitch? You raved like a happy person to me on Victor being assassinated and out of the way for you to rule Mahalia forever. No one lives forever and not even you."
He stiffened as he heard in response "I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you with my scale on your life."
Guardian exhaled a breath hearing Mordecai's familiar words sounding in the Queen's voice to hear hysterical like laughter from Herod in response followed by hearing "Go ahead and try to extinguish my light Guardian of Life and Death as you now call yourself. I thought being Queen of Mahalia was satisfactory to you. Appears you crave more than just being Queen isn't it hmm?"
He heard a growling noise to focus onto the Compeller guard watching him to see the male back up followed by the Queen walking by that paused and gave him an all white eyed glare.
He wound up hearing from her using a creepy voice "Your light will be extinguished Victor. I'll see to it for that insult you are in my presence."
Guardian gave up a sound of disgust in response as the Queen walked away after shaking her head and was followed by four of the guards. 
He heard from Herod hysterical laughter sounding in a firm voice tone followed by hearing "Bitch is crazy isn't she Victor since she got you in a cell near mine?"
He spoke in response "What have I missed since I was declared light extinguished?"
Guardian heard from Herod "Nothing much actually. The public got over being fearful of plane rides by the Queen taking one to Republic State to do the King's Day parade. Too bad the Queen is nuts to think the public will accept her into the leadership position. They were heard booing her when she rode the King's car in the parade she acting like they were cheering her anyway. She raved like a lunatic to me once contained that the public accepted her into leadership position despite I knowing they were rejecting her actually. Too bad she only hears and sees what she wants and not what people have been doing to her actually."
Guardian frowned to hear hysterical laughter from Herod again to focus onto the cell bars to find the Queen standing behind there with eyes glowing of a Compeller making him gulp. He kept his mouth into a thin line as the Queen glared at a guard and jerked her head towards him. He frowned to find the guards entering the cell and grabbing his arms followed by hauling him out to follow the Queen taking a route to the familiar teenaged bedroom.
Once inside the Queen spoke ignoring her eyes golden as a Compeller "Its Herod who's crazy actually. He has refused my efforts to give up various information despite being a spy from Brittany as pointed out via spies in that nation who identified him actually."
Guardian heard her voice tone indicated that she lied spoke firmly as he was thrust to sit onto the bed "You sound like you're not fully saying anything to me."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line as the guards' arms around him became ironclad followed by forcing him to stand as the Queen walked up towards him to place a hand onto his cheek. He grimaced feeling his mind scanned only to see fully in his mind the familiar cauldron lighted image. 
Guardian grunted as the Queen released his cheek to slap him on the face hard followed by snarling "Someone betrayed me! His mind is impossible for me to penetrate with my mind walking ability!"
He exhaled a breath hearing that from the Queen who kept on snarling "Just see Victor down in bed sleeping. I have plans for him since its obvious the restless sheep have refused to accept me as their leader. They keep on clamoring for Victor to lead them despite excuses said repeatedly they refused to believe."
Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as the guards got him lying down onto the bed followed by compelling him to sleep which he obeyed shutting his eyes. Guardian wound up dreaming of the Queen wearing a red dress with a golden crown on her head seated at a desk looking old and odd looking as he saw torch lights and stone block walls. The door to the room where the Queen was sitting yanked open as a male was thrust inside with two guards wearing armor and thrust to kneel. He stiffened seeing the male was himself with long hair while wearing gonoid skin clothing and looking annoyed. 
The male spoke "Helena what's the meaning of this?"
Helena he assumed was the crowned female gave up hysterical laughter in response and spoke "I see a pest I have to get rid of. Cut off his head now!"
Guardian found the male yelling out "Helena no!"
The male's head was chopped off by a guard cutting it off with a sword as Helena added "See his body thrown into the eater now."
He heard hysterical laughter from Helena as the guards obeyed followed by following the guards entering the hallway and leaving the castle while carrying the male's head and body towards an eater pile in the middle of the courtyard. Guardian frowned as the guards carrying the male's body slumped over followed by a male figure grabbing the man's body and head to dump into a body bag then vaulted onto a horse riding it out of the castle he saw it was. The male figure rode the horse till reaching a field out of sight of the castle and dumped the body out of the bag followed by burying it into the field after digging a grave not marked. He found the figure holding up one of the male's fingers and with a knife chopped off a part of the middle finger and bagged it. Guardian heard horses neighing to find the figure throwing dirt onto the body and vaulted onto the horse riding it away while pocketing the bagged finger. He kept on watching as the figure rode the horse only to meet a group of riders wearing armor who swung their swords aimed at the figure as if trying to cut the male. Guardian found the male waving bare hands towards the armored males before finding his horse rearing up knocking him off as another figure appearing to be Lance Richard came into sight to grab the gonoid's halter. He watched as the armored males grabbed the figure into a tight ironclad hold and thrust him to kneel while yanking off his mask he gasped seeing Nikolai's face with the Source in control. Nikolai he watched gave Lance Richard a glare who without a word took out the bagged finger from the male's pocket who gave up a spit towards the crowned male. 
He got Lance Richard speaking "Interesting Nikolai that you're desperate to destroy her enough to do what it takes to keep your son's spirit alive. Perhaps using him as a weapon to destroy her favored by your Mother despite you the oldest and heir to the throne. You're desperate to save your own son from the machinations of your pouch sister aren't you?"
Guardian exhaled a breath hearing Lance Richard's words to find Nikolai giving up another spit onto the crowned male who added speaking "I have plans for you Nikolai as my own son. You'll do my plans period. Forget your sister and her plans. She's just a useless female who'll be easily controlled by a male once lust strikes her-"
He found Nikolai interrupting "You don't know my sister as well as I do."
He heard the edge in Nikolai's voice tone to find Lance Richard speaking "Never mind go to sleep Nikolai."
Guardian saw Nikolai slump over as if asleep as Lance Richard tossed aside the bag holding the finger and ground it with his foot onto the grassed ground. He found a sound hitting him to frown as blackness arrived only to recall the sound as the alarm clock found himself lying in bed opening his eyes lurching into a sitting position. 
Guardian found the familiar butler in the room giving him a golden eyed glare and speaking "Get up Victor for me to scan you medically."
He obeyed to stand up finding the butler scanning him via wand device followed by adding "Go attend to your hygiene and make it snappy now."
Guardian obeyed to make sure he was quick with the showering to walk out clad in a towel to find the butler thrusting him articles of clothing he put on. He discovered it was a suit twin to what he wore at his crowning as King of Mahalia but didn't include a bullet proof vest this time. 
He kept his mouth into a thin line as the butler spoke "Show me what you've been doing to your hair now."
Guardian obeyed to brush it back into a tail only to get the butler yanking the tail out and grabbing the hair brush followed by brushing his hair. 
He folded his arms with annoyance taking hold as the butler brushed his hair followed by declaring him done and telling him "Go to the dining room to take in nourishment now."
He obeyed feeling himself hungry to go to the dining room to find Olga inside holding Nicky from the looks of it with the Queen at the head of the table smirking while eating her food and taking in her drink. He sighed and went to sit down forcing himself to be slow taking his nourishment of eating and drinking only to hear a gasp sound. Guardian eyed the Queen finding her giving off another gasp and forming a pained expression on her face with eyes shut. He gave her a glare as he ate his food and drank his drink as the Queen quit the pained expression followed by resuming taking in her nourishment with her familiar smirk on her face. Guardian once done taking in his nourishment leaned back in the seat with arms folded to find the Queen had finished her nourishment. 
He eyed her warily to find the Queen speaking "Victor, come with me."
He heard the sneering voice tone of the Queen obeyed to follow her to the office she taking the desk's chair and he taking the couch as thrust to sit by a guard who kept a hand onto his shoulder. Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as the butler arrived into the room carrying a briefcase he kept the glare to find the male was waving wands and lights into his eyes he flinched from the blaring. 
He glared at the butler who spoke after quitting the lights' glare "His eyes are permanently like that Your Majesty. It's a result of blood getting onto his eyes and staining it with that look. There's nothing I can do to remove that look. It's permanent Your Majesty."
Guardian heard the edge spoken in the butler's voice tone kept the glare as he heard "Give him the prosthetics for his eyes to wear on a permanent basis."
He exhaled a breath as the butler without a word opened the briefcase and yanked out objects he finding himself restrained via ironclad grip by the guards. Guardian kept the glare as the butler jabbed objects into his eyes he felt were giving him the itches. 
He ignored the urge to scratch his eyes out as the butler fiddled with his eyes followed by speaking "It's done. Their in now and can't be removed without surgical help."
Guardian sensed the butler was telling the truth as the male walked out of sight he finding the urge to scratch his eyes gone along with the itchy feeling. He gave the Queen a glare to find her forming the familiar pained expression followed by forming her familiar sneering look. 
Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as he glared at the Queen who spoke "Now get a hold of this deity named Daisuke and give him an ultimatum. A baby implanted into my Talia for me to see her in my presence since he's unable to get her pregnant."
He kept the glare in response as the Queen sounded like she was speaking to someone but not anyone in the room as there was a light show showing Daisuke with Olivia. He found Daisuke giving off a loud hiss sound and crouching behind Olivia who did a double take look seeing the Queen her Mother. 
He kept his mouth into a thin line as the Queen spoke "Hello Talia. It's your Mother herself."
Guardian eyed Olivia who walked away without a word only to get her progress halted by a hissing Daisuke grabbing her and forcing her to face the Queen he still hissing loudly. 
He heard loudly "Helena!"
Guardian exhaled a breath hearing the voice sounded of himself using a creepy voice tone twin to Nikolai's Source voice as the Queen he saw formed a frown before speaking "Transport them both out now!"
He found Daisuke and Olivia disappearing in a light show to focus onto the Queen with a glare only to see her form shift into a black skeleton giving off raspy breathing noises. He frowned eyeing the skeleton that shifted back into the Queen she not noticing the body change by giving off a golden eyed glare. 
Guardian kept his mouth shut as the Queen spoke loudly "You bastard brother! You had to do this to me to scare my own daughter and her husband from accepting me! No wonder Talia seemed scared of me!"
He kept the glare aimed at the Queen who gave up a loud Hmph sound to hear "I'll get rid of that Guardian of Life and Death persona if I were you. It's associated with death actually Stepmother hence your Talia afraid of you."
He stiffened from his voice speaking the words to give the Queen a glare who looked in his direction with a golden eyed glare in response to get him speaking "I saw Death incarnate where you were sitting. It probably explains why Talia was afraid of you. She didn't see you in your Egyptian form but Death incarnate in the form of death to scare her."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to find the Queen cocking her head as if listening to something followed by slumping over groaning loudly while shaking her head. He found the skeleton tearing itself out of the Queen and darting passed him he sensing a light show from behind. 
Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as the Queen eyed him with a golden eyed glare he found himself compelled to speak "The Guardian of Life and Death is insulted with my existence of me bearing his Egyptian face and using his name of Guardian whenever going around people including referring myself as that."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to find the Queen kept the golden eyed glare he finding himself compelled to speak "I've met some male named Nikolai claiming you as his sister Helena before I landed in your lap. I'm not even sure of what's the actual story regarding this Nikolai and you. That despite having a dream of some female with your face ordering a male with my facial expression to have head cut off."
He cut himself off when he saw the Queen formed her familiar pained expression to continue on speaking "Anyway this dream showed Nikolai or twin getting a hold of my twin's body and burying it into a field including taking a piece of the body. Some crowned male with Nikolai's face got a hold of Nikolai via force and took the body's piece off of him before putting him down unconscious. I heard this crowned male called my twin as some offspring of Nikolai's twin. It's when I woke up by the alarm clock blaring in my ear by the butler found in my sleeping room."
He clamped his mouth shut to see the Queen shake away her pained expression followed by forming a sneer and speaking "Just transport me Talia alone to me now!"
Guardian heard in response "Busy working on a problem."
He frowned hearing Tut's familiar excuse for not willing to do an order to find the door opening to show Daisuke walking into the room with the Source in control the male giving the Queen a glare. 
Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as he eyed the Queen to find her flaring golden eyes and speaking "Daisuke you had something to do with keeping Talia from me hmm?"
He eyed Daisuke to get from the male speaking "Don't Daisuke me, Helena."
He heard a gasp from the Queen to focus onto Daisuke as if drawn who continued on speaking "Bitch incarnate is what you are Helena. I'll see that your light is extinguished on a permanent basis you bitch. Don't toy with me Death incarnate and my powers Helena. You'll pay for this insult and the price will be your daughter Talia for the insult you played onto me. Don't play me again Helena."
Guardian eyed the Queen to sense Daisuke disappear in a light show to find the female was again displaying her familiar pained expression followed by she doing her familiar head shake and forming a sneer on her face. 
He found fear in her eyes despite her lips in a sneering look as she spoke "So get Victor schooled on how to act as King since he's clueless to this now."
He heard the fear in her voice tone kept his mouth into a thin line as he thought to himself "What's going to happen now?"
Guardian heard nothing in answer to his question.

Part Five: Chasing Dreams

Guardian lay in bed in the hotel room in Northern State feeling annoyed with his question he recalled asked himself and got no answer in response. He felt his mind scanned shifted to glare at the Queen as the familiar cauldron scene was seen in his mind. He glared as the Queen went to sit down in an armchair picking up a book and appeared to be reading it ignoring him. He found the mind scanning quit once she focused onto the book she appearing to not reading it instead had eyes shut with a pained expression on her face. Guardian grunted in response as he felt a fist punch him in the stomach to find himself standing underneath a spotlight facing Mordecai punching him in the stomach.
He spoke firmly "Cut it with the punching now.'
He glared at Mordecai who had remained silent with no visits since a visit as Daisuke to the Queen a lunar cycle ago. He kept the glare as he found Egypt appearing into view getting between Mordecai and himself. 
Guardian found Mordecai speaking "He made a deal with me that made me suffer in response to trying to get the deal's works done."
He kept the glare to find Egypt turning around pushing him backwards which he came to finding himself still lying in the hotel's bed with a hand was patting his cheek. He jerked open his eyes to glare with annoyance to find the hand's owner was the Queen looking annoyed. 
Guardian spoke in a rude tone "Something you want now since I'm trying to sleep?"
He formed a glare to get from the Queen in response "Your rest is over, Victor. Get up now."
He heard the Compeller's voice tone from the Queen didn't comment a response to get up from the bed to find guards grabbing his arms in a tight ironclad hold as the female stuck her fist into his stomach. 
He grunted from the blow as the Queen was heard while raining her fists onto his front "Blast that Daisuke for seemingly knowing what I'm up to! I knew he got Talia moved to Northern State as its dubbed but the residence where they were staying indicated no one had lived there for cycles! Wait till I get my hands onto that Daisuke for this joke-"
He interrupted "I'm not for you to use for your fists as a punching bag."
Guardian got from the Queen giving off a loud scream followed by grunting loudly as she kneed him in the sensitive part repeatedly.
He grunted out "I'm not for you to use for you anger Stepmother."
Guardian got another scream from the Queen followed by groaning loudly as she kicked him in the sensitive part with the top of her heeled shoe. He sagged into the grips of the guards from the pain then felt relief when the Queen went to sit down in the armchair and resume reading her book. He didn't comment a response as the guards roughhouse got him back onto the bed and forced him to lie down. Guardian shut his eyes in response forcing himself to rest from the pain despite itching to rub a hand over his sensitive part through his pants. He felt the urge get too much rubbed a hand onto his sensitive part through the pants while groaning loudly.
He heard "The nerve of that idiot like father like son."
Guardian frowned hearing the Queen's comment sighed once his sensitive part quit stinging in pain and removed his hand to roll onto his side and curled into a ball keeping his eyes shut. He heard the phone ringing felt a hand shaking him awake which he jerked open his eyes to find a guard thrusting him the phone's mouth piece while keeping the ear part away from him.
Guardian recalled his teachings as King spoke "Yes?"
He heard the firmness of his voice to hear "Helena my dear."
He heard the Queen gasping loudly as the creepy voice of some male with Source in control continued speaking "I'll give up pursuing Talia if I were you. If you keep it up I'll see that she's removed from Mahalia on the permanent basis. Give up the chase now Helena."
Guardian felt compelled to speak spoke "Go to the depths brother dear."
He felt annoyed with what he spoke to hear from the voice on the line seeing a guard making a circle motion with a finger to notice another guard onto a laptop computer "Interesting."
Guardian opened his mouth only to hear the dial tone in his ear focused onto the guard on the laptop that spoke loudly "Signal was tracked pinging all over the planet. It's indicating it was transmitted via satellite onto our location not using the hotel's operators this time. He's probably trying to hide his location at the moment but it'll take awhile before I can get the Eli to follow the trail and pinpoint his location."
He kept his mouth into a thin line to eye the Queen who formed a glare and spoke "Interesting brother dear. I will find you no matter the cost."
He exhaled a breath hearing the Queen's words to find the guards forcing him to lie down again which he obeyed and got his eyes forced shut. He found his pains quit bothering him to sleep dreamlessly till the sound of a phone ringing jarred him awake. Guardian found the guards getting him into a sitting position and thrusting the phone onto him he speaking his familiar comment. 
He heard in response "Typical that you would try to find me Helena. I had an ulterior motive on keeping Talia away from you. You killed my son who Victor's face is twin to. Don't deny that."
He heard the dial tone in his ear as he felt a compulsion to speak spoke "Blast you-"
Guardian got his mouth covered in response along with the compulsion to speak gone from him glared at the Queen who was again displaying her pained expression. 
He found the hand remove itself spoke in response "What else am I supposedly to be doing other than playing games with this brother of yours Stepmother?"
He glared at the Queen who didn't answer his question as he found himself ignored to grumble loudly ignoring he was speaking out loud "This isn't what I had in mind."
Guardian heard nothing in answer to his complaint kept the glare aimed at the Queen.

Guardian found himself relieved to be back into the King's residence in the yard playing a game of basketball with Olga. This time it involved just throwing the ball into the basket from a standing spot. 
He found Olga's throwing seemed erratic and missing the basket which he spoke "You're upset about something Olga."
Guardian found Olga halted her throwing to speak giving him an all red eyed glare "My Mother is obsessed with meeting my sister Talia despite objections from advisors. She's left you to run things while she runs all over Mahalia for any sighting of Talia just to meet her. She's neglecting Nicky and me at the moment."
He sighed and threw the ball into the basket to see it swish in and found Olga's next shot going in which he spoke "I thought she wanted to rule Mahalia underneath her thumb. I guess I'm wrong to think of that."
Guardian got from Olga growling out "She's like a kid obsessed with the latest toy enough to be obsessed with it then once she gets what's she wants she loses interests into it enough to get into it again once its made shiny and new to her. Its the same feeling shared with our Father at the moment something I haven't inherited myself."
He frowned to hear a loud Tsk sound halting his throwing to find the butler in vicinity speaking "Excuse me Your Majesty and Madam Olga but I'm told to inform you that Her Majesty has left the residence abruptly without saying where she was going. Besides I'll come again when its time for both of you to be in bed."
He saw the butler walk away which he focused onto Olga who snarled "It's our Father locked up in a lunatic asylum being lucid again. Something my Mother has to go to whenever lucidity strikes just to keep him a lunatic and keep him contained. Only she using her Compeller's voice can keep our Father believing he's crazy enough to remain locked up. Nothing I can do about it at all."
Guardian frowned feeling a cold feeling going away from his chest as Olga and him wound up resuming shooting baskets. He and Olga kept it up lengthy till the wind blew knocking aside their balls. 
He sighed and spoke "I think its cue to go inside. Probably a spinner storm."
Guardian got from Olga in response as the winds blew harder "That's just Father fighting the lunacy trick Mother is pulling onto him. He habitually causes a wind storm to blow whenever Mother is using the Compeller's voice talent onto him. I recognize his handiwork."
Guardian spoke as he and Olga paused from throwing feeling the winds blow harder "Wind storm? What talent does our Father seem to have anyway?"
He eyed Olga who spoke in response as the winds died down abruptly "He can make the winds blow over the residence whenever Mother is using her Compeller's voice trick onto him. Doesn't matter where he and Mother are within Mahalia which the winds will blow over the residence as always."
Guardian frowned to hear a familiar Tsk sound to find the butler in view that spoke "Excuse me you're both wanted inside for lockdown status to happen for security reasons. Her Majesty left a message saying that she won't be in residence tonight but may return the next day when it's appropriate for her to do within security clears it."
He heard Olga groaning in response as he dropped the basketball and followed her following the butler into the residence to groan once the lights in the hallway went out. He found Olga turn into a white figure who stopped walking and went up to him taking his arm he didn't resist. He found various people forming moving white figured blobs in vicinity of his eyesight despite surrounded by darkness as Olga was sensed getting him to his familiar bedroom. 
Guardian found Olga speaking once they were inside the bedroom "Nothing you can do except go to bed. The wind storm must have triggered a power outage to hit the residence. Hence the lights off at the moment. Good night Victor."
He sighed finding her white blobbed figured form leaving him he hearing the door slam to blindly feel his way to the bed and forced himself to lie onto it shutting his eyes. 
Guardian heard a loud Hmph sound sounding in Egypt's voice tone jerked open his eyes to discover himself standing facing a set of steps and found Mordecai sideways facing him. Mordecai he saw was glaring at Egypt flapping her wings in fast movement over a scale that was tipping back and forth. 
He groaned softly to get Mordecai giving him a narrowed eyed glare in response followed by the male speaking "Desperate times call for desperate measures-"
He interrupted "Why don't you just let your sister Helena-"
Guardian was interrupted "I have no sister named Helena!'
He glared at Mordecai who added hearing Egypt hissing loudly "My life as Mordecai pouch brother of Helena ceased to exist. I'm now the Guardian of Life and Death. I am Death incarnate-"
Guardian interrupted "Spare me that talk Mordecai."
He glared at Mordecai who in a fast speed move was in front of him grabbing his armpits and thrusting him up to dangle his feet the male heard growling loudly. 
Guardian kept the glare as he found Mordecai speaking "Never call me by the name of Mordecai again."
He found himself lowered down then pushed backwards to fall landing onto his bed hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring its noises in a loud jarring tone. He rolled over groaning loudly only to feel a hand shaking his shoulder in an insisting move.
Guardian opened his eyes to find the butler there that spoke "You have duties to attend to Your Majesty."
He heard the firmness of the butler's voice tone groaned and got up going into the bathroom. He made sure he was short in cleaning himself in the shower and found the butler left a new suit of clothes on his bed he finding his original ones he left on the bathroom's sink counter gone. 
Guardian got into the suit he finding it twin to what Nikolas habitually worn to think to himself "Somebody is playing a game with the Queen and is using me as a game piece."
He heard nothing in response to his thought went back into the bathroom to brush his hair finding his eye implants had changed from Egyptian blue colored to Egyptian black colored. Guardian found his efforts to put his hair into a tail thwarted by the butler who yanked the hair brush from him and brushed his hair in a fast speed move before voice ordering him out. He found himself compelled to go to the dining room obeyed to find Olga there holding Nicky that did a double take look seeing him along with seeing her sipping her drink in her free hand in a fast move.
Guardian spoke "Don't tell me your Mother is still obsessed with our Father hence me groomed to look twin to him."
He sat down to eat his food finding Olga kept on sipping her drink till once consumed got her speaking "Nope on that Victor. I suspect its our Father's influence during lucidity at the lunatic asylum enough to get the staff members to do his orders to play a game with my Mother. Oof she won't take it good when she sees you. Oh well."
He ignored Olga to continue on taking in his food and drink and once done went to the office to sit on the couch as thrust to sit by the guards. He folded his arms with a glare on his face glaring at the doors to the office's entrance to find the Queen darting inside with a golden eyed glare that did a double take look seeing him. 
Guardian felt a compulsion to bare his teeth obeyed snapping them at the Queen's direction who snarled "Who's sick idea of a joke to have Victor be a Nikolas wannabe?!"
He kept his mouth into a thin line covering his teeth to find no one answered the Queen's question to glare at her as she went to sit down at the desk. 
He shifted to glare at her as the Queen spoke "Report!"
Guardian found the same old story involving the staff members reporting only to hear from a guard "There was an unexplained power outage hitting the residence for unexplained reasons last night. We were unable to find out why but-"
The guard was interrupted "Son of a bitch! That bastard!"
Guardian narrowed his eyes into a glare hearing the Queen's outburst to find the guard speaking ignoring her ranting her words repeatedly "The power outage last night was revealed to be an inside job of someone turning off the electricity. We're still running recordings to figure out who did this stunt in question enough to get them into the brig."
He found the Queen displaying a golden eyed look and he found himself compelled to speak spoke "I had nothing to do with that stunt. I was in the entrance's hallway when the lights went out with Olga escorting me to my bedroom. She told me to go to bed. We both were out on the lawn playing basketball of shooting the ball into the basket and talking on whatever came to mind just prior to getting inside."
Guardian clamped his mouth into a thin line only to feel compelled to bare his teeth obeyed snapping them aimed at the Queen who quit the golden eyed look to repeat her familiar question involving a Nikolas wannabe. 
He kept the glare as a staff member was heard "Your Majesty you've appeared to forgotten who fathered Victor."
He found the staff member cutting herself off when the Queen gave her glare.
He kept glaring at the Queen to find her speaking "Alright Victor quit looking at me like that. Send for the doctor to fix his eyes' implants. I want them back to the blue look status. I don't want to be reminded of Victor being like Nikolas despite my miserable excuse of a husband fathering him."
Guardian exhaled a breath to find the guards restraining him as the butler arrived into view to pick onto his eyes. 
He kept the glare as the butler replaced his eyes' implants followed by speaking "Anything else Your Majesty?"
Guardian heard the edge in the butler's voice tone that reminded him of sarcasm to find the Queen forming her familiar concentration look on her face while eyeing the butler. He shifted to eye the butler to find the male fading from view in a fast speed only to hear grunting and groaning sounds off his left. He looked to find the guards had their hands onto the butler and hauled him to the Queen who's concentration look remained followed by her flaring golden eyes.
Guardian got from the Queen "You bastard! It was you who played this sick joke of Nikolas wannabe onto Victor in question! Guards take this servant away and have him executed of having his head cut off immediately!"
He found the guards hauling the butler out of the room leaving him alone with the staff and the Queen as the door was slammed shut. He found the Queen giving him a familiar golden eyed look found his speaking compulsion refused to hit him. Guardian kept his mouth shut into a thin line as the Queen kept glaring at him with her golden eyes. He ignored throat clearing noises sounding in the room to keep silent till he heard a faint alarm sound he recognized as the Eli registering someone assassinated on the grounds. Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as the guards were sensed back into the room by one's familiar hand onto his shoulder keeping him onto the couch. 
He found a guard speaking Compeller's voice tones "Victor you will talk on what you know regarding this servant the butler playing a Nikolas wannabe joke onto the Queen."
Guardian found himself not compelled to speak instead kept his mouth shut as the guard kept up his Compeller's voice order finding it refused to take effect onto him. 
He leaned back into the couch folding his arms only to hear from the Queen "Blast that servant. I should have realized what he was trying to keep me from learning by that insulting talk sounding in his mind when I mind scanned him. He compelled ordered Victor to be immune to Compeller voice orders. Take that order back now guards."
He heard silence from the guards in response to hear loud ahem sounds sounding within the room to frown finding the Queen rolling her eyes and focusing onto a guard.
He found her speaking "Don't tell me you did that head chopping literally?"
Guardian heard groans from the guards in response to get from the Queen "Blast it. This will ruin everything."
He glared at the Queen who focused onto him with eyes narrowed before cocking her head and then spoke "Hmm I know what will get Victor to be a willing puppet. Get Victor out of the room now!"
He found the guards obeying to get him out of the room into the hallway while slamming the door in his face. Guardian grunted to hear a familiar Tsk sound to find the butler standing next to him alive and not having head chopped off to his shock. He stared at the butler that made a gesture for him to follow which he obeyed. He found the butler leading the way to outside to a sedan with black tinted windows and looking sinister creeping him out. He got ordered to get inside by the butler which he obeyed finding the servant disappearing in a light show. Guardian looked around the vehicle finding the driver's side was blocked out by blackness he unable to see who was driving him as he peered out the window seemingly lengthy. He found the vehicle driving through Victoria State only to reach a road he saw led to an insane asylum to feel confusion hitting him to why he was being sent there. Guardian frowned as the sedan arrived to the asylum's parking lot to find guards arriving to yank the door open and ordered him out using Compeller's voice tones. He obeyed to follow the guards a lengthy maze sensing himself spied on to find them halting once they reached a door finding it sliding open to hear a loud roaring noise. Guardian grimaced hearing the noise sounded of his Father to him. He walked into the room to find his Father Nikolas leaning against the padded wall wearing a straitjacket around his upper body and growling loudly. He kept his mouth shut waiting for his Father to acknowledge him to find the male's Egyptian black eyes focused onto him with recognition. 
Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as his Father spoke "Interesting. So what have the bitch been up to hmm?"
He found himself compelled to talk found himself relaying what he and Olga talked about while throwing basketballs at the basket. He kept his mouth into a thin line once done talking to find his Father giving off hysterical laughter in a crazy voice tone before clearing his throat.
Guardian eyed his Father who spoke "You're not just my son but this Mordecai's son as well."
He inhaled a breath to speak only to feel a hand on his arm to find a familiar guard from the palace there as his Father rammed himself into the wall while hysterically laughing. He groaned and didn't say a word in response left the cell with the guard following him to find himself led to a limo and got inside. Guardian found the Queen seated inside the limo giving him a frown but not flaring golden eyes. 
He spoke "My Father had some lucidity when he and I talked but became crazy in front of me."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and eyed the Queen who formed a pained expression on her face before opening her eyes and speaking "Alright I admit it. I do still love your Father at the moment. It's a love that is hard for me to drop. I'm still at the moment trying to forgive him for your creation. I do admit its jealousy talking when I refer to the woman who bore you actually. I just feel various ranges of emotions all over the place when I see you including that you came to exist via another instead of me."
Guardian sensed her words were the truth and genuine didn't comment a response instead kept his mouth shut. 
He spoke firmly after a lengthy silence to feel the vehicle driving into Victoria State "With due respects is the reason why you display this facial expression of pain related to your various emotions all over the place?"
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the Queen to get her speaking in response after displaying a familiar expression "That and reminders of painful times I had with your father."
He heard the familiar tone in her voice that indicted that she lied didn't press the matter further instead stared out the window seemingly lengthy. Guardian felt himself sleepy leaned against a guard to feel the male inject him with a syringe which he passed out unconscious to come to finding himself lying on the ground. He found himself lying on top of the car door while hearing a roaring noise of an eater explosion behind him. He looked behind him to discover the limo was engulfed in eater and at the bottom of a ravine where he was lying next to it. Guardian got up feeling himself annoyed with the Queen only to see darkness surrounding him and the inferno. He found Mordecai walking into view speaking his familiar line while showing scales behind the male. Guardian found Egypt floating behind Mordecai an annoyed expression on her face. 
He formed a glare while glaring at Mordecai to speak "Your desperate to kill me aren't you?"
Guardian glared at Mordecai who didn't say a word in response instead addressed Egypt "Remove this trash from my presence now!"
He found Egypt pushing him backwards to come to finding himself lying on a car door hearing an explosion sound. He grunted annoyed sound to get up shaking his head and looked at the limo bursting in fire in the bottom of the ravine with him. Guardian found himself alone while standing facing the inferno. He forced himself to climb the hill to the road which he collapsed into a kneeling pose once reaching the road to find ambulances and police cars there parked. He heard shouts of surprise to find medics and cops attending to him by getting him into an ambulance and putting an oxygen mask over his face and he passed out unconscious.

Guardian woke up with a start to feel a cat tummy sitting on his front purring vibrations going through him. He jerked open his eyes to find the cat an orange ball of fur stand up on four paws arching its back. Guardian stared at the cat warily who gave up a soft mew sound before giving off a loud ear splitting yowl which he grimaced from the yowling. He grimaced groaning only to find the cat yanked off of him by Nikolai who got the gonoid out of the room and returned giving him an all white eyed glare. 
Guardian kept his mouth shut as Nikolai spoke "Talk on what you and this Nikolas talked while at that lunatic asylum."
He heard the creepy voice of Mordecai from Nikolai spoke it entirely including repeating his Father's comment regarding himself as the son of him and Mordecai. 
Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as Nikolai shook away Mordecai's all white eyed look and spoke with blue eyes of an Egyptian "And what else do you remember happened next other than you survived this car explosion?"
He spoke firmly "I wound up meeting stepmother in the limo and falling asleep followed by drugged and then woke up finding myself out of the car while it was in an eater explosion from the looks of it. I managed to force myself to walk to the road to get medical help."
He clamped his mouth shut to find Nikolai looking away from him displaying his all white eyed look he noticing Egypt floating next to the male who was appearing to be staring at her. 
Guardian frowned as he heard "Have you forgotten your own son that your sister killed and your feelings towards him?"
He frowned hearing that question from Egypt to focus onto Nikolai he figured was Mordecai himself who didn't move his mouth when speaking.
Guardian instead heard Nikolai mentally blasting in his mind "Don't remind me of this Egypt!"
He frowned further as Egypt spoke while glaring at Nikolai "Don't deny it that you loved your son too much enough to want him to live again."
Guardian kept his mouth shut as Nikolai looked away displaying the Source through and got the male's creepy voice speaking through his mind "Yes I know of that love actually. My sister wound up knowing what's its like to have a child of her own when she got implanted with Olga. Hmph too bad my sister didn't share her love of me being her sibling towards me. I loved my sister but she didn't love me back. Instead she did whatever she could do to spite me including beheading my own son. She even got Lance Richard to believe her lies of me being a drunkard, a whore, and a thief and got the Deity to get me as disciple complete with his power uses."
Guardian spoke as Nikolai paused "You sure that she was thinking of you to have something special despite your Mother's feelings towards her?"
He got Nikolai holding up a hand and felt himself choking only to get from Egypt "Don't you dare choke my son when he's right on what he said. You didn't have anything mental power wise till that Deity Lance Richard gave you them and made you a disciple of him."
He sighed to breathe feeling the choking quit which he sighed while eyeing Nikolai who displayed an all white eyed look this time and turning around he spotted the Queen standing in the doorway alive with a golden eyed glare.
Guardian exhaled a breath as Nikolai was heard "So the bitch incarnate Queen Svetlana herself decided to grace me with her presence. Nice."
He exhaled another breath hearing Nikolai's creepy voice tone indicating of using the Source in control to get the Queen entering the room slamming the door.
The Queen spoke "You bastard! I should have known that you were behind Victor coming to existence! I got it straight from the hospital that you did something screwy around to create Victor! Don't deny it your bastard son of a bitch!"
Nikolai he heard spoke despite the Queen using a Compeller's voice tone "Insults. Hmm you've gone to insulting me hmm? Where's your manners Svetlana?"
Guardian sat up eyeing the Queen warily to find her speaking "Victor get up and throw yourself out the window now!"
He found himself compelled to get up only to halt when feeling paralysis hitting his feet once he was in front of the window. 
Guardian heard "So the bitch is desperate to destroy Victor such as that car explosion which his system was tested and he indicated on being drugged."
He again got the Queen's familiar order only to crawl onto the floor towards the window which he felt paralysis hitting his body from the neck down. 
Guardian kept his form still while struggling to breathe only to hear "Admit it you bastard that you love Victor enough to see him as your own son hence you keeping him alive!"
He breathed through his nose hearing the Queen's words as he heard "Does it matter on keeping him alive?"
Guardian heard from the Queen in response "You will pick up Victor and throw him out the window and make sure his light is extinguished."
He heard in response "I wouldn't be doing that stunt if I were you. I prefer to toss you out the window instead of doing it to Victor."
Guardian felt himself no longer paralysis to swing himself up in a fast move to stand giving the Queen a glare. 
He found the Queen still displaying golden eyes that spoke "You're Mordecai my brother!"
Guardian exhaled a breath to get from Nikolai in response "Interesting conclusion of calling me by that word of Mordecai whatever it is and accusing me as your brother. You know I'm not you bitch."
Guardian eyed the Queen to get from her speaking in response "Stop denying it Mordecai. I can tell that you're my brother from seeing the memory clearly in your mind from mind scanning you."
He heard Nikolai hiss loudly followed by the male speaking "Ah Helena so we meet again. Too bad Mother favored you with her blessings instead of letting me have anything I wanted despite I the heir to the throne."
He frowned as the Queen quit the golden eyed look and formed a pleading expression on her face he frowning to see. 
Guardian frowned as the Queen spoke "Mordecai please-"
She was interrupted he heard "Mordecai is dead since Abydos dissolved. I call myself Nikolai now. Don't dredge up the past Helena. Leave it buried where it should be."
He frowned while eyeing the Queen who kept the pleading followed by the female speaking "Nikolai please let me see Talia."
He exhaled a breath to get from Nikolai in response "So Talia is the name you're referring to her now despite she calls herself some other name. Nice try with your begging Helena. You know that won't work on me. You've forgotten what you did to my son didn't you hmm?"
He frowned eyeing the Queen who kept the pleading followed by she speaking "Nikolai then prove it that you don't care for Victor by letting him throw himself out the window. I'll quit my begging on seeing Talia if you do this for me."
Guardian got Nikolai giving off a loud growl sounding of Mordecai to him making him nervous seeing the Queen take a step back with fear on her face seen. He saw her appear to keep the fearful look as Nikolai marched up to her while putting a gloved hand onto her chin she averting her eyes from looking at the male. 
Guardian heard from Nikolai "I don't have to prove myself to you, you bitch. You killed my son. I haven't forgotten that incident Helena. Don't try to kill Victor. I made an oath to Nikolas your husband that I would keep him alive for him. You can ask Nikolas your husband on this if you want. He'll confirm this oath I made with my life."
He heard the voice tone of Nikolai indicating the male was lying to find Egypt floating next to the male who he heard spoke "He's your son Nikolai as you wish to be called."
Guardian heard nothing from Nikolai in response to Egypt's comment instead found the male releasing the Queen and stepping around her going to the door and opening it and walking out with the door slamming hard with a bang sound. He grimaced from the bang sound of the door only to hear a faint thump onto the door to frown as the Queen gave up a loud Hmph sound while seeing she had a smirk on her face. 
Guardian spoke "What did you do this time Stepmother?"
He glared at the Queen who noticed him standing quit the smirk and formed a pained grimace followed by hearing a door knocking sound of three knocks. He frowned as the Queen still grimacing went to the door and yanked it open to find Nikolai grabbing the female by the neck and lifting her up choking loudly. 
He heard from Nikolai speaking as the Queen appeared to be clawing the male's hand onto her throat "Bitch I should kill you anyway."
He saw a palace guard behind Nikolai in a fast speed move inject the male with a syringe followed by the man dropping the Queen onto the floor who gasped loudly. 
He frowned as Nikolai collapsed onto the floor he hearing from the male blaring in his mind "Egypt is desperate to keep you alive Victor hence she making a bargain with my sister to destroy me."
Guardian frowned as Nikolai appeared to fall unconscious without hearing another word from him to find the Queen getting up awkwardly and looking at Egypt as if she could see the female. 
He stiffened as the Queen looked away with disgust on her face followed by speaking "Guards get Nikolai to the palace and into the brig now!"
Guardian found guards coming into the room picking up an unconscious Nikolai to find the Queen giving off a smirk making his senses blaring warning abruptly. 
He stiffened as the Queen spoke in a Compeller's voice "Victor you will throw yourself out the window."
"No!" Guardian heard from Egypt as he heard hysterical laughter from the Queen as he obeyed to her Compeller's order throwing himself out the window while hearing an alarm sound. 
Guardian found himself falling towards the road only to feel claws grab him onto his shoulders where his hospital gown was. He felt the claws belonged to Ryder Hawk grabbed the gonoid's legs and kept a tight hold as the gonoid flew in the air still clinging to him. Guardian found Ryder Hawk flying lengthy he finding the gonoid flying around before letting go of him which he obeyed to fell into a body of water. Guardian swam up to the surface to find a life raft thrown to him which he caught and got towed to the shore. He found the owner of the lift raft was Daisuke from the looks of him who appeared to look angry to him. 
Guardian didn't say a word while shivering from the cold of snow falling around him to find Daisuke speaking with the Source in control "Come along now."
He obeyed to walk in the snow while shivering to figure that he was in Republic State to find the city of Yekaterinburg in view finding Daisuke walking lengthy ignoring him pestering the male with questions. Guardian followed Daisuke to find the male leading to Daria Mustafina's street address to find the male stopping in front of a house not Daria's and walking up to the door waving a hand. He found the doors opening followed by a cat walking out to get onto Daisuke's shoulder giving off a loud meow in a friendly tone. He sighed and followed Daisuke inside to find Olivia from the looks of her entering the living room with a frown. Guardian saw recognition form in Olivia's eyes seeing him as he didn't say a word as Olivia got him into the kitchen to eat food and gave him clothes he recognized as his from staying at Daria's house. Guardian sighed feeling himself much better from the nourishment and clothes on his form and feeling the heat of the house to frown finding Olivia sitting across him in a chair. He saw the frown on her face but recognized the questioning look in her eyes.
Guardian spoke "Something you want to know?"
He found Daisuke no where in sight along with the cat he sensed neither one were staring from a hiding place.
Guardian frowned as Olivia spoke "Your my brother Victor and King of Mahalia."
He sighed hearing Olivia's comment was a statement and not a question spoke firmly "Yes I'm what you said. Besides your Mother wants to meet you."
He clamped his mouth into a frown as Olivia spoke "I know of that desire to meet me. Days told me but has been balking on explaining why we keep on moving all over the place."
Guardian opened his mouth only to feel a choking feeling in his throat to find Daisuke in the room with the cat on his shoulder. 
He clamped his mouth shut as Olivia spoke "Days, admit it you don't want me to meet my Mother. Hence this ridiculous moving all over the place."
He found himself able to breathe to give Daisuke a glare to find the male speaking "I already met your Mother multiple times. She creeps me out enough to want to avoid her. I refused to have you be scared of her despite she scaring me. I figured once I'm over being scared of her is when you can meet her but she still scares me at the moment."
Guardian heard the doorbell ringing frowned as Daisuke formed a fearful expression on his face followed by the male speaking "Olivia go answer the door. Your Mother is here to meet you. I can sense her at the door at the moment."
Guardian frowned but remained seated as Olivia went out of the kitchen to hear a shriek sounding of Egypt's voice followed by hearing a door slam. He frowned as Daisuke kneeled rocking his form and crying tears and looking upset. Guardian didn't say a word in response went out of the kitchen to the living room to find Olivia not in sight with the door shut. He went to the door to peer through the peephole to find a sinister sedan peeling away in a fast move through the street ignoring other cars driving by some drivers seen waving fists aimed at the vehicle. He opened the door and peered outside finding Olivia no where in sight but found a book on the porch's floor which he picked up to look only to get it yanked from his hand. 
Guardian found Daisuke standing next to him that threw the book into the house followed by the male speaking "Come with me. You should be home in Victoria State. I need to get you to the airport and help pay for your ticket since you don't seem to have any money."
He exhaled a breath to find Daisuke dumping the cat outside that gave up a loud yowl and shutting both doors locking it followed by following the male walking in a brisk pace to the bridge leading to Yekaterinburg. He frowned as a limo stopped by them followed by Daisuke hiding behind him with hands gripping his sides and hearing the male hissing loudly. Guardian found the Queen getting out displaying a golden eyed look making him gulp to find her gesturing him to get into the vehicle. He found Daisuke throwing himself off the bridge to find a Ryder Hawk catching the male and flying away in a fast speed move. Guardian went into the limo to sit facing the Queen to find her questioning him on meeting Olivia and her residence. He didn't comment a response as the limo drove to Olivia's house only to see it erupt in a huge fireball which the limo drove away instead of stopping in front of it. 
Guardian got the Queen speaking "Talk Victor on what happened to Talia now!"
He spoke firmly "I found her gone from the residence after her husband had her answer the doorbell."
He frowned as the Queen spoke "What else did you see Victor?"
Guardian spoke "I saw a sedan with black tinted windows giving me the creeps driving away from the residence in a fast speed move aggravating fellow drivers."
Guardian clamped his mouth into a thin line to get the Queen snarling "You bastard Mordecai did this stunt to me!"
He exhaled a breath to find the Queen speaking gibberish sounding like she was angry to him. He kept his mouth shut to look away out the window to find the limo arriving to the bridge to park followed by the guards forcing him out. Guardian felt annoyance take hold as the guards got him over the edge of the bridge towards the raging maelstrom waters below and dropped him. Guardian groaned as he felt claws of a Ryder Hawk catch him followed by flying seemingly lengthy following the raging river only to drop him onto the deck of a boat. He found himself forced to stand by hands grabbing him to find himself restrained by the two familiar vampires to find them growling while baring fanged teeth aimed at him. Guardian stiffened as the vampires placed hands onto his chest he feeling dizziness and choking feeling. He choked as he felt pain from his throat that felt like pricks of bites he recalled what it was. Guardian heard a sucking sound from the biting sensation from his throat. He gagged as the sensation quit followed by licking felt then felt himself not long dizzy but sick in his stomach. Guardian kept his mouth shut as the vampires he figured fed off him hauled him onto the edge of the boat's deck and proceeded to toss him off into the water. He felt himself sleepy and unable to reach the surface heard a roaring noise sounding familiar along with hearing the word No repeated. Guardian felt himself passing out unconscious.

Guardian came to dreaming of Helena walking into a prison from the looks of stone walls to enter a jail cell while escorted with guards. Helena had torches lighted in the jail cell she having a glare on her face. Helena glared at a male chained sitting on the floor looking like he was asleep to her. 
She glared as she spoke "Wake him up now!"
Her order got obeyed by the guards dumping a pail of dirty water onto the male's face who woke up with a glare with Egyptian blue eyes despite the hair black covering most of the face. 
Helena leaned forwards speaking "Hello Mordecai. Something you should be doing other than drinking yourself drunk enough to get the townsfolk to toss you out? Tell me why I should spare your life now!"
Mordecai spoke in response "Oh just have me fell onto my sword and be done with my life sister dear."
Helena spoke in response after straightening up her form "Mordecai drinking yourself drunk isn't the way to live brother dear. Think of something else now."
Mordecai got up despite the guards baring their swords the male snarling "Mother favored you Helena with the crown despite I the heir to the throne! I was born first! I should have been crowned King! Instead Mother favored you and got Father to die so she could give you the crown of Abydos! Don't deny it Helena! You killed Mother and my son Mordecai so you could have the throne to yourself!"
Helena walked up towards Mordecai and slapped him onto the cheek the male growling an angry sound in response.
Helena spoke "I'll see that the Deity Lord Lance Richard will punish you once the time arrives. Guards knock him out now!"
Mordecai kept up the growling the male displaying an all black eyed look as guards hit him on the head with the butt of their swords the male going unconscious in front of them. 

Part Six: Control

Guardian grunted from a fist hitting his stomach he finding himself chained again to jerk open his eyes finding himself back in the King's residence in the gym room as a guard punched him. He glared at the Queen standing in sight with a golden eyed glare. Guardian spoke the dream fully to see the Queen form a pained expression on her face followed by forming a glare aimed at him. 
He glared at the Queen in response as she spoke "Alright enough of the fisting now!"
He found the guard quit to his relief to find himself urged to free himself obeyed breaking off the chains. Guardian heard gun cocking noises ignored it to fold his arms glaring at the Queen who formed a glare in response. 
Guardian glared as the Queen spoke "What special ability do you have involving freeing yourself Victor?"
He heard the firmness of her voice not using the Compeller in control heard from Egypt in response "Queen bitch its I doing this stunt."
Guardian found the Queen looking pass him he sensing Egypt behind him by the noise of her flapping wings sounding. 
He ignored Egypt to focus onto the Queen who shifted to look at him followed by her speaking "Alright have the samples been taken from Nikolas and Victor, doctor?"
He found the familiar butler walking into view that spoke "Yes the samples have been taken from Nikolas and sent to the hospital. Samples are already done on Victor when he was hospitalized. They'll send the results over once their done with the tests. They'll be sure to let you know where Victor was born according to tests saved for each baby born in Mahalia."
Guardian recalled the midwife's job spoke firmly "You sure that the hospital kept records for each baby? I was raised by a midwife who helped females birth babies at home. There was nothing to indicate of a test done onto the females and their babies when they had them at home."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear an ahem sound loudly followed by the Queen walking up towards him till an arm length away and giving him a glare. He glared back feeling himself not afraid of the Queen as she glared back onto him.
Guardian kept the glare as the Queen spoke "The midwife's job was to get samples from the babies she did via the cords and baby attachment carriers. She had them sent to hospitals to keep records of the females and their babies. Also the hospitals kept records of the females coming into there claiming some pregnancy status and wanting that confirmed. They did samples onto the females and samples onto the babies. A hospital will probably have tested you for matching you with your Father after your Mother birthed you at her home and not hospitalized as thought. The results are there in their records. I will find out what the results are period."
Guardian spoke in response as the Queen paused "Are you desperate to prove something Stepmother?'
He glared at the Queen who formed a pained expression on her face followed by turning around and walking out of the room followed by two of the guards. He found the butler standing giving off a Tsk sound which he glared at the male.
The butler spoke "Excuse me Your Majesty but this isn't the proper room for you to sleep in. Go to your bedroom and get some rest now."
He obeyed without a comment and went to the teenaged boy room to get onto the bed shutting his eyes. Only to hear a meow along with pressure onto his front which he jerked open his eyes to discover a cat sitting on him. Guardian frowned as the cat tummy sat giving off purring vibrations which he sighed and shut his eyes lulled to sleepiness. He came to hearing the alarm clock blaring in his ear groaned to feel a cat's paw patting his face along with multiple meowing sounds. He sighed and opened his eyes to discover the cat was sitting on his front patting his face. He eyed the alarm clock to discover it was four o'clock in the morning to his confusion despite the darkness of the room. Guardian sensed himself stared at he figured was from the cat only to find a white blobbed figure walk into view in the darkness he eyed warily. 
Guardian frowned as the figure walked up towards him and heard "How many fingers am I holding up?"
He found the voice belonged to the butler and held up two fingers the male was holding up. 
Guardian opened his mouth to speak only to get the butler covering it and speaking "The test is to make sure the implants are working fine. So go back to sleep now. You look like you could use the rest. Excuse the cat."
Guardian shut his eyes as the butler forced him to lie down to dream of Mordecai speaking "Olga managed to get her Mother to agree to have the cat in residence to prey on the mouser gonoid problem. Olga was rather put out by that the staff would be using poison onto the residence to kick out the mousers. She used Nicky as an excuse to have no poisoning done and have the cat do the job. Her mother agreed for Nicky's sake she recalling her childhood residence in Abydos having cats galore to prey onto the mousers."
Guardian opened his mouth to speak only to hear a loud meow sounding loudly to look off his right as Mordecai did the same to find a female with a cat's head crouching onto her feet and wearing a white dress with a crown on her head. 
He exhaled a breath to get from Mordecai "Interesting High Priestess. You got Olga to fall for your charms enough to get one of your disciples into Victor's residence didn't you?"
He frowned as the female spoke in a hissing voice "Acknowledge that Victor is your son now Mordecai-"
Mordecai interrupt "Egypt got you to speak her cause. Hmph-"
Guardian found Mordecai interrupted "I can only help you as far as I can Guardian. It's up to you to get the help you need."
He heard the familiar meow followed by an alarm clock blaring to come to finding himself lying in bed with the cat still sitting on his front. He groaned from the alarm clock only to feel the cat patting his face and meowing loudly in an insisting tone. Guardian jerked opened his eyes to find sunlight streaming through the window despite the blinds open. He looked at the clock to see the time was eight o'clock in the morning. Guardian groaned as the cat rubbed its face onto his chin and gave him several licks while meowing in pleading tones. He sighed and forced himself to get up after the cat got off his front which he went into the bathroom while hearing the door to the bedroom open. He ignored the noise to shower quickly and walked out of the bathroom finding the butler there that had laid clothes onto the bed. Guardian got dressed into his clothes he finding wasn't his Father's style instead was something else and no bullet proof vest. He didn't protest as the butler brushed his hair for him followed by declaring him done. Guardian walked out followed by the butler giving off his familiar Tsk sound.
He halted to glare at the butler who spoke "Dining room. You need nourishment."
He obeyed finding the butler leading the way to find Olga inside holding Nicky who was cooing away. He found Olga sipping from a cup appearing to look brown and alcoholic to him. Guardian sat down and took in his nourishment including drinking the drink he finding his senses again blaring warning. 
He grunted an annoyed sound once done drinking the orange juice to lean back in the chair only to hear "Shouldn't you be in the office?" 
Guardian sighed hearing Olga's voice and comment got up finding the butler next to him. He found the butler leading the way to the office which inside he found the Queen seated a glare on her face. 
Guardian found himself forced to sit on the couch as he heard "About time you arrived Victor. You wasted my patience by refusing to wake up from some sleeping status since six o'clock in the morning. The alarm clock was used onto you multiple times which you refused to wake up and kept on slumbering. Don't pull this stunt onto me again Victor."
He gave a head bob in response only to feel a hand whack the back of his head. 
He grunted as he heard "Apologize Victor."
Guardian felt the whacking quit as he spoke with a sarcastic voice tone "I apologize for being rude."
He again got the whacking to glare at the guard who spoke "Speak it like you mean it Victor."
He noticed the Queen smirking spoke his comment in a firm voice tone while eyeing her in the eyes. 
Guardian got nothing more from the guard as the Queen spoke "Is there something you want to admit Victor?"
He again got the head whack to keep his mouth shut in a thin line only to get from a guard "Talk Victor on why you overslept in bed."
Guardian spoke firmly "I didn't sleep well. I woke up multiple times during my sleep till morning around four o'clock is when I passed out."
He felt himself annoyed with what he said kept his mouth into a thin line to get the Queen displaying a golden eyed look in response followed by she speaking "Don't lie to me Victor. I can tell lies from the truth. So tell me the truth now."
Guardian heard the firmness of her voice tone spoke in response "I was woken up around four o'clock for an eye exam of my eyes. Didn't the hospital test me on that?"
He glared at the Queen who quit the golden eyed glare and got from her loudly "Transport Nikolai to me now!"
He heard the Compeller's voice tone found a light show to show Nikolai wearing a straitjacket and white too small pants standing in the room with eyes all black looking. 
He exhaled a breath as the Queen spoke "Something you want to admit to me brother dear?"
Nikolai he eyed gave up a spit sound in response which he found the male forced into a kneeling position by guards and one having a hand onto his long black hair keeping a tight ironclad hold. Guardian found a guard kept him into a sitting position on the couch as he squirmed to look at Nikolai. He kept his mouth into a thin line as the Queen he saw got up and walked around the desk going to Nikolai to stand in front of the male. Guardian frowned as the Queen placed hands onto Nikolai's cheeks and formed her familiar concentration look onto her face while staring at Nikolai who got forced to remain still by guards. He found the Queen forming a pained expression on her face followed by releasing Nikolai to rub hands onto her own cheeks and groaning loudly. Guardian frowned finding the guard restraining him gone to the Queen to put hands onto her shoulders and appeared to be hugging her. He got up to stand finding the Queen giving off wailing noises as he found Nikolai disappearing in a light show as ordered by a guard using Compeller's voice tones. He found himself ignored by the guards standing around the Queen who kept on crying her cries turning hysterical. Guardian felt disgust take hold walked out of the room shutting the double doors only to meet a guard blocking his way. 
He glared at the guard that jabbed a finger towards the office speaking "Inside now!"
Guardian obeyed to walk into the office despite manipulating the doors to find the Queen seated at the desk she having her familiar sneer on her face despite fear in her eyes seen when they fell onto him. He again got thrust to sit onto the couch by the guards and felt a hand onto his shoulder kept him sitting. Guardian didn't comment a response glared at the Queen from his sitting position to find her groaning loudly while rubbing a hand onto her forehead. He heard multiple ahem noises sounding in the room to get the Queen shaking her head and forming her familiar sneer. He glared at the Queen in response while clearing his throat. 
Guardian found the Queen looking in his direction with nervousness seen followed by she speaking "Remind me not to have Nikolai's mind scanned period."
Guardian heard the fearful tone of her voice frowned forming it on his face as he heard typing noises to figure it was the secretary typing onto the laptop. 
He ignored the noises of the laptop typing to hear from the Queen again "So Victor what do you know of your creation?"
Guardian spoke firmly "Involves medical manipulation of implantation and injections."
He clamped his mouth shut to get the Queen widening her eyes followed by a fear look before appearing to compose herself and she speaking "Alright Victor. I'll admit it. Nikolas keeps on claiming during his crazy moments when I visit him that this Mordecai fathered you too other than him fathering you. I'm not sure if you got this talk from him did you?"
Guardian spoke keeping the firm voice tone "He mentioned this Mordecai in my presence while appearing to be lucid but went crazy again before he could explain."
He kept his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing the Queen to get her speaking "Alright I do know of a Mordecai. He's my pouch brother who's locked up in a lunatic asylum with Nikolas at the moment. He's been going around as this Nikolai Crimson claiming to be Charles Crimson's own offspring. Now Charles in question had his light extinguished seen throwing himself out of the window of his residence during a period of drinking himself drunk. No one has been identified as Charles' own offspring in question hence his company going to the Duke of Megiddo to handle and take care of."
He exhaled a breath sensing the Queen lied by her voice tone instead kept his mouth into a thin line while eyeing the female as he heard ahem noises sounding in the room. 
Guardian got from the Queen in response "Alright Parliament is meeting soon. They require the ruler at the time which is you Victor to give out a speech on the status of the kingship title. I have something in mind for you to talk about."
He stiffened from her wording using the word kingship to frown as the Queen proceeded to lecture him on what he was to do while giving a speech to the government. 

Guardian stood in Parliament's government room standing in front of the pulpit giving out his speech worded by the Meritanians blaring in his mind he heard sounded like they were compelled to speak the words to him. He heard the grumpy voice tone of Tut as he gave out the speech to Parliament that sounded like Tut's disagreement with use to voice the speech to him. Guardian felt himself confused hearing the speech's words from Tut sounded like he himself was taking control of Mahalia as their ruler and King and expected to be acknowledged as the heir to the throne. He heard nothing more from Tut to feel the mind scanning quit which he got an applause from the Parliament's members who stood up applauding some seen having looks of relief on their faces he saw. He kept his mouth into a King's mask smile of not baring his teeth as trained by the Queen to do it as he looked around eyeing each member of Parliament acknowledging him. Guardian felt a compulsion to walk away obeyed while giving a head bob as traditionally done by Kings after a speech and walked to meet the Queen standing near the doorway holding Nicky in her arms. He didn't say a word towards the Queen instead stopped in front of her he noticing she had a pained expression on her face. Guardian heard gasps sounding along with an applause quitting followed by booing sounds. He heard the booing to eye the Queen firmly in the eyes to get her doing a curtsy in response despite she keeping her eyes averted towards Nicky. He found the booing quit to his relief walked away sensing her following till they reached the hallway leading to outside to hear gibberish spoken from the Queen along with Olga coming into sight to yank Nicky from her. Guardian sighed and ignored the Queen finding the guards halting the walk to restrain him in an ironclad hold. He glared at the Queen who kept walking back and forth in front of him in a pace while appearing to be throwing a hissy fit Olga calls them during one of their periods of playing basketball games. He glared at the Queen as he sensed someone was spying onto them ignored the spying to focus onto the female who kept on her pacing back and forth.
This was followed by her snarling "Blast the members of Parliament for booing me! They still are stuck to their sick minds on wanting a King to lead them instead of accepting me!"
He stiffened as he sensed the spying was a recorder recording the scene kept his mouth shut into a thin line only to hear "He's indicating on someone is spying onto us."
Guardian grunted an annoyed sound as the Queen spoke firmly using Compeller's voice tone "Spy come forwards now!"
He heard a meow to find a cat wearing a camera on its collar walking forwards into sight from hiding behind a curtain to get onto the Queen's shoulder and meowing loudly. Guardian eyed the cat warily to find the Queen yanking the gonoid off her shoulder and yanking the camera off its collar despite resistance from the fuzzy. 
He found the Queen tossing a guard the camera followed by her ordering once dropping the cat "Meritanians you will dump this cat into an eater mountain now!"
He stiffened as the cat disappeared into a light show while hearing snickering like laughter sounding in his mind sounding of the Meritanians. 
Guardian found the Queen speaking "Shut up you stinking plants with you noises and be quiet now!"
He heard nothing more from the Meritanians instead focused onto the Queen to find her adding "Anyway let's get out of here now."
Guardian found himself freed from hand holds to follow the Queen out of the building she taking the lead he hearing booing from the presses' people gathered outside. 
He heard loudly "Boo bitch!"
Guardian exhaled a breath hearing the voice sounded of Nikolai's to him but didn't sound like it came from him as he followed the Queen to the limo a long length covered truck. He got inside only to get restrained by the guards to find the Queen giving him a golden eyed glare.
Guardian found himself compelled to speak spoke "The voice sounded like that Mordecai you said was locked up calling himself Nikolai Crimson."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line to find the vehicle felt in motion along with freed from the guards' holds. He eyed the Queen who formed a faraway look on her face he frowning on what was going on with her. Guardian kept eyeing the Queen warily who shut her eyes with a concentration look on her face. 
He frowned to find the Queen opening her eyes with them golden followed by she snarling "Mordecai's out of containment along with Nikolas. Someone betrayed me and set them free. I'll have the betrayer's head chopped off if once I find out who pulled this stunt onto me."
Guardian spoke still using a firm voice tone "You sure that their out of containment? Someone could have just moved them from their jail cells-"
He was interrupted by a hand clamping over his mouth by a guard to focus onto the male who whispered "Her Majesty sees all like an all seeing deity as she is a Goddess."
He saw the familiar expression of reverence in the guard's eyes when they fell onto the Queen who removed his hand and bowed his head while sitting back. Guardian eyed the Queen warily to find her giving him a glare of golden eyes which he kept his mouth into a thin line and refused to budge from staring at her. He found a guard forcing his head down which he kept his eyes onto the Queen who ignored his staring to shut her eyes and appeared to be focusing onto seeing something by her concentration facial expression. Guardian kept his mouth shut as the truck got to the residence followed by getting out with the guards and the Queen he forced to lead the way into the palace. Guardian found Olga inside holding onto Nicky while displaying her familiar all red eyed look which he noticed she was glaring at the Queen. He kept his mouth into a thin line as he was forced to lead the way to the office finding himself forced to sit into the couch as the Queen sat in the desk's chair. 
Guardian glared at the Queen with annoyance running through him finding she speaking "Anyhow I know who betrayed me. Meritanians transport one Cruz Miller of Mahalia continent to my office now!"
He found the male appearing into a light show who got forced into a kneeling pose by the guards having an ironclad hold onto the man. 
Guardian found the male Cruz Miller he assumed was him not speaking instead got from the Queen "You think I won't find out that you betrayed me didn't you Mister Miller?"
He frowned as Cruz was heard "Boo bitch!"
He heard the voice tone sounded of Mordecai to him to find the male slumping over as if dead. Guardian eyed the guards lowering Cruz onto the floor and appeared to be doing heart beater restart work onto the male along with patting him on his face. The guards quit once the Queen went up to them they all kneeling on one knee. 
He got up in response to glare at the Queen she noticing his glare and speaking "Meritanians dump this Cruz Miller's body into an eater mountain now!"
Guardian heard her compeller's voice tone found Cruz disappearing into a light show as he felt the guards restrain him and brought him to the Queen's presence. 
He formed a glare aimed at the Queen who spoke "Who's voice did this Cruz Miller spoke in?"
Guardian kept his mouth shut as the guard was heard "He knows who's voice it is from the feel of him."
Guardian got the Queen flaring golden eyes spoke firmly "Cruz sounded like the Guardian of Life and Death you used twin voice tones to this prisoner in a jail cell in the brig I overheard the conversation."
He got from a guard "He knows who the prisoner is."
Guardian spoke firmly "I know him by the name of Herod and no other names."
He again heard from a guard "He knows more than what's he's not saying regarding this Herod."
Guardian glared at the Queen and spoke firmly "Herod is some Compeller that was paired to a staff member a maid named Jacinda who was working for you on the care of Nicky."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line to hear from a guard "And Victor? What else aren't you not admitting hmm?"
Guardian kept his mouth shut in a thin line he felt a compulsion to speak obeyed to speak "Herod has admitted to not working for Brittany but in contact with them via middle man. Brittany's ruler according to Herod isn't sure of what to do towards Mahalia. Either retake Mahalia or wreck up your attempts for ruler position Stepmother. Give or take either one the ruler is doing whichever is easy for their King to do."
Guardian again clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to find the guards releasing him to find the Queen going to back to sit down and again getting a pained expression on her face. He again got forced to sit onto the couch to feel pressure of a cat on his lap along with a meow sounding loudly. 
Guardian heard groaning noises sounding in the room followed by hearing "Get that gonoid out of my sight now!"
He got up holding the cat expertly which squirmed in his hand's grips to walk out of the room and got urged to release the gonoid. He obeyed and met a guard that ordered him back into the room. Guardian obeyed to get into the room only to feel pressure onto his foot he looked down to find a mouse gonoid sitting on his shoe grooming itself. 
Guardian groaned as the Queen gave up a loud shriek he finding her standing on the chair and yelling "Get that thing out of my sight now!"
He bent down and with a hand grabbed the mouse by the tail who squeaked an annoyed sound despite the Queen screaming loudly drowning the noises. He took the gonoid out of the room to drop it into a pail held by the butler as if compelled. Guardian got ordered back inside the office which he obeyed to get forced to sit down in the couch. He glared at the Queen finding a guard had her in a hugged hold and was trying to sooth her from her scare. He kept up the glare as the Queen shook off the guard's hold and resumed sitting down in the desk she forming a sneer and saw fear in her eyes. Guardian kept his mouth shut into a thin line as there were multiple ahem noises sounding of the guards' to him. He glared at the Queen as the staff members droned their reports they sounding the same with no change. 
Guardian found the Queen concentrating onto the secretary typing onto the laptop followed by the female snarling "You bitch! You sent the presses an email of our conversations!"
Guardian heard groaning tones in the room to find the secretary ignoring the Queen's outburst instead was continuing on typing into the laptop. He frowned as the Queen had another angry outburst this time focused onto a guard standing next to her. He found the Queen having outbursts of anger onto each staff members, guards and didn't spare him of the anger. Guardian groaned softly as the Queen got up once she was done with her outburst and went to him slapping a hand onto his cheek.
He glared at the Queen despite grimacing from her hand's slap who snarled "You bastard son of Mordecai! You had to come back from the dead to torment me didn't you?!"
He stiffened from her words as she again slapped him to find Egypt appearing into view speaking "Boo bitch!"
Guardian groaned hearing the voice sounded of Mordecai to him to find the Queen giving Egypt a glare and snarling "You had to insult me didn't you?"
Guardian heard ahem sounds in the room frowned as the Queen looked away to resume looking at him with a glare. 
He felt a compulsion to speak spoke "Baa!"
Guardian clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with what he said as he glared at the Queen finding himself restrained by the guards. He again gave up the Baa sound and kept on baaing loudly till a guard clamped a hand over his mouth cutting him off. 
Guardian glared at the Queen who snarled "Don't tempt me to have you dumped into an eater mountain for insulting me Victor with that noise your making indicating you as sheep and I as the sheep herder."
Guardian kept the glare in response to feel the guards force him into a standing position to hear "He's not sorry for insulting you Goddess."
He exhaled a breath hearing the voice from a guard holding onto him to realize with a start to why they were holding him which was to feel his moods. 
Guardian inhaled and spoke firmly once his mouth was freed "Why isn't you using your Goddess deity powers to see where your Nikolas and your brother went hmm?"
He glared at the Queen to hear "He's serious on his question Goddess."
Guardian kept the glare only to hear a squeaking sound of a mouse to look down as if compelled to find a mouse sitting on the Queen's shoed foot. He heard a shriek of fear from the Queen followed by the mouse flying in the air as if kicked from her foot only to catch the gonoid with both hands after freed from the guards. Guardian restrained the mouse as the Queen kept on shrieking he finding her going to the desk's chair to stand on it while crying and screaming of terror. Guardian ignored the Queen to walk out of the room to meet the familiar butler having a bucket which he dumped the mouse inside finding himself compelled to go back inside the office. He again got compelled to sit down onto the couch and sat watching the Queen have a crying fit along with a hissy angry fit onto himself and people in the room once she calmed down from her terror. 
He shifted to glare at the floor ignoring the Queen's hissy fit onto a guard she heard "You bastard didn't do anything to get rid of that gonoid! Keep them out now! Tell Olga if that cat gonoid doesn't catch that gonoid next time it's in the office I'm ordering poison to be done onto the residence! It was Olga's idea to have that fuzzy to catch those terrible things! Ugh!'
Guardian ignored the Queen ranting her words and repeating them including saying various gibberish like words to his confusion. He frowned hearing her speaking gibberish that sounded familiar to him but wasn't sure where the language was from. Guardian again got the guards restraining him into a standing position followed by the Queen marching up towards him as he felt his familiar spying sense going off. He found the guards balked on saying anything on his spying sense instead kept silent as the Queen proceeded to use him as punching bag for her fists all over his front and not sparing his sensitive part. He grunted from her fisting a hand clamped over his mouth this time he unable to tell her off on the punching. Guardian kept the glare in response to find the Queen stomping away going back to the desk and sitting down with a loud Hmph sound. He heard a squeak sound indicated of a mouse gonoid in the room he heard sounded of death to him. Guardian looked down as if compelled once freed from the guard's grips to find the familiar cat in the room chewing and batting onto a mouse caught between its paws he noticed was still.
Guardian heard ahem noises sounding in the room to hear a shriek from the Queen followed by "Get them both out now!"
He obeyed to pick up the mouse by the tail that remained still and got the cat out of the room following him that appeared to paw his legs in an effort to get the gonoid. 
He ignored the cat to get out into the hallway finding the butler there that spoke "Hand me the mouser now. I'll see that the cat eats it in peace without anyone disgusted by it."
Guardian obeyed to get ordered into the office by another guard which he mentally spoke in response as he went to sit down on the couch "What's with her obsession of being in the office anyway?"
He felt his mind scanned when he spoke his question to glare at the Queen finding she wasn't scanning him instead had her head down onto the desk with her arms pillowing it. He kept the glare as the guards one at a time got him and the staff members out of the office in a quiet move. 
Guardian found the guards in the room entering the room and shutting the doors quietly which he found a guard speaking "I'll lead you to where you're to go."
He didn't say a word in response followed the guard to the King's residence instead of his familiar teenager boy bedroom to find himself led to the ruler's main bedroom and got ordered inside. Guardian walked inside to find the cat sitting on the floor munching onto the mouse he felt disgust take hold to find the guard followed him inside. 
Guardian glared at the guard who spoke "Goddess has ordered bedrooms to be switched this time. You're to take this bedroom while the Goddess takes your old one."
He spoke as the guard made a movement to leave "Would the cat have something to do with the switchover?"
He got from the guard "Sorry I'm not at liberty to say what the Goddess is thinking. What she orders you and whoever here obeys period."
Guardian sighed and found the guard leaving the room which he felt sleepiness went to lie down onto the bed only to hear multiple annoying squeaking sounds next to him. He lifted up the pillow next to him to find a mouse attending to offsprings about five of them he counted and was busy removing them from his presence. Guardian groaned and didn't say a word instead continued to lay down after throwing the pillow onto the floor he hearing an annoyed meow. He ignored the meowing and without a word shut his eyes to pass out unconscious only to come to facing Mordecai speaking his familiar line again making him annoyed. 
Guardian got Egypt appearing into sight flapping her wings over the scale as Mordecai turned around snarling "He's poisoned! He should be dead from the poisoned status!"
He stiffened from Mordecai's words to hear in response a loud meow to find the familiar cat female appearing into view he figured was named High Priestess who was again in a crouch position. 
Guardian eyed High Priestess who spoke "Acknowledge him Mordecai!"
Mordecai he eyed turned around to glare at High Priestess as he felt a pawing onto his face along with a loud meow found the cat female straightening up her form and darting towards him with her hands out. He frowned as High Priestess reached him and hugged him before he felt her bite his neck along with scratching his cheek. He grunted from the pain as High Priestess released him to push him backwards. Guardian found himself lying in bed feeling pain onto his throat and pain onto his cheek as he continued to feel a cat's paw pawing his face. He jerked open his eyes unseeing in the darkness to find the cat appeared in a white blobbed gonoid shape that quit pawing him followed by rubbing its face onto his chin. He heard the begging meows from the cat groaned and forced himself to get up blindly seeking the lamp. Guardian found the lamp with effort and turned it on to find the cat on the floor pawing the pillow he tossed while meowing in begging tones. He sighed and went to the pillow to grab lifting it up finding a mouse underneath it appearing to be dead while holding a baby mouse in its mouth. He sighed again and ignored the cat happily chewing onto the baby mouse a pink blob from the looks of it. Guardian went into the bathroom to find it was twin to his teenaged boy bedroom's bathroom. He sighed once his eyes focused onto the mirror via the glaring lights to find a cat bite onto his neck appearing to have broken the skin along with a cat scratch onto his cheek that appeared to have broken the skin. Groaning Guardian forced himself out of the clothes into the shower stall only to feel a sick feeling hitting him he recognized what it was. He darted out of the shower stall in a hurry and reached the expeller on time. 

Guardian groaned once done with bathroom to come out hand on his stomach injuries from the cat forgotten. He went to the bed and laid down onto his stomach. He shut his eyes only to hear a loud meow sounding in his ear. Guardian jerked open his eyes finding himself restrained to a bed by chains and naked while finding High Priestess showing a feminine body straddling him and purring loudly. He sighed only to find the bed gone along with hitting a floor and High Priestess getting off of him with a loud yowl. Guardian found the chains remained but this time he felt them raise his arms till they were above his head he on tiptoes. He found High Priestess gone from sight as Mordecai walked into view a glare on the male's face who gave him a punch onto the stomach. He found himself spitting blood onto Mordecai from the punch in response. 
Mordecai in response wiped the spit away via gloved hand and spoke "Like father like son still spitting rudely."
Guardian kept the glare spoke firmly "Bitch incarnate as you refer her, Queen Svetlana seems to have some mental powers involving with seeing everything like an all seeing deity."
He found Mordecai clamping a hand over his mouth once he was done speaking to get from the male "I already know of that talk. Don't ever mention that bitch to me in my presence. Besides my disciple reports that this bitch in question used some Compeller voice ability onto him to find out who he was. He wound up hearing the Meritanians blurting about his all seeing ability to the bitch who got it transferred to her. She thinks she's so smart having that ability onto her. Well she's got another problem coming to her."
Guardian found his eyes forced shut to come to hearing the alarm blaring its noises which he mumbled "Just let me sleep some more I don't feel good."
He felt a hand shaking his shoulder in an insisting move to groan loudly and rolled over finding the butler there that gave him a golden eyed glare. 
Guardian spoke in a groaning tone "I was sick in the bathroom expelling through my mouth which turned into a marathon session of back and forth ends of expelling. I just got to the bed to lie down and rest once I was sure the expelling sickness quit."
He rolled over only to get the butler shaking his shoulder which he glared to find the male speaking "You were in bed for twenty four hours after Eli indicated that you were sick. You left a terrible mess in the bathroom that I had a servant clean it up. It wasn't a pleasant job of doing that cleaning in question."
Guardian spoke in response "Then why do I feel like I have no energy to get up?"
He got from the butler "Just get up and attend to your hygiene now! You smell from the stink of you being sick!"
He obeyed to get up discovering himself naked while hearing a Tsk sound from the butler. Guardian ignored the butler to go into the bathroom to find it reeked of cleaner to him making his nose wrinkle. 
He got into the shower thinking "Maybe this will wake me up."

Guardian came out of the bathroom wearing his familiar towel around his waist to find his bed stripped of the blankets and looking bare to him. He found the butler thrusting him a pair of sweats which he put on while commando underneath and got thrust a pair of slip on shoes. Guardian sighed feeling the shoes sticking to the bottoms of his feet once he put them on. He ignored the shoes to follow the butler out of the room following the male to the gym room he recalled only had padded walls, floor and punching bag. Guardian frowned finding the gym room had a large X on the floor in the middle. 
He got ordered "Go inside for the Eli to scan you."
Guardian obeyed to stand in the middle of the large X as the lights went out he finding darkness hitting then a red laser light shining over him not sparing his eyes despite he squinted from the glare. He kept on finding the laser's light shining onto his eyes lengthy making him getting annoyed but kept still. Guardian found the laser's light traveled down his body to reach his feet then went up again in a slow manner before turning itself off. He found the lights turning back on followed by the Queen walking into the room a golden eyed glare seen. He kept his mouth shut as he felt the familiar arm holds by the guards this time only two were doing the ironclad holds. 
Guardian glared at the Queen to hear "He's got markings onto him that indicated the cat was playing with him."
He kept the glare as the guard standing next to the Queen pointed out his cat scratch on his cheek and bite mark onto his throat. He kept the glare as the butler arrived into the room he noticing the male was appearing to be quietly sneaking into the room before straightening up the form and giving a loud Tsk sound. 
Guardian eyed the butler fully to find the Queen speaking "Anything on what made Victor sick, doctor?"
He kept the glare as the butler spoke "Eli is taking too long to reveal the results Your Majesty."
He found the Queen glaring at the butler she heard speaking "You will reveal why Eli is taking too long to give up the results."
He grimaced hearing the Compeller's voice tone to find the butler speaking "Hackers got a hold of the Eli just as it scanned Victor and left an insulting message as her response. It's the familiar insult you hate hearing Your Majesty."
Guardian got the Queen snarling gibberish again only to find a guard hugging her in response she thumping her fists onto the male's chest. He frowned as the guard made no movement to block the Queen's thumping fists. 
He found the Queen quit her thumping to speak "Anything else I should know of, doctor?"
He got from the butler in response "Tests results from the hospital on Victor say a positive match to him as the offspring but the Eli indicated the tests were altered to not fully say the truth. The tests results according to the Eli omitted why Victor hasn't inherited the liquid diet or his Father's looks or the looks of his Mother. I was trying to find out why the Eli was saying sabotage done onto the tests when the hackers made their presence known with their familiar insulting message aimed at you in question."
Guardian eyed the Queen who again got into a hissy angry fit she continued on speaking her familiar gibberish words. He found a guard calming her followed by a loud squeak sound to look down finding a mouse on the floor looking like it was sick. 
He heard a shriek from the Queen along with her familiar comment "Get that thing out of here!"
Guardian found himself freed from the guards as they went to the Queen to try to sooth her screaming in terror. He found the butler in response displaying golden eyes to go to the mouse that stopped jerking and picked the gonoid by the tail and carried it arm length in front of him out of the room. He followed only to find a guard blocking his way and jabbing a finger towards the Queen a golden eyed glare seen from the male. He ignored the guard and went to stand near the Queen who quit her screaming followed by feeling the guards restraining him again. He glared at the Queen who proceeded to use him as a punching bag he grunted through his throat from the pain. Guardian found his mouth covered up again as he glared at the Queen who kept on the punching while speaking her familiar gibberish. He kept the glare to realize with a start the gibberish was a phrase spoken over and over by how it sounded to him. 
Guardian kept his mouth shut as he glared at the Queen who quit her angry behavior followed by she snarling "Get him out of my sight now!"
He found himself freed to hear from the Queen speaking "Meritanians transport Guardian to an eater mountain and dump him in it now!"
He stiffened from the Compeller's voice tone to find himself floating in air to sense light down below he saw was a mountain having a fiery top with eaters to fall towards it. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes only to come to facing Mordecai speaking his familiar line again. 
Guardian kept the glare as Egypt appeared manipulating the scale again as Mordecai spoke "Argh! Egypt quit it that manipulation now! He's good as dead from the volcano! It's known to eat manoids dumped into it!"
He heard a loud Awk sound sounding loudly to find something like claws digging into his left shoulder he looked to find a bird sitting there. Guardian recognized the bird with the brown body and all white head as Eagle, deity of birds' symbol of life. 
He didn't say a word as he glared at Mordecai who spoke "Blast you Eagle for getting involved with this conflict! Don't tell me that Egypt has been warming your bed-"
"I have not!" He heard from Egypt shrieking loudly interrupting Mordecai to get the male glaring at her.
Guardian glared at Mordecai to find the male speaking "Ryder Hawks. I should have known that they were around watching for the Meritanians to dump anything into that volcano which they'll catch and fly it elsewhere. No wonder Eagle's pet is sitting onto Victor's shoulder. Get your miserable excuse of a son out of my sight now!"
Guardian found Egypt pushing him backwards which he came to feeling himself lying onto something warm and soft which he rolled over only to hear a loud screech. He jerked open his eyes to find the warm and soft thing was a Ryder Hawk in a nest with him while feeling paws of a cat walking onto his legs. Guardian eyed the cat that got onto his front purring away giving off vibrations and curling into a ball. He groaned hearing nothing from the Ryder Hawk but a soft growling noise from the gonoid. 
Guardian sighed and shut his eyes figuring to himself "I might as well get some rest."

Guardian came to feeling himself floating in the air while feeling his top were tight on his form. He looked around to find a Ryder Hawk was carrying him he looked down to discover the ocean. He grunted as he felt vertigo forced himself to look straight ahead to spot something shiny in view. Guardian frowned seeing the shininess as it got closer and closer to recognize it as a building on a seaport with multiple boats sailing towards it. He eyed the seaport with disgust within him to recognize it as a seaport in Victoria State. He groaned as the Ryder Hawk dropped him to land onto padded floor to his confusion along with familiar hand holds forcing him to stand up. He found himself in the King's gym room facing the Queen who had a golden eyed glare. 
He glared at the Queen in response to find her quit the golden eyed glare and got her speaking "Ryder Hawks?"
Guardian kept his mouth shut only to feel a hand whacking the back of his head he spoke "Yes they saved my life but I fell asleep before I fell into that eater mountain so don't ask me on that. I woke up in a nest with one and fell asleep again only to wake up toted around the sea."
He glared at the Queen in response to get her speaking while forming a sugary facial expression "Sweetie tell me what happened to you after you were transported out by mistake?"
Guardian heard the familiar sugary sweet voice tone of the Queen as he kept his mouth shut into a thin line and kept the glare aimed at the female. He found the Queen repeated her words with the expression on her face changing into anger despite her eyes having fear in them. He kept the glare in response as the Queen exploded her familiar phrase gibberish loudly in an angry voice tone as he felt a coldness arrive to him. Guardian found the guards ignoring the stiffening he made to the coldness as the Queen kept on ranting her familiar wording over and over followed by her pacing and thrusting fists onto her sides. 
He kept his mouth into a thin line as the Queen stared at him with fear seen on her face she gasping out "Mordecai?"
Guardian felt himself compelled to speak spoke "Boo bitch!"
He felt sleepiness hitting him slumped over in the guards' hands' grips while feeling the coldness left him to groan loudly before speaking in a slurred voice tone "Did anyone catch that dump truck?"
Guardian felt a hand patting him on the cheek as he continued to speak his familiar question in a slurred voice tone till he jerked open his eyes to find the Queen was the hand's owner. 
He formed a glare aimed at the Queen while speaking "Possessing me is a sick way to go Stepmother. Stay out of my body-"
He got a hand clamped over his mouth cutting him off as he glared at the Queen. 
He heard "He does know what happened to him."
Guardian got the Queen giving off her familiar rant along with punching him all over he kept the glare aimed at her as she quit the punching. 
"Mordecai" she gasped out he heard "Is my enemy an evil spirit causing me trouble including the one responsible for this insulting comment of 'Boo bitch.'"
Guardian sensed she lied gave up a growling noise in his throat only to feel his air cut off by a hand grabbing his air pipe on his throat. He glared at the Queen as his air pipe was released followed by his mouth. 
He kept the glare in response as the Queen spoke "See Victor to his bedroom now!"
Guardian found the guards' hand holds off him followed by finding himself transported to the King's bedroom he forced himself to lie down onto the bed growling angrily. He heard multiple annoyed squeak sounds grunted in response only to feel a rattling noise sounding familiar along with a bite felt onto his neck which he felt himself passing out unconscious to face Mordecai again. Guardian felt annoyance take hold hearing Mordecai going into his familiar line. 
He interrupted "Spare me of your line now!"
He glared at Mordecai who spoke in response "You were bit by a rattler with poison enough to kill a manoid by the bite onto your neck. What do you have to say about this Egypt?"
Guardian folded his arms with a glare aimed at Mordecai who was looking at Egypt he saw above the scale. 
He kept the glare as Egypt shrieked "Did you say something about promising a certain Egyptian that you would do anything to keep a male child alive to the annoying one?"
Guardian got Mordecai giving off the Queen's familiar gibberish and twin tantrum like behavior by the male pacing in front of him throwing his fists back and forth. He heard a meow sounding loudly to find High Priestess coming into view to examine his neck he grimaced was where the bite was. 
He glared at Mordecai as High Priestess was heard speaking "Annoying one or not she's my Goddess and my leader but this time she's too busy amusing herself with living like an Egyptian as you called them Egypt."
Guardian eyed High Priestess to find the female scratching his neck with her clawed hand right over the bite he grimacing from the pain and hearing her add "Nighty night."
He felt his eyes forced shut to pass out unconscious to come to hearing voices speaking in excited tones. He grunted from the voices sounding loudly along with hearing a female voice sounding commanding compelling him to focus onto her. Guardian kept onto focusing onto the female voice as if compelled till he came to finding himself lying in bed hearing beeping noises of a monitor along with pain in his neck. He grunted shaking the sleepiness from his head trying to clear his mind as he saw a whip flash in his mind. 
He frowned as the whip continued to flash in his mind followed by a terrible headache hitting him making him grunt from the pain as he heard "Bloody Hades! He's moving! Keep him still!"
Guardian grunted from the pain but remained still as he felt something picking onto his eyes he found himself unable to see through them but darkness. He continued to feel the picking onto his eyes till light blared into them making them water. 
Guardian grunted from the light's blaring to move his head away to hear "His eyes are fine from the way he's reacting to my flashlight."
Guardian kept moving his head away from the light's glare that followed only to hear "Meritanians just put Victor down asleep. He needs his rest anyway."
He felt sleepiness hitting him passed out unconscious.

Guardian came to hearing a loud meow sounding in his ear he rolled over while in bed from the noise. He felt a cat's paws walking onto his side along with a loud ear splitting meow sounding in his ear. Guardian jerked his eyes open lurching into a sitting position to find the cat was gone and not in sight. He found himself back into the King's bedroom this time the pillows and blankets were appearing to be replaced as he heard nothing to indicate of mouse gonoids from his moving the bed. Guardian eyed the clock time finding it blared eight o'clock in the morning. He grunted and got up from the bed he feeling himself clad only in shorts on his form as the heater in the room sounded loudly. Guardian sensed himself stared at to find the butler in the room giving off his familiar Tsk sound. 
He glared while speaking "I need to attend to my hygiene-"
Guardian was interrupted "Not till you pass a simple test by my scanner."
He didn't comment a response cooperated as the butler scanned him via scanner which he spoke "I thought the Eli was hacked?"
He glared at the butler to hear an ahem sound to find the Queen in the room with eyes red from crying. 
He exhaled a breath as she spoke in response "The Eli has been locked out at the moment by hackers. We're still trying to get access. Personal computers such as the scanner the doctor is using hasn't been hacked yet. It appears the hackers aren't interested despite heavy protection done onto the personal equipment."
Guardian heard the edge in the Queen's voice tone that indicated that she wasn't fully telling him the truth. 
He spoke firmly "What happened to me anyway?"
Guardian heard "I'll tell him Your Majesty."
He heard from the butler who added "The cat wasn't doing a good job in catching mousers. Instead was more interested in playing with them than catching them to extinguished their lights. A rattler gonoid was brought into the residence to take care of the problem. Unfortunately the rattler targeted you instead of targeting the mousers."
Guardian heard nothing more from the butler spoke "And what else happened that you're not admitting Stepmother? Your voice tone when you spoke of the Eli was indicating it."
He glared at the Queen who collapsed onto her knees wailing back and forth as he found the butler grabbing his arm and with force of strong strength got him into the bathroom slamming the door. 
Guardian blinked from the glare of the lights turning on to glare at the butler who spoke "Test results from the hospital say that you have DNA from two males appearing to be your Father which one was pointed out to be the father medically."
He kept the glare while folding his arms as the butler continued ignoring his glaring stare "DNA says you're both the offspring of His Majesty Nikolas and this Mordecai the Queen claims him as her brother. But you're more Mordecai's son by the tests indicating it in percentages hence you not inherited His Majesty's liquid diet habit."
Guardian didn't say a word in response as the butler added "Strip and get into the shower now. I'll see that Her Majesty has calmed down enough to answer some questions you seemed to want answered."
He found the butler fading from view to hear the door slam which he stripped himself of the shorts and entered the shower stall. Guardian forced himself to clean as thoroughly as he could then got out drying himself with a towel. He walked out of the bathroom to find the Queen seated on the armchair fawned over by four guards. He found the Queen did a double take look seeing him and his bare chest got her groaning in response followed by shutting her eyes. Guardian heard an ahem sound to find the butler handing him a suit of clothes which he put on ignoring the Queen sensed staring at him. He found his clothes were twin to his coronation clothes to hear ahem sounds from the guards and the familiar Tsk sound from the butler. Guardian stood with arms folded facing the Queen he finding her and himself alone in the room. 
He kept the glare as he spoke "Was that you that compelled me to live? I heard a female voice using a Compeller's tone that called me away from the Guardian of Life and Death enough to focus onto to live for life's sakes."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line to find the Queen rocking the rocking chair in response while staring away from him. Guardian frowned as the Queen didn't answer him instead gave up her familiar phrase in some singing voice tone he recognized she was speaking in a little girl's voice tone. 
He felt annoyance take hold walked away thinking to himself "She's crazy."
Guardian found himself able to walk out of the room unstopped only to meet the guards outside that went into the room slamming the door. He felt a compulsion to walk obeyed finding himself led to the brig despite guards letting him through to hear the familiar phrase spoken in a male's voice tone. Guardian exhaled a breath and went to the jail cell where Herod was leaning against the wall that was singing in some firm male voice tone. He glared at Herod finding the male was wearing a jumpsuit of orange and had feet bare along with black hair a long length down his shoulders. 
He clapped his hands getting Herod to quit his singing followed by the male speaking "Interesting that the bitch incarnate would let you see me."
Guardian heard Herod's voice tone sounded of Mordecai to him as he gave the male a glare and spoke "She compelled me to live surviving from the bite of a rattler gonoid."
Guardian got from Herod doing a double take look before speaking "That phrase she and her disciples chant belongs to Lance Richard. 
It means 'Death cannot touch us, we will live forever.'
She got it from Lance Richard who fell for her feminine charms enough to pleasure him in bed. He got pleasured enough to believe all sort of talk she said regarding one disciple servant dubbed Nikolai that was manipulated by Compellers to be a drunkard. Nikolai in question happened to be her pouch brother actually."
Guardian frowned as Herod gave up a chuckle sound then added "A man can be led by his thing if you know what I mean even male deities aren't immune to it either. A female can be led by their ogling males who look pleasant to the eye and is a charmer. Males and females aren't immune to this ogling bit by either one. It's something the Queen used when she saw you without coverage onto your front looking twin to her husband's even with that scarring on your arm."
He got another chuckle as he spoke "She freaked out and saved my life in the process didn't she?"
Guardian got from Herod singing his familiar phrase and found the male ignoring him staring which he sighed and felt a compulsion to walk away. He obeyed to get compelled to go to the King's bedroom to find the door shut. He knocked onto the door and waited impatiently as a guard opened it with golden eyes that made him glare back. Guardian glared in response as the guard stepped aside and allowed him entry to find the Queen still in the rocking chair he hearing her singing her familiar gibberish line over and over. He sighed and kneeled in front of the Queen and reached for her hand getting her gasping loudly once his hand gripped her hand. He found his familiar cauldron scene seen in his mind as he eyed the Queen who looked at him before bursting into tears and looking away singing her line. Guardian frowned as the Queen kept on singing while crying tears he finding her eyes was indicating of implants to him by how the watery tears fell. Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line while holding onto the Queen's hand she allowing him to hold as she kept on crying halting her rocking. He didn't say a word in response as the Queen kept on crying seemingly lengthy till he felt fed up with holding her hand released it getting no protest from her. Guardian got up without a word and left the room unstopped to feel a compulsion to go into a direction which he obeyed to go to a spare bedroom he hearing scratching sounds of a cat on the door. He opened the door to get a cat landing onto his shoulder in a loud meow tone and rubbing its head onto the side of his head. He sighed and recalled High Priestess's comment carried the cat to the King's bedroom to again knock onto the door. Guardian found the cat squirming while held to find a guard opening the door which he thrust the cat without a word. He found the guard taking the cat and slamming the door in response which he felt compelled to stand in the hallway he feeling annoyance take hold. Guardian folded his arms standing seemingly lengthy till the door opened and a guard came out thrusting him the cat and got a head shake from the male. He sighed and took the cat putting it onto his shoulder who gave up a meow he heard sounded angry to him. Guardian heard nothing from the guard but the door slamming in response to feel the cat's paws digging into his shoulder. He sighed and found the cat curling around the back of his neck which he ignored and walked away going to Olga's bedroom to knock onto the door. 
He heard a faint "Come in."
Guardian came into the room after manipulating the door finding Olga inside sitting in the rocking chair rocking away while holding onto Nicky as the cat was felt jumping off of him. 
He sighed and went to Olga to kneel in front of her he spoke "What's going on with your Mother? It's like she's very upset and is letting it control her."
Guardian got a sound of disgust from Olga in response followed by she speaking "It's just her remembering that she killed her nephew my cousin in question. The official story involves her finding out she could compel people to do things. She as the official story goes, got her nephew to rob a jewelry store to get jewelry for her. He wound up shot to death by a guard guarding the jewelry store. Her brother, my uncle Mordecai as said by her took the death hard and got himself drunk too many times enough to drown himself by jumping off a bridge into the water down below."
Guardian spoke "What's the unofficial story?"
Olga spoke "She admits to be very long lived. Long enough to have lived during Brittany's time of discovering Mahalia."
Guardian frowned but didn't say a word in response as Olga continued "She admits that she got herself to the point of being declared a Queen of a kingdom named Abydos is when her brother challenged her to the throne. He according to her was born first and a pouch brother something he used authority over her for control means. Anyway she admits that she did a terrible thing back then which was the execution of her brother's son. The memory of his execution of having his head chopped off has always stayed in her mind. Has refused to leave her despite no matter how many times she tried to will away the memory. Hence she currently taking anything to get that memory away from her mind."
Guardian spoke as she paused "Hence she saving my life in hopes it would free her from the torment."
He clamped his mouth shut seeing Olga's eyes turn all red to hear Nicky giving off a loud wailing noise. 
Guardian got from Olga in response "Get out! I just got Nicky to sleep!"
He obeyed to shut the door quietly hearing Nicky's crying quit. Guardian felt a compulsion hitting him obeyed to find himself led to Herod's jail cell the male still singing away his familiar line while sitting. Guardian sighed as Herod saw him and appeared to be singing happily with a smile while making him annoyed. He clapped his hands in response to get Herod giving off a double take look. 
Guardian spoke "Her daughter claims that she has memory of her nephew's execution fully in her mind and can't get rid of the memory. Hence she desperate to do anything including saving my life in hopes of getting rid of it."
He glared at Herod who gave up a chuckle sound followed by the male speaking "You don't know anything of pouch siblings having an annoying bothersome connection don't you hmm?"
He spoke firmly "You sound like her connection to her pouch brother is bothering her."
Guardian got from Herod in response "Actually Mordecai used his pouch connection to cause her pain. It involves what he drinks you call by this word of beer. It's some kind of poison that numbs the connection so she can't feel him and he can't feel her."
He exhaled a breath as Herod continued "The lack of the connection kind of rattles her enough to feel fearful of whenever he'll strike onto her without a warning. Hence the joke of boo and bitch used together onto her from time to time. She got that saying from Lance Richard actually who discovered what she did to him. As in using her feminine wills onto him to get his Deity Lord status in Brittany go to her she seen as a Goddess. Hence his vessel has refused to travel out of Columbia at the moment."
Guardian inhaled a breath as Herod added before he could talk "Lance Richard actually posing as his own vessel is still smarting from the joke stunt this Helena pulled onto him. Hence he sickening her brother to be his vessel and travel all over Egyptia as the vessel of him. He doesn't want to wound up as a victim again like what Helena did to him. Poor Nikolai didn't have a choice in the matter of being his vessel. Instead was thrown into it. Nikolai has been trying to break off the vessel status by the creation of the Lancelot group in Megiddo and the Samira group in Mahalia."
Guardian got Herod singing his familiar line again which he figured was speak for "Talks over go away."
He obeyed without commenting a word and went to the King's bedroom to find the guards standing outside one blocked his way of trying to knock onto the door.
Guardian formed a glare and glared at the guard who spoke "Goddess's sleeping now. We managed to get her to lie down into bed and sleep using Compeller voice orders. Don't disturb her Victor."
He kept his mouth shut into a thin line and without a word walked away finding himself compelled which he followed the compulsion to find himself led to the familiar teenaged boy's bedroom. He grunted an annoyed sound to go inside finding Herod sitting in the armchair to his shock. 
He shut the door as if compelled to find Herod speaking "The Meritanians transported me to here while giving me images in my mind on what I'm supposed to be saying towards you in question."
Guardian kept his mouth shut into a thin line to find Herod speaking "Her influence as Goddess in Brittany got too much to the point that the people started to spite her enough to not want anything to do with her. Hence this Yevgeny Visser leaving Brittany to go to Mahalia and kicking out Brittany's rulership out. His reason for the kick outs was to keep her Goddess influence out of Mahalia. He didn't agree with her Goddess's influence in question and wanted it out of Mahalia. The Brittany natives living in Mahalia recognized what he was doing helped out and declared him King as their ruler. The Kingship title was a promise to keep her out. He didn't keep his promise actually."
Guardian didn't say a word as Herod added "Brittany's natives got to the point when they stopped in believing her as their Goddess and started believing into something else. Some of them renewed interests into Lance Richard including some other gods and goddesses some I'm not sure of their names. Anyway she found no one believed into her anymore and found her brother's connection gone from her. He managed to find out some poison to kill the connection in question but left sloppy signs of the poison status originated from Mahalia. Hence she here in Mahalia trying to get her brother to stop this poisoned status and trying to get that connection restarted up again. It's something she's forgotten to do. Instead she's restarted this Goddess deity business again despite horrible resistance from the restless natives who seem to know of it."
Guardian spoke "Then what's with the saying of boo and bitch together anyway aimed at her?"
Herod spoke "I was telling the truth on what I said regarding that saying. Lance Richard originated it. Her brother took it up and has been saying that wording to torment her. Her brother in question is still drinking that poison so he won't feel the connection. The poison left a side effect onto him leaving him incapable of fathering offsprings via mating use onto females. Hence he having to use implantation methods for that to happen. It resulted into his son Robert born of a hotel maid paid a heavy currency price to carry him."
Guardian frowned as Herod cleared his throat then continued "Unfortunately Robert got adopted by a couple who found the maid pregnant and paid her a fool's price to give them the baby. The fool's price involved her married to me brother of that couple and carrying my own offsprings in question. The reason why it's a fool's price is because neither one of us were in love with each other actually. My brother turned my parents against me by pretending to be the good older son. He got me to be married to that maid just to claim responsibly for her carrying status so he could take her baby in question and raised it in his influence."
He exhaled a breath as Herod continued after a chuckle "Too bad the influence turned out to backfire onto him. Robert hated everything my brother tried to influence him in. It involved trying to be in the public eye running for Senator's position something Robert balked on doing. Instead Robert joined the Navy with faked parental permission and got onto a Mahalian warship bound to Megiddo is where he met Nikolai his actual father. His parentage came out as a result of him causing too much scandalized behavior on Megiddo's islands with some female he was in love with. The presses had a field day announcing him the son of Nikolai Crimson as the bitch incarnate's brother is calling himself now."
He found Herod paused to sing his familiar line and found the male disappearing in a light show to frown hearing a door knocking sound on the door. Guardian sighed and went to the door yanking it open wide to find Olga there giving him her familiar red eyed glare. 
Guardian spoke firmly "Out with it now Olga!"
He glared at Olga who spoke "You're supposed to open the door a crack to see who's out knocking onto your door then open it wider to let the visitor in. It's protocol around here as ordered by our Father in question. Too many servants paid by the presses have been leaking unflattering photos and recordings of our Father over the cycles. It's why the public is now wanting him out of the King's title and having you take his place."
He hissed a breath as Olga quit the red eyed glare in response he noticing her not having Nicky on hand.
He spoke "Where's Nicky in question?"
Olga replied "With the cook who's sort of a babysitter with Nicky whenever I need time alone from him. My Mother gave up caring for him and left me do the job mainly despite using him as a prop while out in public."
He inhaled and spoke "Something you wanted since your here seeing me?"
He frowned as Olga spoke displaying her red eyed look again "Just prove to me that you can defend yourself from someone trying to knock you out when answering the door with me as the attacker."
He found Olga throwing fists aimed at his head obeyed to do karate taught self defense moves to get his sister into an arm lock hold around her neck with hand holding onto her hair from the back. Guardian found Olga's efforts to free herself from the arm lock hold met failure. 
He spoke as she gave up a loud Hmph "Don't you have training for this?"
Olga spoke in response "I do have training but what you got me trapped in is twin to the move Daddy would pull onto me to discipline me."
He freed Olga only to get her kicking at his sensitive part he blocked followed by her giving off another Hmph and walking out of the room slamming the door with a bang sound. Guardian grimaced from the door's banging to hear a familiar knocking sound onto the door. He sighed and recalled what Olga told him involving the door to open a crack to peer finding her standing there. He opened the door wide and got attacked by Olga again this time she swinging a ball's bat aimed at him. Guardian proceeded to use karate training to get the ball's bat out of her hand's grips and into pieces followed by again getting her into Nikolas's familiar lock hold. Guardian ignored Olga's begging to be freed using their father as reason why he should do it. He felt himself annoyed willed himself to calm despite annoyed with Olga's pleading to ignore it. Guardian ignored her begging and pleading to the point that he got her kneeling onto the floor and kept himself calm. He sensed himself spied on found the Queen standing in the doorway arms folded a glare on her face. 
Guardian freed Olga to glare at the Queen he noticing his sister noticed her mother to speak "Alright just testing him on his self defensive abilities. He's highly trained like Daddy is."
He kept the glare aimed at the Queen who spoke "Olga go to Nicky and leave now!"
He heard the angry voice tone of the Queen found Olga obeying followed by his sister slamming the door. 
Guardian kept the glare aimed at the Queen who spoke again "What did Herod say to you? He was found not in his jail cell for a certain time period causing a panic. Guards went to search for him found him singing in another jail cell. Herod has balked explaining why he was in that jail cell or how he got there. Besides guards say that you were the last visitor to visit Herod before the panic of him not being in his jail cell got started up. So talk now."
Guardian found his arms grabbed by the familiar guards he figured were the Queen's Goddess disciples he glared at her without saying a word. 
He found the Queen repeating her question followed by hearing "He knows what Herod said to him and get it's your question."
He kept his mouth into a thin line hearing the guard's familiar voice to continue to glare at the Queen as he felt a coldness feeling arrive within him. Guardian found the Queen gasping while looking down at the floor as the guards released him to kneel in front of her. He felt the coldness take control to glare at the Queen finding her looking up staring at him with pleading. 
Guardian spoke as if compelled the familiar insulting comment getting the Queen gasping "Mordecai got him again!"
He gave up hysterical laughter in a creepy voice tone to find the guards refused to go near him by fading from view leaving him alone her despite she ordering the disciples to grab him. Guardian waved a hand mentally ordering paralysis to hit the Queen's feet. He walked up towards her while cackling in his creepy voice tone seeing the Queen had panic onto her face. 
Guardian quit the laughter to speak "Helena, how desperate are you this time hmm?"
He got a gasp from the Queen who appeared to shake of fear with the pleading on her face and fear in her eyes. 
He heard his voice sounded creepy continued speaking "Herod admitted to Victor that you're desperate for restoring that pouch connection with your brother my disciple Nikolai."
He got a gasp from the Queen who shut her eyes as he kept on speaking "Too bad Helena. It was I who told Nikolai to break that pouch connection."
Guardian got the Queen opening her eyes with shock in them as he gave up a head bob and continued speaking "I knew that your pouch connection was vital to you and your life as a Goddess deity. No wonder your here in Mahalia trying to get it back. You knew that I sent him here to break it. Don't deny it Helena that the pouch connection is what you want the most hence your Goddess deity tricks done onto the restless natives of Mahalia. It's just you trying to find out that connection in question."
He formed a glare aimed at the Queen who opened her mouth to speak only to feel the coldness feeling leaving him giving him a headache. He groaned loudly while rubbing a hand onto his forehead he feeling his mind scanned by the Meritanians. Guardian didn't say a word as he found the guards back into the room restraining him and he forming a glare aimed at the Queen. The Queen he saw appeared to compose herself followed by collapsing onto her knees with a loud gasp. 
He glared at the Queen as she spoke "My feet! I can't feel my feet!"
Guardian rolled his eyes in response and found the guards freeing him to go to the Queen picking her up. 
He glared at the Queen who snarled "That Mordecai did this stunt onto my feet. Just carry me to my bedroom now. I'll deal with his disciple Victor as he calls himself later."
Guardian heard ahem noises from the guards ignored the noises to find the males carrying the Queen out of the room which he followed to slam the door behind them. 
He spoke out loud "Good riddance."
"Not so, Victor." He heard blared in his mind from Tut.
Guardian instead of answering flopped onto the bed onto his back and stared at the ceiling as he felt Tut still scanning him to mentally spoke in response "Do you mind? I'm trying to think of what snappy come back to say to Stepmother accusing me of serving this Mordecai. As his disciple good riddance."
He heard a chuckle sound from Tut followed by hearing "Actually just go to sleep you need it."
Guardian frowned hearing Tut's words to feel sleepiness shut his eyes to find himself facing Mordecai looking angry and growling the familiar line he heard from Herod. He glared at Mordecai to find Egypt floating nearby she having arms folded and a glare on her face aimed at the male. 
Guardian spoke in response "What pouch connection is people babbling about that this bitch incarnate is obsessed with getting?"
He got Mordecai punching him in the stomach in a fast speed blurry move. 
He grunted from the fisting to glare at Mordecai who spoke "Only I can call her bitch incarnate. I don't want to hear you saying it to me again."
Guardian spoke "Fine Helena-"
He was interrupted with a fist into his jaw cutting him off making him groan as Mordecai spoke again "Don't mention the bitch incarnate's name to me again. Egypt get your son out of my sight now."
Guardian glared at Mordecai in response to find the male resumed standing on top of the stairs with his familiar scale and giving Egypt a glare and jabbing a finger aimed at him. 
He got Egypt shrieking in response "You fathered him so you get him out!"
Guardian groaned softly as Mordecai spoke "Again with that fathering joke Egypt. It's getting tiring of hearing it from you."
Guardian spoke in response "Why am I here?'
He got Egypt and Mordecai looking at him to get the male speaking "You want me to extinguish his light for that question Egypt?"
Guardian got Egypt shaking her head in an Egyptian no style gesture and fading from view only to find her appear in front of him pushing him backwards. He came to feeling a cat sitting on his front meowing loudly. Guardian groaned softly and forced his eyes open to glare at the cat that gave up hissing sounds as he found the Queen in the room via light show. 
He heard the cat kept up the hissing as the Queen spoke "Meritanians transport this cat out of the room to another location somewhere in the residence. Forget the eater mountain. Just get the thing out of my presence now."
Guardian found the cat disappearing in a light show to glare at the Queen who fell to kneel she groaning out "Restore my feet Mordecai."
He sensed them spied on from her groaning tone she having an angry expression on her face despite trying to keep her face away from the doorway's vicinity. He kept the glare as the Queen continued her begging with tone sounded familiar to him. Guardian laid down on the bed ignoring the Queen using females' familiar tone indicating of not going to listen to anything till their order or request was going to be done. He recognized the tone from pregnant females giving out demands while in the bouts of labor pains and giving off lots of requests. Guardian ignored the Queen using the familiar voice tone to get up feeling fed up with her speaking to walk by her only to find her grabbing his legs. He peeled off her hands' in a fast move and darted out of the bedroom slamming the door only to feel sickness hitting him. Guardian found his familiar guards holding onto his arms hauling him into the bedroom to the Queen kneeling on the floor. He glared at the Queen while forced into a kneeling position to find her holding up a syringe and smirking. He struggled against the guards' ironclad holds as she injected the syringe into his neck and pumped the contents into him. He found the familiar sickness involving rattler's poison hitting him from the feel and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Guardian came to finding himself facing Mordecai who gave up a sound of disgust to find Egypt floating nearby. 
He got Mordecai speaking "Do something regarding your son Egypt. I'm getting tired of these useless visits to see me judging him when you'll do anything to keep him alive."
Guardian gave Mordecai a glare in response to speak "Father."
He got punched into the stomach by Mordecai using super speed move followed by the male speaking "Don't call me Father-"
"He's your son!" He heard shrieked from Egypt.
Guardian again spoke "Father-'
Only to get interrupted by Mordecai gagging him on the throat as Egypt shrieked again "It's true he's your son!"
Guardian gagged out "Isn't it true that sons bare the face of their Fathers?"
He got himself freed from the choke hold to find Mordecai seated onto a white throne chair looking like the male was rock hard like stone. Guardian groaned getting the familiar image of Mordecai not acknowledging the question and recognized that his persona Nikolai was having a crying fit again. He walked up the stairs towards Mordecai to put hands onto the throne chair's armrests while leaning forwards toward the male. 
He spoke again "Why are you in denial about this? Accept it that I'm your son. I bare your face Father. It's like any male Egyptian does towards the one who fathered him. The face baring is a reminder of where the son came from fathered by this male who spawn him to existence-"
Guardian got a roar from Mordecai followed by the male getting up from the chair pushing him backwards he falling backwards seemingly lengthy only to feel something like a bed hitting his back along with a feminine voice compelling him to extinguish his light. Guardian found himself still clinging to his body and refusing to die as the voice compelled him to do. He heard a shrieking sound of Egypt's voice to hear the female Compeller's voice cut off followed by groaning sounds. Guardian found himself back into his body while restrained in a straitjacket from the feel as he was lying onto something padded. He jerked open his eyes to find the Queen nearby groaning while seated in a wheelchair. 
Guardian sat up glaring at the Queen who quit the groaning followed by her speaking "Meritanians transport me and my guards out now!"
He found the Queen's order obeyed to get up from the floor feeling padded all over the place to lean against the wall. He recalled himself able to get out of a straitjacket did the maneuver and got himself freed of the thing only to hear a faint alarm sound. Guardian got his arms freed only to find the door to the room opening showing the familiar two vampires coming into the room growling loudly as they took off their head gear. 
He felt the familiar coldness feeling hitting him spoke "You can't contain me for I'll always get out."
Guardian got the vampires giving roars in response followed by them throwing their head gear aimed at him which he caught with each hand. Guardian got the vampires charging towards him body attacks which he proceeded to use karate onto them knocking them onto the floor and dropped the head gear. He stripped himself of the jacket and walked to the door only to feel sleepiness hitting him. He grunted as the sleepiness persisted finding the door was only a piece of glass along with hearing a faint sound of gas going off. Guardian collapsed onto the floor shutting his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of himself as Robert facing his father Nikolai. 
Nikolai held up the cup of beer he saw was brown liquid and spoke "Here drink."
He saw Robert's hand come into view looking smaller and not adult sized to take the cup and sipped it before spitting it out while speaking "What the depths is this?!"
Guardian saw through Robert's eyesight Nikolai holding up a plant by a pot he didn't recognize and got from the male "It's the source of my drink actually. This plant I dub Helena's poison actual name of Brittany's Yuck for tasting bad can only be found in Mahalia. I managed to recreate samples of the plant to grow in Megiddo in my residence farm. Too bad the farm isn't doing anything to give me what I want actually. I'm forced to go to Mahalia to replenish my supplies for drinking cultivation at my farm there."
He heard a meow sounding loudly followed by feeling himself back into the straitjacket and leaning against the padded wall. He grunted an annoyed sound as he shook sleep from him to look around finding the two vampires were lying in the room asleep from the looks of them. Guardian found one vampire looking at him with white orbed eyes through the black mask and baring his teeth aimed at him. He sighed and adjusted his position to lean back onto the padded wall refraining from freeing himself to the restraint. He eyed the ceiling as if needing to do it to find a window high above him appearing to look black to him and sensed someone was spying onto him. He glared at the person spying onto him he sensed was the Queen from rage hitting him. Guardian kept the glare as the window opened sliding with a fast move to get the Queen coming into sight by wheelchair. 
He kept the glare as the Queen spoke "So talk on why I should free you from this lunacy?"
Guardian found himself compelled to speak spoke "It's a drink he makes to kill off that pouch connection."
He felt himself annoyed with what he spoke glared at the Queen finding his compulsion gone followed by the window sliding shut in response. Guardian kept the glare as he heard growls from the vampires to focus onto them getting up dusting their pants. He glared at the vampires to find them in fast speed moves grabbing him by the sides of his restraint and lifting him up. Guardian kept the glare as the vampires roughly hauled him out of the room through dark hallways he seeing people as white blobbed figures. Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as the hauling stopped followed by an elevator movement felt along with then pushed and pulled out then forced to kneel in the darkness. He kept the glare as the lights blared on he finding himself facing the Queen who formed a pleading expression on her face. 
Guardian glared as the Queen spoke "Sweetie talk to me about this drink thing you're speaking of."
Guardian felt a coldness feeling take control spoke "Boo bitch!"
He got the Queen grimacing in response as he repeated the comment then added "Baa. You lead the sheep astray with your Goddess discipline all for some pouch connection. Drop the obsession now or I won't restore your feet."
He glared at the Queen feeling the coldness going away followed by groaning loudly from a headache hitting him he felt was the Meritanians scanning him again. Guardian glared in response to get the Queen snarling her familiar line sounding angry while flaring golden eyes of a Compeller. He glared at the Queen to find the vampires had released their holds onto him leaving him kneeling onto the floor. Guardian heard a growl from the vampires followed by the males darting towards the Queen in a fast move. He found her guards two of them getting into the way with golden eyes seen only to watch as the vampires with great strength punched the males' stomach making them groan loudly. He frowned as the vampires went to the Queen still sputtering her gibberish to grab her raising her up she ignoring them. He watched as the vampires placed hands onto her chest and gulped seeing her neck get swollen followed by her groaning loudly. Guardian gulped seeing the vampires bare their teeth followed by biting the Queen's swollen neck and making motions of sucking her. He groaned softly as the vampires cut off the Queen's talk she heard silenced. Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as he felt a compulsion to free himself obeyed to find the vampires in a fast move licking the Queen's neck he seeing white smears onto the areas. He frowned as he freed his arms only to hear a faint alarm followed by the vampires charging towards him with hands throwing their head gear aimed at him. Guardian found himself compelled to sit still and found the head gear seemed to be metallic hitting his forehead bringing sleepiness which he slid to the floor appearing to be metal and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Part Seven: Confrontation

Guardian came to finding himself facing Nikolai in Nikolai's office. He found Nikolai was drinking again but noticed the bottle the male was pouring into a glass cup had the name of Guard Beers on it. He found Nikolai didn't seem to notice him staring from his floating position to find the male sitting down behind the desk out of his sight. He heard barking sounds of an Egyptian's voice tone to find Nikolas crawling into the room acting like a Patty gonoid with tongue out and panting loudly. 
Guardian kept watching as Nikolas barked his way to Nikolai behind the desk only to hear "Argh!"
He frowned as Nikolai got up and poured himself a cup of liquid from the bottle before flaring white eyes and flaring the Source into control. Guardian watched as Nikolai waved a hand towards Nikolas he sensed next to the male behind the desk. He heard a loud oof sound followed by hearing nothing from Nikolas. Guardian kept watching Nikolai who tossed the beer bottle towards him right at the heart area like he could see him. He grunted feeling the bottle went through him and sounded of shattering from hitting the wall behind him. Guardian frowned as Nikolai's eyes flared white before remaining their Source look. 
He found Nikolai speaking "So the bitch incarnate decides to visit me."
Guardian frowned to watch as Nikolai turned around to show the Queen standing in the doorway of the office she flaring golden eyes and speaking "I didn't come alone."
He found light shows to find four guards her disciples appearing next to Nikolai in an attempt to grab the male's arms despite he drinking from his cup. Guardian heard a growling noise from Nikolai to find the male shifting form into the Death incarnate skeleton with black hair and raspy breathing as the guards tried to grab him. He found the guards screaming in terror before darting away from Nikolai in response and disappearing in light shows. Nikolai shifted his form back into his Egyptian manoid form while still drinking from his cup wave a hand towards Nikolas. 
He heard groaning noises to find Nikolas getting up glaring at Nikolai and snarling "Your one sick bastard. I'm not a Patty."
Nikolai spoke "Suit yourself so get out with your bitch excuse of a wife now."
Nikolas in response jabbed a finger onto Nikolai's front the male ignoring him and then walked away going to the Queen to put an arm around her. 
The Queen spoke "Meritanians transport me and Nikolas back to my Mahalia residence now."
Guardian found them both transported out via light shows to find Nikolai turning around growling an angry sound while crunching the glass cup in his black gloved hand. He found Nikolai managed to crunch the cup entirely in pieces before tossing them towards him.
He heard "Get out!"
Guardian found himself out of Nikolai's residence back into the King's bedroom to find Nikolas chained to the bed while the Queen was busy running her tongue over his front the male gasping of pleasure. 
He felt disgust take hold as Nikolas spoke "Free me!"
He stiffened from the voice tone Nikolas used that indicated on something else to find the male repeating his comment over and over while jerking his head back and forth. Guardian frowned as Nikolas kept on jerking onto the chains not able to break them and kept repeating his comment. 
He kept on watching as the Queen crawled off Nikolas to hear "It's Hades. He's trying to take control of him again. He can't take control while he's tied up like that."
Guardian groaned hearing Yerra's comment hear the Queen speaking "Meritanians transport Nikolas out to a jail cell in the brig and have him become Hades there."
He saw Nikolas disappear in a light show to find himself facing Mordecai who was glaring at Egypt from the looks of him. 
Guardian didn't say a word as Mordecai jabbed a finger aimed at Egypt's direction and snarled "What did I do to make you angry at me? Just to punish me with this joke of fathering your son?"
He glared at Mordecai to hear in response "I'm not angry at you for punishment! I'm furious with you trying to kill your own son!"
Guardian groaned softly hearing that from Egypt to find Mordecai looking in his direction and snarling "Then why is my son spying onto me in my own home? I made sure he wouldn't return by telling Helena where to find him which she got a hold of him as a result."
He gave Mordecai a glare to hear in response "So you acknowledge that he's your son!"
Guardian got Mordecai sitting in his throne chair as a response. He walked up the steps to notice Mordecai rubbing his middle finger on his right hand indicating a ring's status while pausing from walking. 
Guardian spoke after recalling a TV scene on Mordecai's TV monitor "That Egyptian named Jason with the odd eyes was you wasn't it?"
He got Mordecai roaring in response to find the male getting off the throne chair and charging towards him only to find Egypt appearing in view blocking the male's way. 
He heard "You're not hurting him like you oath to the annoying one that you would keep him alive period!"
Guardian gave Mordecai a glare to find the male resumed seated on his throne. He marched up the stairs towards Mordecai and placed hands onto the armrests of the chair. 
Guardian stuck his face into Mordecai's face and spoke "Why is the Egyptians' place of healing claiming that I'm fathered by two males with you pointed out to be the father mostly by their stinking tests?"
He got another roar in response to find Mordecai got him into a choke hold by hands onto his neck and raising him up to dangle his feet. Guardian recalled his karate training proceeded to do it finding himself freed only to get gagged by Mordecai again who resumed the dangle's hold. 
He gagged out once he felt paralysis hitting his body from the neck down "Admit it that you're hurt from the lost of your original son killed on your sister's orders."
He got pushed backwards in response to find himself falling in the air only to hit a padded mattress onto his back. Guardian found himself freed of the straitjacket to hear a loud hissing sound of a cat. He jerked open his eyes to find a cat seated on the bed next to him hissing away angrily he found the Queen seated in a wheelchair in the doorway staring at him with disgust seen on her face. 
Guardian sat up without a word and spoke noticing the lamps were on indicating a dark time hour "What's the point of having me contained as a lunatic?"
He glared at the Queen who formed her familiar sugary expression to hear "Sweetie tell me what drink does my brother use to kill off my pouch connection?"
Guardian formed disgust on his face laid down in response only to feel a familiar coldness feeling hitting him. He spoke the familiar insult towards the Queen she giving out a gasp. 
Guardian sat up finding the Queen pleading "Restore my feet now!"
He spoke in response "Go home to Brittany, Helena. Leave Mahalia-"
Guardian got interrupted "Bastard I will not leave Mahalia!"
He waved a hand towards the Queen mentally giving her paralysis to her legs and then felt his mind scanned again. 
He grunted as he felt the familiar coldness feeling leave him he mentally spoke "You Meritanians are doing something for her aren't you?"
Guardian heard nothing in response from the Meritanians to feel his mind scanning stop as he glared at the Queen who without a word wheeled herself out of the room. He found one of her disciples slamming the door in response leaving him giving off a sound of disgust. Guardian laid down onto the bed feeling himself clad only in too short pants from the feel of them. He made a motion to get up only to feel the cat getting onto his front to tummy sit purring away while meowing in a happy tone. Guardian groaned and without a word shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep passing out unconscious.

Guardian came to hearing "So what this Mordecai, your brother is going around is referring himself now?"
He frowned for the voice sounded familiar to recognize it as Nikolas to jerk open his eyes finding Hades standing in the room with arms folded facing the Queen still in her wheelchair. 
Guardian sat up with a glare aimed at the Queen who noticed him awake spoke "Nikolai Crimson bastard son of Charles Crimson. Charles himself actually got tossed out the window by my brother doing it. It's just to gain his money fortune to create this awful tasting beer dubbed Guard Beers. It originates from Mahalia's state of Republic State actually. He's big on making production on that beer in question including making sure Columbians are addicted to it enough to keep drinking it. Only Columbians are tolerant of the awful taste of this beer in question. It's very addicting to Columbians actually."
He didn't say a word in response as Hades spoke "Anything else sweetie you want to admit hmm?'
He kept mouth into a thin line to find Hades looking at him with arms folded followed by hearing "Talk Victor on what you meant regarding Mordecai drinking to kill off the pouch connection to his sister in question."
Guardian felt his mind scanned to see the familiar cauldron scene fully in his mind followed by light shows to find his arms grabbed by two vampires who lifted him up from the bed. He grunted annoyed sound as the vampires got him up from the bed and got him to kneel in front of the Queen who formed a smirk on her face he seeing laughter in her eyes. 
Guardian kept the glare in response as the Queen spoke "Meritanians you will make Victor's mind easily for me to scan now."
He heard the Compeller's voice tone from the Queen to feel his mind scanned only to find the cauldron scene disappearing from his mind. He grunted as the memory of Nikolai's admittance to a drink in front of Robert flashed into his mind. He again got the familiar cauldron scene blaring in his mind. 
"Son of a bitch!" He heard from the Queen who added "Bastard! Mordecai has been drinking this Guard Beers drink to kill off the pouch connection!"
Guardian got in response "Burn his supply to that with an eater and see how he reacts to it. It'll help the Columbians with their addiction to this Guard Beers' drink in question."
He heard from Hades as he glared at the Queen who spoke in response "Jetsam! Flotsam! Meritanians transport them both to Republic State to where this Guard Beers' plant is and burn it with an eater now!"
Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as the vampires freed him he feeling them rubbing hands on top of his head before disappearing in a light show. He felt the familiar arm holds of the disciples to glare at the Queen who smirked while shutting her eyes forming a concentration look on her face. He eyed the Queen as he was forced into a standing position by the disciples only to get her gasping of shock followed by the two vampires appearing into light shows growling angrily from their tones. Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line finding the vampires sticking their face into the Queen who opened her eyes forming a frown on her face. 
Guardian got from the Queen in response "Jetsam, Flotsam suck Guardian and not me."
He heard the Compeller's voice tone found the two vampires obeying to her orders only to give up coughing sounds midway of biting him. He grunted as the vampires licked his neck and again stuck their faces into the Queen while growling angrily. 
Guardian spoke firmly "What's going on to get them angry at you anyway?"
He glared at the Queen who spoke "I should have realized that their afraid of eaters and won't do anything to do with that."
Guardian gave up a sound of disgust to find the vampires grabbing his arms in place of the disciples to get them both growling while glaring at him. 
He ignored the vampires in response to glare at the Queen who spoke "Hades how are you with eaters-"
She was interrupted by roaring noises from the vampires and hearing them growling noises to see them looking at Hades. 
Guardian glared in response to get from Hades "Says the factory workers used eaters onto them in a fight."
He eyed the Queen who appeared to get a headache by her hand rubbing her forehead followed by speaking "Meritanians restore Herod's mental ability back to him. Take it out of me now."
He exhaled a breath finding her groaning in pain loudly while keeping on rubbing her forehead. 
Guardian glared at the Queen to find Hades kneeling next to her and speaking "Are you in pain from Herod and his joke-"
Only to get interrupted "I can feel my brother again! Guards!"
Guardian exhaled another breath in response to find her disciples arriving into view to kneel in front of her as Hades stood up with arms folded. 
He glared at the Queen who spoke in response "Arrange for the transport to take me to Brittany immediately."
Guardian heard the compelling voice tone of her to find her disciples wheeling her out of the room in response they slamming the door with a bang sound.
He spoke feeling the vampires' hands onto his neck "Did I just dream of that?"
Guardian gulped feeling the vampires' fingers onto his neck were feeling him as he heard nothing in response to his question. He frowned as the vampires proceeded to suck him he finding them still coughing from tasting his blood and licking his neck again. Guardian didn't say a word as the vampires got him to lie down onto the bed which he shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Guardian came to facing Mordecai seated in his chair while noticing the male was rubbing his middle finger on his left hand. He sighed and walked up the stairs going to Mordecai to stand once in front of him and kept his mouth shut.
He found Eagle onto his shoulder along with High Priestess rubbing herself against him he hearing "Acknowledge him Mordecai!"
Guardian kept his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Mordecai to speak "Daddy."
He felt himself shocked with what he said as Eagle and High Priestess disappeared followed by Egypt floating into view. He saw Egypt's form shift into the Queen wearing her familiar red dress with her crown on her head.
Guardian stiffened as the Queen spoke "Is he worth living again is he brother dear?"
He frowned while staring at the Queen who shifted into a female Egyptian he recognized as Jason's Luna to find her speaking "What is he worth to you Jason?"
Guardian kept the frown as Luna shifted into a male Egyptian he recognized as White Eyes that spoke "Is there anything worth living for?"
He eyed White Eyes to find Egypt, the Queen, and Luna joined the male all speaking "Is there anything worth living for?"
Guardian focused onto Mordecai that shifted form into Jason complete with the white eyes wearing a ring on his finger he was fiddling with. He frowned as he felt himself wearing clothes abruptly to realize with a start with shock running through him on who he really was. Guardian didn't say a word in response eyed Mordecai that shifted into Nikolai who remained sitting silently. 
He held up a black gloved hand towards Mordecai and spoke "I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you with my scale on your life."
Guardian found silence in response from the others and Mordecai who kept on sitting in the chair keeping the Nikolai form. He willed Mordecai's life force to come out of the male into his hand. Guardian found his order obeyed to place the life force ball onto the scale and set it equal. He found the scale tipping back and forth finding Egypt not flapping above manipulating it. 
Guardian found the scale tipping into one direction to hear "My son is who I live for!"
He heard that from Mordecai to find the scale tipping in another direction and remained still. 
Guardian spoke "You have been judged to live again. Live you will till I will call you to extinguish your life."
He found himself seated on the chair Mordecai vacated to focus onto a metal gated arch as if drawn flashing like a TV. He eyed it to find it focused onto Queen Helena walking into a jail cell while in a castle. 
There were moaning and groaning heard echoing as Queen Helens spoke "Wake him up now!"
The armored guards were quick to obey throwing a bucket of dirty water onto a prisoner appearing to be a male who opened eyes showing them Egyptian blue while clad in chains and nothing on his form. The male's black hair long in length remained plastered to his face as armored guards thrust him to stand by grabbing his arms.
Queen Helena spoke with sarcasm "Well brother dear, Mordecai how do you like the accommodations hmm?"
Mordecai spoke in response "You killed my son my only reason for living without trying to destroy you sister dear."
Queen Helena spoke still using the sarcasm "Your son is a useless idiot-"
Mordecai interrupted "You'll know how I'll feel when you have your own offspring to take care of!"
Queen Helena in response gave up an Hmph sound followed by walking forwards to grab Mordecai's sensitive part with her hand he hissing loudly from her touch.
Queen Helena spoke "I should have you cut for creating that useless idiot in the first place."
Mordecai hissed out "Unhand me now. It's not proper for sisters to touch brothers there."
Queen Helena spoke "Unhand you because it's not proper? I ought to have you dumped into this deity Lord Lance Richard's employ becoming a servant of him-"
"Warming your bed with him aren't you?" Mordecai interrupted.
Queen Helena released his sensitive part in response and stepped back followed by speaking "Get this miserable excuse of a brother of mine out of this jail cell into where he can get himself cleaned up. He reeks from the smell of him. Yuck!"
Mordecai got freed of his chains and got armored guards holding onto his arms still hauling him out of the jail cell with Queen Helena taking the lead. Mordecai got taken outside and given a good scrubbing followed by given clothes to wear. He glared at his sister as a light flashed to show Lance Richard appearing with all black eyes.
Lance Richard spoke "My disciple is drunk again?"
Queen Helena spoke "I had him in the dungeon-"
Lance Richard interrupted "For being drunk?'
Mordecai glared at Helena with all black eyes as she gulped and spoke "He was trying to kill me for ordering the assassination of his son an idiot dead."
Lance Richard gave Helena a glare and in response spoke "Bring the warring factions to the dining hall now! We'll settle this!"
Mordecai didn't say a word as he and Helena were brought to the dining hall of the castle and forced into a kneeling position. He kept the glare as Lance Richard went to sit down in Helena's throne. 
Lance Richard spoke "So Mordecai tell me your side of the story now."
Mordecai obeyed despite hearing choking sounds from Helena "Our Mother favored my sister my pouch sibling over me when it comes to being the heir to Abydos' throne. I was born first according to our Father. Our Mother wound up having our Father killed by getting him knocked off his horse which he died from it. My sister found my son Morgan a useless idiot her words when calling him and had him killed by chopping off his head by guards doing it."
Lance Richard spoke once Mordecai stopped talking "Tell me your side of the story Helena."
Helena obeyed despite hearing a choking sound from Mordecai "Sorry brother dear it was an accident that killed our father. I was running after one of our Patties an offspring form that got away from me. I got in front of our father's horse which reared up knocking him off the gonoid in question. The poor horse recognized me and reared up in fear just to avoid hitting me. Our Mother told me a belief that the Goddess Helena I'm named after takes supreme over males hence she insisting that I take the throne over you. I'm sorry I had your son killed. He was an idiot getting himself drunk a lot including charming the females for mating and not taking responsibility for that. He also balked responsibility for various females wounding up carrying as a result. I tried to get him to learn that his idiotic ways wasn't good for him. Your son refused to listen to my warnings when he preyed onto a fellow ruler's daughter and got her carrying. The ruler in question gave me an ultimatum. Have him killed or he'll kill me. I was forced to order his execution. I didn't agree to that but I was thinking of my life when I did that."
Mordecai felt he could breathe again didn't comment a response as he heard grumbling of the kingdom's people gathered around the room. He ignored them to focus onto Lance Richard who got up without a word and went to him lifting him up. He stood as Lance Richard pushed his hair from his face. 
He frowned as Lance Richard spoke "You bare my face Mordecai. I'll declare you the vessel of me and to take the throne of Abydos. Helena will give up the throne and obey you."
Mordecai didn't say a word as Lance Richard disappeared in a light show to hear gasps from the crowd. He folded his arms forming the familiar symbol with his hand for his sister to see indicated that he forgiven her she giving him the crown in response. Mordecai found her folding her arms and giving him the familiar symbol with her hand. He sighed recognized the look in her eyes indicated that she was genuine as he held the crown.
Mordecai heard "Hail to-"
"Oh no you don't!" The people were interrupted by a loud voice. 
He saw Helena gasp forming a glare as armored males came into the room thrusting swords around him and his sister. He glared as a male entered the room with a crown on his head he noticing the male was smirking.
Mordecai kept the glare as Helena was heard "King Brittan! I did what you asked! Had the violator killed!"
He exhaled a breath hearing Helena's words as King Brittan in response gave up a chuckle sound and spoke "The kingdom of Abydos is now under me King Brittan ruler of Brittany and all of her territories. Guards cut off the heads of Mordecai and Helena now."
Mordecai found his arms grabbed and forced to kneel as he heard from Helena "You will lose a kingdom Mahalia."
He willed forwards the Source as he heard the creepy voice tone of Lance Richard spoken through Helena as the sword he sensed went down onto his neck. He found his light extinguished 

Part Eight: Realization

Guardian continued to watch as the scene changed to show two figures a male and a female in the middle of a mating ritual making him disgusted to see. He saw the figures were Jason and Luna from the looks of them. Jason sighed loudly once he spilled himself inside Andreea who collapsed on top of him. He sighed again to place hands over where his child was nestled inside her he couldn't feel for the offspring. Jason heard a loud Hmph sound from Letty which he sighed and adjusted his underwear as Andreea pulled himself out of her and got off the bed. 
He rolled over shutting his eyes to hear "Andreea you and Jason have a responsibility to do."
Jason opened his eyes to find Martin in the room with a glare on his face. He glared back as Letty was heard clearing her throat. He kept the glare as Martin tossed him a box he caught was appearing to be a jewelry box. He opened it to find rings inside he saw were rings of marriage. 
Jason spoke firmly while eyeing Andreea next to the bed standing with a frown "Andreea will you marry me?"
He found Andreea in response getting onto the bed and kissing him on the lips he hearing her speaking during a break "Yes!"

Guardian watched as the scene changed to show a heavily pregnant Andreea lying in bed groaning while Jason was holding onto her hand. 
Jason placed a hand onto her abdomen as she groaned out "I have to push."
He heard from the doctor "She's right. The babies need to come out now."
Jason watched as his son was born followed by his daughter only to hear a coughing sound from Andreea. 
He felt panic hitting him as the nurses took his offspring away to focus onto Andreea who gasped out "Nikolai for the boy and Andreea Luna for the girl."
He sighed as he continued to find Andreea kept up the coughing loudly to realize with a start that she was sick with the plague. Jason continued to hold onto her hand as she extinguished her light. He burst into tears crying while putting his hand onto Andreea's eyes forcing them shut. 

Guardian continued to watch as Jason stood next to a coffin being lowered into the ground he having tears in his all white eyes. Jason stood eyeing the coffin holding Andreea and his son Nikolai who didn't survive the plague. He grunted as he felt a familiar tapping onto the back of his head.
Jason spoke "Tip?'
He got from the Tapper in response "Your daughter who survived wound up having the cure to the plague. Your Andreea's death wasn't in vain. Instead birthed the cure to the plague through your daughter in question. Here wear this."
He got thrust a ring which he put on while speaking "What happened to Ted?"
Jason eyed the Tapper who gave up a loud squawk sound followed by form shredding into a large bird that flew up into the air. He found the air filled with twin birds to hear cheering sounds from the males gathered around the coffin. He eyed the males in response to find them yanking off their vests and hoods they giving out cheering an applauding sounds. Jason groaned feeling the ring on his finger felt like a weight to him. He took off the ring and tossed it onto Andreea's coffin as dirt was being dumped onto it.
Jason didn't say a word in response walked away from the cheering males who were heard speaking "The Tappers control has ended! We're free!"

Guardian continued to watch as the scene shifted to a couple he recognized as Nikolas and his Mother mating he from a previous TV monitored scene saw it was twin to it. He then saw the couple shifted into Nikolai mating with his Mother who later got up once the mating was done a few suns later to throw up in the expeller. 
Guardian kept watching as Nikolai dialed a phone speaking 'Sent for medical personal to this room now."
Nikolai heard throwing up from the bathroom to sigh and didn't say a word as there was a door knocking sound. He went to the door making sure he was clad in his bathrobe to find medics there which he jabbed a finger at the bathroom and didn't say a word. Nikolai sat down in the armchair hearing the noises from the medics attending to Victoria Lynn who was still sick as usual. He glared as the medics came out one with a frown look that gave him a glare. He glared in response while willing forwards the Source. 
He got the medic giving him a bow and speaking "Respects. She's pregnant hence her sickness."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response to hear "You better be doing something to help me raise the baby."
He sighed hearing Victoria's sneering voice tone to find her in the room wearing a bathrobe and glaring at him. He glared at her in response as she threw up in front of him before darting into the bathroom he again hearing her expelling again. 
Nikolai spoke firmly "Just get out now! I'll handle her and her pregnancy now!"
He found his order obeyed despite he using the creepy voice tone of the Source. He went into the bathroom to find Victoria leaning over the toilet to thrust a bare hand onto her forehead. 
Nikolai spoke in response "You will think the baby is Nikolas Visser's and will forget mating with me and forget seeing me. So go to sleep and wake up when I slam the door to this bedroom."
Nikolai found his order obeyed by Victoria collapsing onto the floor which he ignored her lying there and left the bathroom. He went to his clothes to put them on including taking his bathrobe and left the room shutting the door with a bang sound.

Guardian found the scene changed to show Victoria Lynn heavily pregnant groaning loudly while in a hospital he saw had Mahalia's symbols of it. He continued to watch as Victoria Lynn pushed out a baby boy followed by again pushing out another baby that appeared to be a girl. 
He heard from the doctor as the nurses took the babies away "What names do you wish to refer the babies as?"
He heard from Victoria Lynn in response "Call the boy Victor and the girl Andreea Luna. It's my actual name despite the stage name of Victoria Lynn used."
Guardian stiffened hearing the name of Andreea Luna to find the doctor giving out a loud gasp and speaking "Was that you the one who brought the cure to Megiddo's people?"
He heard "Ugh yes that was me."
Guardian kept watching to find the Mahalian natives giving Victoria Lynn lots of attention while she was standing having her picture taken while wearing a dress that nearly bared her breasts. He kept on watching as Victoria Lynn smiled while holding onto the arm of a male he recognized was of a famous Mahalian actor named Liam but not sure of his last name. He kept on watching as the TV monitor went blank showing clouds instead of anything. 
He frowned to hear "Acknowledge him!"
Guardian eyed Egypt to find her floating next to him that repeated her words he finding who she was talking about. He saw Nikolai appear in front of him naked and heard Egypt repeat her words. 
He spoke firmly "Father I acknowledge you."
Guardian heard a clock chime bell ringing loudly only to hear Egypt speaking "He did what was required, All Seeing One."
He frowned as he found nothing in answer to Egypt's words only to hear silence from the clock. Guardian found hands onto his shoulder to feel compelled to stand up followed by pushed forwards off the chair into the darkness. He wound up falling face first to come to feeling himself wailing away like a baby. Guardian heard another wailing like noise sounding loudly twin to his but in a feminine voice tone. He felt the feeling went away followed by hearing singing of someone humming a lullaby. Guardian frowned hearing the humming followed by feeling himself back into his adult body lying on something like stone. He heard car honking noises sounding annoyed to him to shake sleepiness from his eyes to find a cop standing over him and giving him a golden eyed glare. Guardian didn't say a word in response got up in a fast move finding himself lying on the middle of the sidewalk in Megiddo's familiar capital city. He sighed and didn't say a word towards the cop who kept the golden eyed glare. Guardian walked away in response only to feel a compulsion to go into a direction. He obeyed to find himself led to Nikolai's familiar building to groan loudly in response. 
Guardian walked inside the lobby to find Robert in sight sleeping in his wheelchair that woke up sputtering "Ooh I'm trying to sleep."
He walked up to Robert and gently patted the male onto the cheek waking him up some more. 
Guardian got from Robert who focused onto him "Ooh its wannabe back from his walk. Father wants you in his office immediately. Follow me."
He sighed and found Robert leading the way to Nikolai's personal elevator to hear the male using Source orders to get the thing moving to his Father's residence. He didn't comment a response followed Robert out of the elevator to find Jones there that without a word led the way to Nikolai's office. Guardian heard multiple hissing sounds of cats within the room once in vicinity to frown and went inside hearing the door slam shut behind him. He stood finding Nikolai had back to him drinking from a cup from his arm movements. 
Guardian spoke "You wanted to see me?"
He frowned to hear a familiar crunch of glass to see orange liquid spurt from Nikolai to get the male turning around giving him a Source look. He got Nikolai's familiar finger gesture indicating on licking the floor. Guardian felt disgust take hold gave up the noise as he kneeled and gave the wooden floor several licks he feeling cat hair getting into his mouth. 
He spat out the cat hair and kept his kneeling pose with arms folded to get Nikolai speaking "What do you know of your origins hmm?"
Guardian spoke as if compelled "Not a thing other than this Victoria Lynn and my father Nikolas Visser got together and made me."
He got from Nikolai hissing out "Nikolas Visser isn't your Father I am."
Guardian gaped staring at Nikolai who continued speaking "Nikolas Visser and this Victoria Lynn met for a private mating game which there was nothing involving offspring forming from the union in question. Nikolas in question turned out to be medically unable to father offspring through females. Victoria Lynn in question wound up meeting me soon after Nikolas dumped her for Helena Crimson my sister in question. It was when you were created from the both of us mating each other."
Guardian gasped as Nikolai continued "My sister in case you want to know is my pouch sibling. She was living in Mahalia a refugee from being declared a vessel of a deceased Queen she named after in Brittany. It's from how she looked involving this Queen. The vessel status got too much for my sister hence she went to Mahalia to get her privacy in question. Nikolas wound up trying to pursue her heavily till she was forced to escape him going to my residence island in Megiddo."
He clamped his mouth shut as Nikolai continued speaking "Nikolas was kind of all over the place regarding charming females to mate with him and not focused onto marriage. Some sort of womanizer to the point that Parliament kicked him out of Kingship position and went with an elected official in his place. Brittany quit at the time of trying to make any retake attempts but now their still doing it at the moment."
Guardian spoke as if compelled "What's going on with Helena now?"
He clamped his mouth shut to eye Nikolai who spoke in response "She's back in Brittany trying to tolerate this vessel of a Queen Goddess status at the moment. It's not easy for her but I do know how she feels. I have been declared the vessel of a male deity answering to the name of Lance Richard. I'm required to travel all over Egyptia whenever the Master Organization's group members requests my presence for being their Deity Lord in question."
Guardian frowned finding nothing coming to mind about Helena as he eyed Nikolai which he got up only to hear "I didn't say that you could get up my son."
He sighed and forced himself to kneel in response to get Nikolai making his familiar gesture which he obeyed to lick the floor spitting out cat hair. 
Guardian quit once Nikolai spoke "Door unlock."
He heard a thump noise behind him to hear the door open followed by hearing "How's baby brother accepting the news Daddy?"
Guardian turned around to glare at Robert who was standing with arms folded the male wearing metallic objects on his legs. He felt something was odd regarding Robert's standing position but couldn't bring it up to his mind. Guardian shifted to glare at Nikolai he recalling that he never called any male father raiser by the fatherly words instead only called them by their first names. 
He kept the glare as Nikolai spoke "He took the news fine, Charles."
Guardian recalled the name of Robert to feel confused as his brother spoke "My name is Robert and don't forget it. I hate that name of Charles Crimson Junior. I don't care to be known as that drunkard uncle of yours drinking himself drunk to get thrown out of the window. Yuck."
He glared at Nikolai in response who spoke "Charles my uncle despite his flaws of being a drunk was a father figure to me. I didn't have anybody to father me despite my own father not being around busy being a womanizer."
Guardian frowned as Robert he figured he'll refer him spoke "You still upset about Owen Visser being your own Dad and ignoring you and Auntie Helena in question despite you born of someone else than his wife?"
He frowned as Nikolai in response spoke "Owen Visser despite his flaws was more interested in feeding his thing then doing anything for me and my sister in question. Hence the both of us adopted by Charles Crimson when it was obvious he didn't have an heir for his fortune. He took the both of us out of the orphanage in Brittany and brought us to Megiddo to raise us as his heirs. I suspect that his drunken bout of throwing himself out the window was on purpose when it was obvious he was dying away from some wasting disease of his mind. The hospital said he was diagnosed before he did his death stunt. Appears he chose his way to get to the Guardian of Life and Death in question."
Guardian frowned sensing something odd about Nikolai's wording as Nikolai added "So Robert shouldn't you be in the pool working on your leg strength hmm?"
He eyed Robert who pulled out a stick appearing to be a walking stick and without a word stiffly walked out of sight. 
Guardian eyed Nikolai to speak "What happened to him anyway?"
He eyed Nikolai who leaned against the desk speaking "That's another story for Robert as he wishes to be called to tell you, Victor. I'm not at liberty to say what the story is. Robert told me he wants to tell you himself of that story. Ask him when the time is right. So get out of my office, Victor, and leave me to drink my juice in peace."
Guardian obeyed hearing the name of Victor he figured "Must be my name."
He found the butler shutting the doors behind him to hear multiple meows sounding faint once the doors were shut. 
Guardian spoke "How many cats does he have anyway?"
He eyed the butler who spoke "The name is Harrington Sir. I gave up counting cats whenever asked. The Master has various cats all over the place."
He spoke "Well I meant living gonoid cats not themed cats."
Guardian got from Harrington in response "Ah the Master has one cat named Annie that is rather hissy towards visitors and other people. She only likes the Master and will only show herself to him. Don't ask me on how the Master got Annie. I heard a rumor among the Master Organization that someone got a towel with his scent on it and threw it in a den of cats. Reportedly some cat room in a cat sanctuary actually. Anyway none of the cats expressed interests in the towel as the rumor said until Annie was put into the room. The rumor stated she made a beeline towards the towel and rubbed herself with it including playing with it. I heard that's how the Master acquired Annie herself. Finicky cat she's turned to be. Only showing herself to her Master and balking on being around for the staff whenever food is put out for her. Oh-"
He heard blared "Harrington!"
Guardian sighed hearing it announced to find the butler without a word entering Nikolai's office slamming the doors. 
He spoke out loud "Just what am I supposed to be doing? Such as finding my own life's purpose?"
Guardian heard in response "Figure it out yourself smarty. You have your own life to live. You should figure out your own paths to live and figure out what to do with your own life. Live it. Don't confront the Guardian of Life and Death again till he calls for you."
He exhaled a breath hearing that sounding in his mind abruptly along with confusion hitting him he not sure where the voice came from. 
Guardian spoke out loud "Well live life. Fine I might as well do that. But first I got to figure out what Father has in mind for me to do here."
He shrugged and felt like walking further into the residence to find himself going into a direction he thinking to himself "Well life shouldn't be a problem anyway. I aim to live the best I can."
Guardian wound up bumping into a female reading a book who did a double take look seeing him. 
He frowned sensing something familiar about her only to get her speaking 'Pouch brother?"
Guardian spoke realizing who the female was from shock hitting him "Pouch sister it's you. I should have realized when I saw you."
He didn't say a word as his pouch sister in response hugged him in a tight hold he hugging her back. 
He heard sobbing sounds from his sister to hear "My name is Andreea Luna. Is your name Victor?'
Guardian spoke in response "It's my name. Isn't your name the name of that Mahalian actress married to this actor Liam in Mahalia?"
He frowned eyeing Andreea who spoke in response quitting her tears "Mother had you and I adopted out separately within Mahalia despite our Father managed to get people to adopt us both by his own people."
He spoke recalling the memory as if compelled "Yes I remember that adoption bit. I do recall something hitting me involving you which I figured it out."
Guardian got from Andreea as she quit hugging him he doing the same "Yes it's our pouch connection our Father told me of it at a meeting. He knows what we're feeling from him having that connection himself."
He sighed and spoke as Andreea took his arm and walked in the hallway "So tell me your life living in Mahalia."
Guardian got Andreea speaking his words at the same time he spoke them. 
He sighed and spoke as she spoke "You first."
Guardian spoke as she spoke "Life is going to be interesting isn't it?"
He sighed as Andreea sighed and without a word spoke as she spoke "Let's write it down."
Guardian eyed Andreea who eyed him back and without a word found her leading the way to the kitchen where there was a laptop computer sitting on the table. He sat down as Andreea sat down in front of the computer she typing away he recalling his life on Mahalia as if compelled. 
He sighed recalling "I was raised by a midwife all over Mahalia till a drunk driver took her out in a car accident. The drunk driver died in the process. Police said he was too drunk to survive the accident. Anyway I wound up graduating from high school in Victoria State at age nineteen despite home schooled all my life till my Mother raiser passed away. Nikolai got a hold of me after the graduation ceremony to get me to Megiddo to meet him. I wound up balking on going to Megiddo till I turned twenty one is when I went. My reason for falling asleep on the sidewalk was fainting from staying up so late and not sleeping. I was too excited to meet my father. I wound up walking to his building instead of taking the car to there as ordered by my Father. I fell asleep as a result."
He focused onto Andreea to find her speaking "So tell me of your life in Mahalia? I'll type it down along with my own story. I warn you I used various tall tale jokes into my story to make it seem fiction. It's just to hide our identities from the public. I'm hoping on having a writing career at the moment by myself with no help from our Father."
Guardian began the tale telling Andreea a detailed version of his story despite compelled to speak various tall tales as she typed.
She interrupted he heard "You want to hear the story I typed down?"
Guardian spoke "Tell me anyway I might know of it actually."
Andreea spoke in response.

Part Nine: Edenia's Tale

"Kinaw has powers to protect Edenia from ships trying to enter the moon planetary world. He uses powers to keep out a foreign ship by having shield powers make the ship’s functions become terminal as it nears Edenia but stops the terminal thing once the ship goes away from Edenia. He while in Wiser hut falls asleep to dream of Hades torturing him in the forest using plant control over him to punch him all over then puts mask face on his face which he in dream passes out unconscious and continues to dream of waking up as Hades feeling hungry and tries to find nourishment but doesn’t find anything till some figure he doesn’t see knocks him off his feet and demands the mask off him which he obeys to find it snatched from his hand and in the dream passes out to come to for real feeling awful sick in his stomach to throw up which he proceeds to do over the side of the bed till a Wiser arrives and gets him to drink something nasty tasting from a bowl which he does then passes out unconscious to dream of himself getting up from bed and going to the rope bridge between huts in the trees to order a Hawk to come get him which it does picking him up awkwardly which he figures out isn’t his personal hawk that picks him up normally and demands to be put down which it drops him through the forest and trees which he catches tree branches that break underneath his hands and lands onto the grassed ground to feel annoyed with the Hawk pulling that stunt on him. He gets his arms caught by branches wrapping around them and same with his ankles then Hades arrives and proceeds to punch him all over. Kinaw wakes up for real again feeling in a foul mood to smell food finds two bowls holding food and liquid which he goes to forcing himself to take his time eating and drinking then once done goes back to bed but leans against the wall while seated on it feeling like he shouldn’t be lying down to aggravate his stomach from taking in nourishment. Kinaw hears an awk loudly from outside that suspiciously sounds like his personal Hawk he dubbed Ryder and continues to hear her make more noises which he feels annoyed with gets up and walks out to find Ryder on top of the hut’s roof that is pointing a wing down which he looks to find a familiar gonoid identified as a Dragon dubbed Arena he recognizes there looking like she’s upset with something in her eyes and sees her looking at him and gives off a choking sound. He sighs and orders Ryder to put him down on the ground which she obeys and orders Arena to lie down period while he go inside her mouth and see if he can pull out what’s choking her which she obeys and finds it disgusting doing it to find a spiny plant inside her throat near the entrance to her mouth which he grabs and with force yanks it out along with yanking himself out of her and in the sunlight examines the plant to see Arena eye it with some hungry look in her eyes. He asks Arena in a polite tone to explain why she’s eating plants like this even choking herself from it. He gets from Arena that that she’s been hunting underwater in the ocean for gonoids which she ate some of them and didn’t realize that the plant was floating among them and wound up getting it into her by accident and tried to get it out herself by sticking some stick into her mouth to dislodge it but it got it further into her till she felt like she was beginning to choke went to find some manoid who could pull it out for her and adds a thank you comment and that she needs to snooze which he doesn’t comment to see Arena has fallen asleep by the looks of her eyes shut and snoring noise heard from her. He examines the plant wondering what to do with it till a Wiser drops from above and in hand gestures towards him to give him the plant which he obeys and then the Wiser points a finger at him and points up which a rope ladder appears next to him. Kinaw obeys to climb onto the rope ladder and gets himself up to the trees onto the rope bridge to find the ladder pulled up by hidden hands which he doesn’t find it odd due to knowing that the Wisers are doing it in some hidden state by an agreement with a gonoid when worn can make manoids hidden and that the gonoid feeds off the manoid by its mouth sucker stuck into the arm of the manoid wearing it and using it for various purposes. Kinaw walks off the rope bridge to enter the hut and sits with back leaning against the wall while still on the bed and figures that he’ll get some sleep himself.  He shuts his eyes and passes out unconscious to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder to find a Wiser leaning over him that speaks that he’s slept enough for now and wants to talk to him about something which he frowns but stares at the Wiser who adds that there’s a reason for their agreement with the stingers on their arms which involves hiding from the Hawks due to that the Hawks has repeatedly grabbed them without warning and taken off while carrying them in claws and those carried haven’t been returned and they haven’t had any communications from the Wisers taken since to say that they were fine elsewhere. Kinaw frowns hearing that as he hears a familiar roaring noise within him in his mind figures that its Lance Richard seeing through his eyes and that the Lord of the Underworld has heard what’s said feels a coldness feeling hitting him as the Wiser straightens up his form with arms folded to speak Lance Richard’s name and a question if he had anything to do with it. He speaks as if compelled in some evil cruel voice tone that the Wisers aren’t wise enough to contain themselves in one place in Edenia due to that the moon can have disasters that can wipe out people from seeing that happen from time to time along with seeing some species nearly wiped out from staying in one spot as their home till he interfered while the disaster was going on and yanked out a male and female out of there into another spot and continued doing that yanking onto them as they multiplied and numbered by scattering them all over Edenia and is doing the same thing to the Wisers as well including having them dumped through gated doorways to elsewhere off Edenia due to that Edenia herself seemed to made it clear to him that she wanted species to not only be contained in Edenia but elsewhere as well.  Kinaw gets from the Wiser an Interesting comment and that they would have cooperated with that if they were told of it in the first place instead of thinking that the Hawks were doing something bad to them. He speaks as if compelled still feeling the coldness within him voice sounding sarcastic that he already tried to tell the Wisers that personally in person but they refused to have anything to do with him and knocked him out along with dumping him asleep onto a raft which he once awake had to use Arena swimming nearby to push the raft to land and then once recovered commissioned the Hawks to yank Wisers seen and carry them as far as they could carry till their tiredness of holding them overtakes them and then they were to drop the Wiser along with landing someplace if the Wiser clung to their claws. He gets from the Wiser that the Wisers doing that stunt to him had an ulterior motive to do that stunt due to that there’s an island continent holding First Ones living there which Arena was ordered once Lance woke up to push the raft to there so Lance could live there among his own species and get what he needs the most which he suspects that Lance already has gotten it. He speaks still feeling Lance in control as the Wiser becomes silent in an annoyed voice tone that the Wisers should have let him say his piece then said their piece of wanting him to live among First Ones instead of doing some stunt to him and he wouldn’t have retaliated by having the Hawks capture Wisers and dumping them elsewhere. He becomes silent as the Wiser speaks that that his people will drop that Hawk issue if Lance and his people will accept Lukinawa he names among them as payment due to knowing that his species already paid Lance’s payment which was Lance acquiring a female due to suffering from some sickness which only a female could heal him through mating ways. Kinaw groans feeling the coldness stop and the roaring in his mind going away which he shakes his head and stares at the Wiser who adds that Lance has some angry attitude towards Kinaw hence he refusing to have anything to do with him and that Wisers have contacted Lance before he was dumped onto a raft to talk to Kinaw he names who has balked doing it and has refused to give out a reason for that except one thing they noticed with Lance and Kinaw is that their faces are the same along with similar looks with hair and body which indicates them as twin brothers but they suspect that Lance is the older brother due to being the Lord of the Underworld with more power abilities while Kinaw seems to have some power abilities but their not the same as Lance has. Kinaw frowns hearing that hears an awk sound loudly sighs as the Wiser speaks that it sounds like his ride wants him out of the hut. He obeys to find Ryder on top of the hut that gives off several jumps while on top of the hut which he counts to figure out by the number that she wants to carry him someplace long term and wants to do it right away. He groans rubbing a hand on his forehead as he hears from a hidden Wiser that he sees the Hawk carrying him to the First Ones’ island continent and landing him in one of their camps where he meets Lance Richard himself and doesn’t see what else happens after that. He sighs again as Ryder gives off awks sounds which he again counts her jumps to figure out that she agrees with the hidden Wiser’s talk groans and mentally orders Ryder to pick him up and carry him to the First Ones’ island continent which his order is obeyed finding the carrying is lengthy and over a huge body of water with the sun moving from near sunrise to sunset till land is spotted with eater smoke seen and he’s brought to it to land in the middle of a campground where there are multiple huts and people he recognizes as First Ones nearby staring at him with ranges of emotions on their faces. Kinaw hears a loud roaring noise and feels the ground shake to find himself falling underground to land in a cave from the looks of it as the ground above him closes up leaving him stuck in the cave. He yells while standing up that Lance Richard better have a good excuse for treating him like this for its not appropriate when he could have used words instead. He hears another roaring sound to look around the cave to see part of it become watery and stiffens as a male figure comes out of the watery area which he recognizes from the face looking identical to his is Lance Richard who’s wearing shiny clothing and a crown on his head and looking angry while having night sky eyes. Kinaw feels annoyed yells that Lance better talk on his anger towards him for he’s entrusted with powers to keep Edenia from visitors keeping her policy of no visitor period. Kinaw feels annoyed glares at Lance who holds up a hand fisting it and feels a choking sensation in his throat charges towards Lance who waves a hand and he feels deadness hitting his feet continues to choke while clawing his throat till the sunlight bursts into the cave and an angry female voice speaks scolding Lance to drop that angry attitude towards Kinaw period or she’ll put him down asleep on a permanent basis. He feels the choking stop as Lance yells at Edenia while Kinaw himself is looking at her floating above them that he had a twin brother who was apparently angry at him and stabbed him in the back without warning or explanation and dumped his body to be deposed and he’s just furious about that and is taking it out on Lukinawa he names due to that people have compared them both as twin brothers and is still angry about that stunt his twin brother he trusted with his life for trying to kill him instead of using words to say that he was angry at him and reason why for that anger. Kinaw keeps his mouth shut as Edenia looks at him with a glare and points a finger and speaks the word remember and talk it now. He jerks remembering what Lance is talking about himself stabbing his older brother in the back with a knife and having body deposed and realizes what the reason is to speak it out loud that it was jealousy towards his older brother due to that people found his brother to be some hero while they saw him as a troublemaker and refused to back down from that view no matter what he did to get them to drop that attitude even when he did some hero like behavior they still saw him as a joke and thought he caused the situation in the first place and refused to see him as a hero instead saw it with his brother and gave his brother the credit when he should be getting it. He continues that his jealousy controlled him enough to off his twin brother just to get people’s worshipping towards him which they didn’t do that instead thought he was still a joke and kept on worshipping his twin brother as some deity lord which someone behind him while he was out walking in the city escorted by guards hit him in the head and he passed out and found himself in Edenia given the job of keeping her no visitor policy along with some ability to communicate with gonoids to give them orders to do things and an ability to get it what they wanted to communicate towards him despite them not using First One speech-"
Guardian interrupted "Don't you have the story told in book format other than a summary outline? Sorry for interrupting."
He heard from Andreea in response.

Kinaw clamped his mouth shut feeling annoyed with himself as he stared at Edenia he noticed was glaring at Lance by the look of her plant First One eyes appearing to look at him. He kept his mouth shut to stare at Edenia who made several eye narrowing and eye widening gestures which he figured that she was communicating with Lance from her doing that eye thing to him before and hearing her mental voice sounding in his mind. He kept his mouth shut as he eyed Lance who he saw was looking at Edenia with First One eyes then shifted to look at the female and kept his attention aimed at her. 
He frowned as Edenia shifted to look at him and he heard her loud demanding voice sounding in his mind with her eyes going from narrowing and widening “I'm giving you pouch siblings a second chance to make peace with each other. So don't wreck it. Or I'll punish you both by making you dream sleep till my anger is cooled enough to have you up and awake again. Don't try my anger or my patience again."
He didn’t comment a response as the scene shifted to find himself in the First Ones’ camp above ground staring at Lance who was staring at him with ranges of emotions on his face he felt himself running through him. 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and with a soft groan held up his hand and spoke “I prefer the name of Kinaw to Lukinawa. Lukinawa sounds girlish to me anyway and I’m not a girl.” 
He heard a snicker sound from Lance frowned who took his hand and shook it then let go to speak “Kinaw sounds fine to me. Besides its better than the name of Kitchen which was a name I used when introducing myself to people around here before Edenia gave me the Lance Richard title and duties involved with that. Also Kitchen among First Ones is another name for a place to cook which I didn’t know of that till they told me when I was discussing my life before being given the title with them. They found it funny anyway.” 
He exhaled a breath to nod his head in a bob to feel a female form draping herself over him and kissing him on the lips along with blocking his view of Lance which he frowned from that. 
He heard from Lance appearing to sound in his mind “First One policy around here is females pick the males they want to mate with by doing that lip to lip ritual before leading the male to some place private for mating. Also another policy is that males are required to stay with females that picked them for life even fathering offspring through her as well so enjoy.” 
He shut his eyes and placed hands on the female’s back feeling gonoid skin clothing to him and moved his lips kissing her back till she broke it off which he saw was a First One with golden earth colored hair that barely reached her shoulders and eyes that were sky colored. He sighed as the female got out of his arms and took one of his arms which he didn’t resists and found her leading him to a hut which he was forced inside with her blocking the entrance with a hanging blanket. It took him a few moments to see inside in the darkness with eyes adjusting to see the female stripping herself of her gonoid skin dress revealing her body to him that made him feels a weird feeling from his sensitive part which he hurriedly got out of his clothes till he was naked. Kinaw didn’t say a word as the female forced him to lie on his back and straddled him touching his sensitive part making him gasp and arch his back a bit from feeling pleasure hitting him from her hands touch. He continued to keep up the gasping as she ran her hands on his sensitive part then guided it inside her which he rolled his eyes from the feelings of pleasure hitting him while inside her. Kinaw continued to gasp as the female placed hands on his shoulders and rocked him giving him more charges of pleasure hitting him that continued keep coming and seemed lengthy till he gave up a loud roaring sound as he spilled himself inside her with a jerk and shook from the feeling hitting him while sensing her collapsed onto him. Kinaw breathed deeply through his mouth while shutting his eyes from the pleasure feeling that lowered its ebb till he felt satisfied to sigh loudly and shut his mouth to breathe deeply. He sighed as the female he felt raised herself up and patted him on the cheek. 
Kinaw opened his eyes and stared at her as she stopped the patting and spoke him finding himself understanding a word “Lukinawa since you insisted on being called Kinaw I’ll call you that. I’m called Malina house of Oakley which Oakley is my father’s name anyway.”
He sighed and spoke “House of Buell which Buell is my father’s name and yes I do have a pouch brother whose name was Buellton.”
He clamped his mouth shut as Malina he heard gave off a sighing sound followed by her speaking “And your actual name was? I don’t think it was Lukinawa anyway.” 
Kinaw spoke “I was named after my mother whose name was Svetlana which the name was Sivetano. I was given the Lukinawa name by Edenia who told me it’s another name for Guardian. She has refused to explain the importance of that name besides its meaning for Guardian to me and hasn’t said anything about me using the name of Kinaw instead when introducing myself to people-"
Guardian interrupted "Who's these people your mentioning anyway?'
He got from Andreea "Just someone from the Tsarina's history I wound up thinking this story in process of trying to be a writer for a living."
He spoke in response "Interesting."
Guardian heard from Andreea in response "Just listen to the story and tell me what you think."
He obeyed to listen to her speaking the story.

Edenia watched Bella daughter of Lukinawa as if compelled. She frowned as Bella was picked up by her father after walking towards him and stiffened as her senses blared warning abruptly. She saw Bella place a hand on Lukinawa’s arm and eyed his feet as if drawn to see them become rooted in the ground beginning to look like plants. She stiffened as she realized what was going on with Bella as Lukinawa dropped her who didn’t cry but put a hand on the dirt ground in front of her and saw a plant come up in place of where her hand was touching. Edenia had an enough revealed herself to Lukinawa while mentally ordering Life to transport herself to the guardian seeing it happened. 
She picked up Bella by the top from behind and got no protest from the child as she mentally ordered to Life a young female First One child with all cloud eyes “Heal Lukinawa of his ailment now.” 
She watched as her order was obeyed followed by Lukinawa shaking his head which he eyed her as she spoke to him mentally “Sorry Lukinawa I have to take Bella. It appears she has an ability to make plants form from her hand touch which I saw happen to your feet and the ground. I have to take Bella and get her to a teacher who is immune to her powers just so she’ll learn how to use them properly.” 
Edenia then transported herself out of Lukinawa’s sight and went to her outdoor temple sanctuary which she thought to herself “I might as well transport Bella to the sands and see if she can form something from them.”
She felt her leg wrapped around something abruptly feeling like a clawed hand which she recognized belonged to Arena turned feeling annoyed towards the Dragon who gave up a Tsk sound. 
She gave Arena a glare who spoke moving her mouth “Ah Edenia excuse me but I think you should go to the valley of doorways and get this child to Columbia. They need her more than this world does.” 
She continued to glare knowing that Arena always seemed to know what she was thinking even popping up unexpectedly with comments from time to time as the Dragon continued talking “The natives of Columbia I tell you underwent some technological revolution and is nearly forgetting about preserving nature and its order on the planet so send her there. Besides I know of one with a First One appearance but is from our world, living there that’s immune to her plant growing powers and other special abilities that the natives have that has been fighting lengthy to preserve nature to the natives who are ignoring him telling them about it. I believe his name rhymes with hairy but I’m not sure which sound he’s taken to form his name due to knowing others like him around this world with similar sounding names despite looking alike.” 
Edenia frowned abruptly as she got images clear in her mind of a planetary world populated of First Ones and others with similar appearance along with various images of how they were living on the planet and a First One she recognized as one of the Builder brothers from living on Edenia with a disgusted expression on his face eyeing the First Ones cutting trees with machinery in front of him and a First One laughing at him in some rude tone while saying something she didn’t hear. Edenia frowned as the scenes stopped which she figured was transmitted from Arena from knowing the Dragon doing that to her from time to time. She gave up a disgusted sound and without a comment transported herself to the valley of doorways which was a large rocky gorge open to the sky with round metal arch circles with openings showing clouds in between stuck in the walls of it on both sides all over it. 
She exhaled a breath feeling Arena’s claw still gripping her leg and gave the Dragon a glare as she mentally spoke “So which one to Columbia?”
She heard from Arena as she pointed her tail at a doorway stuck in the wall near the ground “That one and don’t worry I managed to transmit the proper dream for this offspring to get herself transported to Columbia.”
Edenia gave up a Hmph and felt Arena’s claw still on her leg as she carried a dangling Bella to the doorway as pointed by the Dragon and with a loud groan swung the child backwards then forwards letting go and saw her get thrown into the gate which gave up a bright light flashing for a bit then resumed its cloudy appearance. 
She felt Arena’s claw on her shoulder yanking her away from the gate and found herself back in her outdoor temple sanctuary with the Dragon’s hold off her as she heard from her “Don’t worry this First One I told you about will find her and teach her what should be happening to his planetary world which his influence if he teaches her correctly will be enough. I warn you that this First One has to teach her in a certain way or she’ll get caught up among the natives obsessed with technology to bother doing anything about nature.”
She didn’t comment a response as Arena added “I think you should keep an eye on this Lukinawa’s offspring and others to come. My instincts are warning me that his connection to the planetary world we’re on is influencing his off springs to be born with special abilities which might require them taken away and raised elsewhere. So be warned that I told you of that.”
She watched as Arena disappeared in a flash of light and sighed which she transported herself to Lukinawa making sure she was hidden and watched him in a middle of a mating ritual with his female dubbed Malina and sensed from the ritual that it was him taking control by his hand holding his female’s wrists together. She continued to watch noticing that Malina had her legs locked around Lukinawa and had her head up neck bare as her mate mated with her. Edenia felt an odd feeling hitting her watching that scene which she withdrew from it and transported herself to Lance Richard seeing him seated on the ground in front of an eater fire who’s eyes narrowed as if seeing her but didn’t give up an acknowledgement as his male offspring went from playing with a stick and got onto his lap which he gripped in a hug while narrowing his eyes in a glare aimed at her. 
She didn’t comment a response figuring out for awhile that Lance could see her in her hidden state even if others couldn’t as his female Melania with facial appearance twin to Malina but longer hair near her waist got into view to sit next to him speaking she hearing “Your thinking of something Lance and appearing to ignore our son Kin seated in your lap who wants your attention.” 
She saw Lance look away to stare at Melania which he spoke “Edenia took Bella due to seeing what I saw happened to my brother’s feet becoming plant like. She said that Bella has some ability to make plants grow from her hand touch and had to take her away so someone could raise her.”
Edenia didn’t comment a response as Melania spoke “And? Your hinting something else happened.” 
She heard from Lance “Bella got transported off Edenia. I could sense Bella go into a travel gate by one of them telling me that. I also sense that my brother’s connection to Edenia as its planetary protector has altered him to produce offspring with some kind of abilities which would result in Edenia herself taking them away when it’s apparent that they have some ability that my brother and his mate can’t tolerate to teach their offspring the proper use of.”
She frown feeling disgust take hold figuring out that Lance with his earth powers always had some connection to the doorways due to them stuck in rocky ground a part of his abilities to control the dirt by manipulating it by various uses. 
She kept her mouth shut as Melania spoke “Your worried about Edenia doing the same to Kin if he has some special ability we can’t control him enough to teach him how to properly use them.” 
She eyed Lance who looked away to stare at her then resumed staring at Melania with a frown on his face as he spoke “On the world I was living on had a ruler with a pass down law that offspring with special abilities was taken away from their parents when it was obvious that the parents couldn’t tolerate the offspring’s ability enough to properly teach them and raised with someone else who could do the job. The parents in response after the offspring was taken away would go into a mating ritual hoping to have another offspring to take its place. The ruler long before my coming to exist along with my brother gave out a law that people could only have three offspring period and any more would be put to death which was obeyed without question till the birth of me and my brother. Our parents already had two offspring before us which our birth brought people questioning that law to the current ruler at the time whose response was to order one of us to death. The people rebelled against that and assassinated the ruler but left his mate alive and she wound up having twin females her latest off springs. I later found out once grown about the birth due to that she hid this from the people and later admit it on her deathbed to one of her court members who told the others of it. The law of having three offspring continued but was adjusted if a female birthed more than one offspring after carrying them together which has been going on for awhile even still in effect when I was tossed off the world.” 
Edenia frowned sensing a light show off her right and looked to see Arena who spoke loudly “Excuse me, Edenia you around here or what? I need to talk to you on something.” 
She revealed her form and folded her arms and mentally spoke “This better be good since you’re making the natives here a bit nervous with your sudden appearance.” 
She didn’t protest as Arena put a clawed hand on her shoulder and then found herself back into her outdoor sanctuary temple which the Dragon spoke “This Lance and Lukinawa from what I heard from Lance admitting is originally from the world Columbia just prior to the natives getting obsessed with living with technology and not living with nature.” 
Edenia frowned hearing Arena’s words as Arena continued “I sort of figured out where those brothers are from, from overhearing Lance’s talk and overhearing Lukinawa admit to his female the original names of himself, his brother and his family members as well. I didn’t put this together till Lance admitted what his world’s people was doing which I managed to pinpoint the world as Columbia itself. Oh the practice of offspring taken away from parents on Columbia is still ongoing along with only having three off springs with adjustments if there’s more than one carried at a time. I do warn you that there are others sensed on Columbia that are torn between preserving nature and their obsession with technology that have used technology to create contained nature settings.”
Edenia mentally spoke “What about Bella? What do you sense from the natives treating her?”
She frowned as Arena spoke “Ah don’t worry about her being harmed. The one with the name rhymes with hairy has found her and is zealously raising her while teaching her to use her powers to get nature grown again after people destroy it. He’s currently using Bella to spite some people destroying nature. Just do hope he won’t forget Bella’s original purpose on that world and be careful with flaunting her or the natives will take her away or cause harm to her.” 
Edenia frowned hearing that from Arena who released her hold on her and disappeared in a flash of light. 
She frowned and then went to her throne chair to sit and mentally spoke knowing that Arena could hear her “I’ll be busy keeping an eye on Bella for awhile so disturb me if I’m needed. I need to know what’s going on with Bella from what you’re telling me.” 
She sensed agreement from Arena shut her eyes and mentally concentrated on Bella and sensed a hand First One like touch her cheek which she jerked open her eyes to find Lukinawa standing in front of her who spoke “I heard what’s said about Bella. I need to see. She’s my offspring. Melania told me to stop hovering over Malina when it was obvious she was in some dream sleep while carrying offspring which will take awhile for the birth to happen like what happened with Bella.” 
Edenia frowned but shut her eyes and concentrated on Bella seeing in her mind sensing Lukinawa was seeing what she was seeing as well. 

Barry formed disgust on his face as the native of the planet dubbed Egyptia, Harold a foreman of the logging crew laughed at him in some smirking laugh. 
He felt annoyance take hold as Harold spoke in some laughing tone in Megiddo the island’s native language dubbed Meg as ordered by the government for Egyptians to speak it “Hah you can’t do a thing about this hairy Barry.”
Barry felt himself further annoyed at the insult formed a glare on his face flaring golden eyes and saw Harold’s smirk went away along with the laughing tone as the male formed nervousness. He recalled the eye color change was some kind of known special ability among the natives of the planetary world of Egyptia that always made Egyptians without that ability nervous seeing them from people flaring them in their faces.
Barry spoke ignoring his voice tone had changed in the language “Don’t ever insult me with the word hairy despite it rhyming with my name, Harold.” 
He saw Harold bob his head in an Egyptian head gesture of yes which he stopped talking and without a word stopped his flaring eyes color and limped off right hand holding a metal cane in his hand feeling himself getting angry. He willed himself to calm as he felt the familiar headache hitting him from one of the planet’s Meritanians which he figured was Tut doing it and felt his angry mood gone. He limped away walking in the jungle feeling himself dejected that the government of the island nation of Megiddo he lived on had rejected his request to buy forty acres of undeveloped jungle land bordering his home territory instead went with a developer dubbed Crimson. He continued to remember that Crimson’s hidden leader identity unknown had managed to outbid him with the money to buy the land by promising the government a money amount close to billon dollars which was way more than the pathetic two million dollars he promised to pay them for the land. Barry continued to walk using his cane thinking to himself that the leader kept up their promise and paid the government the money amount over his objections and telling the island’s ruler Henry house of Lindo who was using the title of Duke that the money sum was originally from the island’s natives as tax money but the ruler refused to believe him instead awarded the land to the developer. He continued to think recalling that Crimson’s leader after the awarding sent a messenger to him who gave him a letter which he read was from the person in some smirking tone that his land was next and there was nothing he can do about keeping it due to influence in the Duke’s circle was enough to get the Duke to consider having his land taken away and up to grabs by developers which this developer hoped to get period. Barry felt his mood becoming bad again exhaled a breath through his mouth and willed himself to calm as he limped and reached a wooden fence jutting from the ground marking his twenty acres of his two hundred thousand acres of territory set aside for him to live on which he followed till he reached the gate with a padlock mysteriously broken as usual despite him repeatedly replacing it with a new one. He felt annoyance take hold at the gate and with an Hmph swung open the gate and froze seeing a gonoid on the path to his house looking like a bull cow charge towards him with a growling sound. 
Barry mentally spoke in Summeran a language he learned from Edenia was First One spoken “Halt your charge now! I’m friend not foe!”
He waited as the bull stopped his charging and shook his horned head before standing down and staring at him which he heard a male voice spoken in his mind also in Summeran “Some nasty people sent me to gore you to death. I didn’t like the smell of them along with them training me to do the goring with pain methods.”
Barry exhaled a breath and walked into his territory leaving the gate open and mentally spoke to the bull “You’re free to leave if you wish.”
He heard “No thank you. It’s getting pretty bad out there with those nasty people shooting at us with their noisy sticks and us dropping with nothing sensed. I managed to get my wife in here due to indicating to the nasty people I refused to do any of my training without her around. Oh she’s busy watching one of the nasty people’s offspring dumped here after some flashing light show that seems to have some ability to make plants grow from touching the ground. I’ve seen that happen in case you want to know.” 
Barry frowned hearing that shut the gate then locked it behind him and mentally spoke to the bull “Show me this plant grower offspring if you would please.” 
He heard “Follow me.” 
Barry obeyed following the bull through his territory till they reached his man made lake he dubbed Erie due to giving him an eerie feeling when eyeing it from time to time after its creation to stop on the beach and saw a cow feminine version of the bull without horns standing and noticed a pile of grass gathered near her. 
He walked up to the cow that looked at him and mentally spoke “Some female screamed at me not to let the offspring touch me bare handed. The offspring is in the middle of that food mess.” 
He obeyed walking over pass the talk knee length grass to find seated in the middle of them was a First One like child wearing gonoid skin dress clothing on the form and having black hair and green eyes seen who looked at him with curiosity before raising hands throwing them at him with some pleading look in the eyes. 
Barry hesitated only to hear from Yerra the female Meritanian “Barry, its safe for her to touch you. Your immunity to special abilities done by Egyptians is taking affect.” 
He didn’t comment a response went to the child he figured from Yerra’s talk that it was a female and bent down with an arm lifting her up feeling her hands touching him. 
He stiffened seeing clear in his mind as usual from touching Egyptian children who had special abilities a full grown woman wearing a green dress with the child’s grown facial looks and saying “I am called Greenlee for nature is my domain where I rule preserving it.” 
He sighed and without a word carried Greenlee he figured he’ll call her to his wooden cabin nearby the lake and got blocked by the cow who mentally spoke “I think you should see about having her hands be covered before she touches anything else due to that there was a ball I and her were playing kicking with it which became a plant when she touched it with her hands while yanking it out of the water. Oh the water doesn’t seem to be affected when she dipped her hands into it after tossing aside the ball plant appearing to be washing her hands from the looks of it. Plant from the looks seems to be the type to give off a rash due to seeing her hands became a funny color that stopped after she got her hands into the water and removed them.” 
Barry exhaled a breath sensing the cow wasn’t kidding with her talk as he mentally spoke “Thanks for the warning Missy.” 
He heard from her “I’m dubbed Cowgirl while my husband is dubbed Cowboy so refer that to us, Keeper.” 
He frowned hearing the word keeper kept his thoughts to himself as he walked by Cowgirl who got out of his way and recalled gonoids at meetings always refer him as Keeper despite him telling him his name of Barry which he felt Greenlee had fallen asleep on him carried her to the cabin’s porch to find the door open a bit. He felt annoyance take hold figuring out that a burglar had managed to get inside which he kicked open the door to find nothing amiss but his rocking chair was sitting in the middle of the living room with a thick envelope stuck to it instead of at its usual spot. Barry gave up a Hmph sound and recalled Cowgirl warning him of Greenlee’s plant ability went further on the porch and placed her still snoozing in a wooden chair he hand carved himself from parts of a fallen tree hit by a wind storm and adjusted her hands keeping them on her form seeing her dress remained intact despite her hands touching it. He groaned a soft groan then went to back to the cabin’s main entrance and went inside going to a box in the dining room part of the cabin near the cabin’s second entrance to the porch was which he yanked open and found winter gear inside which he rummaged through and found a pair of mittens looking small enough to fit Greenlee which he took out and with a hand holding them went out of the cabin to find Greenlee awake with hands on the chair’s armrests and frowned seeing the seat remained intact despite her touch. 
He spoke in Meg to her “Greenlee, my name is Barry and I’ll be raising you till it’s apparent you won’t need me.”
He eyed Greenlee to see she seemed to understand him by her eyes showing understanding in them. 
He held up the mittens and spoke “Greenlee, I’ll be honest on why I have them in my hand. You have an ability to make plants out of various things from touching them. I have items in my home I want to have preserved hence me holding the hand coverings so you have a problem with wearing them let me know.” 
He got in response from Greenlee raising her hands towards him and some demanding look in her eyes which he figured that she was not going to speak or get up to take them to put on. 
Barry spoke “Greenlee, you have lots to learn about this world who have people that are very dangerous willing to do anything including death for their wants so listen to me carefully as I raise you as your parent.” 
He eyed her to see her frown before she got up walking towards him and reaching him barely reaching his waist by her height, took the mittens from his hand which he saw remained intact and watched her put them on. 
Barry spoke “Come along Greenlee let’s go inside and see about getting you some nourishment and something for you to wear.” 
He heard from Greenlee abruptly “Sure Uncle Barry, I’m hungry anyway.” 
He stared at her hearing her use the name Uncle Barry to him as she spoke “Tut explained some things to me and said that a Father/daughter relationship wouldn’t be brought by nasty people targeting you when their nosiness take control seeing us together and would do something bad immediately. He explained that seeing you as my Uncle and I your niece would get them to back off for now. Some of those bad people according to Tut will be busy occupied trying to find my parents once they find out about me.”
Barry frowned but mentally spoke loudly “Tut are you doing something if they think of yanking Greenlee from me for whatever reason even if it involves her abilities?”
He heard from Yerra in response “Tut’s busy working on that at the moment so those nasty people won’t take Greenlee till she’s old enough to take care of herself without your parental help once it’s obvious about that.”
Barry exhaled a breath to hear from Greenlee “You conversing with the Meritanians again Barry?”
He stared at her as she added “I can sense them talking to you but didn’t hear what was said.” 
He spoke “Oh just asking them for a favor due to giving you to me to raise so come with me while we get something to eat and drink then I’ll teach you what I’ve been doing around here and the world Egyptia too.”
He got a head bob from Greenlee as he without another word went to the entrance to the cabin and went inside which he shut the door behind her then added pointing at the dining table “Please help yourself to a chair while I get the nourishment out.” 
He saw her obey by her seated and went to the rocking chair yanking it back where he had it ignoring the envelope stuck to it and went to the kitchen putting his cane on the hook in the wall and limped to the refrigerated unit which he yanked out three bowls of food and placed them on the table. 
He spoke “We eat out of dishware we put food in and by utensils called by names of fork, spoon and knife.”
He saw her nod her head as Barry went to the cupboards and yanked out two bowls putting them on the table then went to another cupboard to pull out cups which he pulled out two and paused to see Greenlee peeking into a drawer cupboard which she looked at him and held up an object he recognized as scissors and a questioning look in her face. 
He spoke “That’s called scissors and is for cutting things such as clothes you have on your form and hair you have on your head.” 
He saw her frown to put the scissors back and shut the drawer before going back to the dining table to sit watching him. 
Barry went to the table and put the cups down and spoke “These are cups and what we drink out our liquid nourishment from.”
He ignored Greenlee to go to the refrigerator to pull out a jug of orange juice putting it on the table without spilling a drop due to that it was covered at the top and then went to a drawer to yank out two pairs each of utensils which he limped to the table and placed them down which he pointed to the fork telling her it was a fork and its purposes and did the same for the other utensils of knife and spoon before walking to another drawer to yank out hand cloth napkins which he took to the table and again instructed her on their use. 
Barry sat down with a loud groan and spoke “We might as well eat now so go ahead and help yourself for some food but leave some for me.” 
He watched as Greenlee got out a good helping of the food and poured herself some orange juice but didn’t overfill the cup. He helped himself of the food into his bowl and some orange juice into a cup and ate and drank while watching Greenlee eat the food in a fast motion telling him she was terribly hungry and saw her had a second helping of the food which she left parts of it in her bowl and stared at him questioningly. 
Barry spoke “Whatever you don’t eat in this home gets put back for another day of eating. It’s my policy to save nourishment around here for it’s a waste for throwing it out.” 
He watched as Greenlee dumped the contents of her bowl into the food bowls and then gulped down her orange juice drinking it all up before sitting back mitten hands on her lap while appearing to give off a burp motion but he didn’t hear the belch from her. Barry ate his food finding himself eating it fast and figured that the fast eating was from his long walk from his home territory to the construction site which he once done with the food gulped down the orange juice and felt himself full enough to not get a second helping. 
He exhaled a breath once done and spoke “Utensils and dishware get washed with special soap once their done in the sink using water for it.” 
He pointed a finger at the sink and added “Greenlee, I expect you to help me around here due to that I’m somewhat lame using the use of a cane to help me walk and will need help with the upkeep of my land and its contents.” 
He stared at Greenlee who spoke “Fine Uncle Barry but saw some guy that gave me the creeps arrive to here kicking the door open while holding some object that looked twin to the object sticking to a chair that moves you manipulated to someplace else.” 
He spoke “Thanks for telling me that but what did this guy look like to you? Can you tell me?”
Greenlee spoke “He was wearing some various plants colored clothing with some face having the same color with some round head Cowgirl said it was a hat with a stick on his back Cowgirl said it’s the one that gives off roaring noises when they aim it at her people. The guy went into the bushes out of sight but I could sense him standing there for lengthy till Cowboy chased him off which I sensed him climb something halting Cowboy’s charge and kept on running.”
Barry frowned hearing Greenlee’s words as he spoke “How did you sense this? I’m curious.” 
He heard from her “Oh it’s something the Meritanians told me not to say to you after they detected me doing it. Tut says that bad people would use me as a weapon if they find out about it and it doesn’t matter the source.” 
He exhaled a breath and without a word got up picking up the dishes used for food putting utensils in them while adding “See about putting the food back into the refrigerator but use the lower door for that. I have to see about getting these items washed and dried.” 
He took them to the kitchen’s sink hearing the refrigerator door open behind him which he glanced to see Greenlee putting away a bowl of food which he turned back to the sink and began washing the dishes and utensils putting them on the dish rack then once done exhaled a breath to find Greenlee staring at him with a frown on her face. 
He inhaled and spoke “Come along now.” 
Greenlee obeyed following him to the bedroom where there were three mattresses on the floor covered with blankets and pillows with dressers nearby and windows in the walls along with another door that led to the bathroom which had a door that went out to the kitchen. 
Barry once inside the bedroom pointed at a bed in the corner and spoke “This one is for you to sleep. The objects on it are called blankets for covering when cold and pillows for the head to sleep on. The door leads to the bathroom which also has a door out to the kitchen which is where the food holder called a refrigerator is.” 
He got a head bob from her and then went to the bathroom’s door gesturing her inside which he proceeded to teach her how to use the facilities for expelling waste and cleaning the body along with showing her the door leading to the kitchen which he followed her out into there. He frowned as she eyed the backdoor leading to another porch to his food garden that was also fenced keeping out gonoids from eating his food supply which he figured he might as well teach her about his gardening. Barry proceed to lead her out the back door to the gardens and gave her a lesson on gardening for growing foods along with what was needed for keeping gonoids out of his supply for him and her to have nourishment. He noticed her yawn as the sun became low in the sky dimming its rays which he brought her into the house locking the back door and got her into the bedroom onto a bed noticing that she was too tired to bathe by her looking very sleepily which he got her onto a bed and saw her appear to conk out from the looks of it. Barry frowned staring at her and without a sound left the bedroom to the living room and quietly shut the door going to a large candle on a dish on top of a desk and with a hand touching the wick willed the flame to spurt to life which brightened up the room. He went to the rocking chair with disgust taking hold and yanked off the envelope after a careful inspection of the seat making sure it wasn’t rigged. He opened the envelope hearing a faint beep sound but stiffened only to sense nothing happened but found two mechanical objects on the envelope’s lid and body which he figured was for someone to know if he opened it or not. Barry sat in the rocking chair and yanked out a serious of documents with no identifying letterhead on the papers. He read the documents with ranges of emotions running through him detailing that Crimson’s leader dubbed Charles publicity taking that name according to the documents had gotten word to the Duke via lawyer messenger at sunrise about Barry being mentally insane and should be locked up along with land and its contents taken away and was very persuasive on this but the Duke has at the moment balked on issuing the order or doing anything about it. He continued to read that various advisors of the Duke had overheard talked him out of doing that order along with his own family overheard debating the issue with the ruler which they haven’t come to a decision at the moment this document was formed. He frowned as he continued to read that there were people who suspected that Crimson and its leader was power mad and very greedy for various things due to dirty tactics done to people for awhile and no one took a stand against the company till Barry himself did it very bravely refusing to back down from the company’s threats. He frowned as the documents details that various people have banded together in secret using Barry himself as a figurehead a reason to take down the Crimson Company and have spies alert him of various things the company was thinking of doing to him just to spite the company and keep him alive. He continued to read detailing that he was to depose the papers by burning them in his fireplace due to that he was habitually known by Crimson for using paper for his fires and wanted him to keep up the deception. Barry came to the end of the documents and with a sigh got up from the rocking chair stuffing them into the envelope and carried it to the fireplace dumping it in and with a hand wave mentally ordered a fire to start which he saw a fire come to life and saw the fire eating away the envelope in a fast motion. He figured that the envelope and papers were made out of flammable material hence the fire’s fast eating as he watched it all burn to ashes and left the fire alone feeling himself cold which he went to the rocking chair and sat with a frown on his face. He eyed the bedroom door as if drawn to find Greenlee standing in the doorway with a frown on her face. 
Barry spoke “Greenlee?”
Greenlee spoke “You got anything I can wear after I give myself a cleaning?”
He exhaled a breath to recall the attic got up and went to the attic doorway followed by her and yanked it open showing stairs leading up off his left which he spoke “There’s boxes of clothes in there if you can find them. Excuse me for not going up with you but I have difficulty maneuvering those stairs and they wear me out too much going up and down them so off you go and mind the dust.” 
He watched Greenlee dart up them then went back to the rocking chair to sit eyes on the attic doorway with door left open. He listened to the sounds Greenlee made above him that sounded like thudding noises to him then frowned when the noises became louder like banging of his front door. 
Barry looked at his front door to see it jerking from banging sounds on it which he went to the attic doorway and yelled “Greenlee! Come down we got bad people trying to come into the house by force through the front door!”
He stood eyeing the front door seeing it again jerk with thudding noises coming from it as Greenlee’s bare hand was felt on his left hand. He frowned and kept his eyes on the front door as it banged open followed by four men army wear that kneel pointing guns at him which he noticed their eyes widen spotting Greenlee next to him but resumed glaring at him. Barry kept his mouth shut instead flared his eyes golden as a man wearing a suit he recognized as the Duke entered the house with some smirk on his face that turned to nervousness seeing him and Greenlee. 
He gave the Duke a glare who spoke sounding nervous “Excuse the intrusion Mister Barry. I’m Henry the Duke ruler of Megiddo. I had to see for myself what the fuss was about you as said by this company dubbed Crimson but overheard by people dubbed ‘Blood bath’.” 
He wordlessly kept his mouth shut sensing Greenlee’s hand off his hand and eyed her out of the corners of his eyes putting on her mittens and felt her hug him in a tight grip. 
He eyed the Duke who spoke “Who’s your little minor? I wasn’t notified of any offspring of yours or an adoption happening.” 
He heard from Tut abruptly “Barry, have her demonstrate her plant ability to the Duke and his men. They from mind scans will keep their mouths shut about it due to that one of them has a special ability they don’t want bad people to get a hold of.” 
He spoke as the Duke gave him a glare “Greenlee, show the Duke what’s special about you.” 
He felt her let go of him and watched her go to one of his old ratty pillows lying on the floor and saw her take her hand out of the mitten and touched it bare handed which he saw became a tumbleweed like plant then she went to him grabbing his hand with her bare hand and he shifted attention to stare at the Duke.  
He saw the Duke’s eyes narrowed along with hearing a throat clearing noise from one of the army men and ahem noise coming from one of them which the ruler shook his head in a no gesture along with shutting his eyes then opened them before speaking “Alright Mister Barry, I get the point your trying to tell me regarding your daughter.” 
He spoke as the Duke paused “I prefer the term niece to daughter. I feel like certain people will back off lengthy if I say the term niece to them which will be the opposite if I refer her as my daughter.”
He got from the Duke a head bob as the ruler spoke “I’ll see that everything legal is done making her yours, Barry.”
He kept his mouth shut as the Duke added “Crimson’s leader from what I heard about him seems to be a spoiled brat excuse for a full grown adult who doesn’t care about anything but his mysterious purposes whatever they are. No one has taken a stand against that brat before except for you doing it. I managed to get the nerve to announce to the public via communication transmissions that your land entirely was to be preserved as a national park along with the surrounding lands that Crimson tried to bribe me for while using tax payers’ money. Believe me I wasn’t fooled by that buyout scheme. The spoiled brat has people who disagree with his methods and purposes working in secret to stop him from his dirty tactics. They managed to inform me of what was going on involving the buyout payment backing up your words when you tried to tell me about it.”
He kept his mouth shut as the Duke gave up a chuckle sound before adding “The public’s reaction from my knowledge seemed to agree with my announcement of the national park. I suspect that their agreeing due to wanting to spite Crimson and their sick excuse of a leader whoever he is. Also the governors on other islands in my control have reportedly followed suit and declared untouched lands recently bought by Crimson to become national parks. I’m still awaiting Crimson’s response to this situation.” 
He heard a faint sound of a roaring noise frowned inwardly hearing it but dismissed it as the Duke continued talking “Be seeing you around Barry. Guards come along.” 
He bobbed his head as the Duke took leave followed by his guards backing out still aiming guns at him with one of them shutting the door with a slam. 
He exhaled a breath and heard from Greenlee unexpectedly “When I grow up I’ll teach Jinks a lesson on his uncaring ways.” 
Barry frowned hearing her words along with the word jinks spoke “Greenlee, shouldn’t you be in bed asleep? Its night time now and you should be doing sleeping.” 
He heard from her “I’ll do the same if you do it too.” 
He exhaled a breath and limped to the bedroom which inside he went to his mattress bed and laid his form down on it eyes staring at the ceiling as he sensed Greenlee had gone to her mattress bed and heard nothing more from the child. He exhaled a breath and shut his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep. 

Edenia frowned seeing the scene went dark to feel Lukinawa’s hand off her cheek as she opened her eyes and stared at the guardian looking bewildered. 
She spoke “It was unexpected that the focus would be on Bella’s guardian. Well there’s nothing I can do about that. I see what I’m needed to see.” 
She heard nothing from Lukinawa but sensed his female Malina was in distress woken up from her sleep and needing him there for the birth of offspring. 
She spoke “Lukinawa, your female needs you now. I sense her crying out for you.” 
She saw Lukinawa disappear in a flash of light and sensed Malina’s distress crying stop as she kept her senses cued to the female to find that she with the guardian’s coaching have managed to give birth to twins a male born first followed by a female. She frowned as she sensed herself needing to shut her eyes obeyed and saw clearly in her mind Barry raising Bella to a full grown woman with him testing her on various things to see if her plant ability would work or not. She smiled a small smile sensing that Lukinawa would be proud of the way his daughter had grown up to be and concentrated on the scene to discover it shifting to focus on a male with facial appearance of Lukinawa and his twin brother Lance seated while sipping from a cup in his hand and sensed the male was angry about something hence his urge to throw the cup felt along with throwing things around the room. Edenia continued to watch as the male got up walking towards a see through wall showing scenery outside that seemed unfamiliar and gulped the drink’s contents before walking away out of sight as the scene went dark. She frowned to sense Arena nearby and opened her eyes staring at the Dragon having an eye inches away from her face. 
She spoke “Must you do that Arena?" 
Edenia eyed Arena who shifted her head away followed by the Dragon speaking “There’s more to life here than simple daydreams Edenia. You should be keeping an eye on Lukinawa and his offspring due to the trouble happening to this Bella.”
Without a protest she got up and transported herself unseen to Lukinawa’s hut to peer inside seeing him looking happy while hugging Malina holding his two offspring which she figured she’ll keep an eye on for awhile. 

Guardian found Andreea paused from her talk to frown staring at her as she cleared her throat speaking "Robert you want something?"
He found Robert in the room who hobbled towards them both speaking "How's the story 'A Stranger's Fear' going anyway?"
He looked at Andreea questioningly to hear her speaking "Robert told me that he had a scary horseback ride in the jungle with dinosaurs. I wound up making up a story dubbed 'A Stranger's Fear' in the process. Daddy when he heard of me telling him the story claims that parts of it is true involving an ancestor of the family named Robert O'Neil who our big brother named himself after."
Guardian frowned forming it on his lips as Andreea added "Just listen to the story I'm telling from what I could get from our Father regarding Charles Crimson himself. I invented some parts of the story myself just to fill in the blanks using what I used from a previous story."
Guardian noticed Robert leaning against the cane spoke "You want my seat?"
He frowned as Robert shook his head and heard Andreea continue on her story ignoring his question.

The man known as Charles to the public as Crimson’s leader actual name Lance Richard dubbed Jinks which the nickname stuck among his servants who called him that along with the word Master, sat at his desk waiting with impatience running through him while glaring at the office’s doors. He felt his patience reached his limits as the doors banged open showing one of his guards entering the room with the familiar dark skinned female his secretary Miss Alberta who dubbed him Master despite other servants not doing it to him. 
He gave the guard a glare that walked up to him and held up a device while speaking “The recordings of the Duke’s words as ordered sir.”
He watched as the guard placed the voice recorder on his desk then stood waiting which he spoke “Dismissed guard so leave Miss Alberta stay.” 
He got his orders obeyed and eyed Miss Alberta that had her head bowed eyes staring at the floor as usual whenever she was alone with him. He exhaled a breath seeing her, the nanny of his two adoptive children, pouch children, his son, Nikolai and his daughter, Helena but was used for secretarial work only. That despite she giving him input on raising the children from time to time whether he liked the advice or not. He picked up the recorder and played the device contents and felt his mood become foul from hearing the Duke insult him while talking to some male identified as Barry who defied him when the male refused to back down from attempting to buy land he had his eye on and got awarded as a result. Jinks crunched the recorder once it was done playing its contents and crumbled up the thing in his hand. 
He heard from Miss Alberta “Master something I can do for you?”
He heard what he dubbed Monster roaring from within the contents of his mind an everlasting presence only held back by him willing it and brought forwards when he willed it to do so. 
He spoke loudly knowing that Miss Alberta and none of the servants would do that order no matter how he ordered it even when using threats for them to do it which they refused to budge from not doing that order “A face to face meeting with the Duke for insulting me with his words and for defying me.” 
He got nothing from Miss Alberta only to hear the familiar sound of knocking on the office door. He counted the knocks was in code and grimaced hearing it ended in four knocks figuring out that his children age ten years old were outside the office demanding to see their father, him, himself. He formed a frown as the door was opened followed by his son and daughter with smiles on their faces darted inside the room both giggling loudly while speaking the word Daddy repeatedly. He sighed and forced himself to get up from the desk and greeted his children meeting them and didn’t protest as they grabbed him in bear hugs while again giving off giggling noises and sounding happy to him. He gently rubbed the heads of his children to notice Miss Alberta eyeing him with a narrowed eyed glaring expression she always displayed to him whenever in presence of the children and sensed she expected him to do better in his treatment towards the kids despite being their nanny and having no say in their raising or life as ordered by him.  
Robert interrupted he heard clearing his throat and speaking "What about this Greenlee, Grampa claimed on recorders left for our Father and Auntie haunting him?"
He eyed Andreea who spoke firmly ignoring Robert's question continuing her story.

Jinks felt annoyance take hold hearing from one of his guards about some female adult going around the city telling people she overheard whining about him. She intends to teach him a lesson and had refused to say what the lesson was when asked or prodded and has refused to talk when threatened by spies loyal to him. 
He spoke “Did you take visual on this female?”
He glared at the guard who held up a large manila envelope and tossed it onto his desk while speaking “Pictures of what she looks like is there sir.” 
Jinks without a word picked up the envelope and opened it yanking out several pictures which he scanned and studied. He saw they were of a grown female adult with long black hair and green eyes seen with a pleasant expression on her face while wearing some raggedy clothing at a place identified as a farmer’s market that persisted despite his attempts to remove it from the city. The natives dubbed the city his headquarters was in, Seller town despite its actual name of Beach City. It's due to that people were known to sell their wares all over the city at various spots where people would buy from them despite his attempts to keep that from happening. He eyed the pictures with some strange feeling hitting him that made him feel hard within his sensitive part tossed aside the pictures and drank from his cup of synthetic alcohol for he was a former alcoholic. 
He eyed his guard standing there that had brought the pictures to him and spoke “Identify this female now.” 
He heard from the guard “Her name when asked is Greenlee Wood. Background checked out on her is that she’s claimed to be a niece of this Barry Wood said to be the daughter of his pouch brother Larry Wood. We know there’s no such person due to not finding anything related to that subject. Its suspected that she’s Barry’s own offspring he fathered through a female we’re still trying to find out who she is at the moment.”  
Jinks gave up a growling sound silencing the guard while recalling that Barry Wood was the male who defied him a year ago who’s defying act was made public mysteriously and caused others to follow suit doing defying acts against him along with attempts to bring down his company Crimson by acts of sabotage by spies and buyout attempts by people with large sums of money which he managed to prevail against that each time there was an attempt. 
Jinks spoke to his guard “Bring me this Greenlee now!”
He stood up and folded his arms glaring at the guard who gave a head bob and left the room followed by Miss Alberta without a dismissal from him. He felt his hair that remained brownish black and length the same shoulder length and his age and appearance remained the same a man at age thirty five despite people all around him growing up and growing old. He had accepted that he was forever going to keep his appearance despite others not doing the same around him. He sat down and leaned back in the office chair and grabbed his drink which he continued to sip his drink feeling himself satisfied with the latest order. 
He mentally thought to himself “Your mine, Greenlee. I will have you as mine and will do what it takes to have you belong to me.” 
He smiled one of his rare smiles not baring his teeth and sipped the drink eyes on the office door sensing that his latest order was going to be lengthy to take effect. 
He shrugged and mentally added “I don’t care. I’ll wait for as long as it takes to have you, Greenlee.” 
He got up and went to the window and stared at the city while still drinking from his drink and continued to smile feeling himself satisfied with what he was going to get. 

Miss Alberta spoke to the guard as the door to the Master’s office shut “I suggest you do that order period.” 
She got the guard looking at her as she added “I saw the look on his face when he saw the pictures which was the same look he saw his off springs’ mother which turned out to be some obsession he will not drop and will do what it takes to have it happen period.”
She cleared her throat then continued talking “It’s been too long for him to be without a female which I notice he’s been itching to have judging by the looks he gave me and other females around here. The Master is in need of a female and this one he’s interested in I sense will provide what he needs willingly due to overhearing talk among people saying that she has gone around saying that she will teach the Master a lesson when she overhears people complain about him and his treatment tactics towards people.”
Miss Alberta saw a frown on the guard’s face as she kept talking “Miss Greenlee is her name seemed firm when she spoke her words about the lesson teaching when I met her on the street one day doing an errand for the Master and complaining about the weather and him ordering me to do the job to some people she overheard me talking to. She didn’t seem to care that he would retaliate with deadly force if her words reached his ears. She firmly told me that she didn’t care about death as long as the Master she referred him as Jinks learned the lesson she wanted to teach him fully and its importance. She refused to say what lesson it was when I asked her.”
She got the guard still frowning further as she continued sensing them overheard by other guards lengthy “Miss Greenlee made it clear to me she’ll do what it takes to have a face to face meeting with the Master and teach him her lesson which she still refused to explain what it was. I suggest you go do that order now. Whatever lesson Miss Greenlee has, I hope it’ll teach him what he should be doing towards people.” 
She got a head bob from the guard who walked away going down the hallway which she sighed and went to the Master’s office door knocking on it twice and then stepped inside with head bowed as usual face averted to hide her emotions running on her face from him. She heard nothing from the Master to glance seeing him having back to her while staring out the window drinking from his regular drink a habit she was trying to get him to quit with no success in doing it. She frowned inwardly as he continued to drink ignoring her and sensed he was thinking about something due to not acknowledging her. She felt annoyance took hold changing to anger and without thinking walked up to the Master yanking him sideways who glared at her as she threw her fist into his jaw and found him hitting the ground unconscious. She proceeded to bring her hand onto the Master’s forehead as if compelled to do it and mentally began chanting in foreign language sounding odd to her but kept it up lengthy unknowingly of the time frame. 

Greenlee frowned walking in the city sensing herself followed and spied on by some malevolence force. She had a good sense to look behind her and spotted the three males with smirks wearing some uniform eyeing her with leers on their faces. She felt annoyance take hold as the males continued to follow her further in the city people unnoticing that despite she eyeing them with distress in her face and eyes. She sighed and figured to herself that coming to New Richard City was a bad idea due to her senses warning her earlier just as she left her home for traveling to there and felt regret doing it as she continued to walk sensing the malevolence force had quicken its pace and was suddenly behind her as she turned around and got surrounded by the three men. 
She frowned sensing herself nervous as one of them spoke sounding in a leer “The Master has ordered you to his presence. What he gets he has period.” 
She spoke “This Master who would he be hmm?”
She got in response one of the males grabbing her covered up arms and locking them behind her back and thrusting her in a direction instead of answering her question. 
She felt annoyance take hold only to hear from Tut abruptly “That Master their referring to is Crimson’s leader who you have been referring as Jinks to people. Just don’t let the servants know what I told you. Oh I have something in mind for him to learn a lesson for not accepting something he’s been in denial about hence his nasty behavior. Will tell you what it is later once he’s in your presence.”
She didn’t comment a response struggled in the male’s arm grips figuring out that it would make her seem unwillingly and make it seem she was kidnapped and opened her mouth to scream only to feel a gloved hand clamp over it along with one of her arms freed as she was thrust forced walked to a building she recognized belonging to Crimson due to its sign saying it on its front over the doorway. She continued to struggle as she was forced into the lobby into an elevator which her struggles to free herself went in vain. Greenlee felt annoyance take hold as the male continued to hold her arm in a tighter grip along with hand clamped over her mouth. She exhaled and inhaled through her nose feeling herself fine with her hands still gloved despite her plant ability and frowned wondering where they were taking her. She found herself taken to the brig that was at the near top of the building and seemed to resemble some subway platform from the looks of it along with thrust into a cell which she paced back and forth unknowingly of the time till she felt compelled to kneel which she obeyed and gasped seeing images flash in her mind which she concentrated on and saw that she was looking through a female point of view’s eyes onto a male lying on the ground unconscious and sensed herself in control of the female’s body and realized on what she should do to him mentally willed through the lesson she wanted him to learn. 

Jinks blinked his eyes from the hand yanking him sideways to see Miss Alberta who spoke “Cut drinking that alcohol it’s not proper.” 
He ignored her and shook her hand off and stood facing the window in his office ignoring Miss Alberta seemingly lengthy while sipping his drink till the doors banged open followed by a throat clearing noise of a guard. 
He spoke turning around to eye the guard with a glare “Report on news now.” 
The guard spoke “This Greenlee you wanted is currently in holding. We’re awaiting further orders on her.” 
He spoke “Fine I aim to see her in holding.” 
He put down the drink on his desk and went out of the office sensing his familiar two guards following and added sensing the secretary following as well “Dismissed secretary.” 
He sensed her stop following as he continued to walk towards the elevators taking one to the brig sensing himself getting excited which he refrained from showing it on his face. He felt impatience hitting him as the elevator went up reaching the near tops of the building and doors opened showing a hallway that resembled some kind of underground subway system as played to the prisoners to think they were underground instead of near the top of the building. He allowed a guard to lead the way till they reached a glass wall which he stopped and stared seeing the female Greenlee for the first time making him feeling more interested in mating with her. He eyed her hungrily as she paced in the cell back and forth along with glancing at his direction with eyes narrowed sensing she could sense his presence behind the glass watching her. He eyed her and stepped forwards getting the glass wall to slid aside leaving no barriers between them and stared at her as she stared at him back with eyes still narrowed but some look of recognition in them. He didn’t comment anything as she took off one of her gloves and stepped forwards towards him till she was inches away and brought the hand on his cheek which he shut his eyes from her touch pushing his face into her hand while feeling charges of something electrical hitting him that made him feel out of it then blackness. He came to finding himself lying on the floor a guard patting him on the cheek and one restraining Greenlee. He heard Greenlee gasp of shock but ignored it to feel himself getting harder his eyes aimed at her. 
Jinks jerked himself up to stand and stared at her and spoke “Bring her now to my quarters.” 
He walked away sensing the guards doing what he ordered bringing her along. He entered the elevator and saw that her bare hand was again covered by a glove while noticing her scrutinizing him up and down while still restrained by a guard out of the corners of his eyes. He felt the elevator went down seemingly lengthy taking him to his quarters that were on the bottom of the building deep underground made the way he liked it. Jinks felt the elevator stop followed by him walking out to his quarters’ door with his guards escorting along with forcing Greenlee to follow. 
He reached his quarters door brought a hand to the scanner and saw it slid open showing a cave and spoke “That’ll be all now come along Greenlee.” 
He turned around and gave her glare seeing her enter his quarters by a guard thrusting her into it with him following and heard the door behind slid shut locking them both inside. He sighed feeling the cool confines of the earth surrounding him and Greenlee to feel himself much better but still itching to mate which he pushed her to his bedroom by pushing her into a cave passageway himself getting more and more excited at the possibly of having her as his period. 
He once they reached the bedroom showing a mattress with blankets and pillows on top of it sitting on dirt ground spoke “Strip yourself of your clothes now.”
He folded his arms while giving her a glare despite feeling excitement hitting him along with hardness. 
He eyed Greenlee who turned around with some frown on her face and heard her speak voice tone sounding pleasant to him “I’ll do that if you do the same. I want to see you all of you.”
He unfolded his arms and loosened his tie yanking it off of him as he eyed her yanking off her scarf which she matched his movements of yanking off various clothing and shoes till they both were naked staring at each other scrutinizing. He eyed Greenlee’s body hungrily as she eyed him up and down not sparing his sensitive part till he walked forwards and pushed her backwards towards the bed she not resisting to it till he got her back on top of it and got himself on top of her feeling her legs part locking around his seat in a tight hold. He entered her sensing a barrier blocking his way and felt himself very happy knowing that he was her first and proceeded to break the barrier along with hearing her groan a soft groan that went silent. Jinks stilled himself still inside her eyeing Greenlee in the eyes seeing hers were shut with a frown on her face followed by them opening and meeting his eyes which he saw clearly in them the desire to mate. He proceeded to thrust in rhythm mating with her as she met his movements while feeling himself become more alive from being inside her along with feelings of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He with a jerk spilled himself inside Greenlee and felt himself still hard which he again did another round of mating holding her hips in place and did the ramming sensing her not protesting to it. Jinks collapsed once he again spilled himself inside Greenlee and with a sigh made a motion to pull out only to get her legs tightening their holds around him along with her hands on his cheeks which he eyed her in the eyes to see some glare in them. 
He stiffened seeing the look as she spoke “I have the ability to make plants from touching anything including changing people into them which isn’t taking affects onto you judging by my bare hands touching you.” 
He exhaled a breath at her admission continued to stare at Greenlee sensing she wasn’t kidding on what she said from his senses not blaring the familiar lie detecting sense. Jinks stared at Greenlee with a frown on his face as she rubbed his cheeks with her hands which he rolled his eyes shutting them feeling himself more interested in having her touching him then withdrawing. 
He sighed softly as he heard Greenlee speak “Now admit your talent, Jinks since I admitted mine.” 
He heard her speak his nickname felt himself fine with that along with her hands still touching him as he spoke “I feel a connection towards the earth along with some unexplained ability to not having my body age despite being older than my age looks. I’m quite old having outlived averaged life spans of Egyptians. I also have this ability to make my eyes become all black from a sinister presence I doubt Monster within my mind in control which alters my voice along with some abilities to take down people using mental orders and hand waves towards them. The abilities are so far to my discovery choking a person even to death even while causing paralysis anywhere on the person’s body and detecting lies spoken to me.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing nothing from Greenlee opened his eyes to see her eyes were more glaring as she spoke “Explain your behavior towards people and your company’s real purpose.” 
He stiffened from Greenlee’s words sensing her hold on him become ironclad and felt he wouldn’t be able to free himself without getting her further angry at him due to sensing himself wanting her as his on a permanent basis and doing what it takes to achieve that goal. 
He bowed his head shutting his eyes and spoke his words sensing himself hurt from them “Just actions of a spoiled brat spiting people even taking out angry moods onto people who defy the brat when he doesn’t get what he wants period.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing his words heard from her “And?”
He sensed she wanted the whole story from him spoke with pain in his voice heard “I lost myself in the process of being a spoiled brat and didn’t seem to care about people or treating them properly. I kept up this behavior due to not having much purpose in my life and was fueled by it. I didn’t listen to people trying to tell me to quit that behavior only did what I wanted period and didn’t seem to care that my wants hurt people in the process.”
He felt tiredness hitting him added “I’m just tired and weary of not having much to do to live to focus on.” 
Jinks felt her leg holds gone which he jerked open his eyes to stare at her who brought his head down towards hers and didn’t protest as her lips touched his which he rolled his eyes from the lips’ meeting and kissed her in response seemingly lengthy till she broke it off. He opened his eyes to stare at Greenlee in the eyes seeing he had said what she wanted him to say by her expression on her face and the kiss as his reward. 
He sighed softly and heard from her “Yes I’ll stay with you as yours on a permanent basis but there’s a price tag attached which I’ll let you know what it is once the time arrives.” 
He didn’t comment pulled out and laid his form on his back staring at the cave ceiling with a frown as he felt Greenlee lay her head on his chest along with her hand on his muscular abs gently rubbing and sensed her fallen asleep which he felt tiredness hitting him from not sleeping properly for awhile shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to finding her gone along with presence not felt to feel like what he had was a dream. He got up and hit his bathroom making sure he showered thoroughly then went to his clothes still lying on the floor folded along with a familiar piece of clothing him stiffening with shock recognizing as Greenlee’s scarf lying on top. He exhaled a breath and forced himself to put on his clothes and shoes along with picking up the scarf bringing it to his nose and inhaled her scent making him feel pleasant from the smell. 
He slung the scarf onto his bed and left his bedroom going to his quarters’ door to walk out and met a guard who spoke “Sir, this Greenlee of yours is currently at the hospital diagnosed with expecting offspring that is growing at a fast rate inside her. The hospital says that the birth will happen soon. Miss Greenlee just prior to fainting told me if she wound up hospitalized that you would be in her presence as proof of valuing her very strongly enough to keep your word of having her on a permanent basis.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing the guard’s words that stopped talking to stare at him which he spoke “Fine I aim to go to the hospital and see how Greenlee is doing and do what it takes to keep her.” 
He got a head bob from the guard who lead the way to the elevator which went up and stopped showing his garage room which he went to a car where a driver stood in front of it and got inside in the back and leaned back buckling up his seatbelt feeling the driver start the car and drive it out of the building. He absent mildly stared out the window of the car as it drove within the city. He leaned against the car door only to find himself lying on top of it on the ground and hearing a fire roaring sound behind him which he got up in a quick move sensing his driver didn’t make it out alive to his regret. Jinks eyed the crowd gathered around the scenery with a frown seeing they had ranges of emotions within them but sensed no hostility towards him. 
He walked up to one of them a male and spoke “Excuse me you know how I can get to the hospital? I was given word of my wife having a baby soon who expects me there.”
He frowned as the male stared at him then did a double take look before the man spoke “You’ll go by ambulance. They’ll arrive to check you out and I think they might request you to go to the hospital for further check ups by your bleeding on your forehead which can indicate a head injury that can be fatal if not checked out properly.” 
He didn’t comment a response to hear sirens sounding as the male added in a loud tone “Ah the emergency personal has arrived. Let them help you.” 
He stood with arms folded and felt himself dizzy shook his head along with rubbing his forehead feeling it leaking blood as hands were felt on his arms gently leading him which he didn’t protest to that and felt himself put on a bed and an oxygen mask strapped over the lower half of his face making him sleepy which he passed out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel a gloved hand gently rubbing his cheek which he jerked open his eyes to see Greenlee lying next to him on the bed wearing a hospital gown on her form with abdomen swollen and he felt himself wearing identical clothing on his form along with a bandage on his forehead felt which he saw her smile at him with eyes lightening up as she continued to rub his cheek. 
He sighed and mentally spoke “She’s worth it living for. I’ll do what it takes to keep her as my wife on a permanent basis along with raising any off springs she bores with the influence of the both of us. If it involves changing my behavior and points of views towards people and life then I’ll do it for I oath it period.” 
His senses blared telling him something but figured it was nothing as the senses stopped blaring as he eyed Greenlee to see a pained look come on her face along with her giving off groaning noises which he heard a familiar siren sounding loudly. He eyed her as medical personal arrived into the room and shifted her off the bed the both of them was on, onto another bed and wheeled her out of the room. He frowned as to what was going on figured that she was giving birth to his offspring and felt sleepy shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

The doctor stood staring at the male dubbed Jinks with recognition within him to realize that the man was Crimson’s leader Charles. He felt dread hitting him as Jinks’ son lying in a crib was wheeled into the room and felt himself stiffening further with the bad news he had to say to Jinks himself about the loss of his female dubbed Greenlee who’s heart mysteriously gave out during the birth and she passed away soon after her son was born. He frowned recalling she during the birthing process spoke to him “Tell Jinks that there’s more to life than me and that there’s a child that’ll need him to father period.”
He continued to stare at Jinks with dread hitting him feeling that the male’s reaction from knowing how spoiled the male was his reaction to the death would be violent of denials. He shrugged and with bravery reached out a hand touching Jinks on the shoulder gently shaking him awake. 

Jinks woke up feeling a hand shaking him on the shoulder to see a man standing next to his bed with some look in his eyes that made him feel something bad happened. 
He stared at the male the doctor who spoke “With regrets Mister Jinks that your wife has passed away soon after giving birth to your son.”
He stiffened hearing the doctor’s words feeling himself become dead inside as the male continued “Your son is healthy and fine as test results come out saying it.”
He continued to stare at the doctor feeling water dripping from his eyes abruptly as the male continued talking “Your wife just prior to passing away said to tell you that there’s more to life than her and that there’s a child that’ll need you to father him period. I’m sorry Mister Jinks to be the bearer of bad news.” 
He chanted out the word no as the doctor stopped talking which he sat up rocking his form back and forth while repeatedly chanting as water dripped from his eyes which he rubbed hands on his face refraining from touching his forehead despite the bandage there. Jinks cut his chanting and eye dripping as he heard a loud sound of distress making him stop the rocking and noises and as if drawn got up from the bed unstopped by the doctor and went to the sound reaching a crib and peered inside was a baby wearing white clothing consisted of a cap and blanket wrapped around him his son he saw was crying away. Jinks reached out his hands and lifted his son up cradling him in his arms and sensed the baby stop his noises to coo which he eyed to see he had green eyes he saw was his mother’s eyes and felt relief hitting him seeing that from him. He felt a hand on his shoulder felt himself stiffening from the touch only to recall fully his confession he spoke to Greenlee about him self’s behavior towards people forced himself to relax from the touch sensing it belonged to his full grown son Lance who’s face was similar to his despite the black spiky hair and tan skin of his mother who’s skin was dark colored. He exhaled a breath and inhaled as Lance he sensed pulled him with him not resisting to the bed and got him onto it leaning back which he adjusted his hold onto the baby putting him on his lap for him to see him whenever he glanced down. 
He leaned back to feel Lance’s hand on his shoulder and heard from his son “Doctor did Greenlee say anything about naming the offspring regardless of gender?”
He listened hard to hear from the doctor “She was said to be thinking of naming him by the name of Robert after it was obvious she was carrying a male. We’re still testing her on why she passed away after boring the offspring which the tests are pointing towards natural causes and the results have refused to indicate anything else than that.” 
He didn’t comment a response to hear from the baby Robert he assumed he’ll call him give off a wail that his senses told him that he was hungry and wanted to take in nourishment. 
He spoke out loudly over Robert’s crying “My son’s hungry, please get him something he can take in as nourishment.” 
He raised his head to frown as the doctor he eyed went to a box in the wall and opened it hearing hiss of air coming from it and took out a baby bottle seeing rows of baby bottles inside it and went to him handing it to him. He recalled how his grown children Lance and Lizette were fed as babies lifted Robert up and gently stuck the bottle’s nipple into his son’s mouth sensing him sucking along with seeing the milk substance get lower and lower within the bottle. He eyed Robert who drank half the contents before giving off squirms which he removed the bottle and placed it down on the bed and adjusted his son to burp him from memory of nurses doing it to his children as babies. He heard Robert give off a burp sound then adjusted his hold on his son putting him on his lap and leaned his head back shutting his eyes feeling Lance’s hold remain on his shoulder as he felt himself needing to sleep passed out unconscious to come to hearing Robert’s hungry wail which he proceeded to give to the rest of the bottle’s contents who took it all up along with squirming once done which he removed the bottle and burped his son. 
He sighed feeling himself having a purpose which was raising his son Robert himself to hear from Lance “Spill it Dad, who’s the mother of me and my sister?”
With regret hitting him he opened his eyes and eyed Lance as he spoke in a firm tone “Miss Alberta is your mother and Lizette’s as well. Yes she did have influence in how to raise the both of you despite not acknowledged as your mother to you. She was very firm on her influence and how you both should be raised which I deferred to her letting her have her way due to giving me what I wanted which was you and your sister.” 
Jinks sighed and frowns eyeing Lance whose facial expression remained the same followed by his son speaking “You confirmed something I suspected from Miss Alberta herself due to noticing my sister’s facial looks was twin to hers despite the both of us being twins.” 
He formed a frown on his face eyeing Lance who stopped talking and gave him a glaring stare while shifting eyes from Robert to him back and forth with some look indicating that his son wanted an explanation on something. 
He sighed loudly and spoke “Alright Greenlee managed to get me to admit how spoiled bratty my ways was towards people and getting things done to my wants. Anyway I figured out that it’s not proper for Robert to not have his parent taking care of him despite balking on doing it to you and your sister. Also taking care of Robert gives me a new purpose in what I need to do in life towards treating people and my wants’ priorities has changed due to raising your brother by myself.”
He exhaled a breath eyeing Lance who nodded his head but the look on his son’s face remained glaring as the male looked away to bow his head. He didn’t comment a response as he eyed Robert sleeping peacefully on his lap sensing his son was content to be sleeping on him which he shut his eyes and came to finding himself in his office seated while seeing a crib in his eyesight holding a bundled form in it. He exhaled a breath feeling himself fine sitting in his office with Robert his son sleeping in the crib nearby as he waited for the new secretary to come from memory of ordering for one flashing in his mind. He recalled he at the urging of Lance went to Miss Alberta’s home in the city and met her other children who were born before his twins were and went to her bedroom to sit next to her bed silently holding her hand sensing she was dying and there was nothing he could do about it. He recalling eyed a sleeping Miss Alberta and with a frown gently brought the hand to his lips kissing it and then gently placed it back on the bed and left to his home in the city to Robert there who he was told cried the entire time he was gone from him. He sighed recalling being told of some group dubbed Protectors have led protests outside the building on his company about harming the environment which he frowned asking for a detailed report on his company and its businesses which he was given on laptop computer. He read the detailed report fully with various points of views to realize nothing was said about harming the environment till he asked a guard about this and was told that Lance and Lizette got the company to do something else years ago and its been doing that and that the Protectors group was blowing useless steam due to them not realizing that Crimson wasn’t really harming the environment when spies point blank range told them of the company change.  He recalling forced himself to tell the guard to keep the group and members out of the building and do what it takes to keep it happen for he suspected that the group would do something bad. He got assurances that the guards were adequate which he frowned from the remembering to hear the familiar door knocking twice followed by female wearing black clothing entering the room with looks of Miss Alberta but sensed she wasn’t a family member. He eyed her to hear Robert’s crying wail got up and went to his son watched by the female who did a double take look which he picked up from the crib and heard his son’s familiar hungry cry went to a fridge to yank out a bottle. He ignored the new secretary watching him as he fed his son and once done burp him and continued to hold him sensing he wanted that. 
Jinks went to sit down and spoke to the secretary “You want to tell me is the public still seeing me as a spoiled brat despite some changes around here and in my company?”
He frowned as the female did a double take look and put down her briefcase to stare at him in the eyes and spoke “I was sent to shoot you with a gun weapon in my briefcase as ordered by the group Protectors’ leader sir.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing her admission formed a frown on his face and spoke “Admission duly noted Miss uh? Not told your name anyway. Plus do you still want the job or not? I can look elsewhere.” 
He heard from her “The name is Claudette, sir and yes I’ll take the job due to that you proved what wasn’t expected as by the Protectors’ leader said about you. I can help you handle the group and their leader who’s appearing to be a spoiled brat himself considering he’s my oldest male offspring and has been acting similar to your known behavior.” 
He spoke sensing Robert had fallen asleep in his arms “Alright Miss Claudette but please remind me that I shouldn’t be a spoiled brat and that I have a son named Robert who I’m currently raising should be reason why I shouldn’t do that behavior along with making sure he doesn’t do it either.” 
He got from Miss Claudette “I agree for spoiling a child is not proper sir which is what my husband before the divorce did to my son and now he’s set in being a spoiled brat which I’m hoping the both of us can teach him that its not proper period.” 
He spoke “You have my agreement Miss Claudette.” 
He watched as she got up and left the room then blinked his eyes finding himself leaning against the window with sadness hitting him to frown to think that he was actually in one of his trance dreams again from himself jumping from place to place like having one of them before. He exhaled a breath and figured that he’ll ride the dream out. Jinks stood leaning against the window feeling like using his fists on anything but refrained himself as he recalled fully in his mind as if put there his son Robert age ten flashing in his mind of a boy child at that age wearing raggedy clothing that looked like it was made out of animal skins making him confused of the appearance. He continued to recall as if the memory put there that Robert had turned up missing unexpectedly wandering away from Miss Claudette while in the city she very upset for not noticing and that word was out according to her that the Protectors group had him and was insisting on his father to publicity show himself as in identifying the Crimson company’s mysterious leader. He felt himself upset with that demand for he didn’t want publicity to hear the familiar three knocks on the door announcing visitor which he remained where he was leaning against the window to hear a tap of a cane coming nearer and nearer then paused. He continued to lean feeling himself helpless with not getting Robert back due to that Miss Claudette had managed to tell him that the group kicked her out recently due to thinking she was spying on them and she told him it was due to an argument with her son who was still the leader and still spoiled as usual. 
Jinks raised a fist and aimed it at the glass only to get it gripped in a hand’s ironclad grip which he forced himself to look away staring with a frown at a male with golden eyes looking familiar who spoke “Never thought we’ll meet face to face as father finally meets his son for the first time.” 
He stiffened hearing that as the male with cane stopped flaring golden eyes and added “I admit it I raised Greenlee your son’s mother teaching her what she should know about this planetary world Egyptia including her fears about it she was forced to get over. I did the same with my fears now you should do the same as well, Jinks.” 
He eyed the male with recognition fully hitting him to see that he was Barry Wood the male identified as the one who defied him which he felt no anger towards him who added “It won’t be bad once the news breaks out that your Crimson’s leader. I asked around the city about you who some say that you’re the perfect example of being a leader due to seeing you around with your son and treating the natives proper way they wanted. I used their answers to ask the natives if you turned out to be Crimson’s leader what would be their reaction to that be which they have said that your turnaround status from spoiled brat to someone generous would teach others being in similar positions an example of being a leader which I suspect would embarrass the Protectors group very badly. Their leader is known to be like a spoiled brat due to claims that it was what the Crimson company’s leader was doing which your coming out will prove that other wise.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth to feel Barry pull him away from the window which he didn’t protest as he was led out of his office to the elevator that went down to the lobby and yanked out. 
He stood with a frown on his face as Barry hugged him abruptly which he accepted and heard the male speaking in a whisper tone “It’ll be alright Jinks. Everything will turn out alright your pain will stop once you acknowledge it.”  
He frowned at Barry’s words to feel Barry stopped hugging him as he walked out of the lobby to face the crowd of reporters there which he walked up to the microphones and spoke loudly “I admit it I’m Crimson’s leader the former spoiled brat who had everything I wanted till it took the loss of my wife to teach me a lesson that spoiled bratty behavior isn’t going to get me anything proper from people or my wants.”
He heard gasps sounds as he added “My son who I’m currently single parenting gave me a purpose in life to see the world with different eyes instead of being a spoiled brat. I raised him mostly by myself doing all that requirements it takes to raise him due to that I owe it to his mother to do the job. I oath to her, his mother, my wife after awhile of raising Robert my son as a baby that I would change my ways from being spoiled brat to someone else enough to treat people better and accept that I can’t always get what I want. I aim to keep this oath so don’t make me break it due to that I owe it to my son who I’m currently raising to learn how to properly do things and can’t have him become a spoiled brat.” 
Jinks paused as if drawn to notice a figure in the crowd but eyed the male looking familiar that appeared to be an Egyptian with his face in a glare and his hair looks and wearing shiny clothing and a golden crown on his head which he stiffened seeing the male and looked away grimacing of recognition running through him. He looked to sense people getting out of the way as a familiar figure came running towards him which he saw was Robert his mind identifying him looking freaked out and without a word kneeled and grabbed his son in a hug once the boy reached him. He felt tears flowing as his son hugged him and with great strength lifted Robert up clinging to him along with standing and carried him inside the building into the elevator which he sighed feeling the thing going down to his quarters which stopped at a familiar floor showing his door and he walked out still holding his son and got him inside his quarters into the living room which was another version of bedroom and laid them both down on the bed still clinging to each other sensing Robert had fallen asleep as he rubbed his son’s brown haired head in a soothing motion. He smiled to himself feeling satisfied having his son with him. 
He sighed loudly and thought to himself “I might as well ask Barry about a favor of where to take a vacation somewhere private with my son accompanying me to there and see about relaxing for seven days’ time.” 
He shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep which he obeyed to the feeling only to come to feeling himself seated in something hard while wearing shorts and a T-shirt on his form while leaning back hearing splashing sounds. He jerked open his eyes to see that he was lounged on a wooden chair on an unfamiliar beach of a lake his mind told him belonging to Barry and nearby he eyed Robert learning how to swim by Barry teaching him while both were in the lake. He sighed feeling the shorts and t-shirt on his form as he leaned back against the chair and continued to watch his father teach his son how to swim seeing Robert easily getting it the swimming motions and was swimming around with Barry appearing to give out encouragements. Then the scene went dark which he came to jerking open his eyes finding himself still clad in his clothes lying on a mattress hearing a child’s voice scream of terror that sounded familiar to him which he sat up looking around the room hearing the noises stop abruptly. He stiffened finding Robert not in the room with a mattress empty and saw Barry lying on one asleep from the looks of it. Jinks got up with start and felt drawn to leave the cabin which he obeyed going outside to witness the sunrise and his eyes focused on the water as if drawn to see a small figure lying on top of it floating with form still, looking bloody and bruised which he screamed in terror recognizing the person as his son Robert looking dead to him by the open eyes. He quickly darted towards the water and grabbed his son lifting him up and yanked him out going to the beach and kneeled while holding Robert in his hands as he chanted words him not paying attention to it over and over. He stiffened as the scene changed to show a cliff he was standing on eyeing the sun rising and felt himself wearing odd smooth clothing of a dress like top with leggings felt on his legs a belt around his waist and something like a thin flat at length object poking him from it and felt something on top of his head that felt like a crown. He frowned as he heard the word Daddy spoken off his right and looked to spot a young ten year old boy child wearing some tan dress on his form that looked like gonoid skins to him his mind identified him as his son Robert who stood next to him then hugged him abruptly which he rubbed a hand on top of his head. 
He sighed as the boy let go of him and heard from behind him a male voice speaking sounding familiar “Lance a pressing matter that needs you immediately.” 
He turned around and walked away leaving his son standing at the cliff edge and met a familiar male his mind recognizing him as Barry wearing some gonoid skin clothing of a top and pants with a wooden cane in his hand that pointed the wooden stick in a direction and the male spoke “Take a look and tell us if its serious or not.” 
He looked in the direction across the forest valley to spot on the mountain in view was multiple plumes of smoke spewing from the ground and sighed speaking “An eater mountain is going to form from it.” 
He felt the earth rumbled abruptly and heard his son scream in terror as he looked to see Robert slip off balanced from the vibrations off the cliff wall falling over the edge. 
He screamed out “No!”
Jinks as Lance Richard darted towards the edge peering over it held back by Barry having hand on his shoulder to stare with horror his son lying still among the rocks at the bottom with a bloody bruised look and sensed that he was dead as the earth stopped its rumbling. He shrugged off Barry’s hand off his shoulder and stepped back from the cliff edge throwing his head up as an attempt to travel underground only to feel his attempts blocked which he sensed a giant rock was blocking his way that formed the cliff top. He felt himself panicking went to the edge and climbed down in a rush feeling his hand holds holding firm along with slipping and sliding as he reached the bottom. He darted towards Robert to sense that he was dead from the fall off the cliff and kneeled lifting his son up cradling him to his arms while having tears spilling from his eyes as he rocked his form while chanting out words he repeated over and over unaware of what it was and not paying attention to it till he stopped his movements and words chanting to kneel staring at the cliff wall and felt anger take hold. 
He spoke out loud “I’ll destroy you for this. I don’t care how for I’ll do it till you’re completely destroyed for you’ll pay for taking what I valued and I’ll do what it takes to achieve that goal period this I oath period.”
He sensed Barry suddenly behind him overhearing his words ignored the male as he got up and carried his son walking through the jungle with the male hobbling behind him seemingly lengthy till he reached a cave in a mountain bottom edge feeling heat coming from it along with smoke which he walked inside. He continued to walk ignoring Barry following him, the heat and smoke making his breathing hard till he reached the end of the cave that showed a cliff and peered through to see an eater river flowing slowly underground the mountain from the looks of it. 
He held up his son’s dead body and spoke out loud “Hear me Greenlee Goddess of Nature you took my son killing him. I will see that you will pay for the death by destroying what you value which is nature itself and will see that it ceases to exist and will do what it takes to do it. Here’s my son’s dead body as my offering to my oath.”
He dropped Robert into the eater river and watched as it devoured his son’s dead body by consuming it with fire leaving nothing left then waved a hand fisted then turned around to spot Barry standing there watching him with some look of disapproval on his face. 
Jinks spoke “You can’t stop me this time Barry like you have always done as before.”
He heard nothing from Barry but the same look on the male’s face as he sensed the earth below was soft enough for traveling as he sensed that part of it was holding on by a threaded part of the earth. 
He mentally ordered the earth to cover Barry’s feet who looked down with and looked at him with an annoyed expression on his face as Barry spoke in a firm compelling voice tone “You will remember this when the hand of Greenlee the Goddess of Nature touches you and you will pay the consequences of her punishment if you destroy what’s dear to her.” 
He spoke “I don’t think so Barry for Greenlee is nothing but a myth for I am real and she is not. I doubt your words will come true anyway.” 
He got a golden eyed glare from Barry who glared at him as he walked passed the male further into the cave and turned around mentally ordering the cliff to give away seeing it happen taking the male down with it down towards the eater river. 
He smiled a smirk as he turned around hearing no cries of pain and figured that the eater river consumed Barry and walked away walking out of the cave out of the mountain to stand staring at the forests of trees which he mentally thought to himself “Perhaps its time I lived as a native instead of on this island for it brought me nothing but pain of my son’s death and the forced death of Barry.”
He walked away further into the jungle and reached the cliff where his son fell off to his death. He undid his belt buckle showing a sword in scabbard laying it onto the ground then took off his crown putting it down on the ground along with his clothes and slipper shoes till he was naked and left the items piled on the cliff edge. He sighed and mentally called for Lifesaver the manoid sized hawk bird he heard the natives dub it which it came landing on the cliff next to him. 
He mentally spoke to Lifesaver sensing it was a female “You will transport me to the Egyptians’ nearest city civilization and drop me among the people and fly away.” 
He stood as the gonoid hopped up onto his shoulders which he gripped the claws digging into him and felt himself lifted up flying in the air leaving the island going over the ocean seemingly lengthy by sun positions till sunset he saw eater fires on the horizon and the bird flew him towards it he saw a large island appear into view surrounded by various islands in view as he was flew towards it to feel himself dropped among the jungle of trees which he landed onto them then slid off a tree onto the ground to sit leaning back panting of breath hard. 
He sighed as the bushes rumbled showing Egyptians wearing some plant colored clothing with objects in their hands pointed at him he raising his hands up in a surrender gesture while on the ground and stared at them all males to hear one speak he getting it the words “Signal the Master that his dream is reality and that a heir has been found.” 
Jinks recalled through the trance dream brought out of the forest to a vehicle where he was given clothes to wear and then brought to a helicopter which he went inside. He continued to remember the helicopter took him over land that looked like it was made out of shiny material he later learned was buildings and brought out of the flying vehicle once landing on top of one of them and brought inside via stairwell to an office room. Jinks continued to recall meeting the Master an old sick man calling himself Charles Crimson leader of a company group named Crimson who on the last days of his life taught him how to run the Crimson company and do what it takes to see that the company achieved its goals which he obeyed listening to the teaching very well till Charles passed away seven days later after falling in some can’t be waken sleep. He recalled finding an earth wall in the basement of the building and ordered his quarters to be dug out of it a process that took standard Egyptian three months due to engineers saying that they had to restructure the building’s feet just to make room for his home which happened as ordered along with not sparing various items in it to make it like an apartment surrounded by earth walls. Jinks felt the earth on his bare back abruptly as the feeling of the trance dream stopped which he jerked open his eyes looking around and sighed finding himself lying on the dirt ground of his quarters and frowned feeling himself naked of clothing which he made a motion to sit up only to feel something like ivy vines wrap themselves around his arms and ankles pining him to the ground as a foot feeling bare was placed on top of his chest which he eyed the foot following it showing a green dress and kept on following it up to show a feminine form and reached the female’s face which he stiffened with shock recognizing her as Greenlee Wood having a look of anger on her face and figured from her dress that she was really Greenlee Goddess of Nature. 
He gulped as she narrowed her green eyes and folded her arms while bending down removing her foot, towards him and he heard a loud demanding feminine voice sound within his mind as her eyes narrowed and widened back and forth “You thought I was a myth didn't you Lance Richard as said to my servant, Barry your Father?"
He gulped hearing her words refrained from thinking anything as her voice continued sounding in his mind “Ah, a pity that your guards and people submitted to me and my demands once I revealed myself to them after putting you in a dream sleep. Oh your Father who you thought threw into an eater mountain survived the throwing with the help of other getting him out of the situation."
He stiffened hearing her words referring to Barry as she kept talking “It was your Father who found what you gave up in a pathetic attempt to destroy my domain and kept it with him while searching for you."
He saw her look away jerking her head towards him to see Barry come into view with a golden eyed glare on the male’s face who held up a familiar object in his hand he stiffening recognizing as his crown he wore as Lance Richard. 
He eyed Greenlee with a frown as she pointed a finger aimed at him and felt something like a plant on his back pushing him up into a sitting position and spoke “This doesn’t change anything, Greenlee. You took what I valued the most by murdering my son causing his death by making that earthquake from some eater river forming underneath a mountain that was the sign of an eater mountain forming which caused Robert to fall off a cliff and hit the rocky ground that killed him. You’ll pay for this Greenlee. I don’t give a care for I aim to see that you pay-“
Jinks felt himself interrupted by a plant covering his mouth and a plant ivy vine around his head keeping his jaw shut which he struggled against the plants holding him while glaring at Greenlee who ignored him to stare at Barry seeing the male looking at her back. He mentally willed the Monster through recalling he called it Source and recalled his powers involving it. He mentally ordered his body to charge of electricity and heard a loud gasp from Greenlee looking in his direction with a glare on her face as the plants on him fell off which he placed hands on the ground in a fast move to feel them covered with plants and kept up the charging to feel the plants get off only to resume covering them. He mentally ordered the ground to cover the feet of Barry and Greenlee seeing his order not obeying by plants forming around their feet in response as he willed away the charging as if compelled to do it. He grunted a nonsense sound as the plants resumed their holds onto him keeping him in a sitting up position locked in place. He glared at Greenlee who glared at him back but didn’t hear anything from her mentally. He felt a plant’s ivy vine get around his neck and began to choke him as he gagged for air feeling the vine get tighter and tighter. He began to panic moving his mouth in form of words while mentally thinking them not paying attention to them to suddenly feel the plant around his neck gone and he coughed gulping air while mentally still thinking his words along with moving his mouth. 
Jinks heard himself speaking suddenly understanding what he was saying like he realized he always said whenever he was suffering pain said in a chant over and over “Father, Mother help me, I hurt.”
He gasped halting his chatter to feel the familiar feeling of the crown back onto his head and rolled his eyes jerking his form from the pain hitting him all over while again repeating his familiar words of “Father, Mother help me, I hurt.” 
He kept up his words even felt like clothes growing onto his form from coming from his spine in his back and then felt the pain stop as he felt himself completely as Lance Richard again with the clothes back on his form covering his nakedness. He shut his eyes while breathing hard through his mouth to feel the plants remove themselves and felt himself gripped into a hug by a masculine form felt making him satisfied from that gesture. 
Jinks sighed loudly feeling the masculine form as Barry from his senses cued to the male who wrapped arms around him and heard him speaking “I’m sorry I failed you, Jinks. Even wasn’t there when you needed me for your pain despite you crying for me to comfort you.” 
He didn’t comment a response kept his eyes shut to smile a small smile feeling his head on Barry’s shoulder as Barry kept his arms around him which made him feel much better from that to feel like sleeping. 
He heard a loud feminine demanding voice sound in his mind “You will open your eyes now, Lance Richard.” 
He obeyed to frowned seeing Greenlee kneeling in his eyesight with a look on her face that suggested she was happy about something that made him stiffen. 
He stared at Greenlee who blared in his mind “Appears Barry gets it my lesson I was trying to teach him. It's regarding his treatment towards you as his son. You holding the title of Lance Richard. It doesn't change you innerly but outwardly period which he now gets."
He didn’t comment a response as Greenlee kept up the happy look which felt himself smiling to her facial expression did it and heard from her “You have accepted what I was teaching you and the punishment has been lifted. Remember when you're in pain count on your Father Barry to help you and you to do the same to him. Instead of you both taking your pain out on me and my domain. Such as tearing nature apart by machines you order done and Barry burning it by eaters. It's for both of you to create things. This taking out behavior stops now period. I expect the both of you to use each other for pain solutions from now on period." 
He bobbed his head sensing Barry agree from the feel of it and saw Greenlee’s hand reach towards him which he keep his hands to himself and felt it touch him on the cheek he pushing his face into it and shutting his eyes to come to finding himself lying on metal floor feeling a hand patting him on the cheek while sensing himself not wearing the Lance Richard clothing or crown on his head but sensed that they were within him ready to be put forwards by the Source heard roaring within him. 
He jerked open his eyes discovering himself wearing his normal Crimson wear clothing and heard from a guard “He’s coming around. Keep your hold on that female as tight as you can. She should know better than to punch him in the jaw which knocked him out unconscious for a bit.” 
He eyed the guard with a confused expression on his face who stopped patting his cheek and helped him to stand which he frowned seeing himself in his office with two guards holding Miss Alberta looking angry by the expression on her face. 
He got up and stared at her as she averted her eyes bowing her head to stare at the floor hiding her facial expression. 
Jinks spoke “Report on what happened now.” 
He heard from a guard “This woman was caught on recorders punching you in the face appearing to knock you out unconscious which the recorders after that went out and we managed to get into the office to find her using some pity me tone that she was angry about something and didn’t meant to punch you but she didn’t sound like she meant it when she did that pleading.”
Jinks spoke “Miss Alberta, what do you have to say about this hmm?”
He heard from her “Nothing but I’m sorry about it.”
He heard the tone that suggested that she wasn’t really sorry spoke recalling something “My children the twins despite their ages of eleven years old have expressed certain fondness towards you, Miss Alberta due to not having a mother in their life. Please do not make me order you permanently out of their life due to that it’ll disappoint the kids who like you too much.” 
He felt himself shocked with what he said as Miss Alberta looked up and stared at him with a similar look on her face which he added recalling what he was doing before she punched him “Who’s this Greenlee I keep remembering ordering her to be brought to me?’
He heard from a guard “She’s a loudmouth female who’s been trashing you to the natives and you ordered her brought to you who she’s in the holding at the moment. There are pictures of her on the desk sir.” 
He gave up an Hmph sound and went to the desk picking up the pictures to see that the Greenlee he dreamed was twin to the Greenlee he saw in the photos. He exhaled a breath sensing nothing within his sensitive part hitting him as before as he placed the papers down on the desk and went to stand in front of Miss Alberta he noticed while glancing at her from the photos kept looking at him with some look in her eyes he recognized what it was. He eyed her restrained by the guards, arms behind her back and stared at her looking her up and down seeing she agreed to him ogling her to notice that her dress despite being in black was skin tight at the top area along with some cleavage seen. 
He spoke recalling her first name was Janel “Spill it Janel, you punched me because you wanted me for yourself instead of me going to mate with someone else as obviously seen from me.”
Jinks narrowed his eyes to see Miss Alberta’s eyes had some sexual hungry look in them which he added “Guards release her but stay to keep her from doing any more fisting.” 
He saw his guards obey to that as he unfolded his arms and stared at Miss Alberta who walked up to him and placed hands on his cheeks and kissed him on the lips his hands going to her back pushing her form as close to him as he dared. He felt Miss Alberta, Janel he assumed he’ll call her not resists to the pushing instead edged her form close to his despite his hands’ manipulating.
He kept up the kissing to feel Janel break it off and she he heard spoke “You can have this Greenlee on one condition that I quit serving you and the twins you speak about get raised entirely by me and my family alone with you only giving out monetary support period.” 
He opened his eyes exhaling a breath through his mouth to see she was serious by the expression on her face to sense an edge in her voice tone which he spoke “This Greenlee what did she say she would teach me a lesson on?”
He eyed Janel who’s eyes glowed green then turned brown followed by her shutting her eyes and appearing to faint in his arms which he held her up and handed her to a guard while speaking “Get her checked out to a hospital now.” 
He saw the guard leave carrying her as one of the remaining guards spoke “We caught your secretary’s voice on recorder speaking something related to some Goddess of Nature in some religious theme to inhibit her and give you a dream on learning some things she wanted you to learn after the visual went out after she punched you sir.”
He exhaled a breath hearing that spoke “I want to see Greenlee so lead me to her now.” 
He got salutes from his guards who led him out to the brig he saw was the same as before and got led to a cell showing a familiar male he recognized as Barry Wood inside flaring golden eyes instead of his regular brown ones who spoke in foreign language in a compelling voice tone followed by feeling himself compelled to step forwards towards the cell which he obeyed finding the glass partition slid open to face the male.  
Jinks eyed Barry with a frown as the male spoke Greek language “With due respects, Greenlee has already been claimed by someone who saw her worthy as his mate and had her put in his possession and no its not me but someone who’s in the Duke’s family who now has her as his wife and mother of his offspring.” 
He groaned softly hearing that as Barry stepped forwards walking up to him to place a hand on his shoulder after halting his walk which he kept the touch recalling the male was his father. 
Barry he stared at spoke “You already claimed a female as yours Jinks who’s the mother of your children. Don’t dump her for another due that she’s exactly what you needed in a female anyway. Besides she loves you regardless of your flaws and likes you enough to flaunt herself to you just to claim you as hers.”
He sighed softly hearing that as Barry gently rubbed his shoulder followed by releasing his hold and added speaking in foreign language in a compelling voice tone which he found himself in his quarters in his bedroom staring at Miss Alberta, Janel lying in his bed asleep and she was shaking her head while jerking open her eyes and looking around the room with a frown. 
He stared at Janel who looked at him and she spoke “How I longed for this moment, Jinks.” 
He sighed and without a word stripped himself of his clothes and shoes as she did the same till they were both naked. He laid his form on top of Janel feeling her legs lock around him which he entered her thrusting in rhythm feeling himself the familiar feelings of pleasure hitting him from last time he mated with her that produced the twins. He spilled himself inside her and still felt hard again mated with her not protesting to it and then with a loud sigh kissed her on the lips. Jinks broke it off and pulled out to lay his form down on the bed pulling the blankets up to cover their nakedness which he sighed and felt sleepy shut his eyes to come to feeling a hand patting him on the cheek abruptly. He jerked open his eyes finding himself still clad in his Crimson leader clothes while seated in a chair leaning back to find his guard standing over him patting him on the cheek. 
He eyed the guard who spoke “Miss Alberta was caught punching you on the cheek and tossed into holding as a result of that. Oh this Greenlee is currently in holding in another cell too.” 
He spoke “Anything else to add?”
He eyed the guard who shook his head and he spoke “Leave me alone for awhile now.” 
He saw the guard obey shutting the door and he got up from the chair to kneel rocking his form while crying tears speaking “Make the dreams stop. Stop it now. Make it stop. I’ll do anything for this to stop so please make it stop now.”
He felt the Monster roaring from within him abruptly as he cut his talking and rocking to feel his tears stop as he got up from the floor and went to the synthetic alcohol to pour himself a cup full in a glass cup and raised it shaking to his lips forcing himself to sip it slowly feeling the Monster willed through as if compelled. 
He heard a male voice sound in his mind “This is Tut speaking, you would do anything like you said to make the dreams stop hmm?”
He groaned softly recognizing the Meritanian from his days as Lance Richard as he mentally spoke “Just hope the price isn’t something I can’t pay.” 
He heard from Tut “Oh don’t worry the price is worth paying it. Excuse me while I go fix the problem.”
Jinks heard nothing more from Tut went to sit down and groaned loudly. 

Greenlee opened her eyes as Tut’s voice sounded in her mind “Got him in a bargain he’ll have to pay. Nice trick Greenlee in doing that dream scenario stunt onto him. Ooh he’s not going to like the price tag I have aimed at him which is having him give up the Crimson Company and become Lance Richard again due to that Egyptia needs him period.” 
She mentally spoke “Who’ll take his place in the Crimson Company anyway?”
She heard from Tut “Who else but Barry himself will take his place as leader of the Crimson Company. It's due to that he’s more knowledgeable about the company and how to make it become nice to people. Besides he needs to live among civilization due to his health is getting to the point that he can’t live off land anymore. Oh his former home and lands will go to you due to that you’re his heir. As for Crimson, this Jinks adopted a pair of pouch siblings, a brother and sister, through a female. The siblings' nanny wants them to learn to respect nature and not be so bratty like their father. She’ll get her wish and that the siblings will once old enough take over from Barry to run the company. Ooh broadcasted this to Jinks and he’s furious to hear it. Well too bad Jinks you said anything to avoid the dreams so Greenlee resume your trick oh you want to agree to the bargain fine I see that you agree and will do it.” 
She frowned finding herself out of the cell kneeling on the ground in the city. She heard nothing more from Tut sighed and figured that she’ll get herself home and see what she could do there. She got up and began walking in the city feeling herself happy with what happened to Jinks-
Guardian interrupted "It explains why Charles got himself drunk from his mind giving him too much information and threw himself out of the window-"
He was interrupted "No so."
Guardian found Nikolai in the room that spoke "Charles Crimson is actually Lance Richard himself that lives in the sea in Isle of Forbidden at the moment."
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Nikolai added "Charles became Lance Richard and has been living as that deity in question for awhile now. Whatever he does on his Isle of Forbidden I'm not sure."
Guardian heard from Andreea speaking "Well Victor here told me a wild story of Lance Richard trying to kill him when he was on the Isle of Forbidden transported to there via the Meritanians."
He gulped seeing Nikolai's eyes turn all black looking to get from Nikolai speaking his creepy voice tone "Lance Richard oath to me during a visit to tell the truth of what happened to him that he wouldn't kill anyone living on his islands. He oath that he would only kill visitors attempting to get onto his islands in question. Lance Richard refused to back down from his forbidding visitors to his islands threat. I have taken that threat very well enough to keep the restless natives of Egyptia from visiting period. I have used the islands' vicinity areas for military exercises for Egyptians' nations' Navy to practice war games. It's just a threat to enforce Lance Richard's no visitor policy."
Guardian eyed Nikolai who had a cup of orange liquid in his hand and sipped it in front of him which he looked away to stare at Andreea with a frown giving her a glare.
Andreea he glared at looked at her laptop and spoke "I have something typed down on Lance Richard's point of view after he was returned to his Isle of Forbidden."
He kept the glare as he heard "Just tell the story anyway. I don't think Victor has heard it."
Guardian sighed hearing Robert to eye Andreea typing onto her laptop followed by her speaking he listening.

"Jinks lay on the ground back on one of the thirteen islands that made up his home territory. He dubbed by the name of Caribbean. He ruled as deity lord Lance Richard Lord of the Underworld ruler of the earth and gonoids. He felt from senses blaring about it underground in his familiar home cave while feeling himself still wearing his Crimson clothes as transported to there by the Meritanians. He mentally sensed Lance Richard from within him demanding to come forwards. Obeyed to the feeling to feel himself back as that deity lord completely with the clothes, shoes, crown on the head and sword weapon held in a scabbard by belt around his waist. He sighed feeling himself sad knowing that he’ll be alone as ever while living traveling from island to island by three ways which were transportation by Meritanians, gonoids carrying him and underground methods."
Guardian found Andreea looking at Nikolai and adding "That's about it regarding Lance Richard's point of view. Anything you want to add?"
He shifted to eye Nikolai finding Robert seated on the counter with arms folded a glare at their Father. 
Nikolai spoke in response showing Egyptian blue eyes "Sorry I'm not a liberty to say what else happened. Lance Richard told me to keep my trap shut. He has secrets he doesn't care for Egyptians to find out anyway. I oath him as his vessel I would be silent about them."
Guardian heard from Andreea speaking "Anyway here's the story 'A Stranger's Fear' I typed. You want to hear of it?"
He frowned as Nikolai spoke in response "Just tell Victor the story anyway."
Guardian found her obeying to listen.

Guardian sighed once Andreea finished the story. 
He focused onto Andreea as if drawn to find her speaking "Daddy listen to the wild story Victor told me regarding his life as named as Guard Beers."
He sighed again and eyed Nikolai who spoke "I have all the time in the world to listen. I like your stories, Andreea. So tell me what Victor said."
Guardian groaned and didn't protest as Andreea proceeded to tell their Father the tale he told her. He found she managed to type everything verbatim and was repeating it via the laptop computer.

Epilogue

Herod got into the car relieved to be free from his prison only to smell gas got out of the vehicle as it exploded in an eater fire. He felt pain hitting the back of his head grunted to find himself passing out unconscious. 
Herod came to finding himself seated on a throne chair hearing himself speaking "I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you with my scale on your life."
He found Egypt floating next to him as he spoke "Begin the judgment."
Herod found a metal gated arch float into view showing a male he recognized as Victor speaking to a female he saw was to his disgust the Queen who was typing away on a laptop. He continued to watch as Victor spoke his story seemingly lengthy he listening.

The TV monitor showed Victor telling his story regarding the Guardian of Life and Death went back to showing clouds. Egypt floated next to the Guardian of Life and Death sat in his throne chair. He sensed, she saw, he wasn't alone to find her floating next to him with her wings flapping. She gave him a glare in response. 
The Guardian of Life and Death spoke "What are you angry about this time, Egypt?"
Egypt in response spoke "Herod."
She heard him speak "Don't mention that name to me again. Herod is dead light extinguished. I'm now the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge with my scale on your people's life."
Egypt rolled her eyes in response seeing Herod didn't get her message. 
She recalled fully to herself "The Guardian of Life and Death isn't a position for my people to hold but me getting them worthy to live again actually. I have to get the current Guardian of Life and Death, Herod to acknowledge my message including trying to get him to live again before the All Seeing One's deadline of that passes. Ugh. Here we go again my battle to keep my people living alive in Egyptia despite the All Seeing One, Ra calling them home. Argh."
Egypt didn't comment a response to sensing the All Seeing One watching with a clock ticking sounds heard she groaned in response. She sighed and focused onto the battle of saving Herod's life from having light extinguished.

The End?
