Guardian of Life and Death 
Book One: Importance
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Part One: Learning

Guardian peered out the pilot's window to spot a deserted street as his senses blared warning unexpectedly. He saw the pilot slumping over as if dead. 
He found the helicopter exploding in fire all around him. 

"I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you with my scale on your life."

He heard the words while sleeping that repeated within his mind over and over. He heard the familiar yowling noise groaned and rolled over while in bed. Guardian woke up from slumber from his sleep to hear his gonoid pet the bat cat dubbed Batty howling in his cage again. He got up shaking his black shoulder length hair out of his face. It was plastered to the side of his face due to the heat the previous night. 
Guardian seeing it was daylight from the window with the blinds glowing of sunlight got up from bed. He went to Batty howling away to throw a blanket over the cage that was sitting on the floor. He heard silence from the gonoid and figured that the sunlight was bothering him. 
He went out of the bedroom to the middle of the floor of the three roomed apartment's middle room. It was between the rooms used for kitchen and bedroom. It led to the bathroom that had a door entrance in the wall with a window to outside. 
He grunted out an annoyed sound to again find a round brown bumpy ball sitting on the floor. He felt annoyance take hold seeing the ball on the floor. It was from recognizing that the Spider Queen aka female spider gonoid hiding somewhere in the apartment building had deposited an egg again. He had to deposit through his eater aka fireplace in the middle room's wall. This was just to keep spiders from coming out of the egg and overrunning his home and the home of the other inhabitants in the building. He picked up the egg and threw it in his eater. He wound up waving a hand seeing the eater lit up by the motion and then went out once the egg was fully consumed. 
Guardian went in the middle of the room to sit down in a perfect split. He did his stretching exercises keeping himself limber. That along with swinging himself up with an acrobatic move to do combative art called Karate. He learned karate from the Egyptians living on this world of Egyptia. They had taught him as a youngster when he was being raised by a deaf woman named Verona. 
He grimaced thinking to himself "I wound up recalling my Mother raiser had an ability to flare golden eyes whenever she was angry at me. She during her life raising me habitually called me Guardian instead of any other name." 
He kept the grimace to recall "The Guardian name was kept up by my Mother raiser. That despite my attempts to use other names over the years she raised me." 
He frowned recalling "My Mother raiser passed away in some car accident. It was due to some drunk driver driving the wrong way on the highway road crashed his car into her car. I felt annoyed recalling that other cars' drivers claiming of easily avoiding the drunkard's car which killed her instantly." 
Guardian frowned recalling "Bloody Hades! The drunkard some male named Budge odd name was identified as the driver that crashed his car into my Mother raiser's car. Bloody Hades may my Mother raiser rest her soul.
I recalled Budge wound up using some insanity defense during the court trial to get away with the murder. The court by three judges deciding his fate wound up agreed with the claim and issued him to take psychiatric counseling for one year instead of going to jail." 
He fumed during his Karate to recall "Budge wound up found drowned in the bottom of a lake soon after the court case was over wearing some kind of chain on his ankles attached to a concrete block. I call it suicide despite the police were keeping the case open instead of my attempts to close it over the cycles. 
That was due to saying various ridiculous claims of murder to my face on keeping the case open. 
I recalled that the police soon after Budge's death kept a habit of picking onto me as in spying onto me. This spying was still ongoing at the moment whenever I traveled outside in public in the town of Cairo." 
Guardian finished his Karate's Kata and shook his head of the memory forming a disgusted expression on his face. He went into the bathroom peeling off his shorts to shower. 
He in the shower thought to himself "I recalled fully on meeting Sally Lyons an old female. She's my neighbor that lived in the basement apartment of the four family house, I was currently living in. My residence was the attic which I had to take two flights of ten stairs each to go up to my apartment and down back to outside. 
Sally I recalled seemed to treat me with kindness. She was the one who taught me various hand motions' uses for manipulating eater places. I finding myself compelled to learn her teaching.
I recalling that Ms. Lyons was the one who warned me of the Spider Queen a spider gonoid she dubbed by that name was hiding in the building. Spider Queen according to Ms. Lyons was having various eggs that needed to be deposited each time they were found, just to avoid a plague of spiders overrunning the building." 
He sighed during the shower to recall "Ms. Lyons telling me that the Spider Queen couldn't help herself with the egg depositing. It was due to instincts controlling her to do it. There were times when eggs weren't fertilized by a male spider and that the eggs were ok to be thrown in the dumpster outside." 
He continued to recall "Ms. Lyons added that the Spider Queen since taking residence in the building hasn't complained to her or the natives of them depositing her eggs. Due to complaints to her that someone tried to poison her out of a house which Ms. Lyons found her and gave her sanctuary in the apartment building. This talk included along with telling her that her eggs will be deposited as payment for sanctuary of living in the building." 
He showered thoroughly as he could using lukewarm water while shaking his head of the thought. That it was summer time and he didn't want to get too hot from the heat. It would overwhelm his three room apartment forcing him to spend time outside on the lawn. 
Mostly reading a book thrust at him from a neighbor while in the shade of another neighbor's one room apartment house underneath the awning. 
Guardian frowned thinking to himself "I wound up remembering meeting the neighbor of the one room apartment house. The neighbor was appearing to be a teenage girl. 
She had at meeting said 'I'm at the age of nineteen.'
That despite she looking younger than that about sixteen. 
She also had said 'The name is Kendra.'
I found that she had wound up refusing to give up a last name despite expecting her to do it. 
She told me at meetings 'I'm a confessed bookaholic. I love to read books. I don't care what people say for reading is good for people to do.'"
"Kendra whatever her name and age" he thought while scrubbing "Was always thrusting me books to read whenever I was sitting underneath her awning to keep cool. She kept catching me trying to hide from her around the apartment building to keep cool. I kept recalling that Kendra seemed to have some sense cued towards me. It involved always finding me and wherever I was hiding around the building and its grounds."
Guardian gave up a disgust sound and finished his shower and got out to dry himself. 
He recalled "Kendra moved into the one room apartment soon after I met Ms. Lyons who introduced them. Ms Lyons wound up introducing her and I to the other neighbors in the building. 
The neighbors were always pulling some friendly act towards Ms. Lyons. They sort of kept to themselves around me and refusing to do any friendly behavior towards me, Bloody Hades to them."
He left the bathroom and got into underwear a pair of shorts and a tank top.
Guardian wound up recalling "The heat is going to be blasting today from listening to the radio talking about the weather. It was focused on the southern hemisphere island continent nation of Mahalia including the current city area of Cairo where I'm living at the moment." 
He sighed and went into the kitchen leaving his bedroom to prepare a meal of some food only to find an egg lying on the floor to his annoyance. He felt annoyed seeing it as always picked it up. Guardian felt no movement from inside the egg which he sensed it wasn't fertilized of spiders instead just a dead egg. 
He walked to the front door to yank it open along with keeping the door open by a heavy vase of fake flowers. 
Guardian recalling to his disgust "Ms. Lyons keeps on giving me various junk for my apartment I don't care for. Including the vase of fake flowers I don't want or care for. I keep the junk out of obligation towards her. She habitually manages to get up the stairs to pester me about the junk and what I was doing with it, Bloody Hades to her."
He saw the window at the top of the stairs was open and threw out the egg "I figuring out that the gonoids outside would make a meal of that thing." 
Guardian left the door open as he walked inside and got breakfast ready. It was always habitually of chicken eggs bought from the local grocery store walking distance from the house. He cooked them on the stove next to the door. 
He ate them from the pan once they were fully cooked due to not having much dishes to eat out of.
That despite thinking to himself "Why is Ms. Lyons giving me this feminine junk involving jewelry and vases of fake flowers on it instead of dishes for using to eat my meals out of? Blast her for purposely stealing my dishes or items from my apartment for me to survive on and I forced to use what I can."
He grimaced recalling "Her thievery of my dishes and personal hygiene stuff left me with not much. Such as I having only having four cups for drinking for me and three people." 
Guardian once done eating washed the pan thoroughly along with the fork then put them away. He gulped some milk from the carton in his refrigerator then he picked up his sneaker shoes and put them on without his socks out of habit along with grabbing his keys. 
Guardian removed the vase shutting the door and left the apartment locking the door. He wound up letting it slam shut with a bang despite feeling his mood bad. He put the keys on his waistband by hook and keychain then walked down the stairs heading outside towards Kendra's apartment. Guardian arrived to find her door open which he spotted her at the dumpster throwing out Spider Queen's egg from the looks of it. 
He sighed and thought "I figured that she found the egg I tossed out the window hence she throwing it in the dumpster." 
He went to sit in a lawn chair underneath the awning and waited as Kendra came up to him.
She he heard speaking "Hmph Georgette must be desperate to avoid the heat. Hence she having her eggs outside." 
He sighed again "I recalling that Kendra once told of the Spider Queen in my presence by Ms. Lyons with the same old story. 
Kendra has always referred the gonoid as Georgette period. That despite Ms. Lyons' repeated corrections including by the other neighbors to her who were ignored in response." 
Guardian didn't comment a response to Kendra's talk instead just sat in the chair and thumped an elbow onto the chair's arm while thrusting the fist onto his face. He wound up forming a disgusted expression on his face.
Kendra added to his disgust, ignoring his look and behavior as usual "Ms. Lyons will be along soon. It's once it's obvious that the heat is too much for her to stay in her apartment. I believe I have a book for you, Guard." 
He sighed and thought to himself as Kendra went inside her apartment "Ugh better not be another romance novel involving the nation of Brittany. 
It's a fictionists story during the time of the Mahalia nation's continent island was discovered. I don't like being reminded of how terrible the Brittany natives treated the original manoid natives in Mahalia. That before declaring the continent underneath their Queen monarchy rule for a hundred cycles. 
Then some rebellion group got formed followed by a revolutionary war and then the result of that the Mahalia natives won. That got the Brittany nation's rule kicked out. 
Now the continent nation dubbed Mahalia is independently ruling itself with their own monarchy ruler titled King. 
It's always King as always for passed down to males have been ruling us in peace for now." 
He stopped his thinking as Kendra came out carrying a book and tossed it to him. 
He eyed the book to read the cover to his shock mentally thinking "Why is it was on cat care?!"
He frowned wondering "Why is she was giving me this ridiculous book? That despite I having a hybrid cat bat as a pet kept caged in my apartment. 
The pet Batty as he was called was only let out during the night to hunt for rodents and bugs while fluttering outside. I keeping hold by a leash due to that Batty was having some blindness and trouble telling which direction it was going while hunting. His behavior has indicated on him being blind enough to get lost and start banging into the house and into parked cars and not sparing the trees." 
Guardian frowned eyeing Kendra after giving the book a quick scan, who spoke "I have someone I like you to meet so excuse me while I go get her." 
He frowned further as Kendra went inside the apartment and noticed the screen door firmly shut. He refrained from peering inside to see her come out carrying a white cat with yellow eyes. The cat he saw was appeared to have a leash on by collar that was sniffing the air firmly and looking comfortable being held in her arms. 
He eyed the cat warily as Kendra spoke "This is Whitney my cat. I recently adopted from the pound. The pound was going to put her down due to her staying there too long from apparent blindness which is speak for no sight in her eyes." 
He gave a head bob in response towards Kendra who added "Hold up your hand towards her nose so she can sniff your scent." 
He obeyed finding Whitney seemed curious by the smell of his hand before some car alarm blared making the cat thrust her face onto Kendra's neck. Whitney he saw wound up appeared to be scared of the noises. 
He sighed to look with annoyance at a car in the lot that just arrived and already parked. He saw the driver was already out of it rooting around in the trunk. Guardian recognized the driver as a female wearing medical scrub uniform on her form as a nurse who worked a night shift at the local hospital. It was as told to him who gave up the name of Trudy omitting the last name and lived in the apartment below his. 
He thought to himself "I haven't heard any complaints from her on how noisy Batty was during the day while caged. That including along with no complaints of the Spider Queen habitually depositing eggs in her apartment like the gonoid kept doing in my apartment and the others as well." 
Guardian made his mind blank in response to eyed Trudy's seat highlighted by the pants of scrubs while she was bent into the trunk. He eyed her who pulled out a bag appearing to be her backpack and took it out slamming the trunk loudly with a bang sound. Guardian grimaced from the noises forced himself to look down pretending to read the book as he kept an eye onto Trudy. He sensed Kendra gone from his presence with Whitney gone from noticing them both not in sight. 
Guardian continued to eye Trudy as he thought "I felt like I like her enough to be into her despite she repeatedly turning my efforts to date her squashed."
He saw Trudy jogged by him not looking in his direction instead darted inside. 
He sighed "Bloody Hades, I figured out that Trudy is really exhausted and wanted to get some sleep before her next shift time arrived. That explains her running inside instead of giving me the giggles for me sensed staring at her and forming a smirking smiley look on her face whenever I eyed her." 
He shifted to eye Kendra's apartment door lengthy while holding the book on cat care. Guardian saw Kendra come out of her apartment holding a book in hand having a cat on its picture and a bookmark stuck in it with a glare on her face. 
He heard from her "That's twice Trudy ignored my request to keep the car alarm off. Its scaring Whitney whenever she's outside. I have to bring Whitney outside for bathroom use. She's still confused on the litter box being her bathroom. That despite I keep on having to try over and over to introduce it to her repeatedly." 
Guardian spoke "Kendra-"
He was interrupted "Actually read that book, Guard, on cat care. I need the neighbors' help on knowing what to do to help me with caring for Whitney. It's in case I'm medically unable to be home caring for her. 
Trudy has claimed to me that she has a cat in her apartment. That has been a claim to me despite not showing that fuzzy to me whenever I request her to do it. She keeps on claiming that her cat is too shy around strangers. 
Hmph I think it's speak to avoid reading the book on cat care. I've been trying to push onto her to read."
Kendra he saw went to sit down after giving off a loud harrumph sound.
Guardian spoke "I currently have a pet myself." 
He frowned as Kendra looked at him. 
She spoke in response "Yah I know what pet it is. Some cat bat hybrid that Ms. Lyons told me that you inherited from some police officer. He happened to be a family friend of yours who was some kind of Father figure to you actually." 
He sighed from hearing that spoke as Kendra gave him a glare "Yah it's what you said but I call my pet Batty. I haven't figured out what his original name was. 
The family friend and others around him not saying the actual name to me despite asked. Besides Batty habitually wakes me up in the morning as some kind of alarm clock and keeps up that wake up whenever I’m sleeping too much. He's better than an alarm clock anyway. 
Trudy has been whining to me of hearing my alarm clock going off while she's sleeping during the day in her apartment. Trudy hasn't complained of Batty being noisy. He's rather loud to me. I’m surprised that she's not complaining of his noises. 
I don't get it anyway." 
He shrugged as Kendra spoke "Actually gonoid noises are easily to tolerate whenever sleeping. It's how noisy it gets at night with those crickets chirping all over the place that sets Whitney off howling. I've gotten used to that noises after awhile of ignoring it. 
Whitney has managed to stop her howling at the moment. 
Those crickets are still chirping from time to time. They stop chirping whenever some stranger is wandering around the lawn and grounds. I know someone is visiting at night period. 
I know this because I've seen some people wandering outside the lawn underneath Luna's light from time to time whenever I peer through the window blinds."
Guardian frowned hearing Kendra's words as she added "Some of those strangers have rang my doorbell by accident. They thinking Ms. Lyons lives here which is usually people claiming to be friends with her and wanting to check up on her. I have to direct them to her apartment. They appearing to act not smart enough to know where it is, Hmph."
He sighed hearing Kendra's words to think to himself "I recall Ms. Lyons had told me 'I have a private business on the side involving my psychic cards. It involved reading them to people wishing to know their money fortunes. This readings bit usually happened after they suddenly acquire a large amount of money and doing what it takes to keep the money intact in their possession. That despite me charging outrageous prices for the readings so keep your mouth shut on that.'"
He sighed again as Kendra ignored his noises and went to read her book appearing to be engrossed into it. Guardian frowned to look at the cat book.
He wound up thinking "I recall Ms. Lyons told me 'I tried to introduce the psychic card ability to Kendra. It was due to sensing that she had some similar power abilities I sensed from you. 
Only to find out that the teenager was using her psychic powers for exorcisms of spirits of the dead inhibiting people and kicking them out of body possessions. Kendra was called by the local priests and police department to do that job. 
Ms. Lyons later told me 'The local priests and police department were the ones who paid Kendra money for living at the apartment and getting needed items for it.'" 
He opened the book and began to read it finding himself familiar with some of the cat care. It was from caring for Batty who used a litter box whenever contained in his cage. Including whenever he was whining to be fed including let out of the cage for some attention. 
He finished the book to feel the heat hitting at the moment. He looked around to find Ms. Lyons sitting in a lawn chair next to him. She holding a book in her hands that appeared to be some religious Bible from the looks of it. He has always seen her reading from time to time and nothing else. 
He sighed seeing her instead of being surprised that she snuck up onto him reading to get into the chair without him hearing her. He found Kendra gone from her chair and spotted her on the lawn holding a leash with Whitney attached sniffing the ground not looking blind to him but appearing to see. 
The cat from the looks of her was appearing to be more interested in sniffing the ground than expelling waste despite hearing from Kendra "Whitney, quit the sniffing and go you stinking cat!" 
Guardian put down the cat book on the table next to him in disgust to give off the noise. 
Guardian heard from Ms. Lyons abruptly "Whitney is partially a dog actually that despite having an appearance of a cat. I told Kendra that who's ignoring my advice as usual. This including whenever I bring up the subject of her pet to her. 
Oh she wasn't lying about Trudy having a cat. Trudy does have a cat herself. That cat named Matilda can't be let outside due to a claimed hearing loss. 
Trudy isn't kidding on Matilda being shy around people visiting the apartment. Matilda always hides herself underneath Trudy's bed whenever I stopped by to check on her at night time. 
It's whenever Trudy is out working as usual. 
Poor Kendra doesn't seem to get it that Trudy doesn't trust teenagers to be in Matilda's presence. Matilda was once reportedly heavy traumatized by abuse by a teenager according to Trudy. 
She has her mind made up that she thinks that the cat will be abused again hence she keeping Kendra away from her."
Guardian frowned to eye Ms. Lyons who looked at him and added "Besides Kendra is a bit spoiled at the moment. Only listening to what she wants to hear period. 
She doesn't seem to take authority figures very well. She tolerates the authority only whenever they ask her to do an exorcism. 
They pay her with items she requests to have for her apartment instead of giving her money for her to purchase them instead. They don't trust her to get greedy with money issues. Instead have only given her various items they think she needs for the apartment hence she acquiring Whitney in the first place. 
Poor Kendra whether she's listening to this or not doesn't seem to care much around her. I believe that Whitney will be a good lesson on getting her to care for someone enough to start listening to people whenever they attempt to get her to listen to them." 
Guardian frowned forming it on his lips as Ms. Lyons gave up a sigh sound and continued talking "Besides those authority people have taken advantage of her exorcism powers aka psychic abilities to get people not really possessed but acting wrongly to behave properly. I've seen from various sessions to figure that out. 
They insisted that I come along as her legal guardian and escort. I have viewed various sessions from time to time and seen some of it. 
Just involves people behaving badly other than possession with her acting as an authority figure under their commands to get them to behave. 
They pay her with various junk in response. Like they dumping Whitney onto her due to that the pound was going to put her down for to staying there for too long. 
Also I heard that people weren't willing to adopt a hybrid of a cat dog due to some status involving flaunting oneself to the public.
So talk on what you experience with Kendra now."
Guardian spoke as Ms. Lyons gave him a glare "Actually my experience with Kendra only involves her thrusting various books. Some inappropriate to my taste for me to read whenever she catches me sitting here. It's from how hot it is in my apartment. 
I refused to get an air conditioner anyway. That that thing keeps shorting out after I hook it up in the window every time. Mechanics have claimed to find nothing wrong with the air conditioner every time I get them to check it out. 
Besides Batty from what I've learned from raising him seems to like the heat and hates the cold period. I don't know how Batty can withstand the heat of my apartment. The heat involves whenever it's too hot for me to be in there and too hot for a living being to be in there. He has seemed to indicate that the heat no matter how hot it is, is fine with him period." 
He frowned as Ms. Lyons spoke after he paused "Well Kendra is inside her apartment at the moment and will be inside with the air conditioner for awhile. It's hot. I'm feeling the heat which I don't mind the heat anyway. It helps to warm me up from being always cold as usual." 
Guardian spoke "Excuse me for changing the subject. Kendra has appeared to have some like of relationship feelings towards me. Hence she always thrusting books on romance at me to read. 
The books' theme always involves the time of the Brittany nation finding the Mahalia nation's island continent. The theme includes the Brittany natives doing various bad things to make the natives submit to their ruler a Queen monarchy. It's a subject I hate reading despite always telling her that." 
He eyed Ms. Lyons who sighed loudly and spoke "Kendra currently has an interest on some male who's an authority figure. He's currently married to some female another authority figure who's figured out that interests. She has used her husband to get Kendra to do things as commanded whenever it involves her powers or not. 
Kendra unfortunately doesn't seem to get it that she's taken advantage of. I suspect that interests in that male is going away. The female he's married to is reportedly expecting their first child. She has been very manipulative in getting him to do various things for her while keeping him busy away from that poor teenager. 
I think she's getting an interests in someone else from the way she behaves around this guy. I assure you its not you she's love struck on."
Guardian frowned as Ms. Lyons put the book down on her lap and continued talking "I believe those romance novels she thrusts onto you is her up to playing tricks again. It's her trickery way of trying to get you to find a female to be paired to."
Guardian groaned softly as Ms. Lyons kept talking ignoring his grimace forming on his face "She has reportedly gotten several single males paired up to females after some manipulating was done. This stunt was mostly via trickery. Some of those relationships don't always work out after such manipulating happened. 
Kendra has gotten it to her head that single males should be paired with females period. From the way I've seen her manipulating males to pair up to females including doing that to authority figures and whoever is in her presence. 
I think she's up to her own tricks again involving you as well."
Guardian gave up an Hmph sound as Ms. Lyons gave up a head bob before continuing "Those books you've been given are books that don't do well among the public. Enough to be considered trash hence they dumped from being bought at bookstores into reuse shops. It's how Kendra acquired them. 
There's a reuse shop dubbed Valley Thrift unsure of the name, down the road opposite direction of Quickmart grocery store that Kendra frequents for buying books. That after she is paid some fixed money sum each month. 
She does like to read books. She doesn't have any way of getting to the nearest bookstore in another town to buy books. 
Her requests for own vehicle transportation have been balked repeatedly. The balking has been by various people using various excuses to her. The excuses used are all themed that the exorcism drains her enough to cause her to not function well whenever she drives. 
Also those people have balked on giving her various expensive stuff whenever she requests something that seems expensive. They want her to live independently enough to get them herself. 
I heard that they want her to learn how to earn her own fortune enough to improve her own lifestyle. She hasn't been doing yet despite their attempts to get her into local colleges to learn a trade. This including to get a job and do something other than doing exorcisms which she's currently interested in doing than doing anything else at the moment." 
Guardian spoke as Ms. Lyons paused "Sounds like she's copying me in my opinion. 
I don't have a job or have expressed any interests in going to a local college to learn a trade to her. Or seemed interested in improving my lifestyle at the moment despite being on a fixed income myself and should be doing something else than that. 
I seemed to not have a purpose in life other than living like a lazy bum off the government. I despise that." 
He frowned as Ms. Lyons gave up a Tsk sound before adding "That's because she doesn't seem to get it that you’re an offspring of the current King. His first born son fathered by the current King the public not seemingly aware of your identity. I know it myself." 
He groaned hearing Ms. Lyons' words. 
Guardian looked away to stare at his lap thinking to himself "I recalling getting a letter in the mail saying 
'Ms. Lyons was told of your actual identity related to the King via messenger in person. It was due to showing some heavy loyalty interests towards you. 
The loyalty is as in very strongly overheard defending you from people in town speaking various trashy rumors about you. The rumors were said about you after you became publicity known in town by the natives blabbing to each other about you living in Cairo.'
I recalled this loyalty was used onto me including the spying by the police department that was noticed by the city's natives. They refused to help me quit the spying instead encouraged it and acted as spies for the police themselves."
He spoke after hearing an ahem sound from her "Thanks for the reminder Ms. Lyons. I'm sick of being reminded that the King cheated on his wife during them having a huge fight. He had sex with some unknown actress said to be some love struck female after him with marriage on her mind. My Father managed to get her to drop her attitude towards me. 
She wound up after the breakup expecting me secretly hiding her pregnancy from the public eye. She dumped me soon after she birthed me in secret in some midwife's home. 
The midwife wound up raising me as a result and passed me off as her own offspring fooling the public. 
She kept up the foolery till she passed away from some drunk driver crashing his car into her vehicle is when that deception came out. The press had a field day about that. They have been pestering various authority figures in the government to come out admitting that they fathered me. 
The King has publicity taken the Fatherly duties and claiming me as his son. The press by their blaring in media has appeared to believe a word of him doing it as a result. 
The press via what I hear on the radio is still pestering the government officials to admit that Fatherly duty at the moment. This despite the finger keep pointing at the King as my Father repeatedly over and over by those government officials and him saying it. 
This fight is still ongoing which the public polled have been in a dead heat as always on who's my actual Father. Despite them don't know what I look like at the moment or my actual identity. 
The King has refused to let me be publicity known. It's due to known fears that I could be manipulated to want the King title duties. The King has already announced having an heir. The heir turns out to be a male child through his oldest daughter birthing a son three months ago out of wedlock through some unknown guy mating with her. 
Her expecting status wound up hitting as a shock to herself and the public."
He paused to clear his throat then continued talking "Besides there's a rumor going around that she was implanted through some donation. It was reportedly through some male through some kind of donation bank for that to have an heir to take over the King titled duties. 
That instead of going with me like people have been overheard commenting on that around town. 
I'm not even sure why the King is doing that instead. I heard another rumor is that his wife didn't want him to give me the King title duties. I was some kind of reminder of them having a fight. 
Both wound up cheating on each other and some off springs were the result of that. 
The Queen has acknowledged that she had a second daughter that wasn't fathered by the King but by someone else. The acknowledgment was soon after it came out that he fathered me despite some excuse of her second pregnancy turning out to be a miscarriage used. 
The second daughter from what I heard is living anonymously somewhere in Mahalia and could be anywhere. The Queen has like the King balked on publicity showing me, the second daughter to the public. Instead she have been flaunting their oldest daughter their only legal child the oldest of their children to produce a male child which has happened three months ago like I said. 
The King has declared his grandson the heir to the throne despite people commenting that I should be the heir to take over due to being the only son of him-"
He heard Ms. Lyons give off a Tsk sound interrupting him as there was a banging sound of a door. He saw Kendra come out of her apartment with Whitney leading the way. That despite leashed and looking like the cat dog hybrid was sniffing her way towards him by the beeline the gonoid was making. 
He groaned softly as Whitney reached his sneakered shoed foot to give it a lengthy sniff. 
Followed by Kendra he heard blaring loudly "I didn't say that you could go out and play smarty! So go to the grass and go!"
Guardian frowned as Whitney stopped sniffing him and sniffed her way to the lawn. Whitney he saw after Kendra kept blaring her go command had appeared to making up her mind on where to expel waste by squatting like a dog he saw and did the deed. He eyed Kendra who ignored the mess and picked up the gonoid hauling her inside.
He heard her muttering loudly "It's too hot to do anything out there anyway."
Guardian frowned further hearing Kendra's door slam shut. That along with the air conditioner unit resuming its function by the noises it made from being stuck in the window in his eyesight. 
He heard Ms. Lyons give off a Tsk sound. He looked at her. 
She spoke "Hmph. Kendra is beginning to realize what Whitney is. She's what I told her a hybrid of a cat and dog. It's judging by what she said to her pet's reaction towards you including ordering her to use the grass to do her business. 
I do think she should have picked up the mess her pet made and tossed it out in the dumpster instead of leaving it there. It's not proper for owners of such pets to do that period. 
Besides Henrietta will have a fit if her daughter Michaela walks into that mess. It whether by accident or not or plays with the crap out of curiosity of a three year old." 
He groaned loudly and spoke "Actually Batty habitually uses outside to do his bathroom business whenever he's let out to hunt on leash. His hunting can be for anything that can be a rodent or some insect. I haven't been vigilant on picking up the mess he makes. 
I've been fine with him using the litter box while he's contained in a cage in my home. 
He has repeatedly smacked himself into walls and things around my home whenever he's freed from the cage. 
It's for sessions involving bonding and play time while inside my home depending on the weather outside. That's why I have him caged while I'm not inside the apartment. Just to keep himself from causing damage to himself and the apartment's contents. 
Batty hasn't seemed to be complaining of being contained in the cage for too much time. 
That despite Trudy saying she hasn't heard much noises from him while I was out of the apartment whenever I ask her. 
I'm not even sure of how Batty can withstand the heat in the apartment. It's too hot for me to survive in it even if I have a blanket thrown over his cage to keep the sunlight out. I'm still confused on that at the moment. 
He's not so active whenever it's cold out. He's whenever its cold only uses outside to flutter around shortly before indicating on wanting to go inside by sitting on the ground and refusing to budge from his spot. I have to pick him up and carry him inside." 
He frowned to eye Ms. Lyons who spoke "Sounds to me that Batty has some kind of body system that can't take the cold very much. Hence he appearing to survive in very hot heat temps a normal Egyptian can't survive in without any way of cooling down." 
He sighed as Ms. Lyons checked her watch and spoke "Hmm time for me to go inside and take some medication. And check on Spider Queen if she had any eggs lying around despite repeatedly finding signs of her living in the basement's boiler room. 
She has been preying on the insects that get inside through the ground there. 
I warn you Guardian that the hot temps will cause her to lay eggs as usual all over the place. 
Plus the heat can trigger traveling males to seek shelter into people's homes where there's females already nesting there. To cause some hanky panky of eggs having offspring in them that must be deposited immediately. It's before the offsprings burst out and take over the place as their nesting home. 
Till their old enough to travel outside without any fears of being picked on by other predators." 
He sighed and without a comment got up and saw Ms. Lyons to the laundry room door entrance that led to both laundry and her basement apartment on the same floor. He yanked open the door to groan loudly. 
Guardian heard from her "Bloody Hades, wasn't fast enough!" 
Guardian frowned finding the floor was covered with too many to count white spiders that were crawling from a burst open egg sac that scattered from the sunlight pouring into the room. Some of the spiders were seen to burst into flame from the light hitting them over and over till there were a good number left out of the sunlight's glare. The spiders were seen still crawling away going up the corner walls of the laundry room. Some settling on Ms. Lyons' front doorframe's corners and appeared to be making nests from the looks of it in a fast move before becoming motionless still. 
He spoke "Bloody Hades, don't tell me those spiders are Drainer spiders. That sucked blood from gonoids including sucking them from insects. That's judging by the sunlight killing a bunch of them off and them getting out of the sunlight's light." 
He eyed Ms. Lyons who gave up an Hmph sound and wordlessly shut the laundry room's door with a slam. He having to shut the door properly by hand on the doorknob in a fast move despite some spiders in the door jamb getting crushed to death by the door. 
He heard from her "Actually Spider Queen must have mated with a spider. That is known to have Drainer offspring. A blood sucking trait they have till they get enough nourishment to grow a new body. 
They shed the old body and the blood sucking ability goes away. Those offsprings don't care who they suck as long as they get their nourishment to grow the new body which they'll suck manoids too. 
I figured if no one goes into the laundry room. It won't take long before they'll be fighting with each other. It's for their hunger will be too great to ignore which is bound to take till nightfall is when they'll be too full of blood to suck anymore. That sucking involves to grow a new body that'll take a few hours of the night. 
Then Spider Queen will take care of kicking them out like the mama she is wanting her offsprings to live elsewhere period." 
Guardian frowned but spoke "Bloody Hades, someone got to let Henrietta, Kendra and Trudy know of this situation as soon as possible. Before they venture into the laundry room and become a victim of a sucking." 
He heard from Ms. Lyons in response "Henrietta you don't need to worry about. She's deathly afraid of spiders and won't venture into the laundry room even if she has clothes that need to be washed. 
She has claimed to been very vigilant on keeping spiders out of her apartment period. 
She has claimed to me to have littered her apartment with some bug called praying mantis unsure of the name that preys on spiders. In case Spider Queen has an egg in her apartment that hatches enough to eat the young and target the egg if it's fertilized enough to destroy it. 
I haven't seen anything of this in her apartment from what I've seen from her front door. Via her doorway but her apartment kind of reeks of bug spray poison very strongly. 
Trudy has complained to me of some stinky smell coming from the floor of her apartment. She can't seem to get rid of no matter what she uses to get the stink out."
Guardian spoke "Well who's informing Trudy and Kendra anyway?"
He heard from Ms. Lyons "I'll do Kendra while you go inform Trudy. Besides Trudy doesn't seem that friendly towards me whenever she's waken up from one of her sleeping periods. That happens during the day by me informing her of a problem which can be anything. I suspect that she'll be even more friendlier with you anyway. Don't ask me why so go now." 
He walked away and went to Trudy's apartment ringing the doorbell loudly to hear a cat yowling sounding faint. He stiffened of shock seeing a cat appearing to be black and white on the window still of Trudy's apartment having white spiders crawling over it. The spiders appearing to be sucking away onto the cat which made him groan. 
Guardian gave up another groan and figured out what to do. He quickly darted down the stairs and ran to Kendra's apartment. He met Ms. Lyons standing outside the door with Kendra looking annoyed. 
She he saw having a cell phone in her hand and appearing to be yelling onto it "I'm not kidding on what I'm saying Smarty-" 
Guardian spoke interrupting Kendra's yelling "Ms. Lyons I think Spider Queen laid an egg in Trudy's apartment that hatched. It's from seeing her cat in the window still having spiders crawling all over it that appear to be sucking it at the moment. I suspect that their sucking Trudy while she's sleeping." 
He heard from Kendra in response as if hearing him "Hurry up and get over here with your exterminator equipment! One of the neighbors just informed me that another egg hatched inside another apartment from seeing a cat in the window still having spiders all over it sucking away! I suspects that their targeting the gonoid's owner a female lying asleep inside! She works a night shift and sleeps during the day so get your seat over here now!"
He frowned eyeing Kendra who hung up the cell phone by slamming two pieces together. 
The he heard her gave up to his shock "Bloody Hades to that exterminator!" 
He frowned hearing her use the Mahalian vulgarity's swear words of Bloody Hades as Kendra added "Exterminator is sarcastic with believing me. He gave me a time frame of arrival which will be an hour's time frame. Just my luck it'll be two hours before he arrives."
He got thrust the cell phone by Kendra who added "Here you call emergency. See if they'll believe you enough to come over here. They attend to Trudy along with getting the exterminator to come over faster enough to take out the spiders." 
He didn't comment a response took the cell phone. He frowned as he got instructions from Kendra on how to use it to dial. He found himself easily getting her instructions. He dialed for emergency reaching an operator to his relief. 
Guardian found that that the female on the line seemed to take him seriously. He telling her of the situation along with omitting that the exterminator was called and sarcastic with their requests to come attend to the spiders. 
He frowned waiting lengthy as sirens were heard to see emergency crew come. 
He thrust Kendra the cell phone and showed the eater fighters' men the apartment Trudy was inside. The cat was still on the window still appearing to look weak and still having spiders on its form sucking away. 
Guardian didn't comment a response as he was ordered "Get away from the building while we go attend to get Trudy as you call her and cat out into the sunlight." 
He told them "I have a gonoid in my apartment a cat bat hybrid caged underneath a blanket. The apartment is the topmost floor of this house."
He got told "We'll check it out so leave." 
Guardian in response thrust the men his keys who snatched out of his hands. Guardian darted down the stairs hitting outside to stand with the emergency crew seemingly lengthy. Trudy he saw to his relief came out carried by a man over his shoulder along with another having her cat Matilda in hand. Both were placed onto the ground as the men removed their clothes baring themselves. He heard a Tsk sound from Ms. Lyons as the men wound up examining their naked themselves for any spiders as he saw multiple balls of eaters erupt all over them and their clothes. 
He kept seeing multiple balls erupt. He saw two men came out one carrying Batty looking weak in his arms' grips and saw multiple balls of eaters erupt all over the gonoid and the men. They put him on the ground him crouching while shaking. 
Guardian grimaced seeing the men removing their clothes to bare themselves and examining themselves for spiders with balls erupting all over the place. He frowned as he was tossed his keys which he grabbed. Guardian finding them hot to the touch and placed them on a hook on his shorts. 
He stood with arms folded in the sunlight feeling the heat hitting. The medics attended to Trudy and gonoids giving them all a through check for spiders. By them removing Trudy's clothes and checking her all over not sparing her privates or her hair. They fluffing her clothes to the sunlight and seeing multiple balls on it. The clothes burst into flame. A man took and threw in the dumpster seeing an eater burn from the area. 
He eyed Ms. Lyons looking furious who spoke "That's the last straw. Spider Queen is out period. Those spiders weren't the spiders I thought actually. I just realized that they were from Spider Queen. It's why she's always hidden from me and whoever around here. 
It's her who's the Drainer spiders' creator. Hence she always hiding from anyone in the building just so that they won't kick her out. 
Once she's seen like what's happened to others having her in their home. She overstayed her welcome having her offspring take over the building. Those spiders will stay in nesting in it for awhile till they outgrow that bloody sucking ability. 
It will take anywhere from a week to thirty suns before they leave for good if Spider Queen is still nesting in there. The exterminators will have to poison everything in the building and the nearest buildings near it repeatedly over and over. 
It's obvious that all the spiders are either killed off or out including their parents. This will take too much time and too much money. I suspect that the only cheapest thing to kill off the spiders and to get them out is to burn the building and its nearest neighbors. 
This while having exterminators poison the outside areas outside the nearest houses. 
It's just to keep spiders from gaining entrance in their escape from the fire as I refer eaters, Bloody Hades!" 
Guardian frowned as he shifted to eye Kendra's door as if drawn to see a fireman he assumed was the title come out carrying Whitney. He saw both went into the sun and saw multiple fireballs erupt on them both. 
He heard from Kendra "Bloody Hades, terrific. I'm homeless living in some crummy motel room. It's obvious till some city can get me an apartment to live in once I qualify for it." 
He frowned to eye the fireman that carried Whitney out. 
The fireman spoke loudly he heard "Found the Drainer spiders' Mother in this cat's mouth. I got her contained in the tub with the water running just to prevent her from getting out. 
Place is crawling of spiders all over the place. I managed to find the male's body by accidentally knocking a book off a shelf. It came out tumbling to the floor looking dead to me. 
I managed to squash the body flat with my foot."
Guardian heard from Kendra loudly "Great. Thanks a lot you Bloody Hades' spider for wrecking things up around here." 
He frowned to go to Batty examined by a vet on site.
Guardian spoke "I'm its owner." 
He eyed the vet who spoke towards him "Blood loss is pretty bad at the moment. I can't say if this gonoid will survive another day or not. I'm not sure if we have anything for getting its blood levels up. 
The gonoid is rare for this area in this state. We'll have to contact the local zoo to see if they have anything related towards it. Chances are if it survives the zoo is where it's going. 
A recently passed state law that involves people having adult hybrids of wild and domesticated gonoids which this gonoid qualifies according to state law."
He groaned softly as the vet continued talking "Besides there's no law against having hybrids of domesticated gonoids. There's laws of people having wild adult hybrid gonoids. A zoo is where they must keep that type of gonoid period. 
I warn you that the state law includes a thousand currency pound fee if anyone is caught having such illegal gonoids in their residences. Lucky for you the law hasn't taken effect yet. 
It'll take effect at the beginning of the New Cycle. It's just to give people time to give up their gonoids and find sanctuaries willing to take them. 
That along with giving people time to move out of state to other states that have yet to pass such a law. I warn you that those states are currently in talks on passing such laws like what happened in our state. Other states habitually follow suit with twin laws passed soon after our state passes them." 
He groaned and spoke "I hereby give up this gonoid dubbed Batty by me to the care of you, the vet. You to do what you can for Batty along with seeing that he's placed properly in a sanctuary for his kind. I do hope no one complains of this anyway." 
He frowned eyeing the vet that held up a computer pad and pen device that spoke "Need your signature for giving up the gonoid. You're as its declared owner according to microchip detected in it labeling you as that." 
He wordlessly took the computer pad and pen and with favoring his left hand for writing attempted to sign. Guardian groaned finding his left hand refused to accept the pen as in indicated it wasn't fully healed from the arm injury.
He signed with his right hand in a messy scrawl after hearing a throat clearing noise from the vet "Guard Beers." 
Guardian frowned to himself thinking "I hate having to use that ridiculous name as my legal name." 
He wordlessly handed the vet back the computer pad and pen. The vet took them both without another comment towards him. 
He hearing the vet ordering "Assistants! You're to take the gonoid into our vehicle! That along with doing it towards the other gonoids who obviously needed further medical help then I could provide!" 
He stood watching as Batty was hauled away along with Trudy's cat and Kendra's pet.
He hearing from Kendra loudly "I want a full report on how Whitney is doing once you can reach me as soon as possible!" 
Guardian heard nothing from the vet or assistants in response. He saw one of them drive away in their vehicle the vet and other assistants in the vehicle. 
Guardian stood as Ms. Lyons got a hold of his right arm and pulled him away from the buildings. To across the street where the parking lot to a bowling alley was held and forced him to sit down on the ground. He obeyed sitting crossed legged groaning loudly. 
He heard Kendra speaking "Great their going to burn the Bloody buildings. Judging from what I'm seeing them handling those Bloody Hades' grenades. Someone should contact Henrietta about this. I don't have her phone number to her work or to the daycare where her kid Michaela is at." 
He heard from Ms. Lyons "Let me handle that Kendra so hand me the cell phone now." 
He tuned out Ms. Lyons to focus onto the apartment building to see the firemen fully dressed into their clothes and uniform while holding grenades bursting of fire. They threw the grenades hitting the building all over the place from various points of firemen on their ladders and breaking the windows. 
They seen throwing grenades inside before retreating away from the area and parking their vehicles a good distance away as the house burst up in flame. He sat watching as the house fell apart burning to the ground leaving nothing left but ashes and spotted Kendra's house burning too. 
Guardian thought to himself "Oh what am I going to do now? What's my purpose in life going to be anyway?"
He frowned as a water bottle was thrust into his hand. He felt himself thirsty gulped it slowly as he could. 
He focused away from the inferno to see the national registered group dubbed by the name of Samira in their twin outfits nearby him. Guardian saw that all the females were wearing shapeless blue dresses with various foot wears. Males he saw were wearing black pants and black long sleeve tops that appeared to be some loose form of covered neck top to him. They wearing twin black shoe wear appearing to be sneakers that had appeared to gather near him, Ms. Lyons and Kendra. 
The Samira group members handing out nourishment to all three of them, he and the females wordlessly took eating and drinking himself finding that he was hungry. 
He recalled as he thought to himself while chewing and drinking the nourishment "The Samira group is an actual religious cult of some private not publicized religion whatever it is. 
I would love to find out anyway. 
Oh they earned the official name of Samira by a King of Mahalia. The King back then was recognizing the group for helping out people in disasters regardless of how bad it was. 
The disasters were reportedly happening all over the Mahalia nation and its allied islands. Some isles underneath Mahalia's King rule. Some were ruled by their own rulers carrying the titles of Duke or Duchess passed down in the family and answering to the King period." 
He ate the food and drinks cutting his thought and handed back the bottles and wrappings towards a Samira member. 
He resumed sitting on the ground thinking to himself "I wonder what I'm to go next including what purpose in my life I was to do?" 
Guardian recalled to himself thinking "I recalled that the King after a private meeting with me soon after the death of my Mother raiser ordered me 
'You're to go to West Allied state and stay there. You're to keep yourself out of the public eye and not flaunt yourself as my son.
I have oath that I would provide you with a place to stay along with a fixed income monthly money allowance per month for you to live on for a certain time period.'"
He wound up recalling on reading a newspaper's headline as left taped to his door with article cut out. 
Only the headline was left onto his door it said "King's son would be awarded a huge money sum after the time period was up to keep himself anonymous." 
He sighed "I wound up recalling that the King ordered me 'Your not to contact me and my family for anything period. Unless a postcard from Elizabethan Island nation an ocean island allied territory of where my secret private island was arrived mailed to you with wording indicating on contact. It was when you could do the contact in anyway you could.'"
Guardian remained sitting for a long time feeling the heat hitting him as he shook his head of the memory flashing in his mind. 
Ms. Lyons' loud voice broke his thoughts "His name is Guard Beers. He's a loner around here who lives in the attic floor of the house apartment building. He's been living there as long as I've lived in the basement apartment which is five cycles. He was an employee of a factory company named Trick Party or TP. 
I used to work there before retiring. I'm not even sure of why he's not working at the moment. That despite I hearing all sorts or rumors from contacts of the company. 
He doesn't seem to indicate towards me of having any family living nearby or indicate anything related to his family or why he's living there. 
Sorry I don't know much more about him. Except he had a hybrid bat cat as a pet he had to give up due to some state law that said something about wild and domesticated hybrid gonoids being kept as pets."
Guardian shifted to focus towards Ms. Lyons talking to a Samira female that had a computer pad in her hand. The Samira female appeared to one hand typing it.
He continued to overhear Ms. Lyons add "That girl who gave up the name of Kendra Star's actual name is Sydney Simons. She's a reported local exorcist for getting spirits of the dead to get out of possessing the living. She has been used by various local religious groups' leaders including the law for doing exorcisms onto people. Mostly behaving like their possessed by some bad spirit of the dead. 
They currently pay for her situation of living a dwelling, getting nourishment and items she needs to survive in a dwelling. She's currently on a fixed monthly income. She spends the money on items mostly books from the local reuse shop, Valley Thrift walking distance from here. It's about a five minutes' walk via main road avoiding traffic. 
She's a reported bookaholic and likes to read. She has been trying to pass off that reading habit onto the other inhabitants of the building. 
She currently has as a pet a white cat dog hybrid that is more like a cat by appearance but reportedly blind according to her. She lived in the cabin soon after the landlord Jack as he's known fixed it up for living. 
That was after using it as a storage shed for too much time."
He frowned to get up from the ground and went to Ms. Lyons who noticed his arrival.
She heard speaking "This is Elise who's taking records for disaster relief for the victims. I already told her what I knew of you, Trudy, Henrietta and Kendra. It's from her asking me so tell her what she wants to know. Excuse me while I go ask for a proper seat I'm quite weary." 
Guardian watched her walk off going up to a male Samira and appeared to be in a whispered conversation with him. He frowned to eye them before seeing them both going inside the bowling alley building.
He focused onto Elise he assumed was the female's name who spoke "So tell me about yourself and what you knew of the neighbors." 
Guardian sighed softly and spoke as Elise's left hand flew on the computer pad "The name's Guard Beers. 
I'm actually an orphan some well known official in the government unknown to me sponsored all my life for helping me get various items I need. This while living as a youngster before reaching legal age of nineteen, while underneath various females in foster homes. 
One of them admitted this sponsorship. Something that is common among government officials to do towards kids who are orphans with no known family to raise them hence the sponsorship."
He frowned thinking to himself "I hate having to lie about my background as drilled to me by my Father wanting me to keep myself anonymous." 
Elise he heard broke his thinking spoke "Job you have at the moment?"
He spoke from seeing a red visible jagged scar line on his left forearm he unable to remove that scar's marking "I currently don't have a job at the moment. I don't have the proper schooling for the jobs I want to live a lifestyle. 
I was laid off from a packaging company factory job downsizing its company two lunar cycled months ago. 
They gave me a retirement pension for the laid off due to me getting injured during a spinner storm hitting the factory area. I wound up being the first in line to warn the factory workers of a spinner's coming. 
I warning the factory and people was from being outside smoking a cigarette which I quit the habit. I saw the spinner storm's arrival ran inside and told everybody to take shelter they didn't believe me at first. They believed me when a police officer's car smashed into the factory's entrance reportedly killing the cop inside that caused a horrible noise. 
Everyone of the employees except one had managed to get to safety and survived the disaster but the building suffered too much damage to be fixed and had to be torn down.
I wound up breaking my left arm during the disaster of trying to help the President's son survive the disaster. That while contained in a private room for men during the spinner hitting the building. He was unable to get to the storm shelter on time. 
I went to look for him while noticing him missing from the shelter. I found him in the male's bathroom and helped keep him alive with the spinner storming the building. 
The left arm has a scar at the moment I'm unable to remove. The left arm's bone broke because I was lying on top of the son. 
I was shielding him from the debris falling from the sky from the roof ripping open. One of the debris slammed onto my arm very hard breaking the bone before getting off of me by the spinner's winds whipping around. 
I used a handheld onto a sink's faucet to hold myself and an arm around the son from being flown out by the winds. The spinner managed to go by and we both survived intact. 
I got laid off as a result of my heroism but was given a small pension. I currently live on but it's not much for me to live very comfortably." 
He frowned to eye Elise who spoke "Would this factory be the Trick Party or TP factory?"
Guardian groaned and spoke "Yes that's the factory where I used to work before I was laid off. 
My pension money I earned from the factory is simply five hundred and twenty seven pounds a month. I'm currently receiving at the moment till I qualify for social security at the age of sixty five. I'm currently twenty six. 
TP were currently paying most of my rent three hundred and twenty five pounds. The rest was paid by me totaling five hundred pounds per month in rent money in the apartment I was currently living in." 
He frowned as Elise spoke "The pet someone said you had some bat cat hybrid? How did you acquire it?"
Guardian sighed again and spoke "It was through inheritance from some police officer's passing away. Reportedly belonged to the officer who's car smashed into the factory's building. His family wound up claiming that he was a family friend of my parents from grade school. 
I was tracked down and given the bat cat hybrid I dubbed Batty due to not told his original name. I had Batty for two lunar cycled months before giving him up today. 
The vet telling me that the state passed a state law involving keeping gonoid hybrids like Batty as pets. This law making it illegal for that to happen which I signed over Batty to the vet." 
He frowned eyeing Elise who continued to type on her computer pad then she spoke "Tell me what do you know of your neighbors that lived with you in the building and the neighbor in the cabin?"
He spoke "I know about Kendra is from what she tells me. I heard Ms. Lyons tell you that her name is Sydney Simons is from what I overheard. I wound up overhearing Ms. Sally Lyons telling you about her. What I knew of her is what Ms. Lyons said."
Guardian frowned as Elise spoke "Anything on Ms. Lyons and the other inhabitants?"
He spoke "Ms. Lyons from what I know of her used to work at TP as I did. She retired from there during my four Egyptia's planetary world around the sun's trip cycles of working. 
She has been my neighbor as long as I lived in the apartment building. She appearing to currently living on a retiree pension from either the company or the state government I'm not sure which. 
Anyway the other neighbors I know that lived in the building was a woman named Trudy. I'm not given her last name that worked in some hospital as a nurse during Luna's time and slept during the sunlight who currently owns her own vehicle and a cat. 
The other neighbors is another woman named Henrietta Anita. That's the name she gave me and her three year old daughter Michaela Anita who moved into the apartment building after days of birthing her as claimed to me. 
I heard from Ms. Lyons that Henrietta admitted that she got out of a marriage with a male not named. The male according to Ms. Lyons wound using Henrietta's connections as a lawyer to further his lawyer career. The ex-husband hit her with divorce once his career was established. That along with getting out of paying her child support payments once it was obvious she was carrying his child. 
The excuse I heard to get out of paying her child support was that the child was created for her to gain his money wealth which the judge sided with him. The judge according to Ms. Lyons seemed to side with him on who should pay alimony money. She's currently paying him. 
The judge saying from what I learned that she was using her child as an excuse to get money amounts from her ex-husband hence she should pay as a result. I haven't heard on the amount of money she's currently paying at the moment.
I heard that she currently works two jobs one as a lawyer handling defendants. They unable to afford a lawyer while their accused of crimes police have them arrested for the city of Georgina the state's capital. 
That happens and working part time at TP who hired her for secretary work. I don't know if their paying for her rent or not." 
He clamped his mouth shut once done to eye Elise who kept typing then paused to look at him.
She spoke "Do you still keep contact with the government official that sponsored you?"
He spoke "Sorry no. The sponsorship ended once I reached the legal age of nineteen with no knowledge of who sponsored me said to me yet. I wound up getting the job at TP. The hiring was before Mahalia Day's holiday week at age twenty. 
It happened after a cycle of unsuccessful attempts to get a job. I not qualified for various jobs and not having the proper schooling for getting the jobs I needed to have a lifestyle that involves working in an office."
Guardian again clamped his mouth shut as Elise kept typing then looked at him and spoke "Your school history please?"
He sighed and spoke "I was home schooled for most of my offspring life by various tutors till my current Mother raiser passed away when I was age seventeen. 
I wound up going to high school for two cycles. I wasn't able to qualify for a diploma. 
My schooling level was said to be lower than their standards as claimed to me. Despite me getting various high grades and scoring high on tests. 
I was kicked out once I turned nineteen or declared that age by the high school saying it to me. It was on claims that I was too old for high school and should be in college instead. 
I haven't been able to get into any diploma like programs at local colleges offered around the state. It's from not qualifying for scholarships offered for students to have paid for attending the local college. I don't currently earn enough money for diploma's college classes. 
I have been trying unsuccessfully to qualify for scholarships since I was laid off from working at Trick as it's dubbed and not TP. 
Also during my time of working at Trick while living in the apartment building with the company paying most of the rent is when I would take one night class. Mostly during Western Community College's semesters of whenever they offered classes involved with getting a diploma only at night. So far I have competed three of the required Western Community College's five classes over a three cycled period for getting a diploma offered at night. 
I haven't been able to get the other two classes at night. The college abruptly dropped having night classes for people to get diplomas. The college has been focused onto doing it during the day without any reason for doing that switchover. 
I heard a rumor from college students in my presence around town that switchover was because of some female student claimed to be pregnant by force in her car. The rumor says this pregnancy bit happened at night by some guy getting inside her vehicle after she got inside and forced her into a mating ritual. She wound up pregnant as a result. 
I heard she's keeping the baby out of family obligation. It’s reported to be a male someone in her family wanted her to keep to pass down their family's first name as traditionally done for males in their family.
There's this tradition of females still retaining their last names while married to males which I hear is currently popular at the moment."
He stopped talking to frown staring at Elise who spoke "You own a vehicle or take public transportation?"
Guardian spoke "I take public transportation. It is company sponsored airbus for people working for the company living in the Cairo city area. Ms. Lyons and I used that mode of transportation after hiking a lengthy twenty minute walk to the town library parking lot. 
This happened in various kinds of weather to meet the airbus parked there. For there was a selected area was where people could park their cars and not worry about it towed away or paid a fee for it. It was sponsored by the company supporting the town library through various money donations. 
The airbus ride was reportedly a fifteen minute flyover to Merryville where the factory building was. This happened before it was destroyed by a spinner going through that area that caused the town too much damage in money amounts. 
Trick wound up laying me off despite not doing it towards others. It was as said to me by Ms. Lyons who kept some kind of communication connection to the company. 
I'm not even sure of why I was laid off instead of promoted to manager. The manager job was offered to employees who did something impressive to the company's President. That mostly involves doing something nice to the President's son. 
He was reportedly a spoiled brat and treated employees rudely according to other employees in my presence. 
I still can't figure out how I got fired for saving the President's son during the spinner storm hitting the building Bloody Hades." 
Guardian clamped his mouth shut again and eyed Elise who after a lengthy typing onto her computer pad. 
He frowned as she spoke "Scuttlebutt is that the President's son was embarrassed from having his life saved by an employee. That includes being in some debt towards the employee for doing it as honor bound by being a part of Samira's code of honor. 
I believe the son ordered you laid off and given a pension in response to saving his life. This included with having part of your rent still paid by the company. 
I do suspect that the company would come to your rescue for your homeless situation as honor bound by the President's son to do it till he saves your life back is when the life debt is paid period." 
He frowned hearing that from Elise who added after doing some typing "That's about it for my questioning. I suggest you go inside the bowling alley building. 
Go join Kendra as she's called and Ms. Lyons for waiting for someone to come pick the three of you up to where you're to stay. I can't say if it'll be the same driver for the three of you. Ms. Lyons and Kendra have both admitted to having family members living out of town at the moment who is being contacted to pick them up. 
I can't say who'll pick you up for driving you to a place to stay. I have to contact someone in the Samira group to make some phone calls. Just to see who'll take you in till you get back to your feet so go inside now." 
He obeyed finding the bowling alley was quiet and appeared to be deserted of no one playing bowling while spotting Kendra and Ms. Lyons seated at a booth. Both he saw were not looking interested in playing a game that they had bored expressions on their faces. 
He frowned and went to the booth to sit next to them, them wordlessly not talking to him or each other.
Guardian sat lengthy till a loud voice spoke loudly "Ma!"
He looked at the entrance to find a young male around his age that reminded him of Ms. Lyons that darted up towards her and gave her a hug before escorting her out. 
She heard talking "Jack the landlord owes me the deposit money I paid him to live at the house as stated on the contract-" 
She became out of his earshot and out of the bowling alley building. He saw them leave sighed loudly to hear a disgust sound from Kendra who resumed that bored expression on her face. He eyed her warily till he looked away and looked at the entrance seemingly lengthy. 
He saw an older male with grey in his hair and wearing a police uniform came inside in view that gave him a glare as the male walked in his direction. 
He frowned but didn't comment as the policeman arrived to the booth speaking "Kendra, come with me now." 
Guardian watched as Kendra obeyed wordlessly following the officer out of the building out of sight. He resumed staring at the entrance seemingly lengthy to see people come inside wearing uniforms and carrying bags going to booths. 
He wound up approached by a female wearing a waitress uniform speaking "If you're not going to be playing bowling hit the bar in that direction and stay and wait there. The bowlers will rope you into bowling till closing time of midnight like they have always done towards anyone found new in here."
Guardian didn't say a word got up and went to the bar area as pointed out by the waitress. He walked inside finding the bar had two doors showing its entrance. He went to sit at a bar stool facing the entrance and frowned as a throat clearing noise sounded off his left. He found a male a bartender wearing a suit he assumed was the male's job. 
The male spoke "We're not open for business." 
He spoke "Excuse me just sitting here avoiding playing bowling." 
Guardian looked away to again hear from the bartender his familiar words. He ignored till a hand tapped him on the shoulder off his right. He looked to find the hand's owner was a big burly male appearing to be taller than him that jabbed a finger at the bar entrance.
The burly male spoke "Get out."
He frowned but wordlessly obeyed leaving the bar to find a Samira male at the entrance talking to a waitress as he heard bowling sounds sounding. 
He went to the waitress and Samira loudly speaking "I’m Guard Beers. Something I can do for you?"
He got from the Samira male "You?!"
The male's tone sounded rude to him. 
Guardian frowned inwardly as the Samira looked him up and down before adding "Come along." 
He obeyed following to a car parked among cars in the lot.
Guardian got ordered "Go sit in the back." 
He obeyed. Guardian sat buckling up his seatbelt and eyed the Samira who got inside and started up the car. He wound up hearing the Samira turning on the radio that gave up drumming sounds very loudly too loud for him to converse with the male. Guardian sat in the car as the Samira drove it out of the parking lot. 
The Samira he saw appeared to drive quite lengthy appearing to be out of Cairo and on the highway taking a lengthy route. 
Guardian saw the ocean off his right along with signs of inhabitants of houses nearby off his left. He frowned as the driver got the car off the highway into an apparent small town that had stores he recognized for food and touristy stuff. 
He saw the sign for the town he read "Welcome to Beach City!" 
Guardian frowned inwardly of what he was going to do in this ocean touristy town. He continued to frown as the Samira drove to a house appearing to have stairs in it for its tall height and parked the car in the driveway.
He heard the radio shut off followed by "Get out of the car now."
Guardian obeyed and wordlessly followed the male to the front door. 
He saw the male ring the doorbell which was answered by an old female who spoke "Yes something I can do for you?"
He heard from the Samira "Olivia, this is Guard Beers the new tenant I called you about."
He frowned as the old female spoke "I'm not Olivia but her Mother, Rita. I'll go get my daughter excuse me."
Guardian frowned eyeing the door as Rita he assumed he'll call her left the door open but screen door shut and walked out of sight. Guardian waited impatiently as a younger female with brown hair in a long length pulled back while wearing a Samira dress. She appearing to look heavily pregnant to him arrived to stand out the door to stare at him lengthy. The staring made him uncomfortable till he heard a faint doorbell ringing. Guardian frowned finding the male Samira had ring the doorbell by hand onto it.
The young female he saw walked outside and spoke "Thanks Jones, I can take it from here." 
He eyed the male Samira who walked away.
He heard from Olivia he assumed was her name "Follow me."
Guardian obeyed following her to around the house's side to find a driveway having two parked cars and a fence in front of it that appeared to be made out of wood. He frowned as she unlocked the fence's lock by key on a keychain and led him to the backyard and still around the house. 
He frowned to find her leading him to an entrance to the back of the house that appeared to be a basement apartment to him. 
Guardian got thrust the keys which he gripped.
He got from her "Good luck Mister Beers."
He frowned at Olivia's comment before watching her walk out of sight. He heard the fence sounded of being manipulated to him. 
Guardian frowned further forming the expression on his face but went down the steps to the screen door finding a door behind it. He found two of the keys led to that door as he unlocked it without any difficulty. 
Guardian got inside finding the lights were off. He used the sunlight from outside to find the light switch. He found a living room with a wall opening in his line of sight that appeared to show the kitchen peeking through it. 
Guardian shut the door and locked it and gave the apartment a through check. He finding the place was a one bedroom apartment fully furnished with items needing to sleep in it. He finding it included with various electronic equipment in the living room that was for TV watching and didn't find a radio among them. 
He explored the apartment as thoroughly as he could to find another door leading to the laundry room and found stairs leading up to Olivia's house inside. 
He figured thinking "The laundry is shared. I got to when I remember ask her on when I can use the laundry facilities."
Guardian wandered inside the apartment looking inside dressers and closets. He finding nothing but cleaning supplies along with nothing to indicate them holding anything for him to exchange clothes. He found towels in the bathroom that had a shower stall and no tub. There was nothing to indicate on washing himself clean. He sighed and peered into the refrigerator to find it empty of food along with peering into the cupboards to find nothing inside. 
Groaning he found the phone on the wall and saw a sign saying "This phone is contact to Olivia, the landlord for emergencies only after pressing the number seven on the button period." 
He sighed and walked out of the apartment locking the door and went to the fence. Guardian finding the sun was still shining but appeared to be low in the sky. 
Guardian recalled while thinking to himself "The car I was in was wound up driving by a grocery store. I figured to myself that I'll go walk towards it."
He hooked the keychain to his shorts. Guardian walked a lengthy route towards the grocery store to find it open. 
He saw a sign on the glass door saying "Always open and never closed." 
Guardian walked inside finding the store clerk giving him a glare of suspicion he ignored. 
Guardian wandered around picking up a cloth bag for buying groceries. He got it full and hauled it to the clerk's register to place it there. 
He frowned as the store clerk an old man spoke "Name's Seaman. Welcome to Beach City. Your purchase judging by the looks of you will be hand print only. Excuse me while I ring up everything." 
He frowned as Seaman he assumed was his name, rang up everything in the cloth bag along with resuming putting them back inside. 
He spoke "The name's Guard Beers, sir. I recently arrived in town. You care to direct me to where I can find items such as clothes?"
He eyed Seaman who gave him a narrowed eyed glare of suspicion again, that paused from ranging up food and non food items that kept staring at him. 
It made him uncomfortable and made him talk "My home was an apartment in a house in Cairo that got burned to the ground due to some vampire spider infestation. The clothes on me are what I was able to take out and nothing else. I currently live in a basement apartment on Dorrance Street in the house of a female named Olivia. You know her?"
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with what he said including saying vampire instead of Drainer regarding the spiders. He watched as Seaman in response ignored his question, resumed ranging up his food before stopping to thrust him a computer pad. 
Seaman heard speaking "Your hand print please." 
He obeyed putting his hand onto there to hear a beep sound.
Seaman added after he removed his hand "That's about it. Everything is taken care of. You'll find the clothes shop for males' clothes down the street called Lang but unfortunately their closed at this hour. It'll open at eight o'clock in the morning sharp period tomorrow. Their closed at five o'clock in the evening. 
Its six o'clock at the moment. 
I also suggest you go to this Inn called Boonsboro on Grasso Street if you're looking for a job. The Inn is hiring at the moment. They are quite desperate to fill up positions due to tourist season coming up in three suns. So dress up quite nicely when you go to there for a job. They have some kind of dress code involving employees and people hoping to get a job from there. 
Good luck with that."
He didn't comment a response gave Seaman a head bob and took the bag of items with him out of the store. He walked out going down the street to find the males' clothing store. He saw from peering through the window appeared to be focused onto suits and clothes related to it. He noted the hours was on the door as said by Seaman. 
Guardian walked back to the apartment as the sunlight became dim. He got to the apartment finding a light above blink on flooding the dim lighted sun area brightly. He let himself inside with the keys and locked the door behind him. 
Guardian went to the kitchen putting away the food and putting away the soap and shampoo he bought from the grocery store into the bathroom. 
Guardian put the cloth bag into the cupboard finding a sign on the bag's front saying "Save the environment reuse the bag for shopping at the grocery store." 
He figured to himself "I might as well do what the bag's wording says and use the bag for groceries."
He took off his sneakers and left them near the door to the apartment's entrance. Guardian went to sit down on the couch finding a remote on the coffee table for the flat screened TV stuck to the wall. He turned on finding only three channels. That were involved with the news in West Allied state and a channel involving the weather in the Mahalia nation continent and nothing else. 
He sighed and focused onto one of the state news' channel. He recognizing it as the one he listened to via radio and listened to it boring him. 
They stopped boring him when they started talking "Missus Sally Lyons' house burning to the ground due to an offspring vampire spider infestation. The vampire spiders' Mother was later caught and taken out of the house then brought to a lab specializing on testing dangerous gonoids. This including making them become harmless after tests were done on them." 
He frowned to listen to the reporter showing a footage of the wreckage and then gesturing to a male wearing medical uniform of a doctor on his form while speaking "The vampire spiders' Mother what does she look like anyway?"
The doctor he assumed was the male's title was holding up a see through cage box showing a big spider inside that made him grimace seeing it. 
He listened to the doctor saying "The spider is what it looks like as the parent of the offspring vampire spiders."
He frowned eyeing the TV as the doctor was asked "How can this spider be the vampire spiders' creator even if it's a female? What about male spiders?"
Guardian heard "Only females mating with a male spider regardless of species can produce offspring that have vampire ability to suck blood. The offspring spiders suck blood to shed that vampire ability by growing a new body and don't have that ability with the new body's forms. They sucked enough blood from whatever source they could get and don't spare manoids of that sucking either. The vampire ability gets dropped for good after their new body is fully grown and shed."
Guardian continued to watch the TV finding the interview over and the news going to elsewhere. The weather report for West Allied state came on he listening to it thoroughly.
The news saying "The Mahalia nation's national holiday dubbed Mahalia Day is coming up in three suns. Mahalia Day has habitually marked the opening of tourist season for Mahalia natives in the island continent nation."
He frowned as the weatherman continued to talk "The weather is going to be perfect for the holiday for tourists to do their traveling. It's for a week as schools and major government businesses are closed for a week to honor Mahalia Day. The holiday is actually a week long holiday as proclaimed by a King back then. This happened after taking the nation's title position. This was reportedly proclaimed after the Brittany natives' monarchy rule was removed."
He sighed again from hearing that as the news continued to broadcast till "It's time of eight o'clock which we'll be back at eleven o'clock for furthering this news' broadcast." 
Guardian found a commercialized program for women's undergarments involved with highlighting their breasts' areas taking its place. He sighed and flicked the channels finding the other local news' channels had paid programs in them except for the weather channel. 
He heard "We are blaring news on the weather involving the Mahalia nation. The blaring is all over Mahalia island continent instead of focused onto West Allied state." 
He sighed and felt himself bored after watching the weather channel's blaring that line over and over instead of showing any weather related. He shut off the TV. Guardian placed the remote down onto the coffee table. He got up and looked around and figured that he'll do his stretching exercises. 
Guardian proceeded to do but got up awkwardly thinking "I'll avoid the karate and go to bed." 
Guardian went into the bedroom putting the keys on the dresser and sighed finding the light lamp in the darkness of the room having a window covered by a shade. 
He turned on the lamp and eyed the bed to find the blankets and sheets were folded at the foot instead of on the thing. Guardian with another sigh set the bed for sleeping in along with putting the pillow in pillowcase. He got himself on top of the bed which he leaned over and shut the lamp. 
He stared at the ceiling seemingly lengthy in the darkness till he felt himself tired enough to sleep shut his eyes and passed out unconscious. 

Guardian came to hearing the doorbell and alarm clock blaring its noises. He threw himself awake to sit on the bed and turned on the lamp to eye the time on the electronic alarm clock seeing it was six o'clock in the morning. He shut off the alarm and heard the doorbell continue on ringing. He got up grabbing his keys and darted towards the door to yank it open to find Rita standing on the steps that thrust in front of her a set of papers that looked like printed writing. 
She heard saying "Your chores your to do while you live here for free like anyone else living in this apartment." 
He frowned but opened the screen door and took the papers as Rita turned around and walked up the steps walking out of sight. 
He examined the papers finding it listed chores including a note said "You're indicated to do the yard work around the yard surrounding the house along with the items were from the shed in the backyard. You're expected to do the yard work period within a time frame for doing them." 
He sighed and put the papers on the coffee table and went to the kitchen to prepare a meal of cereal finding dishes in the cupboards and no pans indicating for stove work. 
Guardian found a microwave for cooking but nothing to indicate stove cooking. He ate the cereal the best he could then gulped down some milk from the carton and put the dishes away once cleaned in the sink due to not finding a dishwasher in sight. He went to his shoes and put them on then eyed the note to recall its contents fully.
Guardian groaned loudly to himself "Can't believe I'm roped into doing yard work again."
He left the apartment locking the door. Guardian went up the stairs to find the shed in the backyard of the fenced yard. Along with noticing that the yard looked like it needed mowing to him. 
He sighed thinking to himself "I recalled meeting Jack an older male the Landlord of the apartment building in Cairo. Jack some bald head Mahalian wearing a suit like a lawyer giving up the name of Jackson. He wound up insisting on being called Jack to me after we shook hands his grip tight onto my right hand. 
I recalled Jack during a visit to the apartment house roped me into doing yard work. I getting the lawnmower from the basement and mowing the lawn." 
Guardian mentally thought to himself "I recalled later Jack telling me 'Your rent would go down to five hundred pounds if you willingly did the yard work instead of paying six hundred pounds as original rent price.' 
I recalled telling him 'I agree I'll do the yard work. I request the necessary equipment for it.'
I got from Jack pointing to the basement door entrance to Ms. Lyons' apartment and adding 'You'll find the equipment inside.'
I found myself doing the yard work whenever it needed lawn mowing during the warm months. This included along with doing the shoveling of sidewalks and snow plowing the driveway during the cold snowy winter months." 
Guardian groaned of his thoughts and yanked open the shed door to find to his annoyance a push mower instead of an electric mower. He found several other tools that indicated muscle use to his disgust. 
He pulled out the push mower and he began mowing the lawn in the back yard. Guardian wound up finding the yard went around the side of the house. It was by the fence's indicating it that led to the front yard. The fence ended near the front door marking the boundary of the sidewalk to there. He mowed the entire lawn then once done felt himself weary.
Guardian felt himself still having strength hauled the push mower to the shed. He saw Olivia outside standing at the top step of his apartment. He cleared his throat loudly to see her look in his direction. He hauled the push mower towards her and stood frowning.
She spoke "I forgot one detail on the list of chores I gave you. It involves deposing the yard's garbage work. It's into the designated garbage can that is colored green. The garbage can is to be put on the front yard for garbage pick up every Tim's day each week. The garbage can is there."
He saw her point a finger in a direction. Guardian saw the garbage can sitting next to the fence. It was appearing to be on the large size and had a lid with the word yard scrawled on it in white. He sighed and didn't comment as Olivia lowered her pointing finger after he resumed looking at her. 
Olivia added "There's a major store in town called Terrio. The store is a good twenty minutes walking distance from here on Main Street. It sells various stuff including clothes that you can get for doing yard work and wearing every day. Go see about going there. 
They also sell food and some items related to it at a cheaper price than Seaman's grocery store. Seaman's grocery store focuses on selling only items for tourists to get whenever they travel through." 
He sighed again and spoke as Olivia gave him a glare "Seaman of that grocery store told me of a men's store called Lang-"
He was interrupted "That store sells clothes from the price of one thousand pounds and up. They won't accept you into there judging by the looks of you. They have only accepted males who dressed appropriately to shop in there and purchase items. 
Sometimes discounted for five hundred pounds depending on how nice the male's clothes are period."
Guardian groaned as Olivia spoke after a pause "Well get onto your yard work now." 
He watched her leave out of sight. He hauled the push mower into the shed. Guardian saw a shovel in there indicating for snowy weather along with bags of salt for ice. He found gloves for wearing for doing yard work put them on. He began cleaning up the yard of its messes left from the mowing. Guardian wound up trimming the bushes and cleaning up the fallen branches. He put the mess into the garbage can marked for it. 
Guardian felt himself relieved to be done put the gloves back into the shed. Guardian went inside his apartment to hit the bathroom intending to shower. He stripped himself of his clothes and showered thoroughly then came out to dry himself. 
He groaned eyeing his clothes. Guardian finding that they looked sweat stained to him. He put on along with his sneakers and grabbed the keys leaving the bathroom to head to the kitchen. 
He got some cereal from the box and ate a few mouthfuls of it then gulped down some milk from the carton. He left the apartment once done locking the door and walked out of the yard. Guardian went to the front yard finding Rita on the porch reading a book appearing to look like a romance novel by the couple in a clinch on it. 
He cleared his throat loudly finding that Olivia was no where in sight. Guardian waited as Rita looked up at him with an annoyed expression on her face. 
Guardian spoke "Your daughter Olivia told me of a store named Terrio where I can get necessity things and items. You care to direct me to the direction of where it is?"
He eyed Rita who jabbed a finger in a direction same direction of where he walked to the Seaman's grocery store. 
Guardian got from her "You'll find Main Street that direction. There's a big sign in the sky that indicates on where that store is. It's due to trying to get travelers traveling on the highway to the store. So go on and leave me in peace with my reading." 
He didn't comment a response as Rita resumed reading her book. He walked to Main Street in the direction she pointed to look up at the sky around the street repeatedly. 
Guardian found the sign for the store a billboard actually indicating it along with directions of where to go. Guardian wordlessly followed walking to find it was a large building next to a highway traveling near the docks. He finding himself relieved that he didn't have to cross the highway due to finding a covered caged walkway bridge overhead that had stairs. 
He went to the stairs to find an elevator nearby that had a sign saying "Elevator is monitored heavily for abuse use. It's only for emergencies. People who are contained in disabled status can use period."
He went up the stairs and found this seemed lengthy to him making him annoyed. The wind was felt blowing getting more harder as he reached the bridge to find the air was windy and cool to him. It made him walk on the area faster till he reached the stairs on the other side. 
Guardian went down them going to the parking lot of the store to notice the cars in the lot weren't many. 
He frowned thinking "I'm wondering if the store is open or not. I might as well go check." 
He went to the entrance to find its metal glass doors remained shut to notice the hours posted on it for summer months. 
He saw the store's sign saying "Store opens at ten o'clock in the morning sharp period along with police taking notice of loiters hanging around." 
He sighed and thought to himself "I think I need to buy a time piece to see what time it is."
He eyed the sky finding the sun wasn't high enough to indicate the ten o'clock time frame. 
Guardian went back to the bridge and leaned against the metal wire rimmed fence eyeing the traffic going by in opposite directions. He wound up seeing some cars get off the highway a good distance away and travel on a road to the store to park. He eyed some of the parked cars to see its drivers get out. He saw people wearing uniforms indicating the store workers getting out of their cars. Guardian watched the people going to the side of the building out of sight. 
He remained watching the scenery quite lengthy and cooled by the wind blowing till a dog barking loudly broke his thoughts. Guardian looked off his left to find a cop coming into view having a leash on a dog wearing some kind of clothing on its form that was barking loudly. He frowned eyeing the cop as the male shushed the dog by a verbal command unheard. 
The cop then reached him to speak loudly "Sir we have complaints of someone spying onto people from the bridge. They have fingered you as that person. So what do you have to say about that to your defense?"
Guardian spoke "Excuse me I just recently moved into town. It was after a disaster of a fire destroying my home and every single possession. I was told by the landlady Olivia of the apartment I'm staying in. It's on Dorrance Street. The store Terrio would have everything I need. I don't have a watch on me to tell what time it is. Hence I here waiting for the store to open at ten o'clock." 
He eyed the cop who glanced at his watch and then looked at him.
The cop spoke "The store won't be open in an hour's time frame. Its nine o'clock on my watch. So sorry you'll have to come back at a later time. Move along now or I'll arrest you for the ridiculous spying your appearing to do."
He groaned softly and without a word walked down the bridge sensing the cop following. Guardian took the stairwell route to sense the cop had stopped his following but was spying onto him by his familiar feeling hitting him. 
He figured thinking "I'll explore the town's stores and see what I could purchase." 
Guardian found the majority of them catered to tourists "Store open at eight o'clock." 
He saw that by the signs on their doors. He saw from the looks of them seemed to be focused onto tourists to buy souvenirs for taking home from visiting the town. 
He found a clothing store for tourists to buy summer wear clothes. Guardian went inside and explored it. Guardian wound up finding that the clothes were geared towards anyone willing to wear it even if they were male or female. Guardian found three sizes for the clothes that indicated baby wear, kids and adults only.
Guardian frowned but figured that he'll buy some of the clothes. He wound up picking up an adult sized t-shirt that had Beach City labeled on it. He wound up finding it the same with shorts. He grimaced inwardly due to finding the prices seemed to indicate it catered towards a rich tourist bracket. Guardian took the clothes to the cash register. 
Guardian wound up finding an older woman there wearing touristy clothes on her form. 
She spoke "Greetings stranger the name is Tricia your sales clerk of this store Beach City. You find what you like hmm?"
He gave a head bob as she held up a familiar computer pad after ranging up his clothes. He got his hand print onto it and heard the familiar beep before removing his hand and picked up the bag holding his clothes.
Tricia he assumed was her name continued speaking "Be seeing you around Sir." 
He heard a faint giggle from her as he frowned to give her another head bob. 
Guardian then walked out of the store he figured "I'll go home then put the clothes on my form before shopping at Terrio's. It's due to that my sweat stained clothes would cause the employees of the store to kick me out. I think my sweat stains wound up making me look sick actually." 
He walked home to arrive at the house to find Rita still on the porch reading her book. 
He heard "Oops should have told you the hours of Terrio. Or you wouldn't have to buy from that ridiculous touristy store Beach City. Their prices for clothes are outrageous anyway." 
Guardian sighed and found that Rita was still reading her book.
Guardian thought to himself "She must have glanced at me before speaking her comment, Bloody Hades for not telling me at first." 
He went inside his apartment to head towards the bedroom dumping the clothes from the bag. 
Guardian wound up dumping his tank top and shorts onto the floor leaving him clad in his underwear. He put on the touristy clothes finding it was on the large size for the t-shirt. The shorts were feeling like sliding off of him each time he walked. He groaned and dumped the shorts and exchanged them for his original shorts putting them on. That along with leaving the clothes piled onto the floor near the door to the laundry room. 
Guardian figured "I'll buy detergent from Terrio to wash them including my original clothes." 
Guardian eyed the time on the alarm clock. He finding it was almost ten o'clock. 
He thought to himself "I'll go out and go to the store which would be open by the time I arrived there." 
Guardian walked out of the apartment to meet Olivia on the top of the steps looking annoyed.
Olivia spoke seeing him "There you are. I wish you would get a calendar for telling what the date is. Today was garbage day. You should have put the yard garbage on the front lawn instead of leaving it in the back yard. 
Now you have to dump all that stuff across the street into the forest. 
I don't want gonoids making a nest out of the mess in the yard garbage can despite them able to get inside it. So move it with the dumping now." 
He groaned softly to go to the garbage can finding it had wheels. Guardian pulled the garbage can out of the yard. He wound up sensing Olivia following by his familiar sense blaring. He heard a door slam once leaving the fenced area and passed the door to her house on the side. 
Guardian looked to find the road clear of traffic. He went across the street finding a two wire fence blocking his way of gaining entrance to the forest. He saw wooden posts with the fence wires wrapped around them. Guardian hauled the garbage can over the fence dumping its contents into the forest seeing it wasn't that vast. That the forest had a beach peeking between trees in his eyesight. He hauled the garbage can across the street again finding no traffic. Guardian brought the garbage can back into the backyard putting it back in its spot. 
He sighed finding Olivia back at the top of his steps with arms folded. He went up to her with a questioning look on his face who thrust him a rolled piece of paper that appeared to be multiple papers rolled together he took. He found it was a monthly calendar after examination.
He got told what it was from Olivia mentioning "The calendar started at Octavia this cycle. It ends at Desiree next cycle. Today the date is Octavia twenty nine. 
Please use it to tell the date and whenever to do garbage duty. The day for garbage hauling is always on Tim's days in the summer months but changes to Man's days during the winter season. The day for garbage hauling in winter is mostly the day after Man's day if the weather was bad." 
He didn't comment a response as Olivia walked off after giving him her talk. 
Guardian went inside the apartment and found a hook on a cupboard for hanging the calendar. He put on there opened to the present cycle. 
Guardian wound up thinking "Olivia is right. Calendar indicates it's starting at Octavia the lunar month."
Guardian found a pen attached that indicated it was for crossing off dates. He found dates crossed off except Octavia twenty nine. 
He sighed and walked out of the apartment after locking the door to again find Olivia at the top of the steps with arms folded making him gulp seeing the glare on her face. He eyed Olivia as he went up the stairs to stand next to her.
She spoke he heard "I received a visit from our residence Gonoid Unit cop Trooper Frankie and his dog Bixler. 
Trooper Frankie wound up telling me that you were caught spying onto the natives from on the bridge to the Terrio store. This was as complained by people noticing you there lengthy." 
He sighed and spoke "Excuse me I didn't have a watch to tell the time for knowing when the store Terrio would open at ten o'clock. I thought I would stay on the bridge and wait for the store to open. Should I have done something else?"
He eyed Olivia who gave him a narrowed eyed glare before speaking "You should have gone to the parking lot. Waited till an employee arrived to ask what time it was before doing something else to pass the time. 
You should be doing that instead of standing on the bridge waiting for the store to open. 
Trooper Frankie told me he'll arrest you next time he finds you spying there again. That along with hitting me a high price hundred pound currency sum as your landlord. 
Don't do that spying again or I'll kick you out on a permanent basis. 
You get it my words Mister Beers?"
He frowned to give her a head bob as Olivia walked off jabbing a finger in his direction. Guardian saw her going out of sight hearing the fence's door bang shut with a loud slam along with a faint door slam sounded. 
He sighed and figured "I'll go to the Terrio store to buy some items." 
Guardian added "The store is open and would be open by the time I arrived there." 
He left the yard to hit the front yard to hear from the porch "Hold on a minute Mister Beers." 
Guardian turned to eye Rita who appeared to laugh quietly before stopping her laughing manner as he gave her a glare of accusation on his face and eyes.
Rita he glared at spoke ignoring his glare "Mister Beers I must warn you that Olivia has a reputation to hold in town among the natives despite her expectant status happening at the moment. Her reputation is that she takes in people into her home or apartment for free to live there. 
The people who live here wound up to work on gaining what they need to live independently. As in getting back on their feet from them suffering a disaster of losing everything they own. 
She harbors people like you to get what they need back from the disaster. Such as helping them save money to help them live in a dwelling elsewhere than in the Beach City town. 
She expects people who live with her in the house and in the apartment to behave appropriately around town. That includes treating people appropriately in a manner she expects them to do it. 
I warn you that Olivia has despite her expectant status has managed to kick out people successfully. People who didn't do what were expected of them each time they did something that weren't up to her standards. 
Just be warned that those people have wound up jailed for a time period. That along with not accepted back into residence once the jail sentence was up. 
Just be warned of that Mister Beers." 
He opened his mouth to speak only to see Rita resume reading her book. Guardian saw that Rita appeared to be engrossed in it despite him clearing his throat repeatedly. 
He sighed and walked away. 
Guardian thought to himself "Bloody Hades to Rita! I'll go to the Terrio store and buy what I needed to get from there." 
He took the bridge route to the store finding the cop Trooper Frankie and dog Bixler weren't in sight to his relief. 
He walked across in the wind to reach the other end to find the parking lot was filled up with cars. Guardian maneuvered around going into the store finding people walking out along with escorted by an employee carrying their packages. He noticing employees were doing the carrying for women wearing high heeled shoes and looking snobby to him by their faces aimed at the air baring their nostrils. He ignored them to go inside the store. 
Guardian wound up finding the store had three levels for various items on everything he would need to live at the apartment. That including clothes which he selected some Summerland and Winterland geared clothes. Some underwear in packages for lasting two weeks, including a bathing suit short, a watch for telling time, shoes for wearing in the seasons' change over of Summerland to Winterland. This included finding laundry detergent to put it in a carriage and pushed it to the cashier to wait in line. 
He waited seemingly lengthy as he noticed at the front of the line was a young teenaged female looking annoyed. Guardian saw that the cashier looked annoyed to him. He saw another employee wearing a suit arrive into view talking to the teenager on something who stormed off in an angry mood without any purchases taken with her. The cashier he saw handed the suited male a two piece bathing suit that looked like it didn't give off coverage to him who walked away. 
Guardian found the line went smoothly till it was his turn. He found that the cashier didn't seem to protest to his remark of paying by hand print. Guardian found his order was obeyed finding everything accepted for purchase and bagged into paper bags with handles on them. He carried out of the store finding he would have to walk home. That was due to not having a vehicle for carrying his purchases. 
Guardian sighed as he reached the stairs to the bridge and slowly lumbered up them taking his time. He reached the bridge to walk on it slowly due to feeling himself needing to walk slow. He slow walked to the bridge's other set of stairs and took it down and slow. 
Guardian slow walked himself home. At the apartment he had to put down the bags to unlock the fence and his front door. He hauled everything inside and put the clothes in the bedroom near the laundry room door along with checking the bags for any spiders getting into or onto them. He found nothing to indicate that put them away in the kitchen cupboards. 
He put the shoe wear next to the front door. Guardian with a groan went to sit down on the couch to turn on the TV after grabbing the remote. He checked the time on the wristwatch to find it was noon. 
Guardian sighed to eye the TV to find two of the news' programs were airing paid programming. The third had local news broadcasts. He watched the news' broadcast entirely for a full hour. 
Guardian finding himself bored with the program due to repeating already broadcasted news every fifteen minutes that involved the West Allied state. 
He always finding the news including one, blurb news on his Father the current King "The King, his wife, daughter and grandson are currently taking residence in a private island. Their all currently out of the country at the moment which was for the Mahalia Day week holiday. His leaving was early instead of waiting till October thirty first as traditionally done for people to start their week holiday." 
He sighed with a loud groan to figure to himself "Octavia is Samira speak for October. Desiree must be speak for December. "
Guardian continued to sit watching the news' broadcast till thirty minutes passed noon is when his stomach growled of hunger. He finding himself hungry which he found the news' program off air and gone to a paid programming. 
He switched channels to another news' channel that wasn't airing paid programming. He raised the volume quite a bit and got up going to the kitchen keeping an ear out for the news' broadcast. 
He cooked a prepared meal in the microwave he thinking "Bloody Hades, I don't have a stove for cooking!" 
He felt his hunger take hold once the microwave was done cooking and quit his thought. 
Guardian grabbed the food out and grabbed a fork from a drawer and began ravenously eating the food not caring that it was slightly hot for him. He ate everything and dumped the tray into a cupboard's garbage can. Guardian washed the fork before going to the refrigerator to take out the milk carton and gulped down several swallows. He then put the milk back inside before going to the TV to watch the news for the weather report. He rewarded to find it coming on. 
Guardian listened paying attention to the TV thoroughly. 
He listened to the talking "The weather for the upcoming Mahalia Day holiday week is going to be sunny for travelers and tourists to visit various spots in West Allied state." 
Guardian frowned as they added "There's some slight rain at high elevations but isn't sure if the rain would turn into a rainstorm or not. Computer models are all over the place on that." 
He frowned as he found the news' broadcast was only thirty minutes long. The broadcast had again a blurb about his Father and family. 
He sighed once the news ended finding a paid program. He switched the TV to the weather channel and lowered the volume eyeing the monitor. 
Guardian listened to them talking "There's a slight no rain drought hitting some of the states on the southwestern part of Mahalia continent including West Allied state at the moment. There's rainy weather predicted to arrive to hit the area but we aren't sure if it'll be enough rain or form into some rainstorm to cause havoc. Computer models are all over the place and not accurate at the moment." 
He sighed and felt himself tired shut the TV off. Guardian leaned back in the couch shutting his eyes only to hear the doorbell ringing. He eyed the time finding that he had only slept for ten minutes. Guardian felt himself much better rested. He went to the door yanking it open to find Olivia at the top of the steps making him confused as to how she rang his doorbell. Guardian frowned to see her hold a remote control in her hand while having arms folded. He eyed her warily as he got up the steps and stood next to her.
She he eyed at spoke "There's rules involving use of the laundry machines and time frames of when you can use them. 
You can use them anytime after nine o'clock in the morning Women's days. You can't use them after seven o'clock in the evening Woman's days either. You can't use the laundry machines on a Man's End Day."
Guardian translated "Women's Days is weekdays while Man's End Day is weekend."
He paid attention towards Olivia who kept on speaking ignoring him thinking "That's when I set my time frame for myself and the house's inhabitants to do the laundry chore. 
You're responsible for your own laundry detergent. You're responsible for getting your own clothes out of the laundry machines along with attending to them too.
I have a rule of throwing out clothes found abandoned in the laundry machines after a certain time period has passed for them to be taken out. It doesn't matter if it's being washed or dried.
The washer machine takes thirty five minutes and the dryer takes an hour.
So remember that time frame and remember what I said about clothes found in them after a certain time period has passed. And no I'm not going to tell you what that time period is going to be. For you not abandon your clothes in the machines.
That's all see you around."
He watched her leave went inside the apartment and eyed his watch and calendar finding it was a weekday. He figured he'll do the laundry chore which he proceeded to do. 
Guardian wound up finding the laundry took him two loads to wash and dry all of his clothes omitting the ones he was wearing. He put the clothes away in the dressers and closet once done. 
Guardian put the laundry detergent on the floor of the closet. 
He figured out "If I left that laundry detergent in the laundry room it'll be used without my permission. Besides Olivia would have a hissy angry fit about that." 
He sighed and went in the middle of the living room to do his stretching exercises keeping him limber as always. That along with swinging himself up to proceed to do his Karate exercises and drills involved in the exercise. 
Guardian wound up feeling himself a bit annoyed as he thought while doing his Kata "I wound up earning the rank of red belt. I feel more annoyed having another rank to go before getting the black belt. There was no way of getting further teaching in the discipline to get the black belt." 
He recalled "My Mother raiser used the name of Verona to people but always omitting the last name when introduced to them. She was always using the name of Guard Beers when introducing me to people. 
She has habitually from time to time using the name of Guardian to me. Along with as drilled for me to use as a nickname but she never used that name in people's presences instead referred me as Guard." 
He continued to recall "When I was ten cycled old is when Verona I guess I'll call her enrolled me into karate while living in Victoria State. It's the residence state of where the Mahalia nation's ruler the King lived. It was for whenever taking residence in the island continent. 
I took karate classes and reached the belt of red once turning seventeen along with some teaching involving getting a two colored belt. Karate wound up stopped after Verona passed away due to unable to pay for the lessons to continue the teaching." 
Guardian continued his karate finding himself still doing the lessons he learned perfect to his standards along with his movement group dubbed a Kata for red belt. 
He felt frustration hitting him "I'm frustrated on not knowing what the Kata for two colored belt was. I could only do some complicated kicking movements involving twisting the body into acrobatic moves.
I recalled I was learning on doing that Kata from the sensei aka teacher of karate as they were referred just prior to Verona's death. 
I'm feeling further annoyed for I wound up finding that I was still was unable to get karate lessons for furthering my karate. 
The lessons were enough to gain the desired black belt and register in the state's registry for all black belts to do. That was just to give proof of able to teach others karate something that was very strongly frowned upon for belt ranks below black to do period." 
He finished his Kata with a hand fisted and other hand covering his palm then bowed. 
Guardian went to the TV finding it was still set for the weather channel. The two local news' channels were all showing paid programs after flicking via remote. He felt himself annoyed with the TV shut it off and eyed his watch finding it was still early for dinner time. He grabbed his keys and walked out of the apartment locking the door. 
Guardian felt the heat hitting but wasn’t that boiling to him due to a light wind blowing. He walked around the house going to the porch to find Rita sitting in a lawn chair still engrossed in her book who ignored him sitting next to her. He sat in the lawn chair with arms folded eyeing the scenery outside along with counting cars driving by that seemed few and far between till the front door banged open. 
Olivia's voice was heard loudly "Ma! Ditch that book and come inside. Help me get stuff from the attic for the spare bedroom. 
My contact in the Samira group called. Contact said that their sending some female unsure of her age or who she is actually to take residence here. So help me get everything ready before she arrives by four o'clock this afternoon." 
He eyed Rita who gave up a loud groaning sound to shut the book after folding a page and got up him watching her and went inside the house still carrying it in her hands. 
He eyed Olivia standing on the porch screen door open by her form who added "I expect you to behave yourself around this female. There will absolutely be no hanky panky behavior of targeting her for mating period. Keep your hands to yourself you hear or I'll kick you out get it?"
He gave a head bob as she gave off disgust sound and went inside screen door slamming with a bang sound. He remained seated on the porch lengthy while glancing at his watch for the four o'clock time frame. 
Guardian kept up the glancing till an hour passed is when the door to the house slammed again. He looked to find Rita walking out looking like she was tired and saw her slump into the lawn chair hand still holding her book. She, Guardian saw, appeared to shut her eyes which he figured that she was taking a nap. 
He looked away glancing at the scenery lengthy till a car came into the driveway. It appearing to be twin to the male Samira's vehicle that drove him to Olivia's house stopped. A male got out wearing Samira clothes who frowned visibly seeing him seated there. He sighed and leaned over towards Rita who was still asleep and gently shook her arm getting her awake. 
Rita wound up sputtering he hearing "I don't want to be waken so let me sleep." 
She gave him a glare after he shook her awake further and he pointed a finger in the direction of the car and the Samira standing next to it. 
He eyed Rita who sighed loudly and then heard her speaking "I’m Rita, Olivia's Mother. Are you here to drop off the female someone in the Samira group told my daughter of?"
He eyed the male who without a word yanked open the back passenger door and then went to the trunk. Guardian saw a female got out wearing a Samira dress. He saw she had his black hair in a longer length and a facial appearance that reminded him of someone that avoided meeting his eyes. That despite seeing them green colored who stood next to the car as the male Samira came into view hauling a suitcase up to the house. The male left the suitcase on the porch before going back to the female and whispering to her then got inside the car and drove it away. He eyed the female warily who refused to meet his eyes instead slow walked up to the house.
She was met by Rita who loudly spoke "Dear, the name is Rita mother of the landlady Olivia who lives here. Don't mind Guard Beers sitting on the porch staring at you who lives in a basement apartment of the house. Must be hormones talking hence he staring. You care to tell me your name Missy?"
He eyed the female who appeared to talk but was mumbling her words too quiet for him to hear. Rita got her inside the house along with hauling in the suitcase with them silently not commenting anything towards him or her in response. 
He frowned as he checked his watch to find it was after four o'clock. 
Guardian figured "I'll go to my apartment to spend the rest of the day there." 
He proceeded to do going inside turning on the TV to watch the weather report.
They were saying "We're debating on rainy weather predicted to hit the southwestern part of the continent nation. We're debating on what kind of rainy weather it'll be either just regular rain scattered rain or a monsoon rainstorm like." 
He sighed finding himself bored with the program's debate among the weather forecasters talking about the rainy weather while still debating about it till his doorbell rang loudly. He shut off the TV and went to the apartment's entrance to find Olivia at the steps.
She was holding a remote in her hand who spoke loudly "Your mail as addressed to you.
You're to get from the marked mailbox saying basement at the end of the driveway. 
That after I or some house resident does some mail sorting and dumps them in that mailbox. Its your responsibly to get the mail period within a time frame or it's thrown out in the garbage. 
It doesn't matter if its trash pick up day or not."
He sighed and spoke as Olivia continued to glare at him "The mailboxes, would they be in front of the sidewalk off the driveway's left?"
He eyed her as she gave him a head bob and jabbed a finger in their direction. Guardian without a comment walked out of the yard sensing her following him. Guardian wound up to sense the following stop once he passed the house's side entrance hearing the door slam shut. 
Guardian bypassed two parked sedans in the driveway to find the mailboxes were where he asked them to be. He went to them to find them in rows of three with one having the Dorrance Street name on it and number twenty nine on it at one end. 
He found the one in the middle had the word guest on it and the last one had the word basement on it. He sighed and opened the basement labeled mailbox. 
Guardian looked to find the mailbox was filled with various junk mail of coupons for stores. He sorted through while walking to the fence again bypassing the cars. 
Guardian found one appeared to be from a lawyer group Visser and Law Associates on its return address. 
He recalling "Visser and Law Associates was the group Jack worked for as the landlord representative of the apartment building I lived in. Wonder what they want now?" 
He found the house's trashcan sitting next to the wall near the side entrance. 
Guardian threw out the coupons and found another piece of mail addressed to basement renter from a post office address in Victoria State in handwriting that seemed feminine. 
He frowned as he opened the Visser and Law Associates' mail to find a letter stating "We are returning the security deposit Trick Party Group paid for you to live at the apartment house. The money is going back to Trick Party Group along with awarding you a one thousand pound currency compensation for the lost of your home. The money awarding was due to the house suffering a spider infestation and burned down by firefighters. It was state law issues for people having twin situations as you went through." 
He sighed and continued to read "You're issued to bring this letter to Victoria bank anywhere in Mahalia nation. It's to get the funds of one thousand pound currency money set aside to be transferred into your account within a time period which is the end of this cycle period." 
He discovered that the old cycle ended in two lunar months for him to do that transfer. He sighed and went inside the yard going into his apartment locking the door. 
Guardian placed the lawyer group letter in a couch dresser drawer then yanked open the Victoria state letter to get a picture falling out. He picked up and discovered it was the female he and Rita met before both women went into the house. 
He found the letter in handwriting "I'm counting on you to protect Helene as she's dubbed.
Helene is in some witness protection program from some male named Kevin Oran. 
Kevin Oran is reportedly was her ex-husband that was beating her along with flaunting her as the Queen's second daughter to the public. The flaunting was due to her looks via face were twin to the Queen's in some scams to cheat people out of their money. 
People were already scammed of their monies and aren't happy with that." 
He continued to read the letter detailing "I'm expecting you to keep Helene safe from her ex-husband reportedly out on bail. Kevin didn't show up for a scheduled court case which police are currently searching for the male. The police got Helene herself into the witness protection program. 
Kevin Oran was turned into the police by her making an anonymous phone call to them. It was to check him out which happened and the police are fearing for her safety." 
He kept reading the letter added "Kevin Oran during his jailed status somehow found out that Helene was the one who turned him to the police. Kevin has been overheard swearing dangerous threats of killing her in people's presences and that she brought up the divorce. He's still contesting the divorce at the moment despite a judge declaring them divorced the male is repeatedly denying that at the moment." 
He frowned finding the letter didn't end with a name but with the words "A concerned Mother."
Guardian frowned to put the letter and picture into his couch dresser's drawer along with the lawyer letter included too. He eyed the time and felt himself hungry for dinner went to the kitchen and proceeded to cook a microwave meal of macaroni and cheese.
The food was due to feeling like eating it. He again ate out of the tray with a fork once it was done cooking. Guardian not caring that it was quite hot for his taste due to feeling too hungry to bother protesting. He put the tray into the garbage bin and washed and dried the fork then went to drink some milk out of the carton taking multiple gulps. Guardian finding himself terribly thirsty which he once done eyed the milk carton. 
He frowned to find it was less than halfway full for its big size. 
Guardian thought "I'll go buy some more milk the next day." 
He continued to think "Olivia would have a fit if she heard of me traveling around town at night. Something single people were frowned on doing very strongly alone." 
He sighed and went to the TV turning it on to the local news' channel finding it was minutes before the news would come on. Guardian eyed the TV watching the paid program for girls' toy jewelry making him bored till the program came on. 
Guardian watched the local news entirely. Guardian finding the local news was repeating some of its broadcasted news he saw at noon from five o'clock to five thirty boring him. 
They started airing something new "There's a rumor that the King and family members weren't really vacationing at his private island but instead at a hospital unknown. 
The rumor is reportedly said to be on the continent specialized for children focused onto his grandson that seemed to indicate a medical problem. The rumor hasn't specialized on what the problem is for a three month old to require a hospital stay which could be anything."
He groaned loudly hearing the news' broadcast on his Father and talking about his nephew. 
This including the news' reporters talking "A doctor of a local children's hospital was asked on what medical conditions could affect a three month old that would require a hospital stay." 
He heard various medical conditions involving the doctor's answer. 
Then heard "There's one involved the heart organ due to having children born with heart problems coming into the hospital for surgeries to fix the problem. The age for the surgery to fix the problem right away was around three months old. It was due to how obvious the heart organ was affecting the child enough to require surgery for it despite not displaying any signs of distress before the age of three months was reached." 
He sighed as the reporters finished their talk about the doctor. 
The reporters Guardian heard were saying "We're still debating on whether the weather will be a rainstorm or just regular scattered rain that has been hitting the area. We're pretty sure the rain will not cure of the drought going on at the moment like what happened nearly every cycles at each monthly time of the cycle in West Allied State." 
He sighed again and heard the doorbell ringing loudly shut off the TV putting the remote down onto the coffee table. Guardian went to the front door to find Olivia at the top of the steps with arms folded a glare on her face. 
He sighed and left his door open while leaving the screen door shut. Guardian went up the stairs to stand next to her with a frown on his face.
Guardian eyed Olivia warily "I'm told you received a document detailing what my newest resident's purpose of living here so confirm that." 
He spoke "I have received such a document labeling her as Helene in case you want to know what name used. 
There was a picture of her included appearing to be from her Mother despite a name omitted on the letter. 
The letter's wording hinted to me on having to expects me to help keep things safe around here as my duty as a male to provide that safety issue." 
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Olivia who gave up a loud Hmph sound before adding "Anything you can provide this safety issue for a female to acquire?"
He spoke "I have kept up practiced training in combative art called karate with belt rank of red since I was seventeen. There is another belt I have to acquire before I can acquire the black belt the highest rank. Then declare myself a black belt and register via state law to teach karate. 
I haven't been able to get any further karate training since my raiser passed away when I was seventeen. Courts declared me a legal adult at that age. I'm currently aged twenty six at the moment. 
I'm still struggling to find a karate school I can afford on my pension from working at a company."
He kept talking as Olivia made no motion to talk "I'm also am struggling to get my diploma. For me to qualify for jobs that require a high school diploma at community colleges that have tuition I can afford. Just to take classes for diploma's related subjects. 
I was taking one class at Western Community College at night time during the fall semester for three years in classes required for getting a diploma. 
During the time I was working till they stopped having night classes. I already competed about three of the five required classes for that college. I haven't have any luck on getting enough money saved for tuition for the remainder classes. That and money saved for someone to drive me to and from my residence due to not having my license and a vehicle. 
This was due to unfortunate circumstances involving me having to pay things out of my savings." 
Guardian clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Olivia and folded his arms as she spoke "That scar on your arm would that have something to do with not able to save money? It looks like some kind of healed serious injury to me." 
Guardian sighed and spoke "I broke a bone in my arm that went through the skin during a spinner disaster back then. That wound up nearly paralyzing my left hand due to nerves cut. I'm unable to write with that hand despite favoring it for writing. 
I had to pay for some surgical medical expenses and rehab work done onto the area. That involved not having the proper documentation for medical insurance reasons hence I paying for this. 
I also was laid off from my job after the disaster. I was given some kind of money pension that doesn’t pay me much. It's on where I can live in a dwelling without assistance on the rent payments. 
I managed to save up enough money for a class at Western including a driver. 
Unfortunately some departed cop willed a bat cat hybrid for me to take care of months before the state passed a law saying that such gonoids like it weren't to be kept as pets. I wound up having to blow that saved money onto that gonoid's care and medical expenses.
I was not willing to contest the willed document's order in court which would leave me in debt of lawyer's fees. I took care of that gonoid for two full lunar months till a crisis hit my home. It's when the vet informed me of the passed state law is when I gave up the gonoid in their care."
Guardian paused to see Olivia's eyes narrow with suspicion in them and frowned as he continued speaking "I did receive a document from the landlord saying I was compensated a money amount. I had to bring that paper to the named bank before the old cycle is over with as the deadline just to get funds transferred."
He clamped his mouth shut as Olivia spoke "The bank that was named what was it?"
He sighed and spoke "Victoria bank." 
Guardian frowned eyeing Olivia who gave up a loud Hmph sound and spoke "The nearest Victoria bank branch I know of is in an hour's drive from Beach City. It's in the town of West Alia. I'll see if Ma can give you a ride to there on Saturday. 
She's expected to drive me to the Terrio store. I can purchase the necessity items for me and my house guests like I always expect her to do every Saturday period." 
He gave a head bob in response as she walked away going around the house. He went back inside the apartment shutting and locking the doors. 
Guardian eyed his wrist watch finding that he missed fifteen minutes of the news' broadcasts. He switched on the TV and sat on the couch listening to the news. 
He frowned as the news kept blabbing "The King and family is having a medical crisis related to his nephew. It was rumored reportedly said by some source within the King's circle. The source that was leaking secret information about the King and family for money amounts. The leaking was to a tabloid focused on trashing royal families ruling the Mahalia nation and allied islands underneath the King's rule." 
Guardian sighed listening to that program finding it was old news of them repeating "The King has fathered a son through an actress still not identified to this day. That along with not publicity flaunting the son to the public as people hoped despite him reportedly an adult age at the moment. It included debates on if he should be the heir to the throne instead of the grandson born through the King's oldest child a daughter." 
Guardian found himself bored listening to the news' reporters talk "We debate on who's should take the King's crown after the King is unable to rule. We debate whether if the title should go to the son the King fathered or the grandson recently born through the daughter three months back." 
Guardian groaned hearing that the debate was old news to him. The debate made him feel bored due to that people were always in a dead heat battle on that debate with no side appearing to win it. From hearing the debate on the news and from hearing it from town's folk in Cairo in his presence debating the issue. He sighed and leaned back in the couch eyes staring at the ceiling. 
Guardian continued to hear the debate raging on the TV that seemed to get heated quite a bit. 
The debate quit after cutting to another reporter he heard interrupting the argument "The weather for the upcoming rainstorm isn't good despite still that computer models were all over the place. That on whether the upcoming rain would produce enough rain to end the drought or give some rain just to fill in some bodies of water. The rain to keep them up for people to get something to drink after it's purified." 
He sighed again to focus onto the TV "This is Kevin Oran." 
The TV he saw wound up showing a picture of a male looking bald with brown eyes and saying "The police are searching for this male Kevin Oran for not showing up for a scheduled dated court appearance. The police mentioned this was after bonding himself out of jail via money used from scamming various people out of their money fortunes. The police were still trying to recover the rest of the money reportedly in a low million pound amount after getting the banks to freeze his assets. Kevin wouldn't have use of the currency after he bonded himself out of jail. Kevin hasn't been seen in the Georgina, West Allied state capital area since his freed status. There were rumored sightings of him traveling via highway in a car vehicle that was reportedly stolen. The sightings were said to be all over the place in the state. It's making the cops suspicious that he had some money set aside and paid people to tell the cops these leads to throw them off his trail." 
He continued to listen to the news' reporter talking "The cops have recently at a previous news' broadcast issued a one hundred thousand currency pound award for the capture of Kevin Oran. This broadcasted status has brought too many calls to the station of people claiming to have captured the fugitive. The calls have turned out to be scam attempts to gain the money. 
It was due to how poor the state's economy is going with the clean up from the spinner disaster awhile back. The cleanup still ongoing reportedly in a high million pound mark. That included a drought hitting at the moment that is causing havoc with farming food nourishments and livestock to live off the ground's nourishments." 
He felt himself bored with the news eyed the time finding it was still not time for the news to end. 
Guardian continued to listen to it absent mildly while staring at the ceiling only glancing at the TV whenever something caught his ears making him want to view it. 
He kept it up till he heard "It's eight o'clock. It's when we'll quit for the time being before coming back on at eleven o'clock." 
Guardian shut off the TV and thought "I figured that I'll go do some stretching of limber exercises and then go to bed." 
He proceeded to stretch his limber exercises. Guardian stretched finding himself still limber as ever. 
Since he started the exercises as a seventeen taking a gym class for after high school and kept up the practice to himself after a full cycle of taking the class. 
He once done heard the doorbell ringing groaned and eyed his watch finding it was nine o'clock in the evening dark time. 
Guardian peered through the peephole finding no one there and the light off which confused him. 
He recalled "Bloody Hades, the doorbell got to be the door to the laundry room!" 
Guardian darted towards the door yanking it open to find Rita there who looked relieved to see him. 
He frowned eyeing Rita who spoke "Olivia wanted me to see if you were home or not but since your home I can go tell her that." 
He spoke as Rita made a motion to leave "Excuse me but where's the doorbell involved with this door anyway?"
He eyed her as she pointed out the doorbell. 
She spoke "Olivia expects you to be in residence no later than eight o'clock at night. It's for safety issues involving people targeting tourists wandering around town after that hour. 
She also expects you to still be in residence till after seven o'clock in the morning. That time is when you can leave to do what you need to do around town. 
I do warn you that Olivia's curfew is related to the safety of a female guest. She named Helene that is currently in the witness protection program. It's due to a criminal matter of a criminal targeting her in some deathly way hence the curfew to keep things safe here." 
He sighed and gave a head bob as Rita left him going up the stairs passed the laundry machines. He shut the door to the apartment and locked it. 
Guardian figured "I'll leave the door unlocked in case the ladies needed to get through my apartment for safety reasons which I'll proceed to do." 
He wandered to the living room to take a look around eyeing the apartment's contents finding nothing to amuse him. Guardian wound up not finding any books in vicinity for him to read. He wandered into the bedroom eyeing the alarm clock and went to it setting it to go off at seven o'clock in the morning. 
He then stripped himself of his clothes and underwear leaving him naked in the room. Guardian still holding onto his dirty clothes going to put them on the floor near the laundry room door when the door opened showing Helene looking shocked to see him. He covered his sensitive part with his clothes thrust in front of it in a fast move.
Guardian spoke "That's not why I left the door unlocked Miss Helene." 
Guardian narrowed his eyes aimed at Helene who spoke loudly looking not so shocked but amused "Sorry didn't realize." 
He eyed her as she backed up still ogling him making his senses blare warning. She shut the door with a gentle slam which he threw his clothes in a pile near the door. 
Guardian went to put on a pair of shorts set aside for him to sleep in while glaring at the door. 
He fumed to himself "Bloody Hades, Helene turned me off with her intrusion. Her reaction towards seeing my muscular body is making me think something else is going on with her." 
Guardian went to his bed after waving a hand fisted aimed at the laundry door and shut off the lamp after getting on top of the blankets. He feeling himself tensed up to sleep so he laid on the bed staring at the ceiling seemingly lengthy. 
He felt himself able to sleep shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Guardian came to hearing the door to his apartment leading to the laundry room opening along with seeing a bit of a flashlight that shut itself off once the door to the room was shut. He lay still listening keeping his breathing regular. Guardian listened as there were sounds of another person in the room breathing loudly.
He heard "Bloody Hades, he had to leave the lights off."
He sensed the voice belonged to Helene as she was detected to make her way towards his bed. He reached over towards the lamp and turned it on. 
Guardian eyed Helene standing near the foot wearing some slinky bathrobe that was short baring her legs. He saw a frown expression on her face that turned to amusement as she disrobed the bathrobe baring herself towards him. 
He sighed figuring out "Bloody Hades, she wants to have a mating ritual. What the Bloody Hades is she up to with that?" 
He narrowed his eyes eyeing her in the eyes with a glare. 
Helene spoke "Well don't you want to play with me hmm?"
Guardian heard her voice tone that sounded little girl like and put him off from the mood. He got up from the bed and went to the foot going to Helene thrusting her bathrobe back on covering her form in a fast move. 
He wound up snarling loudly while gripping her shoulders "Talk Helene on your actual feelings towards Kevin Oran. You're not acting like you're scared of him instead acting like your trying to make him jealous." 
He released his hands on her shoulders as Helene's face turned into a glaring expression.
She heard speaking "You should have agreed with this mating ritual for I'll make your life miserable if you don't go along with it. Believe me who'll believe me when I say that you're targeting me for forced mating?"
He glared at Helene despite she using an angry voice tone and using a Republic State accent to him. 
Guardian went to sit at the bed and spoke firmly "Tell me the actual story involving Kevin Oran. I'll do what you want since its obvious he's more than just an ex-husband out targeting you to death." 
He kept up the glare and stripped himself of the shorts tossing them aside off the bed on the right. Guardian folded his arms while clearing his throat ignoring his naked status while noticing Helene ogling him. 
He covered his sensitive part after she stared at it too long to his annoyance with a blanket while again clearing his throat loudly and speaking "Helene talk!"
Guardian glared at Helene who smirked then shook her head before she spoke "Alright Kevin Oran is my ex-husband actually. I brought up the divorce which he's still contesting at the moment due to some obsession of wanting me as his period. 
He was a faithful husband agreeing to go along with whatever I said. 
That involved scamming people out of their money with evidence linking him as the mastermind behind that when it was me actually. 
I had my face with the right amount of prosthetics attached altered to look like the Queen's. So I would be passed off as the second daughter as flaunted to the public in scams to get people's money. 
I'm surprised that the Queen hasn't done anything to correct this situation at the moment. That despite me flaunted all over West Allied state as her second daughter. 
So excuse me while I disrobe and you better not be doing any resisting to this." 
He didn't comment a response adjusted his position till he was completely lying down on the bed with hands behind his head while removing the blanket off of him. He found Helene again ogling him not sparing his sensitive part making himself annoyed.
Guardian cleared his throat as he eyed her who wound up removing the bathrobe off her form to drop it onto the floor. He eyed her body not sparing her privates to make him think she was surgically altered to him. Her naked body he saw made him think it was altered by surgery work by the size of her breasts that looked on the big size to him. 
He kept his eyes onto her as he heard "Anna Kremenova hit the floor or I'll taser you out!"
He frowned to see a shocked expression on Helene's face as she obeyed to find two cops coming from the laundry room entrance to arrest her. The cops he saw two of them both getting her back into her bathrobe and reading her rights. 
She, Guardian saw was giving him a glare as they led her out of his bedroom out of sight. He got up and picked up his pajama shorts putting them on. 
He heard a door knocking sound on his door to the laundry room to find another cop there that spoke "Excuse me there's items in your apartment I have to retrieve so allow me to do this." 
Guardian wordlessly sat on the bed and eyed the cop going to the corner of the bedroom to open a hidden door showing a camera device in the wall to his surprised. The cop taking the recorder entirely out revealing an electric panel in its place which the door was closed shut completely. 
He spotted a small hole in the wall that looked too large to be a nail hole. He eyed the cop who took the camera device and left his apartment through the laundry room entrance. The cop shutting the door and heard its lock click in place.
He figured "That policeman must have locked the door to indicate everything is fine now." 
He groaned and eyed the time finding it was eleven o'clock in the evening leaned over towards the lamp and shut it off plunging the room in darkness. Guardian laid his form down on the bed eyeing the ceiling as the alarm clock's numbered time glowed red. He eyed till eleven thirty came and he forced himself to shut his eyes sleeping till the doorbell rang loudly as the alarm clock blared its siren waking him up. 
He groaned eyeing the laundry room door while hearing the doorbell to recognize its tone was indicating Olivia at the top of the steps outside his apartment .He thrust on a tank top and sandals and darted towards the apartment's entrance as the doorbell rang again. 
Guardian yanked opened the door to find the female landlady standing at the steps with arms folded her familiar remote in her hand. He groaned and darted up the steps to stand near her.
She spoke "Excuse me for waking you up. I've managed to rope my Ma into driving the both of us to West Alia. For me to shop and you to get some money transferred right away today. 
I believe that banks like government offices are closed during the Mahalia Day holiday week. I expect you to be ready at eight o'clock in an hour's time frame. 
You're to wait outside for us on the porch. I expect that traffic is going to be quite backed up taking more than an hour's time frame to get to West Alia. 
People are reportedly according to the local news, starting their holiday today, a day early, to copy the King to do it. So move it with getting ready now." 
He didn't comment a response darted inside the apartment shutting both doors. Guardian went to hit the bathroom tossing aside his clothes onto the sink counter and showered thoroughly as he could. He then dried himself then went into the bedroom carrying his clothes he put on the bed leaving it unmade. 
He took out a pair of underwear, a pair of jeans and a dressy t-shirt in color blue along with putting on his socks and sneakers. That despite not wearing socks with his shoes. He grabbed his keys hooking them onto the hook on his jeans. 
Guardian then went into the kitchen to cook a microwave meal. 
That was due to thinking "It'll be hours before my next meal." 
He ate after the microwave finished cooked. 
He drank the rest of his milk and thought "I better go buy some more once I get the chance." 
He went to the couch's dresser drawer and yanked out the paper involving the Visser and Law Associates' group. Guardian wound up folding the paper as many times as he could before putting it in his front pocket. He found his wrist watch still attached to his wrist and eyed it to see it was waterproof. 
He thought to himself "I recalled showering while wearing the wristwatch due to forgetting to take it off. Lucky me the wristwatch is still working by the looks of it." 
He eyed the time finding that he had almost thirty minutes to show up on the porch. 
He went to the TV and turned it on to the local news' channel he watched last night. Guardian waited for the weather report. 
Only to find them talking "There's a female scam artist named Anna Kremenova going around as the Queen's second daughter. Anna Kremenova was heavily spied on and investigated as ordered by the King. The spying was to catch her in the act in doing something lawbreaking just so there'll be an excuse of arresting her. There was such a lawbreaking act was caught on recorder and Anna Kremenova was arrested and charged." 
He frowned listening to the news talking "Kevin Oran turned himself in Merryville's police station early this morning. This happened after the arrest of Anna Kremenova his ex-wife was broadcasted as breaking news last night during our eleven o'clock broadcast." 
Guardian sighed and eyed the time on his wristwatch and figured "I'll go out and wait for Rita and Olivia to arrive while waiting on the porch." 
He turned off the TV and left the apartment locking the door and went around the house going to the front porch to sit. 
Guardian found Rita there in a lawn chair reading her familiar book.
Rita spoke not looking up to see him "Olivia will be along soon once she's sure she has everything she needs for the long drive."
He frowned but wordlessly sat down on the lawn chair to see a big tote bag next to Rita's chair. Rita continued reading which he sat lengthy while eyeing his watch to find ten minutes to eight o'clock arrived. He heard the front door banged shut which he looked to see Olivia locking the door with a key. Guardian watched as Olivia put the key into her large tote bag.
She speaking "Ma I'm ready so let's get this over with now." 
He got up and eyed Rita who put aside her book in the tote bag and hauled it to one of the sedans. He saw was a family wagon by its size and saw her get inside the driver's seat. 
He frowned as Olivia ordered "You're to get in the passenger's seat in the front. I'm sitting in the back seat. Not much room to accommodate this bowling ball." 
She he saw got inside in the back seat which he obeyed to sit in the front buckling up his seatbelt. Guardian stared out the window as Rita started up the car by giving verbal commands to it. He eyed scenery out the window as Rita backed the car out of the driveway driving it through Dorrance Street to get to Main Street and driving a route to the highway. 
Guardian kept his eyes out the window hearing silence from both women. He looked to see Rita appeared to be concentrating on driving by her glaring expression. He saw Olivia he peered at behind him was busy reading a book from the cover's title involved pregnancies and babies' first year after being born. He sighed and resumed staring out the window till traffic got bumper to bumper. 
He heard Rita give off "Bloody Hades, exit off's ahead but this traffic isn't letting me through to get off as fast as I wanted. Its going to take a bit before I reach the exit to get off." 
He kept his eyes onto the traffic ahead of him to find a police car parked in a lane leading towards a roadway ramp. 
Guardian heard from Rita again "Bloody Hades, the accident is on the exit route. I have to take another route to get to West Alia. This is going to take awhile." 
He heard nothing from Olivia only glanced at her to see she was still reading her book. Guardian saw that Olivia had appeared to have gotten further into the book by the amount of pages. He frowned inwardly to eye out the window as the traffic bumper to bumper went pass the exit ramp and resumed its slow crawl. Then they reached another exit ramp which he found Rita slowly driving the car onto it following bumper to bumper other cars with others following behind them. 
Guardian sighed again as Rita got the car down the ramp to an intersection which he saw a town name for Merryville. The name making him grimace and recognized some of the buildings spared of the spinner storm in vicinity. He continued to grimace as Rita drove the car through Merryville even passed the Trick's new building on the main road. 
She he saw was taking back roads passed farms saying town names in some of them. 
Guardian then felt relieved to see West Alia's town name as they entered the city. He finding the town's looks was twin to Cairo judging by the looks of it as Rita parked the car in a lot of a major grocery store chain.
He sighed as Rita spoke loudly "Ok Olivia we're here in West Alia in front of the grocery store. I figured that they must have a bathroom for you so get out and see about that." 
He twisted to find Olivia unbuckling her seatbelt and getting out of the car hauling her bag. Guardian noticed her stuffing her book into the bag on the way and walking in a fast move towards the grocery store while avoiding cars in the vicinity. 
He frowned as he eyed Rita who spoke "A pity that the baby has settled on her bladder making her want to go to the bathroom too many times. She can't seem to get rid of that feeling. Olivia can't seem to get the baby to move out of position hence she dubbing it bowling ball. Its position is due to that the baby is nearly in position for birth which will happen once it's obvious that she's finished carrying it." 
He frowned eyeing Rita to speak "How far along is she actually?"
Guardian frowned as Rita spoke looking at him "Olivia's predicted to be due in two weeks actually despite the doctor unsure of when's she's due. Olivia reportedly found out too late that she was pregnant hence the doctor unsure of when her due date is. She's reportedly predicted to have a week to go before she falls into the sleeping coma for pregnant women to undergo in their last week of pregnancy. This happens before they wake up and give birth to the baby naturally."
He spoke "Oh which gender is it actually?"
He frowned as Rita spoke "Actually sonar sound tests haven't been accurate on pinpointing the gender. The sonar sound has been having problems with scanning for the baby's gender like what happens to any woman pregnant. So the baby's gender will be a surprise once she has the baby on which one it'll be. 
Olivia is hoping for a girl due to wanting to pass down Irina a name on my side of the family that came from Lavinia one of nations in the Republics' of Tsar during the rebellion of the natives of Romany. 
My ancestors escaped being blackmailed into fighting in that war and came to Mahalia for sanctuary and haven't left since. Don't you dare mention that to anyone or whoever asks about me. 
There's one descendant family left from that war that are still carrying on that blackmail scheme according to contacts in Lavinia. They blame my family for the Romany losing the war to the Tsarina at the time and her forces. 
That family has reportedly put out some high death bounty on descendants of my ancestors with heads of the person's body brought to that family with proof of them being a descendant documented." 
He spoke as Rita gave him a glare "I'll keep my mouth shut as you wish." 
Guardian frowned as Rita spoke again still glaring at him "Actually I'm sharing this with you. I'm still awaiting test results on a lump taken out of my breast. I warn you that breast cancer as its called has taken out two sisters, both siblings of mine that were older than me. 
I don't have anyone else other than my daughter Olivia to hold my hand while I fight this situation if it turns out to be cancer. 
My sisters' two children each, each have indicated through contact via mail that they immigrated to elsewhere. There's no knowledge of where they went included in their last letter they sent me. I haven't received any letters since but postcards addressed to my post office address with no writing included in them. 
All the postcards have come from the Columbia continent that seemed like their living all over the place. This has happened six months every week till they stopped coming is which is when it was during winter season here. 
I haven't received another postcard since. I would love to find out what's going on with the postcards or if my nephews and nieces are safe for now." 
He frowned to give her a head bob as Rita added groaning loudly "Looks like the grocery store included books due to Olivia carrying a bag in hand."
He looked to see Olivia come into view with a paper bag in hand that appeared to look heavy as he heard from Rita "Olivia inherited my love of books and always buys dozens of them if any store is selling them period." 
Guardian didn't comment a response as Olivia got to the car and got inside. He peered at her she ignoring him looking. 
Olivia he spied spoke while buckling on her seatbelt "Victoria bank, Ma and step on it. Mister Beers has business there." 
He stopped his peering to look out the window as Rita started up the car and drove out of the parking lot. 
Guardian saw Rita wound up driving to the Victoria bank he finding it a building separated from other buildings and didn't look impressive towards him. 
He frowned as Rita parked in the lot and spoke "Here you go Mister Beers."
Guardian got out of the car and went inside the bank to wait in line. Once it was his turn he showed the teller the letter who narrowed her eyes. 
The teller spoke "Proof of ID to prove this transfer?"
He groaned and spoke "Do I need an ID card for this? I wasn't made aware of needing one for this." 
He frowned as the bank teller handed him the letter and spoke "Get an ID card shown and I'll make the transfer." 
Guardian walked out fuming "I'm furious to hearing that from the teller." 
Guardian wound up to get inside Rita's car and spoke to her clearing her throat "I need an ID card to prove my business with the bank. I don't have an ID card at the moment and would need to get one as soon as possible." 
He heard from Olivia "Hit the Motor Vehicle building Ma. See if he can get one from there." 
Guardian didn't say a word as Rita started the car and drove it to the Motor Vehicle building.
Rita spoke towards him once parked "I warn you that the lines for ID is going to be lengthy. That's due to teenagers trying to get drivers' licenses once they turn sixteen despite no experience with driving yet." 
He didn't say a word instead walked inside. Guardian walked out two hours later carrying his ID card in his side pocket.
Guardian spoke towards Rita once in the car "I got the ID card but it's for not driving a car. I don't have any driving school education or experience with a car to drive or to do this." 
Guardian eyed Rita who gave up a disgust sound and drove the car back to Victoria bank. He walked inside to stand in line and waited as his turn was called to feel relieved to get a different bank officer this time. 
Guardian got a young male which he wordlessly handed the ID card and letter to the man. He frowned seeing a big frown form on the male's face who picked up the phone and had a whispered talk on it words not heard.
The male put the phone down and cleared his throat speaking "This is going to take a bit before I get this cleared. So please go sit and wait till one of us comes up to you and tells you everything is in order."
He obeyed after handed back his ID which he pocketed. Guardian found an armchair in the room which he sat down eyes onto the bank tellers processing people. He glanced at the doorway to spot two cops come into the bank he groaning loudly. 
Guardian thought to himself "The bank teller has called the cops instead of doing my bank request as requested." 
The cops he saw were seen going into the manager's office going inside before walking out one pocketing a piece of paper. They were seen heading towards him while pulling out handcuffs in a beeline. Guardian groaned softly as the cops arrived at him and arrested him along with proceeding to pat him down and reading him his rights. Then they wound up pushing him and yanking him outside to the cop car parked out there. 
He looked out the window to spot Rita's car parked in the vicinity along with her in the car looking annoyed to seeing him arrested. 
The cops drove the car to the police precinct which he was brought inside and fingerprinted along with picture taken. Guardian felt annoyance take hold as he was then brought to a jail cell and freed from handcuffs and pushed inside. 
Guardian went to the bed and sat seemingly lengthy while glancing out the window to find nighttime had arrived. 
A female cop arrived and ordered "You out! You're to follow me!" 
He obeyed. 
Guardian followed the female going to the front of the precinct to find Rita's car parked on the curb and ordered "You get inside now!" 
Guardian obeyed after handed back his ID card and his keys and not his paper for the bank transfer to his annoyance. 
He heard Rita give up "Bloody Hades towards bank tellers for not being smart!" 
Rita he saw drove the car away instead of commenting anything further.
He frowned to speak loudly as she drove the car through the town "What's going on with the arrest anyway?"
He heard from Olivia loudly "Actually the Victoria bank thought you were trying to scam them out of money. Hence they having you arrested and thrown in jail instead of consulting the group that authorized the transfer in the first place. 
Your money has been transferred as authorized after Ma went inside the bank to tell off the bank teller on that scam joke. She tells me she told them to consult the group that had authorized the transfer. 
It took two hours of waiting for the bank to do what she told them due to stalling on not doing it at first. Then they actually did that and found out it wasn’t a scam but actual fact. 
Anyway the police took too long to release you from their clutches. They were trying to run a background check onto you in case you were actually a criminal. 
You weren't but they released you anyway." 
He didn't comment a response got a tap on his shoulder looked at Olivia who thrust him a fast food diner labeled bag smelling of food making his stomach rumble. He took and gobbled up the cheeseburger and fries and gulped down the milk. Guardian feeling himself ravenous which he sighed once done. 
He leaned back in the seat and eyed out the window finding it open and found the night air seemed cool instead of warm. He kept an eye out as Rita drove the car to Beach City while meeting few traffic on the way. 
They pulled into the driveway of the house. 
He groaned of relief to get out hearing Olivia speaking "Guard, dump that food bag into the garbage on your way to the apartment. We're getting inside by the front door." 
He didn't comment a response obeyed to dump the bag in the garbage. 
Guardian took the yard route to his apartment finding the light over the door turn on illuminating the pale moonlight to his relief. He found a masked Coon in the yard near the steps that darted away. He went down the steps finding nothing amiss with them. 
Guardian let himself inside the apartment locking both doors behind him along with turning on the living room lights to eye his apartment finding nothing amiss in it. He sighed and went into his bedroom stripping himself of his clothes and put on his designated pajama shorts. He seeing the time was around midnight. 
He sighed and laid his form down on the bed stomach on it and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Guardian came to come to hearing a doorbell ringing quite loudly. He woke up eyeing the time seeing it was eight o'clock in the morning. Groaning he rolled over again hearing the doorbell finding it came from the laundry room. He got up and went to the door yanking it open to stare at Rita with an annoyed expression on his face. 
Rita he glared at spoke "Excuse me but the back yard needs some work done. Such as trees and bushes need to be trimmed. The weather reporters have made up their minds and said that we'll be hit with a rainstorm. That prediction is said despite claiming that their computer models all over the place so get on with the yard work now." 
He slammed the door in response only to hear the doorbell ringing yanked it open to find Rita still there. 
She gave him a glare who spoke "Don't give Olivia an excuse to kick you out. That's from your still not on your feet yet." 
He didn't say a word instead gave a head bob in response and shut the door gently locking it. Guardian went to his clothes exchanging for a tank top and shorts and put on his socks and sneakers. 
He went to the kitchen to eat a meal finding he had two days supply of meals left. He groaned and without a comment walked out of the apartment leaving the doors unlocked but shut. 
He went to the shed and got to work clipping the bushes and the trees in vicinity. As well as he could think that would cause havoc if they broke off to fly around by the winds a rainstorm would bring. He once done went around the fenced yard examining it for anything involving Coons to find a freshly dug hole. 
Guardian filled it back in with dirt and rocks he found littering another area of the yard. He sighed once done to go back inside his apartment to lock the doors. Guardian went into the bathroom to shower after removing his clothes. He showered thoroughly then dried himself. Guardian then walked into his bedroom to pick out a fresh pair of underwear, socks, shorts and a t-shirt having Beach City labeled it. 
He picked up his keys from the dresser in the living room hooking it to his shorts. 
Guardian went to the refrigerator to find himself thirsty which he gulped down the rest of his milk. He finding himself finishing the milk and tossed it in the garbage can. He put on his sneakers and walked out of the apartment to meet Olivia coming into view that did a double take look seeing him. 
He spoke to her "Excuse me. I was on my way to Terrio store to grocery shop for some food. What else can I do for you hmm?"
He eyed Olivia who frowned and spoke "I was coming by to tell you this. My Ma is going to the Terrio store on my asking. It's by driving me. I came to see if you wanted to come along." 
He spoke "Fine I'll come along. At least I can stock up on groceries. I don't have to worry about hauling them home. The food wound up getting bad from the summer weather."
Guardian eyed Olivia who spoke "Fine go to the porch and wait for us there. I need to get my purse ready." 
He didn't comment a response followed Olivia out of the yard to see her go inside the side entrance. He went to the porch and sat in a lawn chair eyes on the forest seemingly lengthy. 
Guardian felt his familiar senses blare warning abruptly that alerted him of someone watching him from a hiding spot. He looked around with his eyes finding no one in the vicinity. 
Guardian looked off his left on the sidewalk to find no one there. He felt drawn to look at below Rita's car to spot a pair of cat's eyes sitting there. He groaned and got up going to the car kneeling to peer underneath. Guardian found the cat had darted out and was on the sidewalk he saw was all orange colored. He went to the cat that darted away across the street going into the forest. 
Guardian resumed going to sit down on the lawn chair to again get his senses of being watched blared again. He eyed the cars to sense the watcher wasn't there but from the forest. He figured the watching came from the cat watching him. 
Guardian eyed the forest warily as the front door banged was heard which he got up seeing Rita walk out alone looking upset. 
Guardian spoke "Olivia what's going on with her?"
Guardian eyed Rita who spoke after shaking her head in a no gesture "I have to call the hospital to send someone to monitor Olivia. I found her lying on the bed unresponsive to my noises. I figured that she's fallen into the coma related to her pregnancy. Excuse me. She can't be moved due to her sleeping status would kill her or the baby if she's moved. I'm afraid our trip to Terrio will have to wait while I go call the hospital. Excuse me again." 
He watched her go inside which he resumed sitting in the lawn chair. Guardian again feel the familiar watching sensation as sirens were heard loudly followed by an emergency vehicle arriving parking itself at the curb. Guardian saw a male wearing a doctor's uniform came out of the van's back carrying a bag and going up to him that formed a shocked expression on his face before composing himself.
The male spoke sounding firm "Olivia Madison where is she?"
He spoke "Excuse me." 
Guardian went to the door and rang the doorbell repeatedly till Rita arrived looking upset. He jabbed a finger aimed at the doctor he assumed was the male. 
Rita spoke "Excuse me for not being outside waiting for you. I'll lead you in to attend to my daughter." 
He watched as the doctor walked inside the house following Rita as the emergency vehicle he saw drove off with sirens stopping. 
Guardian again got the familiar watching sense blaring to peer at the forest again to see nothing out of ordinary. He sighed and figured that he'll go shop for some food at the Seaman grocery store. 
He found Rita walking out sobbing loudly and going to sit at a lawn chair still crying away while burying her face into a handkerchief. He eyed Rita who kept her crying seemingly lengthy before she cleared her throat and rubbed her watery eyes with the cloth. 
She looked at him before speaking "Sorry just lost it. My daughter is currently in the coma related to her pregnancy at the moment. The doctor will be staying with me to monitor Olivia till its obvious time for the baby to be born. The doctor calling himself Hammad Ashar says that the baby's birth can happen in a week's time frame. He claims that by judging by his scans on his medical devices. He's not sure of how long Olivia will be in her coma for the baby to be born. 
Doctor Ashar warns me that my daughter's coma might be permanent with the baby pushed out naturally by her own body doing it. She, he claims, will be remaining asleep for an unknown time period. 
He did say that it has taken some women about six lunar cycled months the earliest for them to wake up from their coma once they already birthed the baby. 
He's not sure of the long term actually. Oh well."
Guardian sighed and spoke "Do you want me to stay home and hang around or go do something?"
He eyed Rita who spoke "Guard, just go do something and leave me to my thoughts now. Go take a walk if you want but make it a lengthy walk. I like to be alone for awhile." 
He didn't comment a response to Rita using his first name as he got up and walked off the porch. 
Guardian wound up going to the sidewalk thinking "I'll go to Seaman's grocery store to buy some groceries due to how short the walk it was to there." 
He found his feet as if compelled leading him to the bridge to Terrio while feeling senses blaring warning unexpectedly. Guardian found nothing to his mind to explain the compulsion. 
He felt himself annoyed as the compulsion stopped walking to again feel the compulsion to go into the store. Guardian obeyed to wander around the store exploring it entirely to find it was partially a grocery store. 
He grabbed a cart and went to get some groceries due to thinking "I'll buy some for three days supply." 
He found himself nearly overfilling the cart to his annoyance as if compelled. Guardian grabbing random items from the aisles he finding some of the food had nothing to do with his eating habits. He finding the food seemed for adults on a bad diet. 
He again found himself going to the cashier buying the food and lugging the cloth bags. By five a hand by handles up the bridge's stairs himself finding he had to rest repeatedly. He reached the top and walked across the bridge reaching the stairs down. 
Guardian lugged the bags to the house and rang the doorbell as if compelled. Guardian found the senses quit their blaring to his relief.
He thinking to himself "Some ghostly spirit took hold of me to buy food for the doctor and Rita along with myself." 
He eyed the bags on the porch resting his arms as Rita arrived gasping loudly seeing him and the bags of food. 
He spoke "Bought out what I think you ate and the doctor eats as well. That including what I eat."
Guardian got no response from Rita who held open the door and gestured him to go inside which he obeyed. He finding a living room having a fireplace and a set of stairs going up on his left and eyed her. She led him to the kitchen through the living room to the dining room he saw appeared to be a bedroom having Olivia on the bed asleep. 
Guardian saw the doctor nearby seated reading a book that appeared to have a night sky on its cover. 
He followed Rita into the large kitchen to find a door leading towards outside on the side of the house.
She spoke "I'll help you take what you eat into a bag for you so excuse me while I go get it." 
He eyed her after putting the bags on the floor as she opened a bottom cupboard and yanked out a cloth bag appearing to be on the large side. She handed the bag towards him which he proceeded to take out his nourishment stuffing it into it. Rita, he saw stood watching him doing it. He found that he had two days worth of nourishment supply. He took the bag full of food out the side entrance. 
Guardian went into the yard going to his apartment to find a cat seated on the top steps. The cat looked like the gonoid he saw hiding underneath Rita's car that was washing its paw and bringing it to its ear. 
He thinking "Cat's bathing itself. I wonder where it came from anyway." 
He frowned eyeing the cat that stopped its bath to look at him before darting into the bushes in the yard out of sight.
He sighed and went inside the apartment after manipulating the doors and locking it behind him. Guardian went to the kitchen and put away the nourishment. He felt himself terribly hungry got out a microwave meal and cooked it thoroughly then gobbled it up along with drinking from the milk carton. 
He felt himself tired went to the couch and leaned back shutting his eyes passing out to come to hearing the doorbell ringing. It's ringing sounding of coming from the laundry room. Guardian got up and went to there to find Rita there looking like she was shocked judging by the expression on her face. 
He stared at her as Rita spoke "Guard, how did you know what foods to buy for both me and the doctor? You got everything on our lists."
He sighed and spoke "I don't think you're going to believe me. I went to Terrio as if compelled. I wound up getting nourishment as if possessed by some spirit on what to buy. This possession stopped once I was at your residence to ring the doorbell." 
He frowned eyeing Rita who sighed loudly.
She, he heard, spoke "I think it was a sign from Olivia saying that she'll be alright. I asked for a sign from Olivia. Just after you left just to show that she'll be alright from her coma. I think she's going to be fine so I can rest easy from that." 
Guardian didn't comment a response as Rita hugged him abruptly before letting go of him. He saw her go up the stairs which he shut the door to his apartment locking it. He went to the living room to sit turning on the TV. 
Guardian figured to himself "It's time for the local news' broadcasts from glancing at my watch seeing it was noon." 
He sat eyeing the TV after turning it on with a remote. 
Guardian found the news' reporters declaring "The upcoming predicted rain is actually going to be a rainstorm predicted to hit Southwestern Mahalia. We aren't sure of the severity of the rainstorm it'll be or whether it'll involve a thunderstorm or anything worse than that." 
He groaned hearing the news' talk on that. 
They, he heard, started broadcasting local state news talking "Anna Kremenova has a court appearance for scamming people out of their money today. The cops has reportedly said they have a confession from her being the mastermind instead of her ex-husband. The ex-husband was pointed as the one doing this scamming. His crime is being obsessed in wanting her as his. Kevin Oran was said to assaulting her if she didn't agree with his demands of mating which she had some injuries from it as reported." 
He continued to listen to the news started talking "It's reportedly rumored the King's grandson is in some children's hospital having surgery for a heart condition." 
Guardian heard them mention "There's another rumor saying that it was actually tests for an undiagnosed medical condition. That involved his growth and responses to stimulation around him being slow and not acknowledged for a three month old." 
He sighed again hearing that as the news continued "It's rumored that the three month old still not shown to the public and unnamed to this day's Mother Olga is her name was drinking alcoholic drinks during her pregnancy. That was due to an addiction which caused side effects to the baby while she carried him hence he at the hospital getting checked out along with the medical issues fixed up."
Guardian groaned to felt a compulsion to walk out of the apartment. He found himself doing it after shutting off the TV and locking his doors with his keys. 
Guardian found himself going to the mailbox to the one labeled basement to find a postcard from Elizabethan Island nation where his Father's private island was. 
It included with wording on it saying "Hit the town's green's gazebo immediately once receiving this. Bring this with you. Excuse the smokers there." 
He obeyed finding the town's green was across the street from Seaman's grocery store. 
Guardian found the gazebo in the middle of the greenery area had one smoker an older male wearing a blue business suit with a blue tie and a white top peeking out smoking away. He went to sit down inside the gazebo next to the male who gave off a cough sound.
The smoker speaking "Sorry I can't quit this habit. It's from being very stressed out about the affairs of your Father actually."
Guardian didn't comment a response spoke "Local news is blaring all sorts of junk about my nephew having medical issues. What's going on?"
He eyed the male he saw was his Father's hidden representative given up the name of Warwick to him at meetings.
Warwick spoke after a puff of smoking "Your sister reportedly drank during her pregnancy. That despite attempts by your parents to get her to stop due to an addiction habit caused her son to be born with some facial deformed status. The doctor told your Father to wait till it was obvious he was strong enough to withstand the surgery and its drugs related to it. 
The nephew is currently having that surgery done now. Your Father wasn't willing to wait for him to be declared fit enough to survive it. 
Stubborn man anyway." 
Guardian frowned hearing that from Warwick as he spoke "The leaked rumors going around as broadcasted by the news?"
He eyed Warwick who went to the trash can's ash tray stubbing out the cigarette and went back to sitting next to him.
Warwick spoke "The leaked news was based by someone who reportedly had some angry feeling towards your sister for some kind of rejection done. This someone was pointed out as currently the one doing the leaks at the moment that has been caught doing it. 
Leaks been plugged for now. 
Your Father I believe will be addressing those rumors once the holiday week is over with once officials are back to meet again."
He spoke "You know of anyone having people spying on me at my residence?"
He eyed Warwick that chuckled a soft laugh and then spoke "Like Father like son. You appeared to have inherited what makes your Father seemingly knowing whenever someone is spying onto him from some hidden status. 
That spying was put in place to see if you would get the communication for a meeting. 
So I would be there waiting for you. I've been waiting for several hours for your arrival actually. I have nothing else to report. Other than telling you that your Father hates the legal name your Mother raiser used to hide you from the public. 
She was reportedly trying to communicate about you to him repeatedly over the years with communication ignored."
Guardian spoke as Warwick got up from the bench "What about my other sister hiding somewhere? Any chance I could meet her?"
Guardian eyed Warwick who cleared his throat and spoke "That sister in question is currently living in your residence. We're unsure if she knows about you or her Mother raiser knows either. Good day sir." 
Guardian felt himself shocked with Warwick's words as the male walked out of the gazebo out of his line of sight. He sat frowning staring at the gazebo's wooden floor till footsteps sounded on there. 
Guardian looked up to find two teenagers a male and a female get inside acting like they didn't see him and get kissy faced by kissing each other on the lips repeatedly making him upset with that. 
Guardian mentally thought to himself "Can't I have a female to be paired with out of loneliness?"
He recalled himself "I kept trying to date Trudy out of loneliness who told me 'Sorry I just got out of a divorce. I'm not looking for anyone at the moment. I'll let you know when I'm ready to date.'"
Guardian recalled fully "Trudy till the house's bombing by the firemen always brought up her divorce comment as a way of rejecting my efforts to date her every time. It always annoyed me when she didn't object to me spying onto her getting out of her car from working a night shift to get inside the building. 
I recalled always hearing Trudy giving off a faint giggling sound each time she sensed me staring at her." 
Guardian got a glare from the male teen as he broke off his thoughts. He sighed as the teens broke off their kissing and jabbed fingers aimed at him and towards the gazebo's entrance. They he saw were giving him glaring expressions.
He groaned softly still glared at and quietly walked out of the gazebo going to Olivia's house to find Rita again on the porch seated reading her familiar book. 
He went to the lawn chair and cleared his throat speaking loudly "How's Olivia doing anyway?"
He eyed Rita who looked up from reading with a finger marking where she was on the page who spoke "She's still the same with no change at the moment. The doctor says it'll take a full week's time before any changes will be noticed. 
Enough on his scanners to register when it's time for the baby to be born or she safe to wake up by medically means for manipulating her to the hospital. He still wants to stay with her in case the baby comes out by itself. 
He claims to having cases of that happening before and the Mother waking up from the birth a week later by medicinal use." 
Guardian groaned loudly hearing Rita's words as she added "Yes I felt impatience for this to get over with hence I outside reading my book. Its helping me with my mood due to it’s a very good book at the moment, excuse me." 
He eyed Rita who resumed reading her book. He looked away finding the watching sense stopped. 
Guardian found the familiar cat on the sidewalk in view washing its tail from the looks of it. He eyed the cat to see it was entirely orange colored with a pink nose and yellow eyes. 
Guardian frowned eyeing the cat that continued its bath till it stopped to stare at him back. He looked down edging his face to face the ground while adjusting his eyes to again eye the cat. The cat resumed its licking before getting onto the ground and rubbing its back on the sidewalk and stretching full length. 
He figured "The cat's a male judging by what I saw indicating its male status." 
He eyed the cat he figured "I'll call him Greenie for finding it underneath Rita's green family wagon vehicle." 
He eyed Greenie that stopped his stretching and back rubbing on the sidewalk. He watched as Greenie got up darting across the street going through the break of the fence and out of sight through the bushes. 
Guardian sighed and eyed Rita that was still reading her book. 
Guardian eyed his watch finding it was still mid afternoon at the moment as the sunlight became dimmer. Guardian got up and looked at the sky finding the clouds were scattering in the sky and repeatedly covering the sun as they traveled blown by the wind. He sighed finding that they appeared to look white not indicating of rain to him to his relief. 
Guardian without a comment towards Rita figured "I'll go back to the town's stores. I figured that I'll find a bookstore to find something worth reading. I aim to try the Terrio store if there wasn't any good books to be bought." 
He left Rita reading her book and dumped the postcard into the trash can after ripping it up fully. Then after that walked to the town checking out stores fully finding some were involving restaurants and themed restaurant food such as ice cream but didn't find a bookstore. 
He sighed and eyed the sky finding the sun was low. Guardian found the time on his watch indicate it was near his dinner time. 
He thought "It's near dinner time for me. I'll go to Terrio the next day." 
He walked home in a fast speed walk due to not wanting to miss his dinner time. Guardian arrived at the house to find Rita gone from the porch but the front door was shut along with the screen door. 
He went to the yard to again find Greenie sitting on his haunches at the top steps. The cat gave off a meow sound before darting away into the bushes out of sight. He sighed and figured that Greenie must have gotten inside through the Coon's digging entrance. Guardian finding the hole was again dug and big enough for a cat to get through.
Guardian groaned and without a comment went inside the apartment to hear the doorbell to the laundry room's door go off. He locked the door and deposed his keys and darted through to the bedroom going to the door yanking it open. 
Guardian frowned seeing Rita there that spoke "Have you seen this orange male cat dubbed Bob hanging around the house's grounds?"
He spoke "I saw Bob in the yard that went to hide in the bushes. Is he yours?"
Guardian eyed Rita who spoke "Actually Bob belongs to the town's Mayor's Mother. She habitually let's him out for the day and then brought inside for the night. 
He hasn't been seen around her home at night very much hence she a little worried about him. There's signs of crocogators have been seen near the beach of the lake which this forest is bordering it."
He sighed and spoke as Rita stopped talking to frown "Fence has a hole indicating it's big enough for a cat to crawl underneath it. It was originally made by a coon I caught in the yard before it scampered off. I managed to fill in the hole. 
Bob as he's called must have dug the hole big enough to get access to the yard. Hence I keep seeing him at the top steps leading to the apartment."
Guardian stopped talking to frown as Rita spoke "Interesting that he's hanging around here. The Mayor Kim Lords has reportedly found signs of dogs loose in her neighborhood. 
She keeps seeing them unleashed by their owners while out walking at various hours of the day and night. That's whenever she's out walking with her own dog leashed. 
She's not happy that the town's people are ignoring an ordinance of having dogs' leashed period. 
The Mayor has gone up to the people to tell them of the rule who admit of being out of town visiting for the Mahalia Day holiday week. They also claim to didn't know of the rule. 
She keeps finding those people have appeared to ignore her lectures of leashing their dogs. Them repeatedly seen letting their dogs wander without a leash on. 
Besides I figured out why Bob is nesting in the backyard. It's to avoid those wandering dogs. 
Missus Lords caught a couple having trapped a cat in a tree with their dog off leash barking at it. The couple not doing anything to call off their dog from scaring that trapped cat in question. 
Missus Lords had to call the cops to get the couple fined some two hundred dollar amount for having the dog off leash. That along with calling gonoid control to get the cat out of the tree who is currently at the pound awaiting adoption in Georgina."
He spoke "I'm surprised that Missus Lords didn't adopt the cat herself or have her Mother keep it." 
He frowned as Rita sighed loudly before speaking "Missus Lords in question has a young son that is allergic to cats. He's not so allergic to dogs hence they having a dog as a pet.
Missus Lords' Mother could have adopted the cat but she has fears of adopting too many cats. This adoption would cause her to hoard the cats due to seeing that from her own Mother when she was being raised. This caused her Mother to be institutionalized and later died in the asylum. 
Missus Lords' Mother known as Granny Kim currently lives in a bungalow house on Walnut Street that is near the beach. Her house is no kidding is near a beach that isn't known to have crocogators in it. It's due to the beach being too used by tourists and visitors to the town of Beach City too much. Those gonoids have been scared off from using that area as their home. 
Besides I'll go call Granny Kim and tell her about Bob seen around the house's grounds. So she can rest and maybe visit to see that he's doing fine, excuse me."
He watched her leave which he shut the door locking it and thought he should leave it unlocked in case of emergency. He proceeded to do feeling himself hungry went into the kitchen to cook a microwave meal.
Guardian thought to himself "I'm feeling annoyed at not able to cook via stove my omelet breakfast food I normally ate every day. I figuring out that the microwave wasn't able to cook one for me despite multiple attempts of this." 
He quit his thoughts once the microwave dinged loudly. He again ate the meal from the tray not caring that it was burning his tongue. Then threw out the tray into the garbage bin finding it wasn't full enough for throwing out. Guardian again went to the refrigerator and gulped milk from the carton multiple gulps till he felt his thirst satisfied. He then put the milk away and went to the TV to turn it on. 
Guardian eyed the TV to find the local news' broadcast was on. He eyed the time finding it was five thirty in the evening. 
He watched the local news to hear them mention "The King has confirmed to address the rumors involving his grandson. The confirmation is said to be done once the Mahalia Day week holiday was over and government officials back in session at a public meeting of parliament gathering together." 
He continued to watch the local news blaring "We're reporting another vampire spider infestation was found in Cairo in an empty boarded up house by a homeless drunk. 
The drunkard wound up going inside and getting sucked who managed to escape the sucking to get outside. The male wound up getting medical help for the blood loss by a passing car finding the drunk lying on the street with spiders on him still sucking away. 
The male once waken told the people of what he found in the house who had the firefighters come to it to confirm the infestation and burned it to the ground. 
The reported house's owners reportedly away on a lengthy vacation compensated for the loss of their home." 
He grimaced hearing the news of the infestation. 
He heard "The firefighters managed to capture the spiders' Mother. By one of their own dogs catching the gonoid in his mouth out of the grass as the house was being burned. They currently have the vampire spider's Mother sent to a test lab for veterinarians to work on eliminating the vampirism from the species. 
So it'll have young that will be harmless to manoids and gonoids and only target the insects as its food source. This is from a huge Quito problem of the insect only targeting humanoids for feeding out at night time during summer months. 
Hence there spraying of poison at the dead of the night just to cut down on the Quito population." 
He sighed and continued to watch the local news' report talking "We declare the predicted rain hitting the southwestern part of Mahalia will be turning out to be a tropical storm. It already had stormed over the ocean reef park area dubbed Marauder's reef. 
We wound up predicting the tropical storm to be a spinner storm. It was due to how violent it was over the ocean while it made its way towards land."
He kept watching the local news's weather reporter "We are predicting a path for the storm to hit land. It'll make landfall to hit the West Allied state area before traveling on land to other states. The spinner storm as predicted is to take a traveling path over land to the northeastern part of the continent nation before reaching the ocean and traveling elsewhere." 
Guardian frowned as the local weather kept on blaring "The storm is predicted to hit at noon the next day. We're not sure if it'll become a spinner or remain a rainstorm instead." 
He sighed and heard the doorbell ringing. 
He figured "It's got to be from the laundry room. I guess I'll shut off the TV and go see what's going on."
He went to the door yanking it open to find Rita there.
Rita spoke "I need your help with putting inside some things that are outside the house due to the predicted storm hitting. 
The doctor can't help me with this chore due to needing to monitor Olivia. Plus keep an eye on her in case of the baby gets born abruptly. He is claiming that storms such as this has resulted in multiple women birthing their babies while their in their comas and waking up once the storm's over."
Guardian sighed and stepped into the laundry room speaking "What do you have in mind for getting stored away?"
Guardian eyed Rita who made a come gesture which he obeyed. Guardian followed her up the stairs to find the doorway led to the hallway to the kitchen. 
He heard from her as she led the way to the porch "I need those lawn chairs inside along with assistance in getting some potted plants inside too." 
Guardian obeyed putting in the living room the three lawn chairs.
He thinking "I'm finding that they weren't bendable. They were made out of a hard material to keep them in position." 
Guardian walked out finding Rita coming from the left side of the porch hauling two big potted plants in her hands. He took her hint from her throat clearing noises and grabbed potted plants one for each hand to haul them inside the house. Guardian wound up following Rita's example of leaving the plants piled in the living room as the female did the same. 
He eyed the plants to think "I found the potted plants seemed to indicate herbs to me judging by the looks of them. I recalling herb work by Ms. Lyons teaching me. The teaching wound up involving psychic abilities and use of herbs. I'm figuring out that I haven't been faithful in practicing the cooking and exercises related to my mental abilities." 
He groaned softly from his thoughts once the plants were all safety inside the house to get tossed a padlock by her.
He caught and heard "Please secure the shed doors by locking them now. I don't want the storm to blow open the doors and blow everything off." 
Guardian obeyed to take his apartment route to the yard. He saw the sunlight was very dim found the shed with no difficulty. 
Guardian found one of the doors open along with scratching sounds coming from inside once he shut the door. He yanked open the doors wide to get a coon darting out along with Bob giving chase both darting out of sight of the bushes. Guardian peered into the shed as thoroughly as he could. He then shut the doors finding nothing to indicate a gonoid inside and padlocked them together. 
He went to the apartment to find Bob at the top of the steps that gave off a meow sounding in a questioning tone to him. 
He paused from walking to speak "You should be indoors Bob. There's a nasty storm coming the next day. It'll cause havoc around here." 
He eyed Bob that darted towards the fence and saw the cat get underneath the area through a hole and out of sight. 
Guardian figured "The cat is probably going to Granny Kim's for safety. I hope so on that." 
He went inside the apartment after locking both doors. 
Guardian went back to the TV turning it on catching the tail end of the broadcast "About the rainstorm Angelique as its dubbed. Angelique has already been causing damage to Marauder's reef in the oceanic area it was traveling on as it headed towards Mahalia." 
He sighed and continued to watch the local news' broadcast "We are including what the natives of West Allied state bordering the ocean were doing to prepare for the storm. We the news broadcast have footage of the natives boarding up the windows of their houses with wooden planks."
He saw footage of that including hearing from them "That footage includes long lines of cars in highways showing various people driving out of state cutting their vacation short."
Guardian saw the footage and then heard "The upcoming storm is wrecking tourist season for West Allied state. The state is dependent on the tourist season for recovering from debt of cleaning up a mess of a high powered spinner storm that left millions in currency pounds in damages in the area over a cycle ago back. 
The damage is still being repaired at the moment along with damages from a freak winter storm that hit earlier this cycle.
The winter storm happened during the seasonal change of summer to winter. That despite the winter storm is said to not causing too much damage in other states who have easily recovered very well." 
Guardian frowned thinking "I wound up recalling the freak winter storm dubbed Alfred hitting in March as said by local news on the radio. Alfred's damage wound up causing a power outage that practically wiped out the entire state's electricity grid. That despite the state was still cleaning up damage from the spinner storm's hitting the state's main electricity grid generator in Merryville. The governor running for reelection promised that the damage wasn't bad and would be easily repaired." 
He groaned adding to his thoughts "I recalled the governor wound up later voted out of office. His opponent a female named Katia omitting last name wound up winning by a landslide two weeks after the electricity grid generator was fixed up for elections to happen. This happened after power was restored to the entire state."
He sighed recalling "I wound up spending two weeks with Ms. Lyons and Kendra at the local senior center. They having electricity from a generator and having heat to warm things up during the night hours. The senior center wound up having a policy of not letting people to sleep there which at sunrise I and the ladies would walk home to own apartments. 
They and I all would reportedly to sleep in bed all day warmed by multiple blankets. Then about thirty minutes after four o'clock is when I would meet the ladies and go to the senior center to eat meals there. That included along with staying up all night." 
He grimaced recalling "I and the ladies weren't the only ones in town doing that sleeping during the day and spending the night awake at the senior center. A week later we were joined by Henrietta and her daughter doing it. 
I recalled Ms. Lyons confessed to me privately 'Henrietta told me that she was staying out of state at a local hotel for having electricity. 
She was using her ex-husband to pay for the hotel stay he paid fully fine for a bit. He quit doing that after claiming that he was fed up with paying for no reason abruptly. He wound up insisting on wanting Henrietta to pay for herself. 
Hence she back at home with us and her daughter. Her ex-husband according to Henrietta has refused to have anything to do with Michaela and taking care of her. 
The judge at their court case gave Henrietta full custody of their daughter from what I heard from her.'"
Guardian continued to recall "I wound up not seeing Trudy during the power outage time frame. The whole two weeks there weren't any power to the apartments till after the power came back on. I figured that Trudy was home in her apartment from being outside in the morning to snow plow the driveway by finding her car parked in the street. 
She admitting to me at a chance meeting of her throwing out the garbage 'I stayed overnight at the hospital. I worked for the whole time during the power outage. It was from a shortage of staff members. 
We wound up attending to a surge of people hitting the hospital with various medical injuries. Some of the injuries were found to be made up just to gain entrance into the hospital for getting out of the cold and getting some heat to stay. 
It was from not having any warm shelters in their town areas.'"
Guardian frowned eyeing the TV recalling that Trudy added "Those people who entered the hospital to find shelter from the cold were hit with fees by the cops. The fees were some three hundred pounds' price for wasting the hospital's time of checking them out. 
Each time they were visiting with claims of medical maladies. Some took the message and stayed out while others kept getting hit with fees. 
One male a college student racked up a thousand pounds' number total. He was reportedly told by a college's professor he attended classes for to stay out of the hospital or they'll kick him out of the college on a permanent basis. 
This kicks out status would be permanent on his college credit records from what I heard. He wound up obeying the Professor's order of staying out of the hospital or be kicked out. He managed to pay his fee without complaint from what I last heard of him from hospital workers." 
Guardian continued to watch the TV shaking his head of the memory. 
Guardian heard "The King's spokesperson was reached for a comment about the upcoming storm. It's predicted to hit the southwestern part of the nation." 
The spokesperson commented via broadcast Guardian saw "The King hopes that the damage to Mahalia won't be too terrible. West Allied state has already have too much bad luck hitting already. They don't need another disaster to hit causing them irreparable damage." 
Guardian continued to watch the TV watching the broadcast entirely "It's eight o'clock as signaled by the director yelling in my ear via radio device so sorry I have to end this." 
He grunted an annoyed sound as "This is a paid program about TV service for additional TV channels for shows airing within the state of West Allied." 
He groaned and shut off the TV only to hear the doorbell ringing. 
Guardian went to the laundry room to find Rita there that spoke "I just got off the phone with Granny Kim. 
Bob is back at her house inside after she found him in her flowerbox outside her window. Bob meowing to be let inside which she has him safety in. She has reportedly said to already gotten the house prepared for keeping him indoors for a lengthy time period. 
I also was told by Granny Kim that she aims to keep Bob indoors on a permanent basis. 
She plans to have Bob leashed if he wants to go outside due to not trusting him to wander away from her home again."
He didn't comment a response as Rita took leave of him. He went back inside the apartment shutting the door leaving it unlocked. Guardian went to the living room to practice his limber stretching exercises then swung himself up once done from being on the floor with an acrobatic move. 
Guardian proceeded to do his karate doing various movements of various belt levels from red to beginner's white. That including doing his drills till he felt like he had enough and quite weary. 
He eyed his wrist watch "Bloody Hades, I find the time is an hour passed the news' broadcast." 
Guardian grumbled thinking "I thought I was quite lengthy with the karate. It appears I wasn't."
Guardian went to enter the bedroom exchanging his clothes for pajama shorts omitting a top and laid his form down on the bed after turning off the lamp. 
Guardian shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing a faint banging sound and his alarm clock not glowing red indicated that the power was off. He followed the banging to find it came from the laundry room door. 
He blindly yanked open to blink his eyes from the glare of the flashlight blaring at him. 
Guardian frowned as a voice was heard "Here take this flashlight and use it while your contained in your apartment." 
He took the flashlight Rita he recognizing her voice, held up for him and again heard from her "Feel free to come up anytime to visit me. Doctor Ashar is still reporting nothing new with Olivia at the moment. 
I'll be staying on the couch in the living room just to be near my daughter and be near the doctor in case he needs any help with Olivia. Doctor Ashar has claimed to unable to contact the local hospice unit for backing him up. 
His communicator is out at the moment with nothing to indicate on when it'll turn back on. 
Besides the news' broadcasts got the storm time hitting the state wrong. It's not noon the next day the storm is hitting but midnight at night actually which the storm is currently hitting outside at the moment. 
Nothing you can do for me except go to bed so excuse me." 
He watched Rita go up the stairs carrying her flashlight and saw the light wink out by the door slamming. He shut the laundry room door and used the flashlight's glare to make his way towards the bed putting the flashlight onto the bed's dresser table.
He laid his form down onto the bed and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come too again hearing the familiar banging noises. He woke up finding his windows blaring of light dimly despite the shades down covering them. 
Guardian got up and went to the laundry room door yanking it open to find Rita that spoke "Olivia had her baby a boy a bit ago which I'm just telling you that. The doctor isn't sure of when Olivia will wake up from her coma. 
He managed to contact the hospice unit after three hours of no contact. Their on the way to check out the baby boy, I believe Olivia will dub Ian after her Father raiser."
He spoke as Rita paused "Father raiser?"
He eyed Rita who groaned loudly and then spoke "Actually Olivia is adopted at birth. I didn't birth her. I adopted her from the local hospital. 
That was after pestering them to give me a baby I could take care of with my current husband Ian at the time. They gave me Olivia. I've raised her all her life till Ian passed away from his smoking habit causing him smoker's cancer that later killed him. 
Ian made a good impression onto Olivia who told me that she would name her son after him. I suspect that she'll do that." 
Guardian spoke "You want to tell me how Olivia got pregnant in the first place?"
He felt his senses blare warning unexpectedly. 
Rita spoke answering his question "That's the thing Olivia can't explain how she wound up pregnant in the first place. 
She claims one of the guys who she took in must have broken in and forced mated with her. She says this happened while she was down out sick with some sleeping drug to help her with a sickness. 
She told me of waking up with an unconscious guy in bed with her. She refuses to tell me who this guy is instead have hinted that I'm quite a blabbermouth. Hence she not telling me who he is. 
Olivia has claimed that I have blabbed about her getting pregnant to the town all over the place after she told me of her pregnancy. I do hope she'll wake up soon to meet her son Ian." 
He frowned to bob his head and then followed by Rita speaking "I have to check and see if the hospital has arrived to check on Ian excuse me." 
He watched her go up the stairs which he went inside the apartment and shut the door. Guardian went back to bed laying his form down from feeling too tired to do much except sleep. He proceeded to do till a familiar doorbell blared which he got up going to the laundry room door. 
Guardian wound up finding Rita falling into his arms after he opened the door. 
He caught her and he held her up as she blurt sounding upset "Doctor keeps insisting on Ian be taken to the hospital for check up. He keeps wrecking my attempts to keep him home. 
The hospice's people have managed to knock me out and took Ian. I'm quite dizzy from the drugged status despite knocked out asleep for awhile. Doctor Ashar has managed to apologize for drugging me. He did warn me that the dizziness would be a side effect of the drug withdrawing from me. 
Help me up the stairs please." 
He obeyed to get her into the living room onto the couch to find her passed out unconscious. He went to the dining room to find the doctor there seated in an armchair reading a book that looked at him doing a double take look.
The doctor he heard speaking "Ah the first born son never thought I would be meeting you. The medicine I gave Missus Madison is enough to knock her out for two hours actually." 
He realized thinking "Bloody Hades, the doctor is working for my Father from the talk and Victoria state accent used. It figures that she was implanted with her offspring." 
Guardian spoke "Talk on what's going on with my sister Olivia. She's obviously implanted to produce an acceptable offspring for my Father to use as his heir to the throne." 
He glared at the doctor who shrugged and spoke "Olga has turned out to be an embarrassment. Olga has been embarrassing her Father with various inappropriate public behaviors. That includes a drinking habit she refused to quit despite pregnant with her son. 
Her son has appeared to have several medical maladies that makes him unable to take the King's throne once its time for that to happen. 
Olivia your sister in question was implanted with an offspring. She was led to believe that a male housemate she found in her bed force mated with her unconscious. This was an excuse to make it seem how she wound up expecting in the first place. 
The King will be taking in Ian as he's dubbed once he's able to do it. Poor Olivia will wound up saddled with Olga's son as a result."
Guardian frowned and spoke "Who's going to tell Olivia about her family connection towards me and this deception for her to go along with it?"
He eyed the doctor who lowered the book and jabbed a finger in his direction while speaking "As far as I'm concerned Olivia thinks she's Rita Madison's daughter by birth period. 
Olivia doesn't seem to acknowledge people telling her that she was adopted as a baby. 
That despite accepting that Missus Madison's husband Ian wasn't her father but her raiser actually. I highly doubt that Olivia will accept that she's related towards you as your sister. 
Rita has repeatedly telling me various complaints Olivia has said to her about you in question. Most of those complaints involve your appearance reminding her of the male she found in her bed. 
She reportedly thought she was forced mated unconscious with no details given on how twinning this male is towards your looks actually. Hence my doubting that she'll accept the family connection. 
I do believe that she'll be told like Missus Madison that Ian had some problem that killed him. A fake medical mistake lie said to her from happening at the hospital. Then later dumped the baby Olga had who dubs him Sparky. 
It's was used as a payment for bribing Mothers out of suing the hospital. It's a familiar trick that has happened before with Missus Madison who had a baby girl. Her baby girl wound up put down from some sickly status detected. Missus Madison was thrust Olivia to take care as some bribery payment in response. 
This trick is still ongoing at the moment at hospitals doing it. The hospital is doing this to people whose offsprings were either accidentally killed by medical mistakes or put down due to a detected sickly fatal status as law states. 
Sometimes this trick involves people doing baby switching. That's depending on not wanting to be saddled with an offspring that has medical issues. This is common among government officials and people who have a vast amount of wealth they hope to pass down something your Father is currently doing to your sister."
Guardian frowned as the doctor resumed reading his book. He looked off his left as if drawn to see a transparent form of Olivia floating in the room with a glare on her face. 
He frowned wondering to himself "Did she actually hear anything said? I figured I'll ask her once she woke up." 
He heard the doorbell ringing went to answer the door. 
Guardian finding a male Samira with a Mahalia's native look of light brown skin and small brown eyes standing there that had short black hair that spoke "Is Olivia Madison around sir?"
He spoke "Sorry she and her Mother had a medical crisis and is unable to come to the door or assist you with anything. I currently live in the basement apartment and was just helping out with their medical issues I'm not at liberty to say." 
Guardian eyed the male who blurt "Olivia had her baby did she? Let me in and see her now." 
He sighed and unlocked the screen door letting in the male while speaking "Dining room is where she is if you know where it is." 
He shut both doors and found the male in the dining room standing near the doctor pestering with a question he heard "How's Olivia doing and her baby doing?" 
Guardian heard the doctor tell the male "Olivia already birthed her baby. The baby's at the hospital at the moment due to a medical issue. I can't say when the baby's Mother would wake up from her coma. I admit to drugging Olivia's Mother with some drug. Olivia's Mother was found to act very panicky on not willing to let the baby go with medics to the hospital." 
He eyed the doctor who spoke sounding annoyed after silence from the Samira in response "You have a name sir? Explain what's your business with Olivia Madison now." 
Guardian frowned finding the doctor wasn't speaking with a Victoria state accent. The male he heard was speaking with some accent that reminded him of West Allied state natives speaking it in front of him. 
Guardian heard from the Samira "The name's Daisuke Yamato. I believe I'm the Father of Olivia's baby. That's from finding myself in her bed with her in the morning after getting myself drunk of alcohol. With clothes on my form indicating that I must have done some mating towards her whose clothes indicated that status as well."
He didn't comment a response eyed the doctor who spoke still using the West Allied state accent "Oh thanks for explaining your business with Olivia Madison. Does she know of you and that you fathered her baby?"
He eyed Daisuke who spoke "It was her who discovered me in her bed. She woke me up and later kicked me out of the house once it was apparent she was pregnant. I was staying in the house's basement apartment. It was from losing my home in a spinner disaster over cycles ago in Merryville. 
Olivia took me in and gave me shelter for me to get back on my feet. Unfortunately I overstayed my welcome with her after she found me in her bed and her expectant status became known. This is when she wound up kicking me out of her residence. 
I had to move to Northern Territory. Its due to having friends of mine living there. 
Olivia's Mother, Missus Madison kept contact with me on wanting to know how I was doing. 
I'm unsure if Missus Madison is aware of me fathering Olivia's offspring actually. 
Anyway I managed to get back on my feet and then moved back to West Allied state. I moved to Georgina. I currently have a job as a private teacher for families who want their sons to improve their grades in school."
He eyed the doctor who spoke "Actually kindly explain your reason of your visit now." 
He shifted to look at Daisuke who spoke "Missus Madison called me from West Alia to report on how Olivia was doing awhile ago. I told her I was planning on visiting once I was available for a social visit hence I'm here now." 
Guardian frowned eyeing Daisuke who kept staring at the doctor. 
He heard from the doctor "Anyway there's nothing you can do for Missus Madison and her daughter now. Mister Yamato, so sorry but I have to ask you to come back another time." 
He kept his attention aimed at Daisuke who looked at him with a narrowed eyed glare.
Guardian spoke "The name's Guard Beers sir. I'm living in the basement apartment. That's due to losing my home to a fire which I lost everything. I don't have any family that I know of at the moment."
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with having to lie about himself.
He eyed Daisuke who spoke with his brown almond shaped eyes narrowing "Interesting." 
Guardian frowned with his lips as Daisuke looked away and spoke "You tell Olivia and her Mother that Daisuke Yamato stopped by to see them once their awake, sir. I warn you sir that I'll be back unannounced once I have time to make another social call. I'll see myself out." 
Guardian watched Daisuke left the room and heard the front door manipulated with a loud bang sound he grimaced from the noises. 
Guardian eyed the doctor who formed a glare on his face and snarled "Olivia like her sister was implanted with an offspring from their Mother, fathered by their Father actually. Daisuke isn't the Father of Olivia's child. He appears to believe this fact like Olivia and her Mother believes herself." 
He stiffened from the doctor's words as the doctor continued "I believe your Father will use the excuse of having an unknown surrogate carry the offspring. He'll present to the public as his son and heir to the throne. He'll use the excuse that he and his wife were having marital problems that were lengthy. Your Father will also use an excuse of his wife unwilling to carry another child for him hence the surrogate used as a last effort of producing an heir."
Guardian spoke as the doctor stopped talking "What's the excuse related to Olga's pregnancy?"
He frowned eyeing the doctor who shrugged and spoke "I'm pretty sure that the King will say that she had a miscarriage actually. His lie about that was to hide the fact of a surrogate carrying an offspring for privacy reasons. It's a trick that has happened too many times among previous Kings. They all wishing to keep their privacy involving male offspring being conceived for them to pass down their title which is still ongoing at the moment." 
He spoke as the doctor looked away towards Olivia "I'm surprised that my Father isn't having me declared his heir despite he said to fathered me." 
Guardian frowned to eye the doctor who resumed looking at him who spoke "I suspect that your Father's wife told him not to declare you as his heir. 
It was rumored that the woman who birthed you was targeting him in an attempt to break up their marriage and get him as her husband. If this was declared the woman reportedly some famous rich actress would come forwards claiming you as her son. 
She doing what it takes to get the King to divorce his current wife and marry her. Something the King's wife as rumored feared that would happen. Hence she talking her husband out of making the declaration regarding you. 
She reportedly wound up going along with his trick of having a son born by his own daughter and her own daughter to pass down the title."
He groaned softly as the doctor stopped talking to resume reading his book. Guardian went to the living room to find Rita still sleeping away on the couch looking like she was passed out to him. He went to the couch and kneeled on the rugged floor and reached out a hand towards Rita taking her left hand. 
Guardian held the hand while she not stirring thinking to himself "What will happen towards Olivia and her Mother raiser?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question remained holding Rita's hand as he sighed softly to frown while adding to his thought "When will I get a purpose in life if I'm not going to be King anyway? I wonder if my purpose will include being paired to a female. I wouldn't mind that but I guess I better wait and see."
Guardian frown feeling his senses blare warning when he thought his questions and wording to frown "I'm finding no reason for the senses to go off while thinking my thoughts."
He felt his senses stopped their blaring to his relief. 
He remained kneeling eyeing Rita sleeping to figure to himself "At least I'll figure out the answers for myself period."

Part Two: Answers answered

Guardian stood with the memory running through his mind. He heard the Man of Cloth as his religious title for the religious beliefs involving a God named Lance Richard kept on droning his words. He wasn't paying attention to the words due to how bored he was as snow fell softly from the sky. The snow fell over the funeral for Rita Madison.
"Rita was later diagnosed with breast cancer that was found spread within her body. Medicines were used prolonged her life till the beginning of winter season in April is when she succumbed to cancer" he thought to himself.
He heard a crying sound sighed recognizing the noises from Ian, the boy child the local hospital dumped onto Olivia. 
"That" he recalled "Was done after claiming that her original son passed away from a medical ailment involving his heart. It was a trick actually for my Father to acquire her baby and put Olga's baby in her care." 
Guardian eyed the coffin holding Rita inside with an array of flowers on top as the priest kept on his droning. 
Guardian recalled "Two suns after the Mahalia Day week was over was when my Father made a public broadcast to the natives. I wound up watching a rebroadcast on TV at a later time.
My Father wound up talking about acquiring a son and heir to the throne from a surrogate. The broadcast included my Father saying a lie that Olga actually had a miscarriage hence he lying about that for privacy reasons. 
The lie was said just to avoid his surrogate getting pressured by public and own family members on keeping the baby. That lie was also said, instead of giving the baby up for him to raise as his heir to pass on the throne." 
He sighed softly from the memory "I wound up seeing the broadcast showing my Father's hardly seen wife the Queen coming into camera view holding a wrapped blanketed bundle in her arms. My Father flaunted as the son dubbed Nikolas Alexander Junior named after himself as his heir to the throne." 
He shifted from eyeing Rita's coffin to eye Olivia wearing a black dress with Daisuke wearing a black suit like he was wearing. Daisuke he saw was standing next to her having a hand on her shoulder while she held Ian. Ian he heard appeared to stop his crying noises from sounds stopping. He stood among various people he recognized were from the town who were dressed in black like he was. 
People who he met had claimed in his presence "We have a friendship with Rita herself. Hence we there attending Rita's religious funeral." 
It was held in West Alia where Rita's husband's departed ceremony was held and cemetery is where he was buried. 
He eyed the Man of Cloth who stopped his droning on his sermon to pause. He saw the male held up one of his hand freed from the religious book in his hand to make a gesture towards the coffin holding Rita's body. Then shut the book closed and going up to Daisuke to shake hands with the male and walking away. 
He stood as the snow fell a bit harder eyeing Olivia who remained standing still holding Ian as others around him were sensed walking away. Guardian eyed Daisuke in response appeared to be whispering something to Olivia's ear who bowed her head and didn't see or hear a protest from her as she was guided away from the coffin. 
Daisuke having hands on her shoulders Olivia still having her head bowed with tears staining her cheeks he glimpsed. Ian he saw appeared to have fallen asleep held in her arms. Guardian didn't say a word waited as the couple passed him. He followed going to a black vehicle dubbed a van. They got inside with him following to sit in a seat in the middle of the vehicle in the back of the van as Olivia, Daisuke and Ian sat at the front seat in front of him. He didn't comment a response as Olivia was heard wailing nonsense sounds. 
The driver to the van heard verbally starting up the vehicle in some shouting manner. Then the driver drove the vehicle out of the cemetery taking a route to Beach City. 
He sighed softly recalling "Two suns after my Father's flaunting his new son is when Olivia woke up from her coma to be told of her original son's birth via the doctor himself. The son's birth happened during the spinner storm hitting the area according to the doctor privately. 
Olivia was then later told of the son's death at the hospital in my presence by the doctor. 
Rita had to calm her down due to being very hysterically upset. I'm surprised that Rita woke up to calm her down despite seen giving the doctor glaring looks of accusation in her eyes." 
He continued to let himself to his thoughts recalling "After Olivia calmed down is when the doorbell rang. I went to answer the doorbell to find a medic there holding a baby I figured from the looks of the offspring was Olga's son. The boy child was presented to my sister.
She told in my presence I eavesdropping from memory of it 'His Mother is some reported teenage girl dumped him at the hospital. She used the excuse of not wanting to care for him anymore. Hence I bringing the baby to you to see if you was willing to take responsibility of caring for him.' 
I recalled fully that Olivia without any hesitation spoke 'I'll take the boy child as my own offspring.'
The medic spoke from memory 'Here sign a document of adopting the child on this computer pad. 
I saw Olivia sign the computer pad using her left hand. Then the medic took leave of us. 
The doctor there gave the boy child a through check up spoke 'I'm declaring him physically fit. You should contact the hospital for any internal test results done on him. Just to see what can be done for him.'" 
He looked out the window of the van shaking his head of the memory. The driver drove the van on the highway. 
Guardian wound up recognizing the route to Beach City. 
He wound up still lost in his thoughts to recall "Daisuke stopped by again on a weekend in the morning. I catching Daisuke driving up in his car while hauling the garbage can holding various items I picked up scattered in the backyard and tossed inside. That along with doing some additional yard work to make order to it." 
Guardian recalled "I wound up getting the garbage can at the curb ready for the Samira group's representative to come take the items found inside to get them back to their original owners. 
I recalled telling Olivia 'The yard has items that appears to be from other people's residences.' 
She told me 'I'll call for someone to pick up the stuff.' 
I wound up recalling telling Daisuke of what the doctor told Olivia related to the original baby she had. 
I recalled telling Daisuke 'Olivia was given another male child to care for in his place soon after she was told of the news. She took the offspring as her own son and has been raising him dubbing him by the name of Ian.' 
I recalling getting from Daisuke 'Interesting.'"
He formed the expression on his lips as he recalled "Daisuke habitually said the comment interesting but refused to explain further to that typical comment said".
He frowned still lost in his thoughts to hear silence from Olivia to think "I figured out that she had stopped wailing which she's sleeping now." 
He concentrated looking out the window to recall "Daisuke kept up the visiting during the whole summer months checking onto Olivia and her son. 
This included checking on Rita undergoing medical treatments to fight off the cancer that was found terminal within her body according to Olivia during a crying breakdown. 
She wound up confessing that her Mother wasn't willing to accept the diagnose instead kept on insisting that the medicine would heal her. It's a view Rita kept up till she passed away quite recently." 
He saw the familiar oceanic view again "I figured that we're in Beach City judging by the looks of the scenery." 
Guardian looked in front of him eyeing Daisuke having an arm around Olivia who appeared to be sleeping to him from her slumped over position. Guardian frowned hearing nothing from Daisuke or Ian to sense that the boy child was sleeping sandwiched between Olivia and the male. 
The van reached the house to park at the curb he hearing from the driver "We're here so you can get out now." 
He got out of the van and stood outside with the snow still falling appearing to cover the grassed ground in a half hearted way. He eyed Daisuke wake up Olivia by gently kissing her on the cheek and shaking her awake. Guardian watched Olivia wake up to pick up Ian and carry him out of the van followed by Daisuke. He shut the doors to the van behind them. 
Guardian wordlessly followed them to the house stopping at the porch's first step to yank out his keys to the apartment. He watched Olivia go inside the house followed by Daisuke unlocking the door and shutting it behind them with a gentle slam. He sighed and walked around the house. 
He taking the familiar route to the apartment to find a cat wearing a collar with a leash attached. The cat he recognized as Bob standing at the top most steps giving off a meow in a questioning tone. He sighed as he recognized Granny Kim's cat. 
Guardian groaned softly "Bloody Hades to Bob! I figured from Bob being in the yard is that he has escaped Granny Kim again. His presence here is from being spooked by a loose dog in the neighborhood as always happening whenever she brought the gonoid outside by leashed walks. 
He was always found sitting in the yard collar and leash attached. The cat was always there at his spot waiting for me to bring him inside and give his owner a phone call to come pick him up." 
Guardian groaned and went to Bob picking up the cat's leash as he mentally added "I figured out that Bob hated being picked up after giving me multiple scratches and bites to my hands and arms. This injury status resulted from Bob being picked up to bring the gonoid inside the apartment." 
He went down the steps finding Bob leading the way. 
Guardian unlocked the door opening it and found the cat darting inside straining against the leash. He walked inside and shut the door still holding onto the leash. Guardian went to the phone to dial Granny Kim's number waiting patiently for her to pick up. His waiting was rewarded when the phone was picked up to his relief.
He recalled "I pestered Olivia to get me phone service which she did on request of her Mother hence the phone working for me."
He got a voice on the line speaking "Yes?"
He spoke recognizing the voice as the Mayor's "This is Guard Beers. I have your Mother's cat Bob in my possession. He appears to have escaped your Mother while out on a leashed walk with her. That's due to still having a leash attached to his collar." 
He stopped talking to hear muffled talking he couldn't make it out. 
This followed by the Mayor's familiar voice on the line speaking "Can you take Bob in on a permanent basis? My Mother was found unresponsive lying on a sidewalk appearing to have her light extinguished, by a neighbor walking his dog. Bob no where in sight. The Dead Keeper is still running tests on how her light was extinguished." 
He groaned softly to himself and spoke "I have to ask my landlord permission on taking in Bob. It's due to not knowing the policy regarding pets." 
He paused from talking to again hear muffled talking followed by the Mayor's voice speaking clearly "I left a message on Missus Madison's answering machine about my request. I'm still waiting for her to call me back. Excuse me I have to go now." 
He sighed softly as there was a dial tone in his ear. He hung up the phone and eyed Bob. 
Guardian recalled "It was a lunar cycled month ago of coming upon the house to see an ambulance parked there from a grocery shop walk to Terrio store. I had stood on the porch wondering what was going on to see Rita carried out on a stretcher by medics. She looking like she was sleeping and looking deathly pale while wearing an oxygen mask covering her mouth area. 
I watched them haul her into the ambulance as Olivia came out of the house crying. Olivia appeared to get hysterically upset. I put down my cloth bag holding my groceries on the porch's floor. 
I recalled I without a word hugged Olivia sensing she was accepting my touch by clinging to me. I even didn't break off the hold as Olivia was sensed leaning onto me for support as the ambulance's sirens were heard before the noises fading away. I recalled on kept on holding Olivia lengthy hearing her crying softly.
Her noises would broken by hearing a loud voice speaking 'Excuse me let me have her.'
I heard the venomous anger in Daisuke's voice finding Daisuke standing on the porch with a glare on his face. 
I saw that the male's car was in the driveway which I without a word handed off Olivia to the male who got her inside slamming the door. 
I picked up my grocery bag and carried it to the apartment going inside. 
I recalled an hour later of hearing the laundry room doorbell ringing. I went to answer the door to find Daisuke standing there that gave me a glare.
Daisuke spoke 'Olivia told me what happened to her Mother once calmed down. 
You should have gotten her inside the house instead of standing there hugging her lengthy for the public to see. I don't find it amusing that you're taking advantage of Olivia despite I courting her at the moment.' 
I from the memory stiffened from fear to see Daisuke's eyes turn all black looking creeping me out. 
The creepy eyed look making me admit to Daisuke 'I'm the King's rumored first born son.
One of the servants of my Father in a secret meeting pointed out that the second daughter the King's wife carried. It wasn't as admitted to the public was actually Olivia herself. She's my sister actually. I'm still not sure if she's aware of that or not.' 
I wound up from the memory to find Daisuke speaking in a creepy cruel voice tone still displaying the all black eyed look 'Don't ever lie to me on anything again. I can detect lies.
I don't like the lies you been spouting to Olivia and her Mother about yourself. 
That includes hearing people lying about what really happened to her original son. I know that the hospital switched babies actually. Don't lie to me period.' 
I recalling managed to give a head bob as Daisuke told me 'What's your background? The actual story was related to you as the King's first born son?' 
I wound up admitting 'I was raised by a deaf female named Verona. 
She's a midwife who passed away in a car accident from a drunk driver driving the wrong way on a highway. The deception of me posing as her son came out. 
The actual public story as publicity known is that I was born from an unknown to this day famous actress who hid the pregnancy and birthed me in secret. The story is the truth actually on how I came to exist. That story broke out via tabloid. 
Other presses took hold of the news and blared all over the place. The presses' media all saying that I was the King's first born son actually. My Father the King confirmed this publicity. He has refused to let me be flaunted to the public. 
It has left people to debate on who should take the King crown. The debate started soon after the news of my Father's oldest child my sister Olga had a son as broadcasted by my Father. 
People have been evenly divided on who should take the crown after my Father announced my nephew as the heir.'
I continued to remember the memory that Daisuke spoke 'Admit what you knew of the baby switch and don't lie to me. 
The story I told Daisuke came out as told to me by the doctor monitoring Olivia. 
I recalled telling Daisuke the doctor's views of Olivia's views towards people telling her that she was adopted by Rita. 
'The doctor claimed to me that Olivia wouldn't believe the news of me and her being siblings.' 

Guardian broke himself of the memory to eye Bob that strained against the leash again. Bob appeared from the straining to want to go to his couch which he sighed. Guardian released the leash letting the cat walk away going to the furniture to jump on and sit on it curling into a ball and appeared to be snoozing away. 
He sighed "I recalled from the memory of Daisuke finished his interrogation by showing brown Egyptian eyes. 
Daisuke speaking to me in a normal Egyptian male voice in a West Allied state accent 'Keep your mouth shut about this and my non Egyptian abilities to yourself. I'll find out if you've blabbed. Believe me I'll always find out period.'"
Guardian went into the bedroom after shaking his head of the memory "Daisuke wound up leaving me. 
I recalled I wound up hearing a rumor from Granny Kim after calling her of finding Bob in the yard again with his leash. 
Granny Kim told me 'I heard a rumor already going around town that Olivia has a mate friend. There's conflicting reports on who the guy was. Witnesses have been seeing two different males at different times appearing to act mate friendly towards Olivia in question. I was wondering what was going on. So can you tell me to set the matter straight?'"

Guardian sighed as he stripped himself of the cheapo suit and shoes he acquired from Terrio's store.
Guardian recalled telling Granny Kim "Olivia is actually courted by one male quite strongly. The male in question made it clear to me that she was his period. Besides I saw Olivia as a sister too strongly. That feeling I feel towards Olivia to bother courting her in some mate friend courtship."
He sighed to put away the suit and shoes and socks into the closet leaving him clad only in his underwear to go to the dresser. 
He recalled the phone call with Granny Kim who told him "'I'm coming over in my car to pick up Bob as soon as possible.'
I recalled I heard the dial tone in my ear indicating that she had hung up the phone. I took the cat by leash with some protests to the porch in front of the house. I wound up to sit in a lawn chair still holding onto the cord tightly while waiting for the cat's owner to come pick him up. 
I recalled Daisuke coming out of the house to give him a glaring stare with all black eyed look again not saying anything but heard a throat clearing noise from the male. 
I found myself telling everything what I heard from Granny Kim via phone call including everything I said to her. 
I recalled fully Daisuke not saying a word instead went inside the house slamming the door in response. 
Granny Kim arrived in her two seat sedan parking the car at the curb. I got up and pulled Bob over towards her to find she putting the cat in a cat carrier after getting out of the car. 
Granny Kim commenting loudly towards me 'Olivia is apparently heavily spied on. It happened since word got out on her Mother having a terminal cancer diagnose. 
The town's people are overheard wondering who was going to take her Mother's place. 
They've been commenting on when Olivia would get a husband, a Father figure to her adopted son Ian. 
The males reportedly have claimed to have some kind of code of behavior that only can be passed down via male to male.'"
Guardian groaned from his memory thoughts as he yanked out jeans and a sweatshirt from the dresser putting them on along with winter socks. 
He recalled "I recalled asking Granny Kim 'Should I inform Olivia of that rumor going around town? What's the town's people expected from Olivia anyway?'
I recalled told by Granny Kim 'Not to bother with that. I'll tell Olivia herself in person of this.'
I wound up watching as Granny Kim went to the house and rang the doorbell finding Daisuke answering the door. Granny Kim appeared to have a whispered talk with Daisuke I not hearing what's said seemingly lengthy. 
Granny Kim wound up seen walked away going to her car saying to me on the way to the vehicle 'Everything will be taken care of. You don't need to do anything about the rumor.'
I saw her get into the sedan and driving off." 

Guardian heard a doorbell sound breaking him of his memories. He sighed recognizing the sound from the laundry room. Guardian went to answer the door finding Daisuke there still clad in his suit but missing the jacket. He wordlessly stared at Daisuke waiting for the male to say something. 
Daisuke spoke "Bob you have him in your possession?"
Guardian heard a meow in response before he could talk and saw Daisuke look down which he did the same. He grimaced finding the cat rubbing his head on Daisuke's foot and acting very friendly towards the male despite not friendly with himself in question.
He spoke making sure he sounded serious "Does that answer your question sir?"
He eyed Daisuke who without a word picked up Bob who didn't protest to that and seemed content being held in Daisuke's grips around him. 
Daisuke spoke looking at him "You're free to have Bob in your apartment. That's whenever the cat requests to go inside. I'm giving Bob free rein to go any where in the house as well. 
Besides Olivia told me of having a cat as youngster soon after her Mother passed away. I figured that Bob's presence in the house should help her with her grief. 
Anyway I'll inform Missus Lords of the adoption of Bob. So she can send over the proper nourishment and stuff for taking care of him, excuse me." 
He watched as Daisuke left him going up the stairs still carrying Bob that still wasn't complaining of being held. 
Guardian heard the door to the basement slam shut. He sighed and shut the door to his apartment and felt himself hungry. He went to the kitchen to get a microwave meal. 
He thought to himself "I felt regret of not able to cook some meals on my outdoor stove. The snowy weather hitting at the moment that the cold temps had made it harder for me to cook my food on it properly outside. 
Besides, Olivia had an angry fit when she caught me cooking outside in the snowy weather. She accused me of trying to burn down the house with the cooking which her Mother had to come out and calm her down.
I recalled that Olivia after the angry fit told me 'You're not to cook on that stove again unless I tell you otherwise period.'
I wound up having to obey to Olivia's order. Bloody Hades to Olivia for that order!" 
He put the meal into the microwave after removing it from the package thinking to himself "I recalling Rita two weeks after Olivia's adoption of Ian had asked me 'Do you know how to cook on an outdoor stove regardless of what was fueling its energy for cooking? 
I was planning on hosting a party to introduce my grandson to friends in town. Their questioning me on my grandson and wondering why he looked older than he supposedly looked. That's due to not knowing the actual story of my original grandchild passing away in the hospital from a medical ailment. 
The medic giving Olivia, Ian in my grandson's place which I have accepted the adoption. I wanted people to know the actual story. That to happen instead of speculating something odd was going on with Ian to make him seem non Egyptian like.' 
I recalled fully telling Rita 'I can cook anything on an outdoor stove regardless of what it was fueled by. It's from having experience of doing the cooking over too many cycles.'" 
Guardian frowned thinking to himself as the microwave cooked his food "I wasn't really bragging on my talk about outdoor stoves like Rita seemed to indicate towards me. 
I was really used as the cook at outdoor parties my Mother raiser had me attend in the summer months.
It was mostly attending the parties back to back in various towns all over Victoria State.
A job I held since I was age fourteen a job I was paid to do the cooking for various people hosting the party which I kept it up till my Mother raiser passed away. 
People stopped their interests in having me as their cook as a result. 
I wound up having to cook for myself to keep practicing my outdoor stove cooking ability. I kept the cooking up till my Father ordered me to live in West Allied state. 
That happened after a private meeting which I had managed to acquire some summer job work of cooking at parties on the weekends and holidays despite working weekdays at Trick. 
I had to stop the cooking job due to my arm injury and rehabilitation to my arm and hand. This happened after multiple surgeries to fix the damage. I haven't cooked since Rita asked me to cook for a party-" 
Guardian heard the ding of the microwave finishing its cooking interrupting his thoughts. He took out the meal and got out a fork and ate it not caring that it was burning his tongue again from how hot it felt in his mouth. He swallowed the food fast finding himself terribly hungry. He once done eating put the tray into the garbage can and then washed the fork putting it away. 
He drank out of the milk carton like he habitually had done despite not drinking out of other liquid holder's cartons and using cups for them. 
He sighed and went to the couch to sit thinking "The party for Ian's introduction went off without a problem. I wound cooking off an outdoor gas stove Rita claimed to have bought from a female friend getting rid of it due to her husband's light extinguished abruptly. 
Olivia told me during the summer months before she caught me using it during a snowy snowstorm 'You can use the stove anytime you like for cooking meals for yourself. The price is cooking for my family members whenever they asked you to cook for me or them.'" 
He sighed from the memory and grabbed the remote turning on the TV to the weather channel finding the other news' channels were blaring paid programs. 
Guardian continued to remember "I wound up cooking for a public wedding and party for Daisuke and Olivia on the town's green. The cooking happened a week after Rita was sent to the hospital reportedly bedridden and unable to care for her needs. 
That most of the town's people showed up for the event. Some people were just there to join in the fun and others just to spy and give out rumors towards whoever was listening. 
All sorts of talk I heard was all over the place including mention of the King's son, heir to the throne was conceived for the King to pass down the King's title and duties. The son's conceiving was due to his wife not willing to let him do the pass down of the King's title towards me his hidden first born son. 
It was rumored to be out of jealousy towards the unidentified actress who bore me. The Queen was rumored to be thinking that the actress would target her husband with marriage on her mind if I the son was flaunted as the heir. 
Hence I remaining hidden from the public." 
Guardian groaned putting the remote down on the table to rub a hand on his forehead to think "I wound up overhearing people commenting on that rumor involving the King's first born son. I mostly heard the rumor spoken among the grandparent folks whenever I was in their presence. 
I paid some fifty pound price to cook on outdoor stoves at their homes for parties all over town. It happened after Rita's party was held. 
Rita informed me 'My friends told me of being very impressed with the way you cooked the food. They have been recommending you to others around town. They reportedly said to hold a party on certain days after announcing the party to the town's people to attend.' 
I found myself saddled with the cooking job all summer long all over town. 
I always paid the price of fifty pounds for private parties including paid one hundred pounds for parties that involved the town having traditional yearly events in the summer months."
He sighed from rubbing his forehead and focused onto the weather channel "We are predicting that the light snow already hitting the state is going to turn into a snowstorm. The snow is going to travel through Mahalia hitting the southern part of the continent's states with lots of snow. 
We're not sure if the storm will turn to ice due to having that happen to West Allied state after a freak snowstorm hit the state. It happened during the last cycle during the change over from summer to winter. 
An ice storm was formed and knocked out power for the entire state that is still recovering from a spinner store as dubbed Marina hitting near the end of spinner storm season in March." 
He groaned hearing "The spinner storm Marina according to our records wound up to hit the sea resort town of Beach City with lots of damage. The same towards nearby towns in its path as Marina traveled over Mahalia becoming a tropical storm while missing several states and Victoria State. 
Marina wound up traveling out onto the ocean becoming another huge spinner like storm. Then was last heard causing havoc on the continent of Columbia before there was no word of it since." 
He groaned loudly to eye the time on his watch "Bloody Hades. That thing is always stuck to my wrist on my right arm. I keep forgetting to take it off despite it's never taken off even when showering or swimming at pools. 
The watch was always taken off whenever doing swimming in the ocean during breaks of doing jobs of cooking at beachside houses. Fin Biters are said to be attracted to wrist watches and jewelry worn by people swimming in the ocean to bite them. The bite was enough to cause a chunk of their body to get detached from them. This included their arms and legs sometimes surgery was able to fix back if the detached status wasn't that bad. 
There was times when people were permanently amputated due to the Fin Biter's bite had bit the body part off entirely. The body part discovered swallowed by the gonoid accidentally and digested to the point of being not able to be repaired to be attached back to the person it bit. 
I recalling I wound up swimming in the ocean during a break of cooking for a teenaged college student's party while mostly people the same age as the college student were partying on land. Some appearing to get drunk from illegal alcohol brought to the party and getting into the water to drown due to their drunken status caused them to swim badly. I found myself repeatedly having to haul them out of the ocean due to their drunken status that was causing them to drown. 
I wound up punching out numerous drunks unconscious after saving them for the third time. The drunks kept going into the water and appearing to drown themselves after I got them out of the water safety and didn't appear to get my message of being too drunk to swim." 
He saw that the time on his wrist watch was around three o'clock in the afternoon. 
Guardian felt himself quite tired as he thought "I wound up attending the wake held in a Dead Keeper's home in West Alia. 
It was due to Olivia on her begging me 'Please be there for me with my husband Daisuke and Ian there.' 
We wound up attending the Dead Keeper's home the previous night receiving numerous visitors that gave out condolences towards Olivia. The visiting lasted till a late evening hour of eleven o'clock. That's the time is when the Dead Keeper's home closed with Daisuke able to drive us home to Beach City to stay overnight at the house." 
He yawned stretching his arms "I recalling that the drive was an hour long. We got home around midnight despite Olivia keeping me awake in the car and refusing to let me sleep. She kept on clinging towards me in some upset manner while ignoring Ian felt sandwiched between us using a seat belt for him. Lucky kid he fell asleep and ignored Olivia's weeping fit.
I recalled being told by Olivia 'I'm expecting you on the porch at seven o'clock for the drive to the Dead Keeper's home by a hired driver. The driver is driving I and family to there. There'll be a mass at the Lancelot Church in West Alia. Then this will be followed by Man of Cloth blessing in the cemetery. This includes then driven home after that.'"
Guardian continued to yawn lowering his arms feeling himself still exhausted. 
He felt tiredness from only having only four straight hours of sleep "I wound up woken up at four o'clock in the morning by the doorbell to my apartment going off outside. I went to the door to peer finding the light was on but no one in sight after opening the door. 
I recalled finding a postcard from Elizabethan Island taped to his door with a note written on it.
The note said 'Meet me at the gazebo at five o'clock ASAP.'
I figured the note indicate to me to meet Warwick with urgent news. 
I wound up going to the gazebo ten minutes early and sat in the cold air waiting. I recalling on waiting till I sensed myself spied on once five o'clock arrived. I wound up looking around to find the watchers were all over the place. 
I met a male figure wearing winter geared clothes twin to mine with a flashlight arrived to the gazebo. 
I discovering to my shock wasn't Warwick but my Father actually." 
Guardian again yawned again recalling "The meeting with my Father resulted in him heavily interrogated me on Olivia's life and her Mother raiser Rita. My Father from my questioning didn't seemed interested in learning much about me, his son's own life by ignoring my attempts to bring up the subject. My Father from voice tone seemed shocked hearing that Olivia was married to Daisuke Yamato who both were currently raising Ian, Olga's son together. 
My Father commented some mysterious comment 'Deity wants deity gets.'
That was before abruptly ending the meeting by getting up and walking away. I found myself compelled to remain seated for thirty minutes timed on my watch. The watching sense went away abruptly is when I got up and walked back to the house. I found the time was six o'clock on the alarm clock by it blaring loudly in my bedroom after arriving there to sleep." 
He again yawned and leaned back in the couch while eyeing the TV still blaring to shut his eyes to come to hearing the doorbell ringing loudly. Guardian woke up finding the TV was still blaring. The time on the screen was indicating two hours had passed. 
He again heard the doorbell to laundry room groaned getting up and shaking his head of sleep and went to the laundry room's door yanking it open to see Daisuke.
Daisuke he saw gestured to objects on the floor while speaking "This junk is for the cat to take residence in your apartment. That's whenever Bob indicates on wanting to go there. So figure out what to do with the items. I'm not teaching you." 
He frowned eyeing Daisuke that went up the stairs after saying his words towards him. 
Guardian eyed the junk on the floor Daisuke called it to think "I find the stuff is familiar from what I read in a cat book Kendra gave me to read and from taking care of Batty caged." 
Guardian without a word hauled everything out of the laundry room into his bedroom. He shut the door to the laundry room once done and set the apartment ready for a cat to take residence. 
By putting the cat's litter box filled with litter in the bathroom due to finding a spot for it next to the toilet. He put the nourishment bowls in the living room next to the wall filling them with food and water. 
Guardian put the remaining food away into a cupboard he figured "I'll set aside for Bob, the cat, whenever I was expected to keep a fresh supply of food nourishment. It was for Bob visiting my apartment from whenever the gonoid wanted to do it." 
He felt himself tired again went to the TV shutting it off and turned off the living room lights by light switches in the hallway leading to his bedroom and bathroom. 
Guardian used the wall to blindly find his way to the bedroom finding the laundry room door after his hand whacked the doorknob. He groaned from the pain and then searched for the alarm clock. 
He came to realize "Bloody Hades, I had set that thing down in a way for its glowing in the dark digital numbered lights weren't blaring like a nightlight. The light blaring to me would wound up repeatedly waking me up during my sleep."
Guardian groaned again. 
He forced himself to slide his feet to the bed his lower leg whacking against the bed's edge. He groaned again and then blindly got himself into bed blankets covering him up to his chest. 
Guardian felt himself warmed by the blankets "Blast the apartment's internal computer not yet registering the apartment cold enough to turn the heat on. It did with the air conditioner whenever it registered heat outside too warm for Egyptians keeping me cool in the summer time during blasting heat waves. The computer has a mind of its own for not always turned on during other heated days. It's balking of the air conditioner turning on has wound up leaving me to sweat in bed with the windows forced open. "
He sighed as he lay in bed fluffing the pillow and reached blindly for the alarm clock to check the time finding it was after five o'clock in the afternoon. Despite the darkness which he set the thing down to block the glowing it gave off and shut his eyes finding himself relieved to be sleeping. 
Guardian wound up passing out unconscious till the sound of a doorbell blared waking him up from sleep. He shook himself awake still hearing the doorbell sounding two more times before cutting itself off. He hearing noises came from the laundry room door. 
Guardian groaned and turned on the lamp and adjusted the alarm clock to see only an hour had passed since he lain down asleep. Groaning he got up and cut his noises going to the door yanking it open to find Daisuke there flaring his familiar all black eyed look with an angry expression on the male's face. He sighed as Daisuke used his familiar voice and tone used whenever flaring the all black eyed look in the faces of him, Ian and Olivia and never anyone else period. 
Daisuke spoke "Talk on that you received a visitor so early this morning at four o'clock. Your apartment's doorbell was detected going off according to the computer I checked. It's from you looking too sleepy this morning and snoozing in the car too much. 
That includes you nearly falling asleep during church mass. You managed to shake that sleepiness status off once at the cemetery. The computer's motion detector is reporting you asleep an hour ago so talk now." 
Guardian groaned softly and spoke "I received a communiqué from people working for my Father taped to my door. It is always a post card from Elizabethan Island nation. The postcard had wording on what to do for meeting privately with his people to discuss various subjects I should be aware of."
He frowned as Daisuke's eyes narrowed which he added "The postcard instructed me to meet at the gazebo on the town's green at five o'clock in the morning as fast as I could. I arrived there ten minutes early. 
The person meeting me turned out to be my Father himself. He interrogated me heavily about Olivia and her Mother raiser Rita. He seemed shocked to being told that Olivia was married to you. 
My Father said this mysterious comment of 'Deity wants deity gets.' 
He said it before ending the meeting by walking away. 
Would this deity business have something to do with you having some non Egyptian abilities? Like what you're flaring at me with your eyes' change ability I'm seemingly aware of it?"
He clamped his mouth shut and eyed Daisuke who kept his eyes narrowed before speaking "Egyptians with unusual abilities that make them odd towards normal Egyptian standards are considered prizes for rulers to have in servitude. Those odd Egyptians are forced into serving the rulers for life. This along with doing what it takes to pass down that ability through selected females the ruler approves for them to mate with. 
I had run ins with people serving rulers over the years I lived. I outliving normal Egyptian life spans while traveling all over Egyptia. 
I always keeping myself out of serving their rulers once they figured out something unusual about me." 
Guardian gulped hearing Daisuke's confession as Daisuke continued talking "Besides once I reached Mahalia during Brittany's invasion is when I started that national cult group known today as Samira. The cult was just to get people to see Egyptians with unusual abilities deity like and do anything to worship them as their deity including doing whatever the deity orders them to do. 
The Samira group wound up mysteriously influenced quite heavily to worshipping some deity God known by the name of Lance Richard. This Lance Richard deity worshipping is still ongoing at the moment despite them not interested in worshipping anyone else displaying non Egyptian abilities." 
He exhaled a breath as Daisuke kept talking "Besides your Grandfather Owen your Father's Father as a young man through a female spy servant managed to get a hold of me through nosiness of asking Samira members. It was nosiness on who created the group and pretending to be a follower. It was when the information of me came out. 
Owen managed to find me living somewhere in Victoria State. Owen tried to force me into servitude repeatedly through various ways including threats. That despite I giving him resistance."
He groaned softly as Daisuke kept talking "I managed to get Owen to quit that behavior after taking out various females targeting him for wanting to be Queen. 
The females not caring about whether they loved him or not just as long as they were married to him to achieve the titled position soon after his Father passed away. It was I who helped Owen find the right female to declare as his wife. 
His declaration was from acquiring a Northern Columbian born female named Matilda. Matilda loved him for his personality after he anonymously went to college in Northern Columbia. Owen always had an interests in acquiring Matilda and she doing the same. 
I got them together after going to Northern Columbia to search for her. That was from his Father passing away required him to return to Mahalia to take the King position. 
I found Matilda and brought her to Owen she accepting that he was a King of a nation and still willing to be his wife."
Guardian sighed again as Daisuke kept talking "Owen from that day of marriage backed off on having me serve him and his descendants as a favor for finding him the right female he wanted as his wife. Your Father Nikolas from what he said in front of you seems to know about me from his Father telling him. 
He didn't realize that I would find a female unknowingly a part of the royal family to marry. That's from having multiple wives over the cycles I lived in Mahalia always outliving them. Hence he shocked to hear I married Olivia who you truthfully said is the Queen's daughter with another male." 
He sighed again as Daisuke's eyes turned Egyptian brown looking who added changing his voice tone "I expect you to keep your mouth shut on what I told you. I'll keep your secret of you being the King's son if you keep the secret of what I am period." 
He spoke finding himself compelled to agree "I agree with you on secrets to be kept but does Olivia know of what you just admitted towards me?"
He eyed Daisuke with a frown who spoke "Olivia wasn't fooled that I wasn't a normal Egyptian after taking me into her home to live in her apartment you're living in now. She somehow figured out that there was something special involving me. 
She wasn't fully told of what it was till she found me in bed with her. That happened after waking up in the morning to figure out that I took advantage of her through some drunken status.
I was actually drugged not drunk and she threatened to sicken the cops onto me. I told her everything and pleaded with her not to have me jailed. She appeared to accept what I was after showing my eye change ability to her. 
She managed to kick me out once it was apparent she was pregnant she believing the offspring was my child. Olivia threatened to sicken the cops onto me if I didn't leave. I still kept tabs on her through written communication towards her Mother raiser. 
Rita was very wordy on what was going on with Olivia due to thinking that I was asking for permission to court her which she gave."
Guardian spoke "Olivia agreeing to have this relationship with you and later marrying you?"
He frowned as Daisuke spoke "The relationship was pushed by Rita insisting towards Olivia to have a husband to help out with her adopted son Ian. She approved of me being the husband in Olivia's presence in my presence. 
Olivia wound up taking me in on a permanent basis to help out with her Mother suffering from cancer and raising Ian. 
It was this female Granny Kim who insisted on marriage to happen. Granny Kim told me of some rumor saying that Olivia was courted by two males seen acting mate friendly with her. This behavior was leaving people assuming that the males were friendly with each other and competing in some gambling bet on who could get Olivia in bed. 
Olivia was told of the rumor and from her angry wording in my presence was thinking of kicking you and I out of the house.
She wound up agreeing to the marriage after visiting her Mother in the hospital. Rita in my presence managed to get her to oath on marrying me just to have someone take care of her and Ian. I had the marriage happen right away. 
I arranged a town meeting as ordered by the Mayor. The Mayor hinting to the public that a local couple not identified wanted to get married. The Mayor was also hinting on wanting to have everyone in the town to be there for the ceremony which was done. 
Those rumors related towards Olivia were stopped as a result of that." 
He sighed softly as Daisuke stopped talking to give him a narrowed eyed glare with suspicion in the eyes' look which he spoke "Ugh don't know what you're implying." 
He frowned as Daisuke spoke "Owen had some unusual mental ability involved with detecting people spying onto him. It didn't matter if they were from hidden statuses or shown for him to see them doing it. A trait he passed down onto his son Nikolas who has shown to inherited that ability so talk if you got it." 
He sighed and spoke "I have that ability as inherited. Have you have any psychic abilities someone told me that I have that I have experience in?"
Guardian frowned eyeing Daisuke who looked up the stairs before resuming looking at him looking nervous and he speaking "That psychic abilities is a part of a religious belief that I dubbed Bitchy. Don't ask me for why I dub it that insult name. I find it insulting anyway. 
It's turning out to be a religion that is getting a hold among the older folks in the Samira group at the moment. They have dropped out of the group as a result. 
They've been using various psychic related abilities also known as part of the Bitchy religion to gain money on the side from superstitious people. Those people suckers into willing to believe anything including predictions they tell them just to get currency from it. 
Those people have managed to get some younger people not in the Samira group but appearing to not have anything related towards religions into the Bitchy religion. I suspect is what happened to you by you saying that you have experience in it." 
He groaned loudly hearing Daisuke's words as Daisuke gave him a glare with suspicion in his eyes again.
He spoke "Yes that's exactly what happened to me involving the Bitchy religion you call it involving psychic abilities. Some old woman pushed the belief onto me very strongly after saying some accurate predictions involving me having an injury to my left arm. 
Hence the scar marking there which it actually happened. I wound up as a believer as a result. I haven't been that faithful in following the religion's customs since I've moved into here. I haven't bothered to do anything related to it after I got into this apartment. I haven't seemed interested in practicing its customs." 
Guardian clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Daisuke to hear loudly "Days why are you down there too long talking to Guard? You promised that you would help me put the dishes away from the dishwasher. And see about getting Ian to bed tonight since he's been quite stubborn on when its time for him to sleep." 
He eyed Daisuke who spoke looking nervous "Got to go see you."
He frowned hearing the nervous voice tone from Daisuke and watched as the male darted up the stairs in a fast move to hear a door slam shut.
Guardian sighed thinking to himself "Bloody Hades, appears it's Olivia who's running this marriage at the moment. That's judging by Daisuke's facial expression and voice sounding nervous. It's a pity on that." 
He shut the door to hear a faint scratching sound coming from the area seemingly lengthy with the scratching as he went to sit on the bed. 
He groaned and went to the door yanking it open to see Bob streak inside a blur of orange heading out of the bedroom. He shut the door and left it unlocked and felt himself too tired to entertain the cat in the living room. 
Guardian went back to bed throwing the blankets up to his chest and shutting off the lamp. He sighed as he shut his eyes allowing himself to sleep passing out unconscious. 

Guardian came to hearing a loud meow sounding in his left ear waking him up along with feeling a cat's paw pawing his face. He groaned to reach over to turn on the lamp to eye Bob sitting on the bed as the doorbell to his apartment blared unexpectedly making him check for the time. He found the time was midnight. 
Guardian got up darting towards the door turning on the living room lights to peer through the peephole finding the light on but no one in sight. He groaned rubbing a hand on his forehead and yanked open the door to find a familiar postcard taped to the door. He took the postcard off the door shutting the door to find Bob in the living room giving off a meow in a questioning tone to him. 
Guardian ignored Bob to read the note on the postcard "Gazebo, now immediately!" 
He sighed and without a word got himself into winter gear. Guardian grabbed a flashlight and his keys which he shut off the lights to his apartment and walked out locking the door making sure that Bob didn't sneak out with him. 
He groaned softly as he traveled in the cold the grass making crunching noises underneath his boots and reached the sidewalk taking it to the town's green. Guardian saw a light of a smoker sitting there which he assumed was Warwick shut off the flashlight and went to sit down and cleared his throat. 
Guardian thought to himself after a silence of no talking "What's going on? Besides the cigarette smoke is making me disgusted. I used to have a smoking habit myself but I quit once I was hospitalized with my arm injury. The doctors' got me to quit."
Guardian spoke "Smoking is bad for you anyway." 
He heard in response in Warwick's familiar voice "What does this Daisuke Yamato as he's called now knows about you and Olivia?"
Guardian spoke "Daisuke admitted to having some non Egyptian deity abilities. He has been flaunting the abilities in my presence including in the presences of Ian and Olivia as claimed to me. Olivia has as claimed to me, already figured out what makes him so special. 
Daisuke has admitted one of the abilities includes an ability to detect lies. He flaunted that to me and got me to admit the whole story about who I am and what Olivia is to me. That happened after catching us together in some compromising mate friend position. And yes he does know of the deception related to Olivia's original son and she dumped her sister's son to raise."
He heard a hiss of breath as he added "I was told of the offspring deception by the doctor called by the name of Hammad Ashar. The doctor himself blabbed everything while he was monitoring Olivia after she gave birth. This doctor appeared to know who I was the moment he laid eyes onto me by a shocked expression forming on his face after our first meeting. He indicated he knew who I was by saying it. 
He spoke using a Victoria state accent only alone in my presence at meetings for me to both my apartment and me to check up on a comatose Olivia herself with her Mother raiser not within earshot. The doctor used a West Allied state accent in front of Daisuke, Olivia and her Mother raiser. 
Besides Daisuke when told a lie by me in front of the presences of Olivia and her Mother raiser has habitually not been that wordy in response to my lies. He appeared to have that habit when the doctor told lies in my presence. This happened after catching the doctor in the laundry room the inner entrance to my apartment from the house talking to me repeatedly instead of being near Olivia to monitor her. 
The doctor has repeatedly in private given me medical information on what he's been doing towards Olivia to keep her in some drugged sleep status. That includes with admitting on doing it towards her Mother raiser whenever she brings up the subject of Olivia's offspring in his presence."
He again heard a hiss as he paused from talking to continue "He did admit that the drugged sleep status was to keep Olivia from inquiring about her son. She woke up to give birth to the baby during a spinner storm raging outside cutting the power. He drugged her back to sleep soon after that. 
The doctor admitted to me that he tried to keep the baby's birth from being known to her Mother raiser who checked onto them. Rita found the baby due to him giving off noises. Her Mother raiser told me of the baby's birth and according to the doctor had gotten a hold of the baby during the power outage. It was while the doctor was trying to communicate to a hospice vehicle to come take the baby away. 
It took him three hours till communication was established which the offspring was taken. That happened despite Rita her Mother raiser's name giving up a big fight on not wanting to give up her grandson. She wound up locking herself in the first floor bathroom with him inside. The door had to be smashed to gain entrance and she hit with sleeping darts enough to not give up resistance to the baby taken away. 
The doctor admitted that after the medics left with the baby is when he gave Rita a sleep drug that appeared to be slow taking effect. She was able to get to my apartment and tell me of being drugged. 
I helped her up the stairs to the couch and she passed out from the looks of it. I went to meet the doctor who admitted knowing who I was without me saying anything towards him."
He stopped talking to frown hearing a cough sound from Warwick who he saw through the moonlight got up to stub out the cigarette. 
Then Warwick resumed sitting next to him which he heard "There's people in the King's circle among the government officials not yet indentified that have others speaking for them. Their hinting very strongly that you as the first born son should be the heir to the throne. They don't seem to care that the Queen was the one who talked your Father out of making that declaration despite some jealousy towards the female who bore you. 
The Queen reportedly suspects on who she is despite identity not confirmed or said to her yet. The Queen is seemingly jealous enough to think that this female would target her husband with marriage on her mind. Including be successful in breaking up her marriage with the King if you were publicity known and declared the heir. 
This is something the Queen doesn't want to happen in the first place."
He spoke as Warwick paused "What about the male that fathered Olivia? The Queen reportedly cheated on due to some fight with her husband? Making her doing it and my Father doing the same thing?"
Guardian frowned eyeing Warwick who cleared his throat and spoke "The male in question after the Queen's second daughter was secretly born, a secret DNA test used among the staff finding a match, was ordered assassinated in some fake attempt assassination on the King. It was done by hired assassins willing to do that job for a high money sum who managed to kill him successfully. 
The male by DNA test matched, was reportedly, a hired bodyguard to the Queen. The hired bodyguard has been repeatedly, targeting her, she resisting, in mate friendship behavior, as observed by staff. The staff members have repeatedly caught them both in mate friendly compromising positions. She acting mad once caught as usual. 
The staff weren't fooled by the deception of she was cheating on her husband as flaunted to their faces by the bodyguard after being caught. 
Besides there's multiple recordings of the bodyguard admitting to some other bodyguards in the service of wanting the Queen as his wife. And an admittance of doing what it takes to break up her marriage to the King so he could have her as his."
He frowned hearing that as Warwick paused to clear his throat and added "There's a recording of the Queen acting very hysterically upset and out of it not aware of her surroundings while walking in the hallway. The not aware status was determined by judging by the way the Queen bumped into things while weave walking in the hallway after leaving the King's office. She was overheard by staff to have a nasty public argument with the King in front of the staff meeting there, just prior to the bodyguard found her. 
The recorders show the bodyguard getting the Queen into some gym room. She was determined to be appearing to not realize that she was brought to the gym room with no recorders to indicate on what happened in there. 
The bodyguard apparently mated with her and once done with the mating appeared to be aware of her out of it status by recorded carrying her out of the room she appearing to look like she had passed out. The recorders tracked him down several hallways appearing to head towards the back entrance of the house. 
It was where the King on a coincidence was already there who got the bodyguard to give up the Queen who was carried to their bedroom. Two hours later the King came out of the bedroom looking angry and went out of the house by the back entrance reportedly overheard saying that he wanted to take a ride around Capital City which his order was obeyed."
Guardian spoke "What's with the story of a miscarriage used for her second pregnancy?"
He eyed Warwick who spoke after giving off a cough "The second daughter's looks of skin coloring, hair, face and eyes were after birth apparently inherited from her Father the bodyguard. That inheritance would make people bring up questions that the King didn't want to answer to the public. Hence he having the second pregnancy be known as a miscarriage. 
The Queen to this day to the King in presences of staff members has maintained a story of passing out in the hallway after getting very hysterically upset with her husband trashing her in some argument. She not remembering what happened after that or how she got to bed she found herself in it with her nightgown on."
He frowned to eye Warwick who spoke "As for the King fathering you he still maintains this story of going out for a lengthy ride in Capital City and ordering the vehicle to a hotel. It was where a popular movie production crew was reportedly known to staying for doing some filming work in the city for popular movies. 
That included the actress he met on a coincidence in the hallway who invited him to stay in her room. She claiming to have an extra bed which they wound up mating with each other in there during the night he stayed with her."
Guardian frowned as Warwick continued "Recorders show him entering the hotel through the back entrance and making a very strong beeline to a hotel room without stopping to talk to the staff members. He didn't tell the staff members on the way to privately register him as their supposed to do towards people who wish to keep themselves anonymous to stay at the hotel without press finding out. 
The hotel room he was seen beeline to approached and entered with a key card from a pocket on his person was reportedly registered to a well known international actress. She was reportedly said to be using a fake name by the staff. That status has always been given to that actress that numbered room whenever she checks in that hotel."
Guardian looked at Warwick despite the moonlight pale who added "I can't help you any more on her identity. Your Father and the hotel have been tight lipped on who she is. 
She has not yet publicity admitting to being your Mother despite your Father doing it and balking on showing you publicity. You judging by your looks have appeared to have inherited your Father's hair color including the unusual long hair length for males in the family. That despite your Father keeping his hair cut short. 
You have appeared to inherited his eyes' color but your face and skin coloring looks of you indicate it's inherited from your Mother actually."
He frowned to rub a hand on his cheek as Warwick cleared his throat and again spoke "The actress the King reportedly mated with conceiving you as rumored. She was rumored to have had some heavy cosmetic surgery done involving altering her face, adjusting her breasts' size and making her body thinner just prior to getting into the acting profession. 
This was rumored was from numerous Mahalia native actresses after they retire from acting due to old age have come out publicity admitting to this cosmetic surgery work already done on their bodies. That's just prior to getting into the acting profession offered in Mahalia. They'll look ideally perfect to the producers when auditioning for parts in movies. 
The producers as stated by them are looking for actresses with a certain appearance for those movies that have turned out to be worldwide popular among the Egyptians. It's a popularity of twin looks that's still ongoing at the moment hence the Mahalia native producers repeatedly making movies with the same type of females in them. 
That's due to thinking the looks are the reason why people are viewing those movies very heavily just to ogle the females."
Guardian frowned hearing that from Warwick which he heard a beep sound followed by the male adding "My time away is up, excuse me." 
He watched as Warwick walked out of the gazebo flashlight in hand shining in front of him. He sighed and got up turning on his flashlight and speed walked to home due to feeling chilled by the cold from sitting so long. Guardian got to his apartment to find the stairwell light blaring on again. He groaned and got inside checking for Bob and shut the door not seeing the cat around as he shut off the flashlight. Guardian turned on the living room lights near the door to find to his shock Daisuke standing in his living room with an all black eyed glare wearing his familiar Samira clothes on his form with arms folded eyes narrowing seeing him. Guardian groaned and pulled out the postcard from his pocket he forgot to shred and toss away and held it up in Daisuke's line of sight. 
Guardian spoke "The King's staff member who meets me privately from time to time regardless of location and where I am wanted a meeting with me immediately. 
That's after having someone waking me up by ringing my doorbell and leaving this taped to my door with it noted to go meet him right away. I did that and I'm back from doing it." 
He frowned inwardly getting nothing from Daisuke who jabbed a finger in his direction and resumed folding his arms eyes still narrowed which he sighed softly. 
He spoke "The meeting was at the gazebo on the town green which is always the meeting spot during the dark time hours. 
I haven't met Warwick is his name during the day very much. It's actually due to fears of people from his past recognizing him enough to interfere with our meetings and converse with him too much. He's originally from West Allied state as in born and raised in state all over before leaving to college in Victoria state. It is where he was roped into serving the King as a hidden representative to secretly talk to me from time to time during my time of being raised by my Mother raiser. 
This happened before it came out that he came from my Father actually which the secret meetings is still ongoing at the moment. I have met my Father on occasion secretly after it came out that he fathered me. I recently met him on the morning of Rita's funeral. 
He didn't seem interested in wanting to know anything about me during the meeting despite me bringing up the subject repeatedly."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Daisuke who again jabbed another finger aimed at him before resuming folding his arms eyes still in their narrowed look. 
He groaned softly "Bloody Hades, I figured out that Daisuke wanted the information said during the meeting hence he indicated this." 
Guardian again spoke the meeting's contents entirely from memory and then clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Daisuke. 
Daisuke spoke "Interesting. I admit it that I'm the assassin that took out that bodyguard in some fake assassination attempt done onto your Father actually."
He stiffened from Daisuke's admittance who added "Your Father complained to me during a private nightly meeting of a bodyguard he couldn't remove from service without killing him. The bodyguard he whined about was targeting his wife for mate friendship behavior who managed to get an offspring born from her. 
Your Father whined on having to give up the offspring due to the daughter's looks were twin to the male in question. Your Father was told that I would handle the situation of permanently. It involved putting the bodyguard down on a permanent basis in some fake assassination attempt on his life. 
Once the opportunity arrived for me to do that job with no time frame of when I was planning on doing it. I managed to do the assassination while the King was out in an open vehicle on the street for some holiday parade honoring King's day. 
By making the bodyguard suffer some heart stopping ailment using my mental powers. He collapsed onto the road dead getting people alarmed seeing that happened who got your Father out of the parade route and into some place safe."
Guardian gulped hearing that from Daisuke who continued talking "The presses had a field day with that incident calling it a botched assassination onto the King. 
They wound up going around that a government official wanted his titled position and doing what it takes to get it. Even if it meant having the King permanently removed from position in some departed status involving lights extinguished. 
Oh a government official of parliament was blamed for that botched assassination by the presses was voted out of office. The government official was reportedly saying some negative remark about the King to the public during a speech. 
The public wound up booing him at the time he gave his speech and they finding his speech boring. That government official wound up later killed in some car accident of his car blown up with him inside. 
The Dead Keeper said that the explosion caused his death. His death was really me causing him to have a heart ailment. By me stopping his car on a quiet deserted road trying to get a ride and pushing his car off a cliff after driving it to there with him dead inside which it exploded once reaching the bottom."
Guardian again gulped hearing Daisuke's confession who added "I admitted my secrets to you so talk on what you have been doing actually despite appearing to look law abiding?"
He groaned softly and spoke "My Mother raiser before it came out that she wasn't my Mother and the King, my Father died in a car accident of a drunk driver driving the wrong way on a highway. Drunkard crashed his car into her car head on reportedly killing her instantly. 
Drivers have come forwards to saying that they driving on that road have claimed to easily avoiding the drunkard's car after the accident was broadcasted on the local news. 
The drunkard some guy named Budge used some insanity defense during his court trial on accusations of manslaughter. The courts' three judges agreed with him and gave him one year of psychiatric counseling. He was later found dead drowned in the bottom of a lake wearing a chain around his ankles attached to a heavy cement block. 
The police have refused to close the case of Budge's death. 
I calling Budge's death a suicide due to that there was a small row boat with intentions of holding something heavy on it found on the surface just above where he was found. 
The police have instead have called the death a murder case. They have given me various ridiculous claims to me to why they kept the case open. That's despite my attempts to get the case closed or not believing me telling them it was suicide."
He groaned as Daisuke spoke "And where were you during the accident that killed your Mother raiser and during Budge's death actually?"
Guardian gulped and spoke "I was in the car in the back seat as ordered to sit there. 
My Mother raiser was angry at me for overstaying at a friend's house pass curfew time of ten o'clock. She having to come get me home due to not trusting me to walk home in the dark. Traffic was being heavy at that time of night. She was really angry at me and drove quite a bit erratically passing cars and speeding. 
The drunkard's car crashed into her car after she made an attempt to pass another car with no warning of the drunkard driving ahead the wrong way seen. That's how she died anyway. Besides I had nothing to do with Budge's suicide anyway." 
He clamped his mouth shut as Daisuke spoke "You sure of that, Guardian?"
He stiffened hearing Daisuke using his nickname instead of the name Guard. 
Guardian stiffened further realizing "I haven't told Daisuke the Guardian name or said it to Rita or Olivia either."
Guardian spoke "How did you get the name Guardian anyway? I never told you of that nickname. Or mentioned that name to Rita or Olivia or anyone in town when introducing myself to people for the name Guard was always used." 
Guardian eyed Daisuke narrowing his eyes with suspicion in them as the male spoke "I’m a deity I'm supposed to know secret things people try to keep hidden. Guardian talk about what happened after the drunkard crashed his car into your Mother raiser's car." 
Guardian sighed and spoke "I don't remember exactly due to blacking out after the car was hit. It's when I came to finding myself hauled into an ambulance wearing restraints on my form and feeling very angry. Then passing out again with angry feelings whenever waking up restrained despite a change of clothes with the angry feelings keeping on hitting me and me passing out repeatedly over and over."
He clamped his mouth shut eyeing Daisuke who spoke jabbing a finger aimed at him "You will remember what you're in denial about, Guardian. You will remember what's involving the deaths of your Mother raiser and this male named Budge now." 
Guardian stiffened as a headache arrived hitting his head making him bent down groaning as he recalled fully his Mother raiser's car hit by Budge's car. 
He recalled to himself while speaking loudly not caring that he was doing it "She was still alive after the crash.
I unbuckled my seatbelt and got into the front seat to check my Mother raiser over. She was looking at me with some odd confused look on her face. It was like she never saw me before along with having a gash on her forehead indicating a head injury. I wound up putting a hand on her throat gagging her she not giving resistance to that. 
I then wound up speaking in some odd voice tone sounding of your voice 'Your time on Egyptia has come to an end goodbye.'" 
Guardian continued to grimace as he added loudly "I got her to close her eyes and then grabbed her head with both hands giving it a sharp twist cracking her neck. I then went back to the back seat and buckling up the seatbelt and feeling rage hitting me. 
The rage made me unbuckle the seatbelt and attack the car door on my side of the car with great Egyptian strength bending it open. That along with getting out going to Budge's car to yank the car door with great strength then took the male unconscious out.
I recalled started punching him in the front not caring on where the fist was landing till some electrical jolt hit me from behind. The jolt like feeling making me hit the ground becoming a bit paralysis. I saw myself lifted up onto a stretcher restrained and hauled into the ambulance.
I continued to remember myself contained in some mental asylum." 
Guardian quit his talk to mentally think to himself "I recalling saying over and over ranting like a lunatic 'I am Guardian the Keeper of life and death.' 
I was ranting those words."
He straightened up his form removing his hands to eye Daisuke that spoke "Talk on what you remember involving your Mother raiser now." 
Guardian frowned finding Daisuke seemed to have confusion in his voice tone "Bloody Hades, this indicated to me that I spoke in a foreign language Daisuke couldn't translate. Hence his confusion sensed and silence heard in response to my talk."
Guardian obeyed talking the death of his Mother raiser fully. Guardian included what he was saying while contained in some mental asylum ranting words over and over. He talked on hearing himself saying including what they were.
He cut himself off as he saw Daisuke take a step back with a look of fear on his face that spoke "Budge what do you remember involving him?"
Guardian heard the nervousness in Daisuke's voice tone frowned but stiffened as he thought "I recalled myself after the trial swearing Budge dead and doing what it took to have him die for mercy killing to my Mother raiser. I remember something involving transporting myself from one place to another. The transportation happened after mentally saying certain words to a Tut and a Yerra to transport me. I ordering a Tut and a Yerra to transport me to Budge's location for me to kill that male. 
I wound up hearing a mental male voice sounding in my mind that he'll wipe the knowledge of me and my actual purpose on Egyptia if I actually went through with the murder. 
I recalled finding myself not caring on the male's words to mentally give the transportation order. I found myself standing in a living room with Budge asleep on the couch that appeared to not wake up. I went to Budge grabbing the male's head and gave it a twist finding him dead from that neck snapping. 
I again ordered to a Tut and a Yerra 'Tut, Yerra, transport me and Budge's body to the nearest lake. So I can to depose into there.'
My order was obeyed finding myself in a row boat in the middle of the lake appearing to be anchored.
I told by a female voice mentally 'The anchor to the row boat is a cement block holding it in place.' 
I hauled up with great strength by chain breaking it apart and wrapped it around Budge's ankles before tossing the male overboard seeing him sink. 
I wound up ordering Tut 'Transport me home Tut.'
Tut sounded in a male voice via my mind 'Once your home I'm mind wiping your actual purpose as Guardian and protector of the planetary world Egyptia. That includes being the hand that gives death towards deathless manoids living on this planetary world. 
Your purpose towards deathless manoids that have reached the end of their life's purpose of living will be removed from your mind. You're able to kill the deathless manoids is by any normal way of killing manoids. That despite them surviving such death attempts by other manoids doing it to them. 
Their death by your hand happens once the Guardian life force within you gets activated to do it. Hence you killing your Mother raiser due to your mental powers got accidentally triggered by the car accident and you killed her as a result.'" 
Guardian stiffened from the thoughts of the memory running in his mind to eye Daisuke still looking nervous. 
He spoke sounding annoyed "The cops are right. Budge's death wasn't suicide but murder. I just remembered doing that deed to him myself before willing myself to forget doing it." 
He clamped his mouth shut eyeing Daisuke who spoke "Excuse me. I think I should be in bed with Olivia before she wakes up and discovers me gone." 
He watched as Daisuke speed walked away and followed him to the laundry room door who slammed the door after opening and running out. 
He sighed thinking to himself "Daisuke figured out what my actual purpose was. I as Guardian of Egyptia was hence he nervous in his presence and wanting to be away from me before I did anything involving ending his life." 
Guardian didn't say a word went to bed after stripping himself of his clothes putting on his pajama shorts. He feeling the heat in the apartment running which he got onto the bed and shut his eyes after turning off the lamp and lying down passing out unconscious. 

Part Three: Discovered

Guardian came to hearing the alarm blaring its noises and sighed waking up in the apartment he was staying in, in Capital City in Victoria State. 
He thought to himself "It was a lunar cycled month later after kicked out of staying in the apartment in West Allied state by Daisuke ordering me out. Daisuke appeared to be nervous but firm in the kicked out status order.
I recalled Daisuke got me a suitcase and told me 'You're to use for your shoes, clothes and personal purchased body hygienic items for carrying out of here immediately.' 
I wound up told 'You overstayed your welcome living for free. You should be living independently by yourself. You should be paying your own way and lifestyle instead. 
The apartment is going to be reserved for people who lost everything in disasters. It's for them to have shelter to get back on their feet and then move out once it was apparent. They had the money to afford a dwelling and a job to pay for it.'
I recalling that I packed everything I owned in the suitcase underneath Daisuke's watchful eye.
He wound up saying 'I protest to you trying to pack the alarm clock very strongly.'
I wound up tossing the alarm clock onto the bed. Once done packing got the suitcase out of the door as ordered by Daisuke.
Daisuke wound up telling me 'You're to hit the porch and wait for a hired driver to come pick you up.'"'

He frowned getting up from bed a large sized mattress on the floor on top of a box spring he found in the bedroom of the three room apartment. He used as his bed he lived in while shopping around Capital City finding the necessity items he needed to live there. Guardian recalled "The hired car in West Allied state arrived. 
Olivia gave me an envelope telling me 'You're to open while in the car.' 
I did and found a plane ticket to Capital City in Victoria State. That included along with a postcard from Elizabethan Island having an address on it with wording indicating on going there for residence living. 
The van's driver drove me to the airport which I got inside with other passengers. That after depositing my suitcase for them to process and getting through security to the plane finding it easily which took me and others to Capital City flying seemingly lengthy in the air to me. 
The plane's flight was making me bored enough to sleep which I did during the ride to Victoria state." 
Guardian sighed to go put on sweats of sweatshirt and a sweatshirt top to go to the hallway to his spare room. The hallway led to the living room stopping inside on the rugged floor to do his stretching exercises along with practicing his karate. He finished with the exercises went into the living room kitchen combination to the refrigerator. 
Yanking out some food bought from the grocery store yesterday and made his familiar omelet meal on the stove with the pan also bought from another store specializing in kitchen ware. He ate out of the pan once the eggs were finished cooked with a fork and then dumped the dishes in the sink washing them and ignoring the dishwasher unit sitting in the kitchen. That ignorance was towards the microwave parked above the stove in some silver color like the rest of the appliances were colored. 
He heard the doorbell ringing loudly went to the door to peer through the peephole finding Warwick to his shock standing outside that looked annoyed to him. He yanked open the door and without a word gestured for Warwick to come inside.
Guardian slammed the door shut and gave the male a glare speaking "Don't tell me that I'm going back to West Allied state after a month of staying here with no word or contact from you or my Father. That despite me repeatedly sending postcards to the King's residence each week on my location." 
He glared at Warwick that gave up a groan sound and undid his long jacket showing a suit underneath that pulled out a thick rolled set of papers held by a band. 
Warwick spoke "It’s a tabloid focused on West Allied state. Check the cover and you'll find one interesting headline and the story on page fifteen. This was caught circulating in Georgina at the regular newsstands. I can't say if the news it's holding will catch people's interests or not so check it out. Besides your Father is already aware of what that tabloid has been sprouting."
He frowned but undid the band tossing it on the counter to straighten up the newspaper appearing to be shaped like a magazine. 
He scanned the cover all over till a headline he saw caught his eye saying "I'm the Mother." 
He frowned as he turned to page fifteen to see it showed as a focus a picture of a well known older actress named Lila Lesley. Guardian frowned staring at the woman's picture finding nothing to indicate his face on her face. 
He read the article below her picture "I'm Lila Lesley the Mother. I was the one who had the King's first born son conceived in a hotel room. I hid the pregnancy from the public while hiding in Northern Territory in secret among natives of a small town who weren't that blabby about me living there. 
I later birth him in some one room cabin attended by the town's female midwife. The midwife wound up taking the baby as her own after she expressed interested in adopting him." 
He fumed reading the article further finding that Lila Lesley said "I agreed to give the baby to the midwife due to having an acting career I was hoping to further. I admitting to the tabloid I didn't need a child to interfere with my goals of achieving fame and wealth. 
I achieved my goals and then retired in West Allied state where I was from." 
Guardian felt himself annoyed instead of angry as he continued to read the article "I'm stated that I was coming forwards now, admitting to being the King's first born son's Mother. I was doing the admittance now to helping to settle the heated debate on who should take the throne once the current King was unable to keep his titled duties. I'm saying that my son should take the throne period." 
He found the article ended looked at Warwick after shutting the tabloid closed who spoke "She's not your Mother as stated in the tabloid. 
The King in the Queen's presence after shown this tabloid gave me the actual name of the woman he mated with in a hotel room. I'm not at liberty to say who she is to you yet. 
Lila Lesley according to background checks on her is an actual family member of a deceased government official that was fingered for a botched assassination attempt onto your Father too many cycles ago. Then later was found dead in some car explosion in some ravine after reportedly driven his car off a cliff into the area. 
The government official's family has reportedly claimed publicity that he was murdered and body dumped in his car rigged to blow up after driven off the cliff to hit the ravine down below. They claim murder due to saying that he wouldn't be driving on that road from some strong fear of heights. They claim that he has been known by them to avoid driving on roads like that due to his fear."
Guardian frowned hearing that as Warwick added "Mister Yamato was immediately contacted once the tabloid was found. He was told to have you kicked out of residence immediately. 
That along with you sent to here in Victoria state immediately by plane ticket provided by courier. The courier dropping it during an emergency drop off early in the morning is when he was contacted to do that kick out by delivering a message from me to do it." 
He stiffened hearing Warwick's words as the male continued talking "Your former President boss at Trick Party reportedly currently owns the building your living in. 
He was contacted via a Sally Lyons contacted to contact him to give you an apartment to live here rent free. Lucky you. There was one available due to an eviction happening which you were given the apartment. 
It was him who provided the bed for you to sleep on. 
He did say through Ms Lyons that you were to furnish the apartment yourself with whatever furniture and necessity items you could afford via the monthly pension money your still on at the moment. He, through Ms Lyons had a document signed up stating that the monthly pension your on was to be given for life. 
Mostly via family members and Trick factory providing the money but was strongly firm on the amount to be given to you. The amount is currently fixed at six hundred pounds a month period. 
He also said that you're free to live in available apartment residences rent free in buildings he currently owns as long as you want to live there. Lucky for us he owns apartment buildings all over Mahalia. 
It shouldn't be a problem moving you around if the King feels that your hidden position is being threatened at the location your at. It's when he'll have you move either to out of state or to another location within the state." 
He heard a beep as Warwick paused then the male added "Time's up time for me to go so hand me back that newspaper." 
He obeyed putting the newspaper back into a roll along with the band holding it in place and tossed Warwick the tabloid who caught it putting it back into a coat pocket.
Guardian spoke "What am I supposed to do while living here?"
He eyed Warwick that spoke "Don't worry something will be figured out for you once it's obvious it can be done. I'll see myself out." 
Guardian watched Warwick walk out of the apartment gently shutting the door and mentally spoke to himself "I wonder what I'm doing anyway? I also wonder what my purpose is going to be other than being the Guardian of Life and Death."
He heard nothing to answer his question in response. 

Guardian frowned from the memory in his mind as he stood in front of a tall towering apartment building's doors while wearing a doorman uniform and hat on his head. That despite hair pulled back into a tail due to having his hair down frowned by the Doormen association. Also by the inhabitants of the building dubbed Chelsea by the sign on its doors in the city of Yekaterinburg surrounded by multiple tall towering buildings. 
He sighed softly thinking to himself "I wound up recalling getting a familiar postcard with an address written on it the next day taped to my door after the doorbell rang. The doorbell's noises wound up waking me up from sleep in my Capital City apartment. 
The postcard included an envelope behind it with a plane ticket to a city called Yekaterinburg in Republic state bordering West Allied state. I was expected to arrive at the airport in two hours." 
He frowned inwardly "I had to use a hired driver to get me to the airport after cramming all of my clothes and personal items into my suitcase. I wound up dressing in my familiar cheapo suit and getting to the airport on time. I had managed to get to the plane despite sensing myself spied on in the airplane's docking station while on the way to the plane I forced to ignore." 
Guardian frowned further as he saw a limo arrived parked at the curb in front of the building and sighed thinking "Bloody Hades, it's belonging to one of the inhabitants some starlet actress was living in the building. It was due to the female was always disguised by a head scarf covering her head and big sunglasses on her face." 
He eyed the limo as the driver got out and yanked the passenger door open showing a young woman coming out. She having her arms loaded with bags from stores he saw were within the city and walked towards his direction. He sighed seeing the woman looked like she was recently hired for modeling work judging by her tall as his height. 
He recalling from his mind of conversations overheard "Mahalia's stinking, snobby, modeling world had select females to reach a height requirement for models to take jobs modeling mostly focused into Republic State. Bloody Hades, who's idea was it for me to get this stinking job?!"
He turned his form and opened one of the glass doors seeing another set inside cutting his thoughts. 
Guardian figured "I'll have to open that door as well judging by her loaded with bags." 
He waited as the woman walked inside. He speed walked passed her and got the other glass door open letting her inside she walking without giving him a thank you comment. He went back to his post resuming standing outside in front of one of the doors.
Guardian added to his thoughts "I'm feeling annoyed with having to do this job despite given a monthly pension. Why couldn't I do something else instead of this stinking job? It's not answering my question regarding my purpose in my life other than being this Guardian of Life and Death. Bloody Hades!" 
He continued to feel himself further annoyed on arriving to Republic state to go to the address on the post card via taxi cab driver. He discovered that it was a house bordering a river with Yekaterinburg city sky line in view of it. Guardian paid the driver via hand print got out along with his suitcase and went up to the front door ringing the doorbell. 
Guardian didn't have long to wait till the door was opened by an older female looking around Rita's age while seemingly looking annoyed to him. 
She he heard spoke "Your Guard Beers?"
He thinking to himself "I recalling had spoken 'Yes I was directed to go to this address.' 
I eyed her who spoke 'The name is Daria Mustafina. I'm your landlord of the apartment your to be living in. I'll show you where it is.'" 
Guardian frowned from memory of her name to think "I recall that Republic state was formed by refugees of the rebellion war against the Tsarina at the time in Republics of the Tsar. The refugees came to Mahalia and formed Republic state soon after Victoria state was formed for the Brittany natives to live there." 
He didn’t say a word to the memory as he added "I recalled eyeing Daria I assumed I'll call her as she walked out of the house and went around the corner me following. I was lugging my heavy suitcase due to the wheels broken following her to reach a set of stairs on the side of the house going up. 
She handed me a key and spoke 'Good luck.' 
I took the keys and hauled the suitcase up the stairs to get inside the apartment. I saw was a one room apartment. It was only furnished with a mattress and bed spring on the floor near the doorway entrance." 
Guardian kept his attention onto the cars driving by adding "I wound up looking around to find a door to the house with a sign on it saying 'Tenants no entrance.'
I finding a hallway leading to a bathroom with a window and a tub shower combination inside and a large closet in the hallway. The closet included a small washer and dryer combination machine from the looks of it.
I put away my clothes I was wearing inside the closet. I put away my personal items around the apartment and then put on jeans and a sweatshirt top. I went to explore the apartment fully. 
I found nothing to indicate food. 
I looked around and found a phone book sitting on the kitchen unit's counter and a phone attached to the wall. I gave the phone book a through check finding it involved the city's businesses along with food." 
He sighed from the memory to think "I wound up to figuring out that I had to call for a hired driver to drive me into the city for him to get food and necessity stuff. 
The doorbell rang while I was looking through the phone book. 
I went to answer finding Daria at the outside entrance handing him a folder she speaking 'Read it.' 
I obeyed to take the folder and watched her go down the stairs. I shut the doors in response making sure not to slam them. 
I found the folder contained what I was supposed to be doing while living at the apartment. It involved working around the yard after getting the necessity items from the shed in the backyard that also involved lawn mowing, shoveling the sidewalk and removing the snow from the driveway. I found that included making sure that the front yard looked neat to standards according to the instructions I found from Daria." 
Guardian groaned from the memory to focus onto the cars in the city's road driving by slowly some in the color of yellow indicating on taxis by the signs on the top. 
He eyed them warily as another limo stopped with a driver getting out to stand near the passenger door and appeared to be waiting. He looked behind him turning sideways waiting patiently as a black haired older woman with some grey in her hair came into view with a teenaged blonde female with her. 
He wound up holding out the outer door for them both once he saw them. He stood and waited as they both walked out appearing to ignore him holding the door. That despite the teenager looking his direction and smirking before they both went into the limo by the driver opening the door for them. 
Guardian shut the door and resumed his position to think "I'm feeling myself annoyed with having to take this boring doorman job just to have something to do while living in Yekaterinburg. I was told of having a pension that was paying for my monthly rent entirely.
I found out from Warwick later visiting me the next day after I moved in. 
Warwick had the doorman's uniform with him and told me of the job at the Chelsea apartment building that was starting the next day. The job was reportedly according to Warwick was paying me about a six hundred pound salary a month deposited into my private account for me to use for purchasing items.
I found myself annoyed with the job due to how boring it is involving leaving me to think my thoughts to myself while being alert for people. I having to repeatedly stand there opening the door or doors for the inhabitants coming and going. 
My job of standing was for eight hours as said to me by Warwick. Starting from the time of nine o'clock in the morning and ended at five o'clock. 
My relief some older male with grey in his hair would show up and take over for me." 
He continued to eye the scenery "I'm feeling myself bored with the job. 
I wound up asking Warwick 'Why wasn't I allowed to graduate from high school or get a diploma instead for an office job?'
Warwick had put me off by refusing to answer his question. 
That male wound up saying as a beep was heard 'Show up at the Chelsea apartment building the next day period for the job. Excuse me time's up.' 
Warwick then left me fuming at the male's ignoring my question." 
Guardian again saw a limo arriving that parked at the curb with a driver getting out to stand near the passenger door. He sighed and twisted his form to wait eyeing through the glass doors seeing the lobby had a desk clerk and a security guard standing nearby. 
He saw the familiar female he assumed was a model by her height arrived into view while having some suit on her form and carrying a briefcase. He opened the door as she walked out ignoring him. Guardian turned to resume his position eyeing the model get into the limo and saw the driver get into the driver's side and drive vehicle away. He exhaled a breath eyeing his watch on his right wrist despite wearing white gloves on that was part of his uniform. 
Guardian found "I have hours to go before it was five o'clock my shift end time. Bloody Hades, I'm feeling annoyed with saddled with this stinking boring job. Just once I could have something else to do than this ridiculous standing for hours especially for eight hours."
Guardian sighed and mentally made his mind blank as he eyed the scenery seemingly lengthy while getting the door open for various people. He saw the people were mostly females of various ages who arrived via limos and always left by that vehicle parked at the curb. He stood as a taxi arrived parking at the curb to find the passenger an older male wearing a twin uniform as his that got out. The older male gestured him to go inside the vehicle by standing next to it. 
He obeyed getting inside and told the driver a dark colored skinned male with a purple hat wrapped around on his head "Parkville Street sir." 
Guardian didn't say another word as the driver drove him throughout the city to a bridge taking it and arrived at the street he was currently living on by stopping at the corner once on it. The driver refusing to budge any further which he sighed paying the fare by hand print after removing his glove. Guardian got out seeing the taxi turn itself around and drove back into the city. He without another comment walked to the house finding it wasn't a lengthy walk. Guardian easily found the dwelling by the mailbox having Daria's last name blared on it while parked on the front lawn a good distance away from the front door. He went to his apartment letting himself inside and stripped himself of the uniform and hat hanging them both up in the hallway's closet. 
Guardian put on sweats "The sweats were loose clothes considered pajamas by the store in Capital City when I bought them. That despite calling them sweats." 
He wound up freeing his hair from the hair band Warwick gave him including the hairbrush for pulling it back while groaning loudly feeling himself freed from the confines of the hair band and uniform. He put the hair band in the bathroom's medicine cabinet with his hairbrush and then went into the apartment's kitchen unit. 
Guardian sighed again to think "Warwick telling me that the job was from Monday to Friday nine o'clock in the morning ending at five o'clock in the evening. 
I told 'Missus Mustafina is aware of your job and hours.'" 
Guardian groaned as he picked up the phone book feeling himself hungry and found the familiar place for food delivery by the ad and dialed the number. He was not able to grocery shop from not knowing of where to find the store in the city. Guardian wound up having to depend on take out food for meals in the morning of his shift and in the evening once done. 
He got the food ordered to his address mentioning "I'm currently living in an apartment of a house at the address via stairwell leading to it on the second floor. I will be paying via hand print." 
Guardian once done ordering got told of the food's arrival. He went to sit on the bed eyeing the front door and his watch seemingly lengthy till the doorbell rang. He went to answer finding the delivery male there wearing the familiar red uniform. He paid for the food and took it inside after handed it which the male left him. Guardian felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food once getting the bag onto the counter and taking out the nourishment to eat it all up along with gulping down the drink once done eating it. He threw out the bag and cup's carton into the trash can in the bottom cupboard. 
Guardian mentally recalled to himself "The folder Daria gave me said a dated day of the week of when it was trash pickup which was on Mondays." 
He eyed the calendar he managed to pack from living with Olivia hung on a cupboard door by a nail to see the date. He groaned seeing that the date was Wednesday and he had two more days of eating take out food and doing the doorman job. Till it was Saturday is when he could be free to travel around the city to shop for the items he needed. 
He groaned again of the job to go into the middle of the room on the black padded rugged floor and proceeded to do his stretching exercises. He wound up swinging himself up via acrobatic move and doing his karate till he finished everything involving his exercises and shut off the overhead light above by chain. 
Guardian went to lay his form down on the bed fluffing the pillow and setting the alarm clock for six o'clock in the morning on Warwick's order. It was due to knowing that he would need time to eat a take out meal and calling for a taxi to come pick him up and drive him to the apartment building. The taxi would be fighting the morning rush hour traffic just to arrive on time to the Chelsea building just to relieve the old male that was holding the doorman job before his shift. 
Guardian groaned and felt himself weary shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing the alarm blaring its noises loudly which he reached over onto the floor shutting it off. He groaned finding the sunlight wasn't shining from out the window.
Guardian blindly got up searching for the chain to feel it bang against his forehead. He turned it on after a lucky grab. 
He sighed and figured "I'll call for food to be delivered to me. I'll proceed to do." 
Guardian waited doing his exercises of stretching and karate not too lengthy this time as the delivery guy arrived with the food by ringing the doorbell he paying by hand print. Guardian ate the food taking his time then once done with deposing the bag went into the hallway into the bathroom to shower and get himself ready for the doorman job. 
He sighed once ready called for a taxi to come pick him up. He left the apartment locking the door and stood outside on the lawn feeling himself annoyed as the snow fell. The taxi arrived and he got inside and it drove him to the apartment building him relieving the old male who took the vehicle in his place. He resumed his shift five minutes early again like he did the previous day. 

Guardian stood lengthy opening the glass door for various people coming and going. Mostly females including the familiar females he saw the previous day all getting into various limos coming. 
He doing the job he did till it was Saturday is when he was wakened up by the doorbell ringing to find the time was seven o'clock in the morning. 
He groaned and got up still clad in his sweats going to the door to yank it open seeing outside had snowed during the night quite heavily. He found a female standing on the steps wearing winter geared clothes that seemed aimed for teen females to wear. 
She, he heard speaking "My Grandmother has business in the city. She expects the sidewalk and driveway to be plowed by the snow plow entirely by eight o'clock every Saturday and Sunday. That's whenever there's snow as ordered by her as your landlord Mister Beers." 
He spoke as the female made a motion to leave "Excuse me didn't catch your name Miss." 
Guardian eyed her as she spoke "The name is Maria Mustafina. Your landlord is my Grandmother who I currently live with only on the weekends. I wound up spending weekdays living in the city with my Father while attending college. Excuse me I'm expected inside." 
He didn't comment a response got into his winter gear and boots then left the apartment locking the door. Guardian wound up putting the keys into a zippered pocket of his coat. He stomped down the steps heading towards the fenced backyard finding the gate. Guardian yanked the gate entrance open to peer inside finding a shed in the corner. 
He stomped in the snow towards the shed to yank the doors open with force once arriving. Guardian found the familiar snow plow machine indicating it was fueled by liquid gas by the liquid gas cartons nearby it. That along with finding various yard work equipment inside that indicated on both muscle and liquid gas use. 
He sighed and grabbed the snow plow checking for the gas tank to see it was full. He hauled out of the yard to the driveway finding a garage. 
Guardian found the snow looked quite piled high by the street looking plowed. He got to work plowing the driveway as well as he could along with plowing the entrance to the street. He then plowed a path to the front door for Daria to take to the car without having to walk in the snow. 
He found the sidewalk and plowed that as well to find his landlord on the steps to the front door underneath the awning appearing to be inspecting his work by her narrowed eyes. Guardian didn't say a word instead plowed a path to his apartment's stairwell. Then once done hauled the thing back into the yard to put it away into the shed. 
He went back out of the yard to find Daria standing at the foot of the steps waiting for him while holding a large brown cloth bag by handles with both hands indicating it heavy to him.
She thrust the bag at him speaking "Here's some food for you to eat instead of calling that fast food joint for nourishment. Also having them accidentally ringing my doorbell every time from confusion of where your apartment was." 
He groaned softly and took the bag finding it wasn't that heavy to him. 
Guardian spoke towards Daria as she made a motion to leave "Excuse me but do you know of any grocery stores walking distance from here I could go to?"
He eyed her as she paused and spoke "There's an outdoor Farmer's market on Kimmee Way two streets away in that direction." 
He saw Daria point a finger in a direction before adding "That Farmer's market is in always open for business regardless of the weather year round. Their open at eight o'clock in the morning and closed at the eight o'clock in the evening regardless of it dark or not. They take various forms of currency payment. Hand print is the popular payment for it. I strongly suggest you go explore your living area in this city today. Once you have the chance to do it instead of staying home and not doing much. Besides you should be able to find that Farmer's market after some exploring and be able to buy the necessity items you need." 
Guardian didn't say a word gave a head bob as Daria walked away via snow plowed sidewalks. Guardian went up the steps kicking snow off them by his booted feet then reached the top underneath an awning. He proceeded to kick the rest of the snow off and made sure it fell not on the snow plowed walkway he made.
Guardian got himself inside the apartment to put away the food finding it seemed to involve a diet for organic vegan eating. He sighed and ate some of the food once he felt himself hungry then got his coat and gloves and hat. Guardian patted the coat's pocket for the keys finding them inside and put on the rest of the winter gear on and left the apartment. 
He wandered down the road in the direction Daria pointed was where Kimmee Way was. Guardian found the street with no difficulty finding the Farmer's market was underneath a giant metal tent from the looks of it. The tent was appearing to be shielding the Farmer's market from the weather elements. 
Guardian wandered around looking at the food that was being sold to people there buying them. He found various foods he liked eating to purchase some of them via hand print with glove off. He found himself given a cloth bag for the food till he got two cloth bags full of groceries. 
He carried the two bags full to arrive at the apartment to find a familiar postcard stuck to the door. He frowned but took the bags inside along with yanking off the postcard after shutting the door. 
Guardian sighed feeling the heat of the apartment on. He put away the food in the kitchen unit then peered at the postcard finding an address on it along with wording included.
He read "Dress nice for the outing. ID must be brought for Ed's that is a bar. It has a dress code. Please arrive there in an hour's time frame ASAP."
He sighed and got himself into his cheapo suit and then called for a cab to come pick him up. He waited outside in the cold due to not having the proper coat wear to go with his suited clothes. He found the cab arrived and gave the order of Ed's the bar's location. Guardian wound up hearing no complaints from the driver who drove him into the city. 
Guardian found the bar was in a street appearing to look like it was an office park for office work only from the looks of it. 
Guardian wound up finding the street having signs after a closer look standing on a certain dress code of what males were expected to wear when traveling in the vicinity of Ivanov's park. He frowned as eyed his watch finding that he had five minutes went to the bar's entrance. 
Guardian got inside to find the bouncer some big burly male taller than him but appearing to wear stilt shoes from the looks of him. 
He frowned as the bouncer spoke in some high female voice tone "I want your ID now."
Guardian obeyed finding his ID scanned seemingly lengthy by the bouncer he assumed was a female disguised as a male's eyes. Then scanned by a device in the bouncer's hand before handed back the ID then gestured to go inside. 
He went through a hallway to find a set of doors to hear not much noises sounding inside which he found a large room once inside. He inside looking around and found Warwick seated at a booth slowly sipping from a mug appearing to look like coffee. Warwick continued to sip as he reached the booth to sit down and eyed the male. 
Guardian frowned as Warwick finished his sipping to place the empty cup on the table.
Warwick spoke "Drat can't seem to smoke while in here as law states. No smoking in public places such as this indoors. I have to settle for coffee to help my nerves." 
He sighed and spoke "Well what's going on for this meeting anyway?"
Guardian frowned with his lips as Warwick spoke in response "You know of the holiday King's Day coming up soon?"
He nodded his head to speak "I do recalling the dated day fully in my mind and calculated the days as later in three weeks." 
Warwick kept talking ignoring him "State governors have been since His Majesty Nikolas took the King's throne have been competing for him for him to select a state on King's Day. It's for a parade with him in it. It's still ongoing at the moment despite the scandals involving him and his wife with the theme of cheating if you get my meaning." 
Guardian groaned softly to nod his head as there was a throat clearing noise off his right. Guardian found a female dressed in a uniform of sexy maid with cleavage and short skirt in the color of black standing there that gave him a narrowed eyed glare. 
He frowned as Warwick spoke "Give my friend the health soda if you would please. Get me some more coffee while you're at it too." 
He saw Warwick hand the waitress the cup who took it and walked away. 
Guardian concentrated onto Warwick who continued "His Majesty had a lottery drawn each year with no set time frame before King's Day to determine what state would be hosting him for that holiday. Republic state was declared the winner quite recently."
He frowned hearing that formed the expression on his face. Warwick paused from talking to see the waitress put cups down in front of them. 
Him noticing the soda was in a clear glass and looked like water to him. He took a sip as Warwick sipped his coffee finding the soda was actually some version of sparking water. He sipped a bit before putting the cup down and continued to eye the male who stopped his sipping. 
Warwick added "The parade is as usual is held in Yekaterinburg regardless of what's going on in the city. It's that the city is large enough to accommodate the parade instead of the capital of Moscow. 
I believe your working your usual shift that day due to that the job description didn't include holidays off." 
He sighed hearing that from Warwick who sipped his coffee which he copied sipping his soda. He felt like he had an enough put the cup down and resumed staring at Warwick who stopped his sipping noticing his stare. 
Warwick spoke after a stare, continued "The parade route as usual lucky for you doesn't take the road where you're working but takes Main Street. It's the usual route for the yearly holiday parade involving their version of Lancelot. It's held on January first instead of the national date of May fourth. I believe that you should know why May fourth was picked for Mahalia to celebrate the Lancelot holiday nationally." 
He sighed and spoke as Warwick gave him a narrowed eyed glare "May fourth was when the nation of Mahalia achieved independence from Brittany officially. That happened despite already throwing them out on January first. 
Then later on the date of King's Day March thirty first officially crowning of some farmer who reportedly led the rebellion as King of the Mahalia nation. 
It took till May fourth for Brittany to officially recognize Mahalia as an independent nation and not underneath their rule despite resistance to that done after they were thrown out. 
The nation of Mahalia earned its official name of Mahalia after the King's wife of that same name. That was picked instead of going with the original name of Freeman's Nation as called by the Brittany natives after they arrived and discovered the island continent. This including discovering the original manoids living here on some primitive side. 
Is that it?"
He clamped his mouth shut and eyed Warwick who spoke "You forgot that the farmer Yevgeny Visser was originally from Brittany who traveled via boat to seek a new life for himself and his wife due to not agreeing with life in Brittany. His wife had twins a son named Ivan and a daughter named Georgina while in Mahalia just prior to starting up the rebellion that caused the Brittany natives' Queen's monarchy rule to be thrown out.
Besides practically everyone knows the King's last name of whoever holds the title is always Visser period. That's regardless of what names he used to introduce himself to the public as the ruler hence His Majesty going with the last name when introducing his heir named after himself to the public." 
Guardian groaned softly as Warwick resumed sipping his coffee. He took the hint and sipped the soda thinking "Bloody Hades, I'm finding this soda isn't my taste to drink." 
Guardian felt like he had an enough of the soda, set it down despite not finishing the cup's contents. He shifted to look around the bar seeing it wasn't that crowded and had various males in it. That were served by waitresses all females wearing a sexy maid outfit that wound up making him think the bar was some male's club. He resumed looking at Warwick who appeared to finish his coffee as there was a loud beep sound heard. 
He heard from Warwick in response "My time is up. We'll meet again here as usual unless directed to go elsewhere. This bar is for males to frequent only. They don't seem to care who you are as long as you get something to drink from them period. So take off while I go pay the bill." 
Guardian obeyed getting up and left the bar going outside in the cold to sigh and eyed the time on his watch seeing that he had a few hours of daylight left. 
He figured "I'll see about exploring the city." 
He proceeded to do in his allotted time frame of an hour to think "I'm finding it was different from Capital City. Yekaterinburg from the looks of the city didn't seem to have any museums or tourist attractions for tourists to go to. The city seemed to be focused onto major store chains selling various items that seemed to be designer wear from the looks of them." 
Guardian wound up finding a male's suit store that had shocking prices in the thousands. 
Guardian grimaced finding that and walked out without buying anything as he thought "I figured that I'll go home." 
Guardian signaled for a taxi waiting lengthy as he thought "Why do I have to wait seemingly too long to me for one?" 
A taxi stopped near Guardian to his relief followed by a male getting out. He got inside and told the driver where to go finding the male parking the car at the beginning of the street and refusing to go any further. He sighed and paid the fare and then got out taking a walk through the plowed sidewalks to Daria's house to find the chimney blowing of smoke. 
Guardian figured "Daria must have a fireplace." 
Guardian let himself inside his apartment feeling the heat was on. He found the computer console for the heat and air conditioner in the wall behind a hidden door after feeling the walls for anything regarding hidden spots. Guardian proceeded to get out of his dressy cheapo suit clothes and shoes and socks and got into his sweats. That along with barefoot walked onto the floor going to the bedroom to spy a folding table and folding chairs in the room's corner he didn't see before along with something resembling a radio on top with a familiar postcard taped to it. 
He sighed and took the postcard to find a note on it saying "Radio's yours. Table and chairs are for whoever lives in the apartment renting it. Don’t ask landlord why she didn't provide furniture for she'll kick you out if asked." 
He ripped up the postcard and tossed it in the garbage can then with a sigh began making a meal of some food to cook in a pan on the stove. 
He figuring "The stove's electric from the looks of it." 
He felt himself terribly hungry ate the food out of the pan once done cooking, with a fork. Then washed the pan and fork in the sink due to not having a dishwasher for it then went to his bed to stand to notice a lamp parked next to his alarm clock. 
He wound up with noticing that his bed's blankets and pillowcase appeared to be replaced from the designs of them different. Guardian sighed to go to the bed to turn on the lamp and went to the overhead lamp shutting it off. He felt himself itching to exercise proceeded to do his stretching exercises due to not feeling keen on doing karate. 
He once done awkwardly got up and felt drawn to the hallway holding his closet. He proceeded to go to yanking open the closet doors to peer inside finding his suitcase was replaced judging by the color and design on it and looked bigger to him. Guardian examined the suitcase to find it didn't contain anything except had an ID tag saying his name of Guard Beers on it. 
Guardian sighed again figuring out "My Father must have provided the items for the apartment-"
His thinking was interrupted as the doorbell rang loudly. He frowned to dart towards the door noticing the window shade wasn’t glowing of sunlight he yanked open to peer finding an outdoor light on. He saw the light was showing Maria clad in winter gear on the landing he assumed was her. 
Maria he heard correct spoke "My Grandmother thanks you for doing such a good job with the snow plowing. She provided you some personal items in your apartment as a thank you." 
He spoke "Oh tell Missus Mustafina, your welcome for the snow plowing job I did." 
He eyed Maria who spoke jabbing a finger down "Icing the steps is you're responsibly by this bucket of salt provided. Excuse me I'm wanted indoors for dinner." 
He looked where Maria jabbed her finger to find a big bucket as she went down the stairs in the gloomy darkness hearing loud gibberish spoken from her that became fainter and fainter. Guardian figured she was speaking the Republic of Tsar's main language dubbed by the name of Raina while slipping and sliding down the steps due to ice on it. 
Guardian groaned and without a word got his boots on and walked out into the cold leaving the front door open but screen door shut as he grabbed the bucket. He proceeded to throw salt on each step counting ten of them then went back up to continue throwing salt on the landing. He then dumped the bucket inside the apartment after shutting both doors and locking it. 
He felt himself cold again went to the computer panel after removing his boots and dumping the shoe wear in the closet. He eyed the computer's panel finding the heat's highest number was permanently at a temperature of sixty five degrees and its lowest was permanently at the number of fifty. 
Guardian groaned figuring out "Daria set that due to being cheap with whatever was fueling the house for heat. I figured that she was using a fireplace for heat. It was due to seeing a chimney belching out smoke along with not seeing solar panels on the roof for solar power." 
He sighed and felt himself still chilled got himself in bed underneath the blankets to think "Ooh I'm finding that the blankets are better quality than the ones I purchased in Capital City. Thank you Missus Mustafina." 
He sighed feeling himself warmed up by the blankets leaned his head back to feel an indention of a book underneath his pillow. 
He yanked out to peer "Bloody Hades, I'm finding it was a religious book on Lance Richard that looked twin to the one Ms. Lyons was always reading in my presence." 
He groaned "I figured I'll call it by the name of Bible and read it when appropriate."
Guardian wound up setting the Bible aside down next to the lamp. Guardian eyed the alarm clock seeing it was still early for him to sleep seeing it was seven o'clock in the evening. 
He groaned eyeing the ceiling quite lengthy leaving his mind blank till a thought came to him "I figured I'll read the Bible to see what it was about." 
He proceeded to read a part in it that seemed to talk about a Goddess that seemed all seeing to him from the book that created the planetary world of Egyptia and its gonoids. That included creating humanoids from a gonoid evolved to become a manoid and forming the garden of Edenia in the island of Jacinda. 
He felt himself tired set the Bible aside after folding the page where he was and shut off the lamp along with shutting his eyes. Guardian passed out unconscious to come to hearing the doorbell ringing which he eyed the time seeing it was five o'clock in the morning annoying him. 
He got up after turning on the lamp and went to the door swearing "Bloody Hades to whoever was waking me up at this morning hour!"
He wound up to cut his noises seeing Warwick on the landing.
He let inside and slammed the door while speaking "What's going on with waking me up at this hour?!"
Guardian glared at Warwick who in response went to sit down on one of the folding chair and gave out a big sigh before speaking "Your Father insisted on this meeting anyway due to some other actress not Lila Lesley has come forwards via a tabloid in Victoria state claiming to be your Mother. 
She's not actually. 
She's reportedly shares Ms. Lesley's views on who should be the heir to the throne which is you instead of your nephew in question."
Guardian groaned loudly hearing Warwick's announcement. 
Warwick continued ignoring his noises "Your Mother as an actress went by this name of Victoria Lynn as her professional name. She didn't give your father her actual name when he and she met together for a mating in Capital Choices hotel in Capital City. 
Your Father admits to meeting Victoria Lynn at a premier party for some blockbuster movie from Columbia. She was by his claims of slipping him an extra key card in his pocket and hinting on wanting to see him in private. It was said out of earshot of his wife seen dancing with a government official earlier just prior to meeting her for a mating.
Victoria Lynn according to the Actors Association registry in Mahalia isn't listed on their lists actually as a Mahalia native. The Actors Association is for natives of the nation to register as the law states despite some background done on her." 
He sighed softly as Warwick paused to clear his throat then continued "As for Victoria Lynn's appearance description, your Father admitted that during the mating session she complained of him being rough with her implants. He figured out that her appearance was altered due to that she was still wearing her face's get up. 
She from description of her according to your Father appeared to be twin to the popular actresses' looks among actresses in the Mahalia nation. The look is currently is a big breasts' size, long blond hair looking pale and almost white and a sun kissed skin. She had a body that seemed a bit muscular and brown eyes instead of the blue eyes and rail thin bodies as seen from Mahalia actresses." 
Guardian didn't comment a response kept his mouth shut while folding his arms. 
He kept up staring at Warwick who added "Your Father has figured out from the background checked done on Victoria Lynn. That she's not a Mahalia native due to the registry didn't have her name on it in either professional terms or actual name. 
He suspects that she originally came from Columbia. He suspects that she was trying to established herself as an actress in Columbia but not taken seriously enough. 
He thinks she went to Mahalia to further her acting career due to how popular her looks were among the movie producers in Mahalia nation to produce movies featuring actresses with twinning looks."
He frowned as Warwick cleared his throat and continued talking "Unfortunately the Actors Association registry has proven to shown nothing from anyone named Victoria Lynn from Columbia getting any acting jobs within the Mahalia nation on their records. 
This suggested that the actress in question was just targeting your Father just for a mating ritual. She wounding up pregnant must have been an accident. 
Your Father said she told him she was on medication to prevent such status from happening despite taking them in his presence. He recognizing the pills his wife takes whenever they do any mating rituals with success of preventing pregnancies from happening each time." 
Guardian groaned softly hearing Warwick's words. Warwick he saw stopped talking to eye him with a narrowed eyed glare.
He spoke "So I'm nothing but an accident between couples mating. Ugh then how did the story of me come out anyway with the King claiming me as his son? I haven't gotten a clue on how this came out. That despite no word from my Mother raiser who always went by the name of Verona-" 
He was interrupted by Warwick hissing loudly before speaking "A hospital still unidentified to this day blabbed publicity that you weren't this popular midwife's offspring by an illegal DNA test done. It's still unknown on who ordered that test in the first place. 
The press in state of West Allied state where she was killed had a field day. They wound up blaring all sorts of males on who could have fathered you. That blaring was done despite repeatedly not showing what you looked like to the public. 
I’m not entirely sure why they didn't do that anyway. 
The King was later pointed out as the Father after an unknown hospital in Capital City mysteriously acquired your DNA. They wound up tested your DNA against his DNA on orders of a voted out of office former government official. Reportedly a governor ordered that. His motive was to embarrass your Father for not backing him up in his reelection bid to the governor position. 
Your Father backed his opponent a female very strongly in case you wanted to know. This backing wound up humiliating this government official. He reportedly used the scandal of you being his son to show to the public that the King was some kind of womanizer soon after losing the election." 
Guardian hissed a breath loudly as Warwick paused from talking to give him a narrowed eyed look. 
He spoke that Warwick wanted him to talk "Alright from what I heard from my Mother raiser she always used the name of Verona whenever introducing herself to people in her midwife job. Always with me accompanied her omitting a last name and hardly cared if people assumed if it was her last name or not. 
She always used the name of Guard Beers to people's presences whenever she introduced me since I was age eight years old. 
I wound up taken along for my Mother raiser to do her job and that sometimes included on her didn't say anything on whether I was her son or not. As for my Mother raiser she habitually kept on calling me this name of Guardian in my presence. The name use was always alone period and never in front of other people. 
She always called me Guard Beers in people's presences. The name was used instead of just going with the name of Guard after introducing me to them. That includes even whenever she took me on her midwife job too. 
What I knew of my Mother raiser is that she's just a midwife who was deaf. Her job involved helping women give birth to babies at home and not with hospice care. Her job to help assist birthing took her all over Mahalia and not staying within a state on a permanent basis. 
Besides she had her eyes flare golden whenever she was angry with me misbehaving only alone in my presence period." 
Guardian clamp his mouth shut hearing a cough sound from Warwick and the male looking like he was trying to refrain from having a coughing fit. He eyed Warwick who burst out coughing loudly before clearing his throat. 
Warwick, Guardian heard speaking in a raspy voice "Excuse me. That eye flaring golden habit is common among the secret service body guarding Kings in position. I was just shocked to hear that your Mother raiser had this eye habit herself. 
I had knowledge of bodyguards using the golden eyed ability to intimidate people into doing things while keeping the King safe from harm. Actually so go on with what you know of your Mother raiser."
He frowned but spoke "My Mother raiser habitually since I turned fourteen had me present at births of off springs. That instead of having me stay in another room out of sight with the other family members to calm them down from worries of the baby being born. 
She used me as some kind of assistant in births of numerous babies since I was fourteen. Mostly by helping the Mother push the baby out by getting behind the Mother seated. She gripping my legs to push the offspring out. This during my Mother raiser had her hands on the baby to pull out once it could be pulled out. This after a certain amount of pushing was done. 
I did that as always whenever my Mother raiser was called to do her midwife job. My Mother raiser talked to me after she declared my age of seventeen despite not having any birthdays celebrated or a date set for that, on having me learn her job to take over once it was obvious she couldn’t do it anymore. 
I didn't seem keen on doing that job. I kept on repeatedly telling her about my feelings and she ignoring me as usual. 
Besides I wanted a normal life of being a high school student to attend parties the schools reportedly offered and graduate with a diploma. 
I was thinking of becoming a karate instructor once I got my black belt from the karate school. The sensei aka teacher of karate has repeatedly having me assist on teaching beginners how to do karate and me liking doing the teaching."
He paused as Warwick gave up another fit of coughing before clearing his throat and speaking "Sorry I've been hit with these coughing fits lately. I do have a doctor's appointment scheduled later to figure out what's going on. 
The doctor is currently helping me quit the smoking habit by various medicines taken to avoid doing it. Your Father laid down the law actually on my smoking and insisted that I quit period.
I'm doing at the moment despite some difficulty of wanting to smoke anyway continue on your talk."
Guardian spoke "My Mother raiser had me taught by various hired college students to tutor me in various subjects instead of putting me in schools whenever we traveled all over Mahalia. 
I went to Finely Town High School in West Allied state after my Mother passed away. It was for lousy two cycles. They kicked me out once it was apparent I was nineteen using my age as an excuse. They refused to give me a diploma due to claims that I wasn't doing well on their standard levels according to them. 
I kept finding myself scoring high on tests they gave me in the classes I took. Besides I wasn't able to continue on the karate lessons my Mother raiser paid for due to unable to pay for them myself. So my belt rank at the moment is red which there is another belt to go before I reach the desired black belt. 
That's the highest belt rank and rank where people can teach karate after registering within West Allied state despite frowning on that with lower belt ranks."
He clamped his mouth shut to eye Warwick who frowned visibly before speaking "What kind of tests did Finely Town High School give you that you said to score high on? I'm confused on that." 
Guardian sighed and spoke "They claimed to me that the tests were the twin tests they used towards students to practice on before giving them the actual test to gain entrance into major expensive colleges. The tests were a must for high school students to do as law stated in Mahalia." 
Guardian frowned as Warwick cleared his throat and spoke "Seems to me that they didn't want other parents to get the idea of home schooling their kids for a time period before putting them into high school to graduate with a diploma. That's judging by them refusing to give you a diploma and kicking you out of school. It's probably when word got out about that home schooling bit and they kicked you out as a result." 
He groaned loudly as there was a loud beep noise he figuring it came from Warwick.
Warwick added "Time's up. I will be seeing you around medically permitting. I suspect that this cough is something else other than withdrawing from smoking actually. Excuse me while I see myself out." 
Guardian watched Warwick left the apartment which he locked the door behind the male. He went back to bed finding the time was about five thirty in the morning finding it was always within timed limits of being with Warwick in his home locations. He sighed and went back to bed turning off the lamp and throwing the blankets over his head once he turned sideways. 
He wound up shutting his eyes to think "I figured that I'll get more sleep." 
Guardian passed out unconscious. 

Guardian frowned as he mopped the floor of the bar O'Shea's. It was an exclusive females' only club while clad in tight shorts and a tight vest highlighting his muscular physique. His uniform was a must for males working at the bar to have and muscular physique included.
He groaned as he finished the mopping up the messes left from the patrons the previous night. Guardian hauled the mop and pail to the kitchen dumping them into the closet after pouring out the bucket's contents into the closet's sink. He left the kitchen and went to sit on a bar's stool and got handed his familiar drink of water from the bartender. 
The bartender was a female who had given up the name of Sparkette while wearing a feminine version of a men's suit. She was having short all cloud colored hair that was cut like a male's regular haircut but in a feminine style. He noticed that she had earth colored eyes while noticing her breasts were appearing to be on the large sized. 
Guardian figured "From her aged appearance on her face and hair that she was a former Mahalia washed out actress trying to earn a living." 
He sipped the water from the glass cup slowly. 
He let himself to his thoughts "I wound on a Monday went to do my doorman job.
I during my shift saw a male wearing jeans and a hooded sweatshirt got out of a taxi and barge passed me into the building. The male was ignoring my attempts to open the door for him. 
The security officer arrived into view hauling the male appearing to look zapped unconscious. 
The security officer speaking loudly 'I see you didn't get the memo from the boss about not letting this yahoo into the building. This yahoo has been repeatedly targeting an inhabitant for some obsessed behavior which we were told to keep him out.'" 
Guardian thought as he sipped the water "I didn't comment a response towards the security officer's talk. I went to resume my position with my eyes onto the unconscious male. 
I even glanced at the scenery in front of me to see the yahoo as referred get up in an awkward way. I saw the male darted towards me appearing to want to barge into the entrance again running weave walking like a drunk. 
I wound up seeing the male's eyes were completely shut indicating a spiritual possession to me. I proceeded to do karate onto the male to keep him out despite resistance. 
I wound up finding the male fighting in some jerky awful combative art version of my karate's moves matching me. "
He frowned "The police arrived and broke up the fight hauling the both of us into a van handcuffed. Inside the van the male was heard saying Bloody Hades insults aimed at a female I heard referred as Tanya. 
I heard him mention 'Bloody Hades to Tanya for keeping me away from her and to sickening a doorman onto me to use as a punching bag.'" 
He sipped the drink to add mentally "I wound up spending the night in a jail cell at a police precinct. In the morning one of the cops gave me a change of clothes consisted of dirty stained jeans and a hooded jean like jacket I had to button closed. 
I got told 'The Doorman Association has requested you fired from doing doorman duties. It's due to the press having a field day about a doorman that could fight people. That's despite them not identifying you yet. 
Your boss called us and said that you were out of job period. The firing was for the publicity which wasn't what doormen were supposed to have.'"
Guardian heard an ahem noise coming from Sparkette breaking him of his thoughts while holding the cup of water. He sighed and sipped the drink in a faster move entirely then put the cup on the bar to see Sparkette take it away. He saw her appeared to get the cup cleaned up before resuming leaning against the bar. 
Sparkette he saw resumed staring at him as usual with some faint giggling sound heard coming from her. 
He discovering as told by a fellow waiter "She has always done the look and giggling sound towards any of the waiters sitting at the bar resting from clean up jobs." 
He didn't comment a response to her staring instead looked away around the bar area. 
Guardian thought to himself "Bloody Hades, I wound up roped into doing this job. It was by a cop a female bringing me out of jail in the afternoon to into the bar before it was actually open for business. 
The female cop heard speaking 'Sparkette, get your boss. I have a male trained in karate. I want to know if your boss was willing to take him on for the bouncer duties.'"
Guardian sighed sensing Sparkette kept staring at him by the noises she was making he heard. He ignored her staring as he felt his hair now longer than any Mahalia's native's male's normal length was pulled back into a neat ball. It was pulled back instead of left down around his shoulders. 
The boss he learned "I have insisted on having hair regardless of length pulled back as a must for the male waiters to have. I insisted on having your hair pulled back into a ball like style." 
He looked around the bar seemingly waiting lengthy as other waiters totaling five of them wearing twinning clothes as his. The males he noticed had muscular like physiques but not as muscular as his who arrived into the room. They arrived from the kitchen entrance and began setting up the mopped area by putting various tables and chairs in its place. 
Guardian recalled "I wound up meeting the boss of the bar an older blonde female giving off the name of Shea who appeared to be my Mother raiser's age if she lived. 
Shea at meeting spoke to him 'I insist that you flaunt your body to me by stripping your clothes in some dancing move. I like to know how well you can do this to clothes but leave your underwear on while doing that. Baring of your privates is a no, no in this bar period only the body so strip.' 
I recalled doing some stripping and dancing of removing my clothes in front of her not giving me any comments. I finished my dance to stand clad in my underwear dubbed briefs with my top and pants off along with shoes on the floor.
I eyed Shea who spoke 'Acceptable. You're hired right away.'
The cop took leave of us and I got introduced to the male waiters along with ordered by Shea 'Go to the locker room and change. Show him where he's to go now.' 
One of the males led me through the kitchen to the backend showing a door to the locker room having a sign saying 'Males only, females keep out.' 
Inside I found was a locker room for males only by the bathroom are having expellers for males only. I was given the uniform after pointed out a locker to stuff my clothes and shoes in it." 
Guardian didn't comment any more of thinking as Sparkette's staring was sensed stopped. He stood up to eye the doorway entrance to the private rooms to attend the club in peace with female friends served by a personal waiter assigned to do that duties. He saw Shea walk out of the entrance that also led to her office which he stood barefoot like any of the waiters as the males went to stand in a line next to him hands behind their backs him copying. 
He eyeing her warily as traditionally done fifteen minutes before opening time of six o'clock to inspect the work of the waiters' clean up job and arranging. He started working there two weeks ago on weekdays with more staff of extra three males on Saturdays and only having Sundays off. That it was when the bar was closed for business like any other bar in the city as the state's law stated. 
Guardian kept his mouth shut as Shea appeared to inspect the place with her blue eyes narrowed. She appearing to not to miss any detail from where she was standing in front of the entrances to private rooms and her office. 
He eyed her warily "Shea had waiters who she pointed as the one doing the job poorly each week be assigned to entertain the female patrons on the stage for stripping off clothes given them to wear. The selected waiter was to do a dance doing that strip off leaving them clad only in some skin tight underwear like briefs. That had enough room for the females to put paper money into the waistband. 
This money bit was included being groped all over the place not sparing the sensitive parts while going around the bar to patrons. 
The stripper as their job title was to do entertaining the females for money. The job included kissing the females on the lips and acting like the male was mating ritual hungry towards the females to give him paper money in response. 
Shea as she insisted on being called to me in my presence in a private meeting soon after hiring me."
Guardian shifted his eyes towards the floor whenever she noticed him staring which he kept the habit. He waited for her to give out her verdict and decision on who was entertaining the females in the stripper job. 
He kept his mouth shut as Shea with an odd accent he had heard from any of the natives of Mahalia but unsure of what nation she came from "Job's admirable this time." 
He frowned at the familiar words she always given after doing an inspection followed by her adding "Guardian, I expect you to keep order around here and inform Sparkette of any problem arriving that requires my presence."
He sighed softly from the familiar words aimed at him as he thought "Shea I heard always used the Guardian name to refer to me without realizing it was my actual nickname. 
The name of Guardian, Shea gave me was code speak for the name I was to use while being in the bar attending to patrons. Mostly in use of needing to kick out patrons causing inappropriate behavior and kicking out males that snuck into the bar whether dressed as a female or not just to either spy on females or target them with harm." 
He gave a head bob in response to Shea's words.
She added him hearing her again ignoring him "Hunter, your doing the stripper job acting as a fireman this time."
He heard soft groans from the males as Shea continued ignoring the noises "I expect everything to run smoothly this time as usual without any problems. 
So man your stations and contact Sparkette if there's a problem that needs my immediate attention. This only must involve anything law breaking or inappropriate behavior done. 
Good luck. I'll be in my office." 
He saw her leave entering the entrance by swishing aside the curtain showing a blackness behind and disappeared out of sight. 
Guardian frowned as he heard "Ugh can't wait to graduate college so I can quit this job and focus onto something else. It's degrading doing it." 
He recognized the voice belonging to the male dubbed Hunter. He saw the dubbed male Hunter go into the kitchen yanking off his vest in the process. Guardian wound up hearing groaning sounds from the other males who got into their familiar positions around the bar area. He went to the entrance's double doors that led to outside by a set of twenty steps going up off his right underneath an awning having the O'Shea bar name on it. 
He went to stand behind the closed doors with arms folded a glare on his face he recalled "I'm to do this job as ordered by Shea. I was to indicate that I was the bouncer to female patrons entering the bar once it was open at six o'clock. I was to keep that standing position there while looking around as usual before a waiter would come up to me and tell me to handle a situation. 
I recalled has always involved a patron drinking too much alcohol and acting inappropriate while underneath the influence of the drink." 
Guardian didn't have to wait long as five of the bar's familiar female customers the waiters pointed out towards him habitually frequent the bar every weeknight except Saturdays. The females always arrived he saw were gathered in a group while wearing revealing clothes going off to use a private room as usual. 
He recalled told by Hunter "The boss would join the ladies for a chat and remain with them till closing time of two o'clock in the morning. The boss and the ladies she stayed with for a chat would all leave. 
The boss left responsibility of who to kick out patrons up to us to do it. This kicked out status would take anywhere from an hour to two hours. It's depending on how stubborn the females were on leaving. 
The females always resorting to using threats of being forced mated to the cops after they were told to leave. That's when the excuse of using the cops to get patrons to leave for good would happen. 
The excuse of using cops has always worked on getting the patrons to leave. They don't seem to want to hang around for a cop to remove them despite their threats of forced mating used on us." 
Guardian kept his position and glare on his face while eyeing the doors as various females entered the bar wearing clothing that always looked revealing. 
He thought to himself "The revealing status was the dress code required for the females to enter the bar." 
Some of the females he spotted were gathered in a group at tables. He noticed some were sitting alone at the bar served by Sparkette.
"The bar patrons" Guardian thought "Didn't seem to be in a talkative mood towards anyone around them judging by them sitting at the bar getting drinks from Sparkette." 
He looked around the bar and glared at the doors as various females entered and left the bar all wearing revealing clothes on their forms. Guardian got a female wearing a revealing maid uniform he recognized belonging to a male's bar club. He blocked the female from walking further inside by his body getting into her way as she tried to walk around him. Guardian glared at the female who pouted with her mouth.
Guardian spoke towards the female during breaks of the music playing loudly "Your dress is not appropriate for the bar's dress code so leave now." 
He glared at the female who pouted as he thought "I wound up recalling, Shea, referred as the boss by waiters warning me and other bar workers as said at an inspection 
'Males from an all male only club bar called Tucker another street away have been paying waitresses a huge money pound price to enter my bar to scout around for females there. Then have the waitresses report on what females were inside looked like. 
This included reporting via communication device called a cell phone while hiding in the females only's bathroom to talk on the bar's patrons. 
This information includes on when the patrons were reportedly about to leave after asking the females for a leaving time. It's when the males would leave their bar and target the females once they were outside for various purposes. That sometimes involved forced mating a female on purpose after she was found too drunk on alcohol to do anything to stop it. '"
Guardian resumed his glare aimed at the female which he figured was from Tucker's bar who again pouted as he stopped his thoughts. He gently pushed her outside shutting the doors in her face before resuming his position to peer through the glass windows to see her shake her head and go up the stairs out of sight. 
Guardian thought to himself "I recalled fully on the boss telling me 'You're to refuse any female appearing to be dressed as a waitress or a maid. Her clothes are to be in a revealing way to gain entrance into the bar. 
Tucker the males' bar has some dress code for female workers that always involved them dressed as waitresses and maids in a revealing way.'"
Guardian eyed the doors and around the room seemingly lengthy while hearing the music blaring in some thumping tone. He groaned softly as he saw Hunter on model like runway stage in the back end of the bar already stripping away clothes in some dancing move that looked like a fireman's clothes wear but in some revealing way. He looked away hearing no change in the music to concentrate eyeing the entrance and around the room as usual. 
Guardian groaned softly "I feel myself getting bored with the job. Hardly anything happens with this Bloody Hades' of an excuse of a job anyway."
He saw three females while wearing sexy short revealing dresses arrived into the bar. He frowned as he saw the three looking around making his senses blare warning unexpectedly. Guardian eyed the females warily to see them go to table to sit and get handed menus of drinks by a waiter. He kept an eye onto the three females as if drawn wondering why he was staring at them. The three females ignoring him looking at them. Guardian looked away in response to his staring and resumed looking at the bar's entrance and around the room. He found himself glancing at the three females as if still drawn but kept himself from staring too much. Guardian eyed Hunter to see that the male was off the stage clad only in his underwear in skin tight black color. He groaned seeing Hunter going around females letting them grope him. He looked away in response as the females he glimpsed deposited paper money to hang partially out of Hunter's underwear before moving off to go to other females. 
Guardian looked away thinking "I'm feeling myself annoyed with this degrading status it does towards us males in this ridiculous job. Just wish for once I would get respect from a female while holding a better job."
Guardian felt his senses blaring in warning as an odd feeling hit while he was thinking his thoughts as he shift to resume staring at the entrance. He stiffened from the feeling to sense it gone from him. 
Guardian glimpsed an older male wearing pajama wear on his form enter the bar who he tried to block from getting further into the room ignoring his blockade. The older male he saw barged passed him and grabbed one of the three females that made his senses blare enough to stare at the female at the table by the arm. He saw the male yanked the female up in a rude way despite resistance from her. Guardian frowned as the female resisted being pulled towards the entrance. She seen by him giving a fight of punching and kicking at the male. 
He glimpsed her friends he assumed were the other two females get up and appear to be trying to sneak away from the scene. Guardian found the two females caught by two waiters holding them firmly as he saw the third female was still being pulled towards the entrance by the older male. 
He sighed and signaled towards Sparkette who he saw was looking in his direction to cut the music by his hand making a cut gesture across his throat. Guardian found his order obeyed which he went to the older male having hands on a female's arm as the music stopped abruptly. 
Guardian reached them to hear from the male sounding annoyed "Katrina, you're coming with me now as I your Father orders you period!"
He heard from Katrina he assumed was her name while she was struggling to free her arm from the male's grip "You're not my Father but Stepfather! You can't control my life! I can do what I want so leave me alone now!"
He went to them interrupting loudly "Something I can do for the both of you hmm?"
He heard silence from within the room to sense people were staring at the scene from the staring sense blaring. Guardian formed an angry glare on his face faking his anger. 
The older male was heard addressing him "This is my daughter who's fifteen and shouldn't be in here-"
Guardian heard Katrina interrupt "I'm not your daughter! Let go of me now and leave me alone! It's my life and I can do what I want with-"
He exhaled a breath as the older male backhanded Katrina on the face appearing to quiet her. 
Guardian kept the glare as the older male spoke loudly towards him while keeping a hold on Katrina's arm "Excuse me. Katrina my daughter here isn't the legal age to drink. She shouldn't be in here. I aim to take her home where she belongs instead of out partying." 
He didn't comment a response as a loud voice broke "Who did Katrina come with this time?"
Guardian found the two females that were with Katrina at the table in the arm grips of two waiters who pushed them both in sight near him as the boss came into his line of sight.
He eyed Shea he'll call her instead of the boss wording by the waiters, who added "Thank you sir on coming into here and preventing another incident of underage girls drinking themselves drunk and coming out to be targets of males for some forced mating ritual. Bouncer, please see this Mister and his daughter and her companions out now."
He didn't say a word jabbed a finger towards the doorway entrance. He watched as Katrina still silently pulled out of the bar by the older male he assumed was her legal guardian. Guardian found Katrina and her guardian were followed by her two companions. He went to resume his spot near the doorway entrance and heard the music resume its thumping noises. Guardian sensed himself spied at. The sense making him look around the room seeing various too many females appeared to be staring in his direction appearing to ogle him. Guardian saw their expressions were of amusement while appearing to ogle him making him disgusted. He resumed looking away from their staring as the spying sense continued making him get annoyed with it. 
He felt annoyance take hold as he thought "Bloody Hades, for being spied on since I have taken this ridiculous job as the bouncer of the bar whenever it was open. The spying sense seemed lengthy and ended when the bar signaled closing time by the music ending.
I would feel relief hearing a bell noise heard followed by Sparkette blaring her familiar line in her foreign accented voice 'Bar closed now so leave.'" 
Guardian kept up the bouncer job seemingly lengthy keeping his mind blank in response, till the music stopped is when there was a bell and Sparkette's familiar voice blaring loudly. He heard her familiar words which he turned to glare at the patrons. 
Guardian finding only three of the females were left including a brown haired female looking his Mother raiser's age going up to him and gently kissed him on the cheek. She habitually doing that to him as usual every time at closing time and leaving the bar through the entrance. 
Guardian heard soft groaning loudly among the waiters. Shea he saw arrived with her familiar entourage group with her. He heard the waiters cutting off the noises abruptly and saw the ladies leave the bar through the entrance. 
Shea, Guardian saw through the glass windows locking the bar's entrance via key and going up the stairs as usual at every closing time. He frowned finding that Shea had always left that way leaving the staff to take the back entrance through the kitchen. 
Guardian thought "I recalled told by Sparkette still using her foreign accent 'The kitchen door has a programmed computer lock locking the door after the staff members left work through that door.'" 
He went to the kitchen going inside to the men's locker room to find Hunter there yanking off his briefs and spilling money all over the place. Guardian found Hunter doing the money spilling while baring himself and the male always looking annoyed. He looked away going to his locker to exchange his clothes baring himself. He always ignoring the other males in the room chattering on what they were going to do during the day. Guardian heard the same commentary spoken by one of the loud mouth males dubbed Talker by Shea. 
Talker he heard was saying in some whiny tone "I can't wait to get home to sleep. This job is tiring." 
He wound up hearing from Hunter loudly "I have to study for my classes at the local college. I despise having the bar job to pay for my schooling expenses while taking schooling to get an office job period. How degrading. I can't wait to quit this ridiculous job."
Guardian didn't comment a response to the talk he hearing silence from the other males. He wordlessly got into underwear, jeans, socks, sweatshirt and winter geared clothes including his boots. He patted his pocket always finding his key inside along with ID card. 
He without a word walked out of the locker room to find Sparkette wearing a coat over her clothes. 
She was speaking her familiar words towards him whenever he came out of the locker room via the kitchen near the back entrance to the bar "Walk me home will you?"
Guardian sighed and obeyed walking out of the bar with Sparkette to find them in a graffiti alleyway as usual. He didn't protest as she took his arm and led the way him silently not talking towards her. 
She heard commenting from time to time her familiar words "Whoever the boss ropes into doing the stripping job is expected to get a certain quota of pounds from the patrons. That quota must be met in order to keep sixty percent of the money with the rest going to Shea herself to help run the bar." 
He heard the familiar words from Sparkette as usual remained silent.
Guardian wound up only to hear from her unexpectedly "You got a name Guardian?"
He sighed and spoke "Yah I do. Its Guard no joke, that I was given that Guardian name. It's my actual nickname as said to me by various people after meeting me including some family members." 
He clamped his mouth shut eyeing the scenery ahead of them as Sparkette kept a tight hold on his arm and heard from her "Sparkette isn't my actual name despite dubbed that when I tried out for parts in the acting industry in Mahalia. It's Kassenia actually. What's your last name anyway?"
Guardian frowned and spoke "Its Beers as in Guard Beers." 
He sensed Sparkette stiffen from his admittance by her hand on his arm. Guardian heard nothing from her again. They reached a public street looking deserted with cars parked at the curb on both sides. 
He didn't comment a response as Sparkette spoke shocking him "So you know who your parents are anyway?"
Guardian spoke feeling fed up with lying "Sorry can't say for privacy reasons."
Guardian kept his mouth shut as Sparkette led him to a building connected with other buildings in a row with stairs leading up to it. He stood and waited as Sparkette kept her hold onto his arm and found himself looking at her. 
She spoke, Guardian seeing her looking at him "Do you know anyone named Victoria Lynn?"
Guardian stiffened with shock hearing her speak the name as he spoke "I do know who that is. She's my Mother actually some actress who gave me up for adoption."
He frowned as Sparkette hugged him unexpectedly shocking him. 
She spoke after breaking off the hugging status to Guardian's shock "One of the female patrons at the bar asked me to ask you various questions. It's due to thinking that you’re her son she gave up judging by the looks of her face seen on your face." 
He broke off Sparkette's hold on his arm and spoke "That older female that always kisses my cheek before leaving the bar. It was her wasn't it?"
He eyed Sparkette who spoke "That female in question who kisses your cheek isn't the one who asked me to ask you questions actually. She habitually does that to whoever does the bouncer job. And sorry I can't tell you which of the females asked me to ask you these questions. I have to tell her your responses first then action will be taken for a meeting actually."
Guardian sighed and didn't say a word as he saw Sparkette to her apartment inside going up three flights of stairs looking seedy and disgusting to him. That along with seeing people he assumed were drunkards lying in the floor of the landings looking like they were passed out drunk. He saw Sparkette inside her apartment by the door and heard her lock it after shutting it closed behind her in a door slam move as always after getting her to her apartment. 
He speed walked out of the building and took a quick route to a major street where there were taxis driving by. Guardian signaled for a taxi seemingly lengthy waiting ignored by taxis driving by. He found a taxi stopped near him to let out a female looking like she knew him while dressed in coat covering her form that gave him a glaring expression. 
Guardian ignored the glaring female in response to dart inside the taxi. He gave up his street address finding the driver parking the car at the intersection and refused to budge as always. He got out after paying his fare via hand print method. Guardian used the blaring city's lights to get himself home to the apartment's house. He finding there was motion detector lights on the stairs and landing to his relief. 
Guardian recalled "I wound up asking Daria to have the motion detector lights installed via electrician onto the stairs and on the landing which she wound up agreeing to that to my relief." 
He went inside the apartment after unlocking the door shutting it closed. Guardian locked the door then turned on the chain lamp overhead by banging forehead against it in his search. He stripped himself of his boots and winter gear putting them away into the closet before going to the bed. 
Guardian turned on the lamp along with turning off the overhead light. He groaned softly to get himself into bed adjusting the alarm clock to go off at the same time every day he worked at the bar except for Sundays. He threw the blankets up his chest and shut his eyes passing out unconscious after turning off the lamp.

Guardian came to hearing the doorbell ringing in an insisting tone. He groaned and eyed the alarm clock finding the time was six o'clock in the morning and not his wake up time. 
He grumbled "Bloody Hades." 
Guardian turned on the lamp and stormed to the front door. Guardian wound up peering through the peephole to find a male there visibly underneath the glaring light holding a postcard to Elizabethan Island up in view while appearing to be smoking from the looks of it. He sighed and yanked open the door after unlocking it and glared at the male he finding was looking different from Warwick by facial appearance. He saw the male had the twin clothes as Warwick who without a word stubbed his cigarette on an ashtray on the porch railing then pocketed the postcard. 
The male spoke as he glared "Mind if I come in?"
Guardian heard the familiar Victoria state accent obeyed as the male came into the apartment to sit in one of the dining chairs as he locked both doors behind. 
He turned to glare and spoke "What's going on with Warwick medically? He seemed to have some kind of coughing ailment in front of me the last time he visited me." 
He eyed the male who cleared his throat and spoke "The King gave all male personal contacts secretly communicating with you to use the name of Warwick period. It's currently undecided on what the name should be used if the contact is female."
Guardian groaned softly but didn't comment a response. The male he saw had some looks of Daisuke with the eye area looking twinning and skin color but had grey colored hair instead of all black by the first Warwick had. 
Warwick he assumed he'll call him continued "My predecessor had to quit due to a medical issue hitting from his smoking habit. The medical issue turned out to be something else than smoking he had to take priority to further prolong his life. I'm not given clear details of what the medical issue is. Other than that the blame is aimed at his smoking habit for causing him to be sick in the first place."
Guardian spoke "Well what news is on the King I should know of anyway?"
He eyed Warwick who spoke "Actually I have news on your job establishment. It appears that word got out to the police that the bar was serving minors. The cops had the bar owner arrested an hour ago for breaking the law. 
The bar establishment O'Shea's as its called, in question wound up closed for further notice according to the sign on the door. I checked your work establishment out after assigned this job by contacts related to the King himself." 
Guardian groaned loudly and clamped his mouth shut seeing Warwick give him a glare which he frowned visibly while eyeing the male. 
Warwick added sounding firm "That's not why I was sent to here."
He kept the frown visibly on his face as Warwick continued talking still using the firm voice tone "There's an accident with the King's plane on the route to Republic State."
Guardian gasped of shock hearing Warwick's words as Warwick continued talking ignoring his noises "The plane was flying from Victoria State went through some winter storm like weather springing up unexpectedly. The weather reporters have claimed when checked that there wouldn't be such a storm. 
The plane's distress signal was detected blaring before cut off along with other communications to the plane ignored. The plane was presumed crashed into Helene national park according to the distress signal traced to there. 
I'm still awaiting word of if the searchers will find the plane and see if there's any survivors or not." 
Guardian groaned softly as Warwick gave up a throat clearing noise before adding "The Queen and the King's offsprings remained behind in Victoria State. It was on orders of the King insisting that they shouldn't come with him to Republic state to celebrate King's Day. It's his reason to why he was on the route to Republic state by plane. 
Anyway last I heard from my contact related to the King is that searchers are currently in the national park where the plane presumed to crashed in. 
Unfortunately the searchers are fighting with a very snowy wintery like snow and ice storm hitting the area where the plane hit the ground in the park. The storm has seemed lengthy with its weather status hitting. 
Weather reporters have been claiming that the storm hitting the area is acting oddly. The storm observed to be focused on that park area instead of traveling elsewhere in the nation like such storms usually do."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as Warwick again cleared his throat and continued "The King did say unofficially that if he was unable to keep the King's throne title before his official male offspring heir was old enough to take his place that his oldest male offspring not declared the heir would take the King title and hold it till the heir is old enough to be declared King. The declaration age is sixteen according to the law set down on when a minor can take the King's official titled duties."
Guardian sighed again and spoke as Warwick paused from talking to give him a glare "Fine I get it your point on what you're talking about. Anyway I must report that the bartender at the bar named Sparkette. She's a female talked to me to indicate that a female patron recognized me as her son from my facial appearance I'm assuming. I was told that the female patron told the bartender to ask me certain questions related to confirming that offspring Mother connection." 
He heard Warwick hiss out a breath as he continued "Sparkette indicated that she was going to tell that female the results of the questioning at the next meeting in the bar when it's open again." 
He clamped his mouth shut and eyed Warwick who spoke "Interesting what address did this Sparkette lived in? Perhaps I can get people to her to find this female she mentioned to you." 
Guardian spoke the address fully and added "It's some apartment building with drunkards lying in the stairwell landing appearing to be passed out unconscious. 
The building is in some reported bad part of the city for people living off the state. 
That's due to claims of some disability which is excuse to not get a job and have a life while they fuel some drinking habit." 
He clamped his mouth shut to hear a familiar beep sound from Warwick along with a ringing like noise to frown as the male pulled out a device from his pocket he assumed was a cell phone.
He saw Warwick unfolded the cell phone sticking it in his ear. 
Guardian heard Warwick speaking "Yes?"
He frowned as Warwick's expression remained but the eyes formed a narrowed glare look before the male resumed talking "I'm currently at the location with the progeny at the moment whose already been told the situation related to the King himself." 
Guardian frowned hearing that eyed Warwick who paused then spoke "Fine I'll tell the progeny of what you have in mind. I will put this order in action as soon as possible." 
He saw Warwick press a button on the cell phone giving off a beep sound. Then saw the male folded the cell phone in half and put it away in a pocket of his trench coat. 
Warwick spoke addressing him "Orders from the King's second in command is that you're to be transported to Victoria State immediately on a further notice. 
The storm focused onto the national park has managed to ease up its hitting. According to the weather reporters has appeared to stop for now. 
The searchers have managed to gain entrance into the park's area and are currently looking for wreckage of the plane including any survivors as well. So get dressed into something presentable now and shower while you're at it. You reek of female's perfume actually." 
He frowned as Warwick gave him a glare in response. Guardian went into the bathroom stripping himself of his sweats to shower fully. He once done showering brushed his long hair neatly after drying it by hair dryer. Guardian walked out to get his cheapo suit putting it on along with his underwear, socks and dressy shoes. 
Guardian walked out of the hallway into the bedroom eyeing Warwick who had resumed being on his cell phone. He heard Warwick's talk was appearing to be calling for transportation from the wording used. 
Guardian wound up hearing Warwick "I'm ordering the personal effects of the progeny be removed from the apartment. All evidence of him living there permanently removed."
He heard from Warwick after a pause "Let the landlord be allowed to keep the deposit to keep her mouth shut on the progeny living there." 
He frowned as Warwick noticed him and shut off the cell phone and put it away. 
He stood with arms folded as Warwick spoke "Have to wait for the driver to call that he's arrived. This is going to take quite a lengthy time so go eat something now. I can't say when's your next meal will arrive after you're safely transported to some place to wait on news related to the King himself so eat." 
He obeyed making sure to eat the food making sure it didn't spill onto his suited clothes. Then once done to find Warwick at the doorway entrance the doors open and gesturing him to come. Guardian obeyed following Warwick out into the cold of darkness. He glanced at the sky finding the dotted lights were beginning to wink out indicating sunrise was slowly arriving. Guardian followed Warwick to a black tinted windowed sedan parked at the curb. He got inside with Warwick. Guardian felt himself sleepy abruptly as the car was heard starting up by the driver's soothing voice in a compelling voice tone making him lean back in the seat shutting his eyes.

Guardian woke up with a start feeling Warwick's hand on his shoulder shaking him awake. He groaned of pain all over as he eyed Warwick after waking up.
Warwick spoke "We're here so get out now." 
He obeyed to think "I recall a dream fully in my mind." 
Guardian walked stiffly while grimacing from the pain cutting his thought as he followed Warwick out of the car. Guardian glimpsed the sun blaring through the windows of the airplane's docking room was. He exhaled a breath as Warwick led him to a plane parked nearby. He continued to grimace from going up the stairs as his knees whined in pain. Guardian got inside the plane to feel relief from sitting down. He buckled up his seatbelt finding Warwick seated in a seat across the aisle from him. He peered out the window while seeing the sun was fully above the horizon and appeared to already high in the sky. 
Guardian grimaced "Bloody Hades, I'm figuring out that my body was tossed into medical examination hence my all body pain." 
He kept his eyes out the window from being in too much pain to sleep. 
He added to himself "I saw in the dream a male figure wearing black clothing appearing to be pants wrapped around the ankles and feet but loose elsewhere. The male had on a vest that looked like armor to me with manacles around the wrists look up in the sky with long black hair similar length to my hair length.
I glimpsed the black male appeared to spot a plane flying overhead made a throwing ball gesture towards the plane. I saw snowy ice fell hard making the plane crash onto a mountain top nearby landing on the trees intact. 
I continued to recall the male jumped into the air and flew up the tree's trunk like he had some walking on the trunk's ability to reach the top of a tree. Then the male flew in the air with legs swinging in a runner's jog. 
I saw the male's face was hidden from me showing it entirely black with yellow orbed eyes in place of Egyptian eyes. I saw the male reached the plane to smash an entrance through tearing at the window and entered it."
Guardian sighed softly to think additional thoughts "I wound up dreaming or recalling what happened next is the male unsure of who he was got inside the plane where the crew inside appeared to be unconscious from the looks of them. 
I recalled spotting my Father awake struggling against a seatbelt pinning him to the seat with failure who appeared to panic further seeing the male reached him. 
I heard a guttural growling voice tone 'Your time as an Egyptian is up now.' 
I continued to recall my Father swearing 'Bloody Hades!' 
I heard my Father insult of Bloody Hades added 'Bloody Hades towards Meritanians!' 
I heard 'Yerra and Tut you stinking Meritanians! I'll get you for that for pulling this stunt onto me. 
That despite some deal made to let me be Egyptian instead of being Hades. That deal was put in place after I originally arrived to Egyptia as that vampire. 
I wound up taking the King's throne in Mahalia including originating that saying Bloody Hades. You got Owen manipulated to give me the throne with that male taking my place as Hades.' 
I frowned to continue to recall the male with the black face I figured was Hades as referred by my Father. 
I saw Hades reached behind his head and yanked off the face I saw was a mask. I saw Hades' Egyptian face was seen as a familiar face I figured from history books was King Owen himself. 
I found Hades put the mask onto my Father's face who didn't resisted to that sensing he was manipulated to not to resist. I continued to recall that my Father gave off a scream of terror before becoming still and silent after the mask was placed over his face. 
Hades Owen yanked my Father out of the seat putting him on the floor in a lying position. I saw ropey objects looking like ropes covered my Father which the Hades' clothes shredded off Hades Owen like water. 
Hades Owen disappeared in a flash of light which I saw clearly in my mind arrive to a beach fall onto the area appearing to be unconscious." 
Guardian kept his eyes out the plane's window as the plane flew in the air traveling to Victoria State he saw as he added to his thoughts "I recalled fully on Owen's youngness features changing into an old male with long cloud colored hair wearing clothes twin to mine on his form that was a suit. Then Owen I saw was woken up by a hand shaking the male's shoulder. 
Owen woke up to look at the hand's owner I saw appearing to be through Owen's eyesight abruptly instead of my own eyesight via dreaming memory method. 
I saw the hand's owner was a young male around my aged Egyptian appearance wearing odd clothing on his form that weren't seen among Egyptians in a long time. The clothes I saw consisted of blue tight pants highlighting the legs and black booted shoes that appeared to be easily slip on and off. I glimpsed a white dress of a red bird on the front on the male's chest. The male I saw was wearing a golden crown on top of the long black haired head having red jewels on it. 
I found myself looking in another's point of view via eyesight instead of Owen's eyesight. I saw the crowned male appeared to look at my eyesight point of view as if sensing me and made a hand chopping gesture. 
The dream went black and I wound up waking up from Warwick's hand's manipulation in the car feeling pain all over." 
Guardian frowned as the plane reached Victoria state's capital's airport while feeling the pain stopped bothering him. He saw the plane stop nearby a convoy of black vehicles all having black tinted windows creeping him out with their sinister looks. 
He got ordered by Warwick "We're here in Capital City so let's get out of here."
Guardian obeyed leaving the plane to get from Warwick "Follow me. I'll show you which vehicle you're to go in."
He wordlessly followed Warwick to a vehicle and got inside the car. He found the vehicle was escorted by other cars in front of it, behind it and on its sides from looking out the windows as it traveled through Capital City. 
He recognized the vehicle was appearing to take a route to the King's residence as he thought "I recalled the King's residence when I last visited was dubbed Peaches by security. I wonder if they changed the name." 
The vehicle he saw went through an opening in the gate surrounding the house having armed guards escorting it on foot. He frowned as the vehicle drove slow on the driveway passed a forest of trees lining the driveway and stopped at the house's entrance from memory of been there before. 
Guardian saw a familiar female he recognized to be the Queen looking sad. He saw the Queen was standing holding a wrapped blanketed bundle in her arms. 
Guardian saw she had a female standing next to her that had looks of his Father's facial appearance he assumed was Olga who had a big frown on her face seen. He wordlessly got out of the car and walked up the Queen to stand facing her who appeared to grimace seeing him. 
Olga he heard loudly speaking "He's not bad looking anyway." 
Guardian spoke as if compelled by his familiar senses blaring again "I went around publicity using the name of Guard Beers with nickname of Guardian used. So tell me what name did my Father use to refer me to you anyway?"
He eyed the Queen who again grimaced fully on her face as he felt the feeling stopped hitting him.
Then she spoke "He called you Victor after word got out that he fathered you which is your official name to the public actually." 
Guardian frowned hearing the Queen's accent reminded him of Republic state natives' accents.
He kept his mouth shut and eyed the Queen who continued "Publicity Queens in my position were always referred by the name title of Queen Georgina which is not my actual name. It's Svetlana actually. I came from Republic state hence my accent. It's to explain to people never hearing me talk publicity. 
The no talking status towards Queens was ordered not to do any public speaking by a previous King I believe was Owen. He was holding the title at the time. 
His Majesty King Owen issued this status as an order that got taken up by Nikolas himself soon after he was crowned King." 
Guardian gave a head bob in response as the Queen kept talking "Your sister who was fathered by another male was publicity referred by the name of Victoria by my husband. 
I heard the name of Talia was used via news's reports in any way of them reporting on that subject. The Talia name stuck as a result despite my husband's efforts to use the Victoria name thwarted repeatedly." 
He frowned fully with his lips as Olga spoke after the Queen paused "I'm itching for a drink so excuse me."
He watched as Olga walked off going inside the house. 
Guardian got ordered by the Queen "Come inside with me now."
Guardian obeyed following the Queen inside. He recalled the house's contents from memory of a personal private visit as an eighteen year old a cycle after the news's blaring of the King's first born son came out. 
He recalled "I personally met the King alone in an office after guided to there by the old Warwick title holder. I fully recalled the meeting." 
Guardian followed the Queen through the house while looking around. He pretended to look like he hadn't been in the house before as he followed the Queen. He met various staff on the way that did double take looks seeing him. 
Guardian mentally added feeling his senses quit their bothering him "I recalled the meeting with my Father. The King didn't speak much towards me instead at first appeared to be studying me fully. 
The King then spoke 'You're ordered to go hide from the public period. You will be paid a very large certain amount of pounds after a certain time period had passed. This will be done while you're in hiding. You're not to contact me or my current family for anything period.'" 
Guardian grimaced inwardly from the memory as he followed the Queen further into the house. 
The Queen led him to a door and she spoke "This is your bedroom. It's as set aside by the King for male heirs to live in. He was hoping that your nephew would take residence in the room once old enough."
Guardian stiffened from her wording to his nephew.
He spoke as she looked at him with eyes narrowed in a glare "Then you know of the deception my Father played on my sister Talia on acquiring her son to be raised as the heir while putting my other sister's son in his place. I already met Talia who doesn't seem to know of this sibling connection or the baby switch deception either." 
He clamped his mouth shut as the Queen spoke "My husband told me that he found Talia. Nick has repeatedly refused to arrange for a meeting between her and I to acknowledge this Mother daughter connection. 
He did tell me of the deception of getting a male heir from Talia after he presented me with baby Nicky for the first time. That's despite claims of a surrogate used at first. 
I refused to have anything to do with the baby till he confessed that Nicky was born through Talia which is when I accepted him. 
My Talia what name did she use while raised?"
He frowned to speak "She was referred as Olivia by her Mother raiser who's light was extinguished by cancer. Olivia is currently married to some guy named Daisuke Yamato." 
Guardian heard a hiss of breath from the Queen as he paused then continued "Daisuke Yamato wasn't fooled by the deception played onto Olivia. Or me lying on who I was due to claims of having an ability to detect lies in my presence. 
He sort of got me to admit everything related to me and my sister. That includes himself sharing various information of having some deity like abilities that involves his eyes changing ability and speaking in some creepy voice tone. 
He wound up admitting of outliving normal Egyptian life spans. Daisuke confessed to being responsible for some assassinations of people that were giving my Father problems removing on a permanent basis."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut and eyed the Queen who narrowed her eyes and spoke "Talk Victor on did this assassination job included taking out some pesky like bodyguard that was targeting me repeatedly in some mate friendship behavior. I kept on having to repeatedly refuse his mating behavior like advances repeatedly over and over."
He sighed and spoke "I got a confession from Daisuke that he assassinated the bodyguard using some mental power to stop his heart organ. This happened while the bodyguard was out in some parade guarding my Father during King's Day-"
He was interrupted "It figures that Nick would use that deity to do a job for him. Nick is paying the price by answering to that deity demanding his payment in response. Hence the plane crash including this odd winter storm hitting the area to keep people from reaching the plane for the deity to force the payment issue towards Nick himself." 
Guardian kept his mouth shut in response due to recalling his dream and felt compelled to not to talk about it instead eyed the Queen who added "Anyway I wouldn't be surprised if the searchers don't find Nick anywhere on the plane with the crew members all killed off by some mysterious way. That would indicates some non Egyptian ability and that the person who did the killing would show signs of gaining entrance into the plane in some non Egyptian way. This while appearing to carry my husband off the plane to elsewhere some place for him to serve this deity in question." 
He sighed softly and spoke recalling his dream and felt compelled to talk about it as the Queen stopped talking to give him a narrowed eyed glare "I figured that myself as well. I assure you that Daisuke had nothing to do with the deity payment towards my Father. 
This payment was done by another deity in question who has my Father in their possession at the moment. This deity wound up letting me know of that via some dream while I was sleeping in a car ride to the airplane's docking area." 
Guardian clamped his mouth shut and eyed the Queen who spoke "Alright would you come with me into the bedroom? I want to talk to you privately. The hallways have recorders monitoring conversations and people. I'm told that private rooms such as bedrooms don't have those in place." 
He obeyed to follow the Queen into the bedroom. Guardian found the room seemed to be set for a teenaged male age sixteen from the looks of various objects inside. At the Queen's order locked the door and stood staring at her. 
She added he heard "Talk to me further on this dream of yours." 
He relayed the most of the contents including talk on Owen being Hades. He omitted seeing Owen transported to a beach and woken up by a crowned male. He compelled to not to talk about that scene. 
He frowned to see the Queen grimace fully on her face before she spoke "Actually some things you should know related to Owen and his wife. 
Nicole is her actual name was actually the daughter of Nick himself when he was Hades. He was going around as some vampire deity named Hades with an ability to cause snowy weather while living in Columbia. Nick was really close to his offsprings on Columbia. 
Nick has periods as Hades when he couldn't Father children despite it happening over and over. He after he left being Hades found that he couldn't Father off spring through mating ways." 
Guardian stiffened from the Queen's words who added "Nick as Hades wound up following Nicole to Mahalia due to some connection of seeing her as family. 
He kept himself contained in Helene national park feeding off manoids that travel there. Nick always keeping them alive till Owen got old enough to announce an heir sought him out. 
Owen from what I was told by Nick wound up as Hades. Nick wound up taking Owen's place as King of Mahalia. Nick admitted this Hades connection towards me. 
He was having some allergy reaction towards taking in solid foods. Nick could only live on a diet of various liquid drinks including blood spoken to me. 
His admittance happened after I threatened to break up the relationship with him. He was pursuing me like other males were doing at the time. He always refusing to eat the food in my presence that was cooked for him. He admitted everything to me as a result. 
I wound up choosing him as my husband despite males pursuing me heavily at the time. 
The pursuing was due to won't go away strong rumors of me being related to the current Tsar. Mostly as an unknown relative's daughter which isn't the truth but a lie put in place by my Father a senior government official. 
My Father was trying to find males worthy of being my husband and spreading that rumor to get males of value to target me. This is how Nick wound up married to me in the first place."
He spoke as the Queen paused from talking "Oh interesting but what's with Olga's drinking habit?"
Guardian eyed the Queen who gave off a loud groan sound. He heard Nicky giving off cooing sounds before becoming quiet. 
The Queen spoke "Olga inherited Nick's desire to drink nourishment. This time the liquid focused onto alcohol. 
She wound up appearing to not having any effects from drinking more than a normal Egyptian female's tolerance for drinking that. Her body from tests appeared to be using the alcohol as some nourishment substance in place of drinking blood. 
Something I saw from Nick which the alcoholic use wound up affecting the baby she was carrying in some normal Egyptian female way. Towards females drinking during carrying which the baby switch wound up happening as a result. It was obvious that the baby was going to have a history of medical problems related to the drinking status making him unable to take the throne once old enough. 
The doctors did predict that the baby with his medical problems would have some problem involving developing properly as a normal offspring. They predicted that he might wound up behind in development including problems with thinking and grasping information. 
They claimed he would have some kind of mental health illness issue. The medical ailments were predicted by the doctors examining him to hit that would make him unable to take the throne hence the switch put in place."
Guardian frowned spoke as the Queen stopped talking to give him a narrowed eyed glare "Alright I learned of this baby switch deception from the doctor. He was monitoring my sister during her coma status before birthing the baby. 
This doctor blabbed everything to me involving the baby switch. He appeared to know who I was from the looks of me without an introduction said. 
The doctor didn't give me an explanation to how he knew who I was. I kept on repeatedly asking him for an explanation which the questions were ignored as usual. He went by this name of Hammad Ashar as said by my sister's Mother raiser. I wasn't able to get a name from the doctor due to him ignoring my question in response. He has repeatedly changed the subject every time I brought up the name issue." 
He clamped his mouth shut and eyed the Queen whose eyes remained narrowed with suspicion in them. 
Guardian sighed and spoke "I'm being mysteriously monitored quite heavily by West Allied state's police force. It happened soon after a drunk driver slammed his car into my Mother raiser's car. The impact of the crash reportedly killed my Mother raiser. 
The drunkard was driving the wrong way on some highway. He was later found dead by a drowning death I call it suicide. 
The police have always said it was murder. They have refused to accept the suicide theory I kept on bringing up to them. This murder status was always brought up whenever questioned by the cops on the subject. 
I noticed the monitoring after it was obvious. This became obvious while out at high school students' parties in the state forest hidden from the public. The parties always involved illegal drinking and drugs as usual. 
I suspected this monitoring due to how easily the cops found the party spot each time to do their raids. They always avoiding on arresting me despite doing that towards other students. The students arrested have always been caught with illegal items on their person or in some state of making them impaired to walk normally. 
The police's chief got a hold of me at the residence I was living in. In a rented room of someone's house to avoid going to high school students' parties period. He mentioned the exception of not arresting me would end period. 
I figured out the monitoring and found the monitoring continued no matter where I lived in Mahalia. That's from senses of someone repeatedly spying onto me. Even while I was out in public all over the place including at the jobs I worked to earn money for a living. 
A representative of my Father claimed to me that my Father had some sense of detecting whenever he was spied on by people. The sense didn't matter if they were hidden. Daisuke said that trait was inherited from Owen who passed it down to my Father. I'm not sure of how my Father can have that sense. I have the sense from what you said of Owen not fathering him." 
He eyed the Queen who spoke "Actually that sense was detected in your Father that appeared to have it. Nick displayed that sense towards me whenever we were out in public during our courtship him complaining of being spied on. 
That sense must be something a deity gave to Kings of Mahalia to have. Historical documents have said that previous Kings have each complained of being spied on soon after they were crowned King. 
That sense was admitted by the first King Yevgeny Visser on his deathbed towards his wife Mahalia and son Ivan. Hence he reportedly able to avoid assassination attempts on his life by the Brittany nation's people attempting to retake the Mahalia nation back into their rule. 
The Brittany nation's retake attempts are still ongoing. 
Mahalia's King at the moment has some kind of decades' old secret alliance with Columbia's monarchy ruler from what I heard from Nick ruling as King. 
Columbia nation was once underneath the Brittany nation's rule which there was a rebellion and the natives threw them out and has been ruling in peace ignored by Brittany. 
I believe the ignorance is because of one of Columbia's previous monarch rulers was part of the Brittany nation's monarch family. Hence the Brittany nation not doing any retaking towards Columbia in response due to assumption that the nation is underneath their rule. This happened after one of their own royal members was accepted as one of the nation's rulers from a marriage happening as a result."
Guardian frowned hearing that as the Queen paused from talking to clear her throat then continued speaking in a louder tone, the baby heard wailing loudly. "I'll see that you acquire the proper clothing for the King position along with the schooling to learn how to hold that title right away. Excuse me I must go see about getting Nicky fed from the noises he's making." 
Guardian watched her leave the room with Nicky still wailing away. He kept the door unlocked behind her but shut. Guardian looked around the room with disgust. He kept finding the items didn't seem to be interested worth examining. The items he saw were geared towards teenage males starting at age sixteen. 
He thought "It was from having a previous interests in the items and losing interests once turning nineteen years old." 
Guardian went to the bed and laid his form down on it due to feeling himself tired. Guardian shut his eyes to pass out unconscious to come to hearing an alarm clock blaring its noises. He jerked open his eyes looking around and found the familiar alarm clock blaring the time of six o'clock in the morning by the digital numbers seen glowing along with an insistence knocking sound on his door. He groaned and turned on a lamp illuminating the room. He got up going to the door yanking it open to find an older male wearing some suit with a bow tie while having a cart in front of him.
The male spoke "Excuse me I'm required to come in for instructing you on the schedule the Queen has insisted it be kept period despite your titled position."
He frowned but opened the door wider allowing the male inside and shut the door eyeing him. 
The bow tied male spoke once looking at him inside the room "Please sit at the table. I'll give you your nourishment. I'll be giving you instructions of what you're expected to wear for going out in public formally and involves how you're to style your hair." 
He obeyed to sit at the table and got handed a tray holding nourishment from the cart. He recognizing the food as normal breakfast food along with the drink. He felt himself terribly hungry ate up all the food. Guardian gulped down the drink despite senses blaring warning unexpectedly. 
He mentally called "Yerra!"
Guardian wound up speaking the female's name mentally repeatedly to feel himself ignored to his disgust. The male the butler he assumed was his position put the tray into the cart. 
He heard from the butler "Your scheduled breakfast is always going to be at six o'clock in the morning period. The time frame was insisted by Her Majesty the Queen. She insisted that you wake up to start your day by me or a staff servant. This wake up is mostly focused onto knocking onto your bedroom door and coming in with breakfast for you to eat via cart." 
Guardian felt his familiar senses blaring abruptly as he paused from repeatedly yelling Yerra's name. He figured the sense was familiar from Yerra's contact as he concentrated onto the butler. 
The butler added "I insisted on you getting yourself out of the clothes now before going into the adjoining bathroom for showering as part of your hygiene." 
He obeyed seeing the male give him a scrutiny look once he was naked. Guardian didn't comment as he walked inside the bathroom to find it contained a shower stall, a one person sink, and a toilet. He found the soap and shampoo in the stall appearing to be aimed for males judging by the smell of both of them. Guardian stepped into the shower he turned the water on to heat toleration levels. 
He heard from Yerra as expected despite his familiar senses blaring as always felt just prior to she talking to him "The Queen shouldn't have thought Nikolas was bragging on being immune to poisons she assumed he was joking. She didn't realize it was actual fact. The poisons are said to kill a manoid once in their system without the antidote taken after a certain time period." 
He stiffened from Yerra's words as she kept blaring "Nikolas is really immune to all kinds of poisons known to kill manoids including some unknown. He passed that down to you. He kept acting like he was sick from some poisoned status in front of people. 
Especially the Queen who had him poisoned just to retaliate against him admitting to fathering you. 
The poisoned status was just to control him like she's trying to do towards you in response. Oh hence there's poison in your drink which your body is immune to it."
Guardian continued to stiffen hearing that as Yerra paused. 
He sensed that she wanted him to comment mentally spoke "What's with the bit of me not acknowledged as the heir? It was rumored that the Queen was jealous towards the female who birthed me would target her husband with marriage on her mind?"
He continued to soap and scrubbed himself all over as Yerra blared "That was due to that Olga was implanted inside the Queen after repeated mating proved no results. The implantation was done secretly without the King's knowledge at first. 
This fact came out after the Queen wound up birthing her second daughter. The second daughter's appearance was twin to the male that fathered her. Hence the King told of that deception. 
Besides the Queen was really jealous of the female that produced you as the King's son. She used some poisoned status onto your Father. Just to keep him from announcing you as the heir. He has repeatedly acted sick from side effects of his body withdrawing from the poison hence it assumed that he was poisoned in the first place. 
Oh it was his idea to use Olga to carry offspring to produce a male heir which the Queen went along with it. The trick wound up backfiring from Olga's drinking habit affecting the baby. 
Your Father had to use that trick onto the Queen's second daughter despite repeatedly balking his wife's attempts to contact her female offspring. He wound up not telling the Queen that he kept tabs on the daughter. 
Your Father kept tabs in hopes she would produce a male offspring he would use as his heir despite already knowing of your existence back then."
Guardian frowned hearing that mentally spoke "Then what about my creation between my Mother and my Father being successful and reportedly some accident?"
He frowned as he heard a male voice blare in his mind. 
He figured belonged to Tut in response "That creation was no accident. It was actually planet Egyptia's way of wanting someone to handle those deathless manoids causing damage to her. As in removing them on a permanent basis despite she having her own efforts thwarted repeatedly."
Guardian continued to frown hearing Tut's words who added "The Queen has given secret orders of assassinating the female who birthed you. Her orders came out after the fact that the King fathered you came out just to keep her marriage to your Father intact.
She's really power mad enough to want to have the King in position underneath her thumb. Hence she poisoning him along with able to make him a puppet of hers to do what she says. 
She aims to do the same towards you till her grandson is old enough to take the throne. 
Nicky to be influenced to ruled underneath her influence and teachings enough to change things around Mahalia. These changes despite people warning her through our influence would make the Brittany nation have no resistance to take over the monarchy rule. 
That including retaking the nation underneath them again despite their attempts still ongoing. Besides you showered enough. 
So get out now the butler is thinking that your a water waster when your not." 
He obeyed to get a towel drying himself then wrapped the towel around himself like a skirt and left the bathroom to face the butler who cleared his throat. 
The butler he glared at spoke "You'll find the appropriate clothes for wearing laid out on the bed sir. I may have to assist in helping you adjust them to presentable means." 
Guardian didn't comment a response removed the towel and put it on the bathroom's doorknob still watched by the butler went to the bed. Guardian found the clothes seemed to be another version of his cheapo suit omitting the tie. The material from the feel via his hands' touch was more richly made. He wound up finding the underwear and socks seemed to be cheaply made from the feel of them as he put them on. Guardian put on the suit having the butler assist on adjusting it to look neat. He didn't complain about along with putting on his shoes he found were some fancy sneaker to him. Guardian didn't complain to the butler tying his shoelaces for him tight on his feet. 
He spoke "Excuse me what's done about my hair?"
Guardian eyed the butler who went to the cart in response and pulled out a hairbrush and a hair band.
The butler he eyed spoke "You're expected to wear your hair neatly pulled back while out among the public for formal events including when wearing the suit. Your hair can be styled any way you wish for events that aren't required you to dress formally." 
He frowned but didn't say a word and took the hairbrush and hair band into the bathroom. Guardian wound up finding the butler following him inside the bathroom. He proceeded to brush his hair neatly as he could along with pulling it back into a tail held by the hair band. Guardian heard a sound of Tsk from the butler who took the hairbrush and yanked the hair band out of his hair to his annoyance. 
He glared at the butler who spoke "Your style of putting your hair back does not look appropriate. So excuse me while I teach you the proper way of doing it." 
Guardian didn't comment a response eyed the mirror in response. The butler proceeded to teach him on putting his hair back in an acceptable tail style including teaching him how to put the tail into an acceptable ball style. He wound up taught to use the hair band to hold the ball in place.
He got told "The ball hairstyle is habitually used by long haired Kings or heirs competing in sporting events. Such as one sporting event involved the right to compete in the Egyptian World Games which mostly involved racing a sailboat with crew aboard against other sailboats. 
Guardian frowned as the butler got him to practice putting his hair up repeatedly in the appropriate way the male wanted him to wear his hair. 
Guardian spoke "Sailboats? Is that the traditional sporting event the King or heir competes in whenever hoping to compete in the Egyptian World Games?"
He eyed the butler through the mirror as he cleared his throat. 
The butler spoke "Actually that sporting event was proven to be very strongly publicity accepted for Kings or heirs to compete in when trying to gain entrance into the Egyptian World Games. Other sporting events for gaining entrance were very strongly put down by the Mahalia's natives. 
The restless natives insisted that they wanted their own people to compete in the games representing any sporting event that involves the King or heir expressed interests in. It doesn't matter if it involves just an interest in practicing that sport for recreational use and no interests in competing in it. 
Your Father had an interests in this ridiculous sport of ball basket. It involves throwing a ball to get it into a holey basket above his height repeatedly. This involved watching people play games of doing this ridiculous sporting event while others were seen trying to block the ball from going into the holey basket over and over. 
Your Father even had bodyguards ordered to play one to one games against him in that sport for certain time periods of the evening. He played obsessed with body guards. The Queen had to come out of the house to the ball basket's court to order him inside for bed. 
She always insisting that he played enough and should be resting. It's a pity that the Queen couldn't get him to drop his interests in that sport enough to consider doing something else. Oh well." 
He frowned but didn't comment a response as the butler added "I declare you ready for presenting yourself to the Queen in the Main office. I will be leading you to there as ordered. I being sure that you haven't been to the residence before. 
Guardian kept his mouth shut as Yerra's voice blared in his mind as he wordlessly followed the butler out of the bathroom "Your Father had all records of your visit destroyed. 
That included taking out people who witnessed the visit through assassination means. 
Warwick the first one was actually poisoned by your Father to keep his mouth shut on the visit. That includes visiting you privately without the Queen's knowledge of it. Hence he taking up the smoking habit due to that it helped him tolerate the pain of the poison within his system. 
Unfortunately the Queen found out through manipulating your Father in some mating ritual to get him to talk. Like he always talks during such rituals like that happening to him, him answering some certain questions, about Warwick doing the tabs visiting since you were a youngster. 
She cut the visits short by hitting Warwick the first with another kind of poison. She's the one who told the King to order Warwick to quit smoking. 
Warwick the first is currently deposed on a permanent basis as in light extinguished as you say it, after the poison took effect through his system."
He eyed the butler's back without commenting to Yerra with him following. He taking a look around to pretend he hadn't been in the residence before. 
Guardian heard Tut blare "I warn you that the sickness of withdrawing from the poison that hit your Father always involves him throwing up his stomach contents. There's no set time frame of that happening actually. 
The throwing up was assumed to him reacting to being poisoned. Hence he thinking the same thing strongly enough to do what the Queen ordered him. 
We have managed to get people underneath our influence saying that he was actually immune to the poison and withdrawing from it. He has refused to believe those people every time this immune status was said to him from mind scans of him being told this." 
Guardian mentally spoke "I believe you due to that my senses gave me warning involving the nourishment I drank. My senses indicated the poisoned status. 
I had an incident of drinking some kind of lethal poison disguised as wine at some forest party invited there by a female. She insisted I go despite the party run by a male who was bullying me. 
This male kept on giving me some suicide themed stuff. The stuff doesn't matter if it involved talking or not repeatedly over and over. 
I drank that poison. I survived but wound up sick with throwing up later on. The bully admitted the poison in the wine aimed at me. He told his friends at the party finding it funny. He was said that the poison would be enough to kill me. He even claimed to making the poisoning seem like I committed suicide. He used the reason of some girl refusing to date me which is when they left me lying in the forest. 
I wound up sick that night. The male left me with some stuff left to make it seem like it was a suicide when the cops found me in the morning due to claims that the poison would kill me then. I survived the poisoning after spending a few hours of throwing it all up from my stomach. 
I felt much better after that that I managed to get myself to civilization. A Samira female found me walking on the street while out with her dog got me into her house. I was giving resistance at the time. The Samira female wound up reportedly called my Mother raiser from recognizing me. It was from my Mother raiser doing a job for the family. 
My Mother raiser picked me up via vehicle. She scolded me in some angry mood for staying out passed my curfew time."
He stopped his mental talk to find the butler leading him in the hallway to the Main office as it was dubbed. 
Tut was heard "Yah I know what happened next which resulted in the car accident that took your Mother's life. 
I warn you that the Dead Keeper's test results said that your Mother had a head injury that was bound to cause damage. The head injury would make her a vegetable for life. 
The cops haven't said anything about her neck being broken .It's what they pinpointed was what killed her by you doing that killing."
Guardian stiffened hearing that as Tut continued "The cops also hid the fact that you killed your Mother by a price tag of monitoring you heavily via various ways. 
They are still suspecting you responsible for that drunkard's death instead of believing your theory of suicide."
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as he continued to hear "Besides those cops somehow must have figured out that you had some kind of importance of being kept alive at all costs. 
The drunkard in question was known among the cops in Cairo to be some deathless Egyptian breaking the law repeatedly. The drunkard kept on surviving people's attempts to kill him. That despite how much deadly force was used onto him that would have killed a normal Egyptian."
Guardian inhaled of shock hearing Tut's words who stopped talking and felt the mind scanning he assumed were what the Meritanians were doing towards him to stop. He and the butler reached the doors to the Main office which the male knocked on the doors a code of three knocks. He stood waiting as the door opened showing a male with short blonde hair wearing mirrored sunglasses and an entirely one colored suit of clothes. The male stepped aside widening the door wider and jerking his head aside to indicate on them both to come into the room. 
Guardian found himself going inside alone with the butler not following him. He found the Queen seated at the desk some look of calculation in her eyes creeping him out. He noticed a female nearby wearing some maid uniform that was covering her femininity. 
Guardian saw she was busy feeding Nicky via straw tube into his mouth he was appearing to suck the contents looking bloody to him. He noticed three other males in the room dressed and looks twinning to the male that answered the door. 
Guardian walked up to the desk and stood with arms on his sides eyeing the Queen with a frown on his face. He saw her look him up and down and fully looking at his face with the calculation look on her face. 
He got from her speaking "Your appearance is acceptable. I expect you to keep it up while out holding the King's position titled duties. The duties involving you having to look the way you're dressed and hair styled at the moment for events that calls for it." 
He gave a head bob in response and kept the frown on his face still eyeing the Queen.
She again spoke "Alright I get to the point. Your Father's plane was found with wreckage smashed into a mountain from the looks of it. There were no survivors of that accident. The wreckage was found by a fire smoke billowing from it. It's how the searchers found the plane. It was found completely engulfed in fire indicating no one could have survived the explosion soon after it crashed. 
I'm sorry about this, Victor. 
The official story as said via broadcasts is that the plane had mechanical problems and crashed into Haunted Mountain in Helene national state forest bursting into a fireball killing all aboard including your Father 
This was publicity known once the wreckage was found." 
Guardian kept his mouth shut in response while eyeing the Queen who jabbed a finger aimed at him. 
He got thrust a metal bucket he gripped while speaking "Excuse me?"
Guardian felt a needle poke him in the neck along with restrained by two of the bodyguards as the drug's contents went into him then the needle was removed. He finding the needle's holder was from the female wearing the maid uniform while noticing a baby's crib nearby he figured was holding Nicky. 
He continued to hold the bucket as he felt himself needing to throw up arrived. Guardian threw up into the bucket repeatedly over and over. He felt like he threw up his entire stomach's contents and got the thing taken away along with given a familiar drink of orange juice his senses again blared warning. He gulped the orange juice down entirely due to thirstiness and needing nourishment from a weakness feeling hitting him. 
Guardian figured to himself thinking "The Queen is demonstrating that I'm poisoned." 
He got the cup taken away by force before he was finished with the contents. He resumed staring at the Queen with a confused expression on his face. 
The Queen, Guardian stared at spoke "That was just a demonstration of you being poisoned. The sickness is the result of the antidote injected into you to keep you alive on a temporary basis." 
He groaned softly to rub his neck where the needle's injection site was finding the area had healed up leaving no scar in its place. 
The Queen he heard kept talking "The poison I warn you is quite lethal enough to kill you. If you don't have the proper medicines injected into your system to keep you alive living longer. 
Don't bother asking if there's a cure for removing that poison from your system. I was assured there isn't actually. You want to keep yourself alive hmm?"
Guardian gave a head bob in response removed his hand from his neck. 
The Queen continued talking he hearing her "You will do what I say and what I see fit for you to do while holding the King's position. That's until Nicky is at the proper age to take over which is sixteen as the law states. 
Don't think of acquiring a female despite public pressures for you to acquire one. I will see that she whoever she is that attracts your eyes is deposed on a permanent basis. Even if she succeeds in snaring you into a marriage trap something I forbid you to do while holding the King's position. 
You get it my words Victor?"
He spoke "What about mating with females? I'm a man I have needs that only a woman can provide." 
Guardian clamped his mouth shut seeing the Queen's facial expression turned into a glare.
The Queen spoke "Too bad, you'll have to do without that mating issue period. I know of females would do anything to gain a husband.
That includes getting pregnant with his child and doing what it takes to get the Father of her baby to marry her and accepting responsibility to the offspring's care. This issue will be ongoing towards you. 
Females have repeatedly been known to have tried that stunt onto various males mostly public figures in the government. Some of the females had success in breaking up marriages in the process including getting the targeted male to marry her. 
This includes having the targeted male as her husband for life despite attempts of divorce thwarted every time that was brought up." 
He frowned eyeing the Queen who paused from her snarling voice tone then continued speaking "The public polled is still scared on having a Queen leading the Mahalia nation. That's from what happened when Brittany's Queen ruled them as an excuse of still wanting a male to lead them as King. 
I aim to have you convince the Mahalia natives that a Queen can rule as well as a King. I expect you to do a good job in this period. I aim to lead Mahalia as their Queen once the public stops being scared enough to accept me with you in the King position leading the sheep to believe in this." 
He exhaled a breath hearing her reference to the word sheep for Mahalia's natives as the Queen continued talking "Contact Harrington and have him give Victor a tour of the house and its grounds. Including on where he's to go while holding the King position immediately." 
Guardian didn't comment a response kept his mouth shut as there was a door opening sound behind then a throat clearing noise behind him. 
Guardian took a look to find the familiar butler there that spoke "I remained outside the door. I was suspecting that Victor would be needing to be given a tour of the residence and where he's permitted to go as the King titled holder, Your Majesty." 
He kept his mouth shut as the Queen was heard not commenting behind him. He saw the butler gave a head bob. 
The butler added addressing him "Your Majesty, please follow me out." 
He wordlessly followed the butler he assumed was his name Harrington taking a tour throughout the house residence. He found Harrington showing him various rooms of where the King's personal family residence wing was involved with sleeping, exercising, and eating. 
Guardian was shown the rooms involving holding public events that involved dinners and parties including where people visitors were permitted to visit for a fee of seeing the rooms decorated for Lancelot holiday. 
He was led outside and shown the pool for swimming laps. The pool having itself underneath a huge balloon like cover which he figured it was for the weather. He was shown a small court for basketball one on one he saw along with a garden inside a greenhouse of vegetables and flowers scattered around inside it. 
Guardian spoke during the walk back to the house "What about pets? Is there any residence gonoids I should be aware of?"
He eyed Harrington who looked at him and spoke "Your Father had just prior to his courtship with Her Majesty had kept a dog for a lengthy period of time unsure of when. Her Majesty wound up indicating some terrible allergic reaction towards the dog on a visit to here. 
His Majesty was forced to give up the dog to someone else I heard reportedly put the poor dog down through some shooting accident. Your Father hasn't been successful on having any pets regardless of what domestic gonoid it is having fur or hair on its form. 
Her Majesty has complained of terrible allergic reactions to the gonoids in question each time she was in their presence. He did had to resort to having several water fish gonoids kept contained in water tanks for him to have something to take care of as a pet. There was a suggestion of him having a domesticated lizard. 
Her Majesty has reportedly tried to talk him out of having the lizard. The talk was due to some fear of the lizard gonoid. Something he didn't seem to listen to her about till after Olga was born is when he finally listened and got rid of them along with the fishes. 
He hasn't had any pets since he's been raising Olga. 
There's occasions of him secretly sponsoring rider gonoids used for racing. This sponsorship has mostly has been focused onto horses just prior to his light extinguished. I believe that you might be interested in keeping up the sponsorship in his place if your inclined now excuse me we must be inside for your meal." 
Guardian didn't comment a response followed Harrington to the King's private dining room to find the Queen there eating while seated at the head at the table. Guardian noticed the familiar female maid busy feeding Nicky via straw from a see through bottle full of red liquid. The color made him think the liquid involved blood. 
He found a tray holding nourishment next to the Queen off her left which he went to. Guardian found himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink. He again got his senses blaring warning abruptly which he figured that the poison was in the drink as usual. 
He kept his mouth shut as Tut blared in his mind "Ooh someone from mind scans suspects that the Queen is some refugee from the war with the Tsar. It's from finding nothing to indicate her family in Republic state. 
The refugee status is from suspecting the Queen has basically been known to balk on grooming Olga to take her place as Queen from the moment the daughter was old enough to be influenced by her to believe her views. 
Besides I suspect that Nicky was created for the Queen to use as a puppet if her goals of achieving the Mahalia leadership position have been rejected repeatedly. Nicky will be a puppet in her getting her Queen title done. 
This would cause the Brittany nation to send a male family member to court her strongly enough to get them married. Then Mahalia nation underneath the Brittany nation's rule again with the Queen herself removed from position of power once this is achieved."
He frowned to hear nothing from Tut finished with his nourishment and eyed the Queen who appeared to be hungry judging by how fast she took in the nourishment before leaning back staring at him back. Guardian figured that he'll tell the Queen of Tut's theory related to the Brittany nation.
Guardian spoke "Just curious on how you're planning on keeping the Brittany nation's monarch ruler from sending a male royal to court you heavily enough to succeed in getting marriage happen. Then later having you removed from position of power and calling the Mahalia nation back underneath the rule of the Brittany nation."
He clamped his mouth shut as the Queen formed a glare on her face who got up in a fast move throwing her chair backwards with a bang sound. Guardian saw her got thrust Nicky who cooed loudly being held by her. He kept his eyes onto the Queen who shut her eyes and appeared to be willing herself to calm down from her angry mood hitting her. He saw the Queen opened her eyes. 
Guardian heard her speaking loudly over Nicky's cooing sounds "Alright I'll make an exception this time. I will order to the staff to find you a female with no ties to the Brittany nation's monarchy ruling family. She is declared worthy of being your wife enough to not to interfere with you ruling while holding the King title."
He gave a head bob in response to her words as she added "Excuse me. There's a regular staff meeting happening at eight o'clock every morning, It's as part of the King's duties to have in the Main office as it's called. 
The meeting there is for being updated on news related to the Mahalia nation and island nations underneath his rule including news on what the governors have done for their states. I'll introduce you to the staff so come along now." 
He obeyed following the Queen still holding Nicky with the familiar maid female following her, him taking the rear to the Main office. Guardian found the familiar four males in the room but appeared to be in the room's corners. The four males he saw were looking like they were trying to be discreet in hiding. He noticed that there were about six people gathered scattered around the room in front of the desk. 
Guardian wound up noticing one was wearing a fancy uniform that indicated the military to him. He felt himself confused to which military branch the uniform indicated and kept his mouth shut. 
He frowned as the staff members he assumed were they did double take looks seeing him in the room. Guardian saw one of the four bodyguards shut the doors to the office behind him after entering the room him noticing. 
Guardian eyed the Queen who went to a bassinet and put Nicky inside. 
She stood speaking loudly while gesturing a hand towards him "This is Victor the son my husband fathered with a female other than me. He is here to takeover the King title due to the plane crash disaster of what happened to my husband that reportedly extinguished his light and his people's lights aboard extinguished as well."
Guardian kept his mouth shut as he paid attention to the Queen who introduced the staff members to him. Him finding out that the military uniformed male was the Mahalia nation's military leader holding the rank of Brigadier General. The Queen gave up a name of Herod and didn't include a last name. 
He frowned as Herod he assumed he'll call him raised up a hand and spoke "Greetings Victor." 
Guardian heard a Victoria State 's accent from Herod as reached out his hand and gripped Herod's hand. He wound up to find the General pulling a trick of trying to get his arm behind his back. He easily resisting and using karate defense moves to get his hand out of Herod's hand hold. 
Guardian frowned as once freed from Herod's hand trap to find Herod speaking "Spill it Victor on what training involved karate and self defense you have. It's by you easily getting out of my hand trap. This hand trap was to prove that you have some training in that area to get yourself freed."
He sighed softly and eyed the Queen in response who spoke looking at him with eyes narrowed "Herod pulled this hand trick onto Nick and myself at first meetings. He was trying to determine if either one of us had training in karate along with self defense. Neither one of us had that training from not able to get out his hand trap he played on the both of us so talk now." 
He shifted to look at Herod giving him a narrowed eyed glare with arms folded. 
Guardian spoke "I received training in karate at age eight from various karate schools all over Mahalia. The karate training stopped at the declared to me age of seventeen by my Mother raiser. 
The stoppage was due to my Mother raiser passing away in some car accident I unable to pay for furthering the lessons. 
I reached the belt rank of red in case you want to know. There's another colored belt to go before I can reach the highest belt rank of black. That belt rank involves registering into the state registry to teach karate. I was planning on doing that due to the teachers using me repeatedly to teach beginners karate. I found myself liking on doing the teaching. 
I do warn you that I have kept up the karate teachings quite religiously. Also doing this stretching exercise which involves keeping one self's limber."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut once done talking to eye Herod who kept his arms folded and a glare on his face. 
Herod spoke "Interesting." 
He didn't comment a response as the Queen he eyed went to sit at the desk's chair leaving him standing. 
He frowned as she spoke "Secretary you ready to take notes as usual?"
Guardian eyed the secretary a female seated in a chair in front of the desk having a familiar computer pad in her hand with another hand over it ready to do typing. The secretary he saw gave the Queen a head bob in response. 
He sighed and focused his attention towards the Queen as Herod was heard loudly "Excuse me, Your Majesty, but I want to know what schooling did Victor receive so talk on that now." 
He shifted to look at Herod and spoke "I was home schooled by various tutors hired by my Mother raiser till she passed away. 
I went to Finely town high school in Victoria state for furthering my education. The teachers there claimed that the tests they had me take involved students taking them to get into colleges and claimed in my face that my test scores weren't up to their standards. 
I heard some rumor going around the school by various students overheard talking that a home schooled student scored high on those tests enough to get into some private expensive major college. 
Then once it was obvious I reached the age of nineteen is when the school kicked me out using my age as an excuse and refused to give me a diploma of graduation."
He shifted to look at the Queen while adding still talking "I wound up living in West Allied state doing some factory processing products' job at the factory called Trick Party or TP in Merryville for four cycles. 
I was doing that job while taking fall semesters of a night class for three cycles. This was involving getting my diploma from Western Community College. I competed three of the five required classes for that. I was planning on taking the remaining two classes but the college abruptly stopped holding night classes. 
It was rumored some female student claimed to be forced into a mating ritual in her car and wound up pregnant as a result. I hear she's keeping the baby. The baby turned out to be a male. She reportedly had some passing down some family name tradition involving males. I think she kept the baby from pressure from her own family to do the keeping status."
He kept talking noticing the secretary was busy typing on her computer pad that she was taking notes of his talk. 
Guardian continued "I later wound up laid off from my job after some disaster of a spinner storm hit the building with me first in line of a warning system. I was outside smoking a cigarette just prior to seeing the spinner storm's arrival. I wound up getting into the building to warn the employees and staff of the spinner storm. Everyone reached the storm shelter except for the President of the company's son.
I saved the President of the company's son while contained in the bathroom for males. He was unable to reach the storm shelter on time. I wound up going to look for him while the storm was raging which I found him and saved his life in the process. 
The debris of the spinner storm caused terrible damage to my left arm hence I have a scar in the area. I was favoring my left hand when it comes to writing but from the damage I have to use my right hand. 
The doctors' managed during their rehab onto me got me to quit my smoking cigarette habit. I'm fine with people smoking in front of me enough to avoid being tempted in case you want to know. Besides it wasn't Warwick with his smoking habit that got me to smoke in the first place. It was peer pressure of being in high school trying to fit in hence I taking up the habit but I'm completely off it now.
I was at first given a monthly pension of five hundred and twenty seven pounds after I was laid off from Trick I call the factory. I'm told by a Warwick that the President of the factory gave me a lifetime pension. That wound up including free uses of any of his residences' buildings he owns all over Mahalia.
The money I earned from the pension wasn't enough for me to continue classes at the college. It took me practically half a cycle of saving my money till I had enough for getting into a class at the college and hiring a driver to drive me there. I don't have my driver's license or experience with driving a vehicle. My Mother raiser has repeatedly drilled into me to avoid driving period."
He resumed looking at the Queen who looked like she was interested in hearing his words. 
Guardian kept talking "Some cop whose identity is still unknown to this day after having their light extinguished ruined my plans by willing me some pet bat cat hybrid for me to take care of. I couldn't contest the will's legal order due to not willing to fight it in court or wound up in debt of legal fees. Most of the college money I saved wound up blown on this gonoid and his care for two months I had him in my possession. 
Some vampire spider infestation hit my home a four family house I was living in the attic with rent mostly paid by Trick. The house wound up destroyed including all of my things too.
The gonoid doctor titled vet on site informed me of a passed state law involving making it illegal for people to have wild hybrids as pets. The vet claimed to me that other states would follow suit with twin laws. This was usually done after West Allied state passes any laws with other states copying them doing it. I know from my research on this subject at Finely town high school for class assignments the vet wasn't kidding on this law copying. 
Oh I had to give up the pet from what the vet told me. I haven't been able to find out if there was such a law or if the vet was saying this talk to make me give up the pet on purpose.
I also wound up living in some female Samira's house. Mostly living in an apartment in the basement living rent free for awhile the female talking me out of trying to sign up at a local college for getting my diploma repeatedly. She has claimed to me of needing me at her house. 
Her claim as always was to help care for her Mother who was diagnosed with cancer that later got her light extinguished. This female in question wound up adopting a son from the hospital who claimed that her original baby was killed by some medical mistake. 
She kept on clinging to me to assist on caring for her son. 
There was a rumor of a male reportedly going around town courting her heavily with marriage on his mind which isn't me anyway but another male actually. 
The marriage of this female Samira to this male wound up happening as a result of the female's Mother insisting to the female to have that happen while lying sick in the hospital. 
The Mother's light extinguished soon after the marriage took place. 
Anyway a contact from my father contacted this female's husband to kick me out and have me sent to Victoria State. 
That was related to some Georgina city's capital of West Allied state tabloid blaring about some retired actress claiming to be my Mother. I wound up living in Victoria State for a short time then sent to Republic state assigned some job of being a doorman. 
Victoria State wound up having another tabloid blaring the same thing but this time a different actress was used. 
I didn't keep the doorman job long enough only got fired. It was from getting into a karate fist fight with a male ordered to stay out of the building by one of the natives living there. 
I wound up assigned to some female patrons' only bar's bouncer job. It was based on my body's looks and training in karate. I was given that job on recommendation by a female cop introducing me to the bar and its owner. 
I worked there for two weeks straight till a contact from the King arrived. The contact told me of the plane disaster involving my Father. I also was told the bar closed and its owner arrested by police for reportedly serving minors alcoholic drinks. 
That's about it for my life." 
Guardian clamped his mouth shut and eyed the Queen who gave him a narrowed eyed glare making him frown visibly. 
She he heard spoke "Talk on a contact claiming to me that a bar worker some female bartender said something about a patron reportedly recognizing you as her son. The patron asked the bartender as the female's job title to ask you some questions related to that subject. That was just to confirm this offspring Mother connection and then later tell her the results of the questioning at another meeting at the bar." 
He sighed and spoke "Just to clarify something. My contact while I was living in Victoria State showed me a West Allied state capital city of Georgina based tabloid having an article on an actress claiming to be my Mother. The contact said she was reportedly some deceased government official's family member. 
This is when the name of my Mother went by back then came out. I was told the name was Victoria Lynn. It was the twin name the bartender used when questioning me her questions on behalf of a female patron. 
My Mother appeared to be aware of the legal name I went by as Guard Beers. The Victoria Lynn name was used in her questioning after I balked talking about my parentage and admitted that name to her." 
Guardian clamped his mouth shut and eyed the Queen who formed a frown on her face before speaking "Talk on this bartender who asked you these questions such as her name and appearance looks. My contacts had no luck on contacting this bartender after you gave up her address. 
Her apartment had some male recently moved into her residence. The male admitted after heavy questioning that the previous tenant he not sure who had moved out abruptly without a last minute notice to the landlord. The landlord was some reported claimed to be an illegal drug lord by cops after a background check was done on the person. 
The bartender in question didn't leave a forwarding address to the landlord for where she went. She didn't bother to leave an address for the city's post office to mail her bills to after we checked them on that so talk on her." 
Guardian frowned hearing that spoke "She had the chest appearance of what the Mahalia movie producers were looking for in females to act in their movies. That is the look they still haven't changed despite reported retired female actresses admitting to having cosmetic surgery to make themselves look like that. 
She had all white spiky hair and brown eyes with an aged appearance of looking like a washed out actress. I assumed that status judging by her chest's size. 
Her chest's size was too large for a woman of her size from the looks of her." 
He clamped his mouth shut again and eyed the Queen who's eyes narrowed then she spoke "What name did this bartender use? I heard it involved something to do with electricity in some feminine term." 
Guardian frowned hearing the Queen's voice tone sounding of sneering to him.
He spoke "Sparkette was the name she used. She claimed that the movie producers dubbed her that whenever she tried out for their movies in auditions. That name must have stuck as her professional legal name from what I learned from her." 
Guardian again clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the Queen who kept her narrowed eyed look before she spoke "I suspect that the bartender herself is your Mother. That's due to her abruptly moving out soon after the news of my husband's plane accident was broadcast that the news said was what killed him." 
He stiffened from the Queen's words of shock running through him as she kept talking "The drug lord landlord on questioning admitted to having some set ridiculous high rent price to the apartment building. This Sparkette lived in that a bartending job she had wouldn't be able to pay for the rent entirely. It was suggested that someone else was assisting her on the payments. 
Also the landlord admitted on questioning that he had roped the apartment building's natives into doing some law breaking behavior in exchanged for a lower rent. Along with giving some females the charge of living rent free if they did mating behaviors towards him. 
This Sparkette in question paid the landlord the exact rent price each month for living there. She was found to never doing any law breaking behavior or anything mating towards him. 
The landlord didn't pressure her on that due to that the rent was paid period at a timely manner." 
He exhaled a breath and inhaled as the Queen paused to clear her throat. 
She continued talking "I suspect that my husband was contacted by your Mother secretly using a middle man. The contact was for helping her live in Mahalia soon after it became obvious that she was carrying you. 
I believe the midwife Verona was the go between for them contacting each other. People have admitted to me that Nick kept tabs on you soon after you were born. 
Your Father had someone contact you secretly once you were old enough to be contacted alone without your Mother raiser's presence."
He frowned forming it on his face to realize that the Queen wasn't lying on her words regarding his Father. 
Guardian recalled to himself "I wound up recalling seeing the first Warwick hanging around the cities and towns I was living in with my Mother raiser. She raising me all over Mahalia while doing the midwife job. 
The first Warwick didn't approach me till after my Mother raiser's death to inform me of my actual parentage. It was after word got out via press of me not being the midwife's actual son." 
He again kept his mouth shut as the Queen gave him a glare which he figured she wanted him to talk.
Guardian spoke "Alright I admit it. A contact from the King was seen hanging around whenever I lived in Mahalia with my Mother raiser doing the midwife job. 
The contact using the name of Warwick didn't talk to me till after my Mother raiser's death. He contacted me once word got out that I wasn't her actual son. 
Warwick approached me for talks. He did inform me of my parentage just prior to the press started blaring me as the King's son. 
The presses always balking on showing any pictures of what I looked like or saying the legal name I used to the public. The contact whenever he wanted meetings would leave a postcard of Elizabethan island nation. Either in my residence's mailbox or taped to my door of where I was living with a location on it and time frame of a meeting. 
Some of that meetings involved the wee hours of the nighttime due to trying to keep nosy people out from interfering. The contact claimed he was known in one state of Mahalia for growing up there where I was living for awhile before moving to another state." 
He again clamped his mouth shut and frowned staring at the Queen as he heard in response "Interesting. Seems like His Majesty himself made a deal with the press on this business with the son he fathered. By His Majesty saying that he'll admit to fathering him but they couldn't show what he looked like or say what legal name he used publicity." 
Guardian felt himself stiffening from Herod's words as he continued to eye the Queen who spoke "Hmph seems like my husband was desperate to keep his son from being influenced from the public on being King. That includes keeping out the influence of known government officials who made no secret of disliking him very strongly to the public. They would have influenced his son to believe in their views enough to do what they wanted once it was time for him to take the King's title and duties." 
He again kept his mouth shut as Herod was heard sounding off his left "I believe that a government official must have bribed people to cause that plane disaster killing your husband just to remove him from his King position on a permanent basis. 
It's from some strong dislike towards him. I'm unsure of what they plan on doing towards his son Victor himself once he was publicity shown and declared King in his father's place." 
He felt himself stiffening from Herod's words as he continued to eye the Queen who rubbed a hand on her forehead looking like she was weary to him before removing her hand. 
She heard speaking "The public has made it clear strongly via polls that they don't want to be underneath Brittany's monarchy rule again. They kept bringing up how terrible the Brittany nation's ruler and Brittany natives were towards people living in Mahalia. 
This mistreatment was including mistreating their own people who were living here after coming from Brittany nation to settle here for a new life. The people have made it clear that Mahalia was to be ruled by their own ruler a male in the King titled position period. 
They refused to accept a female ruler ruling in the Queen position due to Brittany nation accepting females to rule their nation. It doesn't matter if the ruler is a male or a female as long as they have a monarch ruler period. 
Mahalia's natives made it clear that only a male can rule them in the leadership position. The restless natives made it clear that the Visser family and male descendants were to rule the nation period. They refused to accept any other family having a male to rule them in the King titled position. 
The people reportedly have been overheard over the cycles commenting on this subject all over the place including in my presence. They were heard commenting while I was growing up in Republic state and just prior to my Father announced me available for males to pursue." 
Guardian frowned hearing that eyed the Queen while keeping his mouth shut as Herod was heard "Victor publicity shown and coronation of being crowned King will happen as soon as that can be arranged at once. The public will panic of a takeover from the Brittany nation's ruler. 
Brittany nation in case you're wondering, Victor has for cycles made no secret of wanting to retake Mahalia nation underneath their rule. They have proven to be responsible for causing several medical incidents towards the Kings holding the title over the cycles. 
They have tried numerous failed attempts to influence his own male heir offspring to give Mahalia nation towards their national ruler once it was time for them to hold the King position."
He shifted to look at Herod who was appearing to be looking at the Queen who continued talking "I do warn you that Brittany nation will send a female with their ruler's influence to pursue Victor with marriage quite heavily enough to get him as her husband. They will have her use whatever influential ways on getting him to get Mahalia underneath Brittany's monarchy rule. 
This stunt was reportedly already tried on His Majesty's predecessor King Owen himself repeatedly. Some reported unknown named deity managed to prevent such a marriage from happening. 
This deity in question was said to mysteriously hitting those females with bad luck of medical ailments. The medical ailments in question took those females out of doing the targeting. 
The public was strongly disapproving on them being Queen with their medical ailment they were currently suffering."
Guardian kept his eyes onto Herod who cleared his throat and looked at him as if noticing him staring.
Herod spoke "King Owen's Queen was reportedly a female from Columbia who liked him personality wise. It was without realizing that he was the heir to the Mahalia throne. 
He attended some school in Columbia nation anonymously is where he met this female who was found by this deity in question. She was brought to Mahalia which she became his wife and his Queen."
He frowned to give Herod a head bob who added "Besides Victor something you should know is that your Father isn't King Owen's own offspring but someone else's son. 
Your Father was influenced by Owen himself to take over the King's titled duties after it became clear that he didn't have any offsprings to pass down the title."
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Herod added talking "Soon after Owen's wife was introduced to the public as his Queen is when someone from Brittany nation bribed a doctor to misdiagnose her sick. She was actually poisoned by this doctor in question who used the excuse of some cancer hitting her baby carrier. 
He claimed the cancer was terminal enough to have the baby carrier removed preventing any offspring carrying status. This doctor wound up caught in this bribery scheme when he tried to misdiagnose Owen himself's sickness as some cancer hitting his sensitive part. 
This doctor claimed the cancer was hitting the area that produces the seed for offspring to form in females through mating. 
The stunt of poisoning Owen came out in response. The poisoning in question was done by this doctor. He wound up later was under interrogation admitted the scheme of Brittany nation's ruler at the time having Owen and wife kept childless. Then later having Owen and his wife taken out via some assassination method for their ruler to take over the Mahalia nation."
He frowned forming it on his lips as Herod paused to clear his throat then continued talking "The heavy poisoning and antidote by the doctor left Owen's body too damaged for him to father offsprings through females. 
Your Father was found after a heavy search on who could take the King position title. Owen and his wife were not indicating on having offsprings publicity as expected. The excuse of a surrogate carrying Owen's son and raising him secretly was used to explain your Father publicity taking the King title and duties. 
This happened soon after Owen was presumed dead in some boating accident of sailing a boat. He was sailing with a crew that reportedly ran into a powerful spinner like storm. He and the boat and crew went missing on the way to Atalanta Ocean to compete in the Egyptian World Games. The boat in question hasn't been found along with the crew despite there a heavy search in the Atalanta Ocean's bottom depths. This was to figure out if the boat sank in the area where its distress signal was last heard. 
That's the official story related to Owen's disappearance actually. Your Majesty you want me to tell him the unofficial story?"
He eyed the Queen who gave a head bob in response. 
Guardian eyed Herod who resumed looking at him and spoke "Some vampire deity answering to the name of Hades wanted to live a life as an Egyptian in a ruler position. Hades got a hold of Owen through some deal arrangement switched places with him. 
Owen wound up becoming Hades himself and this deity becoming an Egyptian named Nikolas who took the Mahalia King position and ruled in Owen's stead along with inventing the saying 'Bloody Hades'. 
This fact became knowledge soon after it became obvious that Nikolas your Father was different from normal Egyptian standards when it comes to processing nourishment through his body. Nikolas was only living on a liquid diet including drinking blood. He admitted this deal to his staff members at the time. He ordered the staff positions be passed down via offspring to keep this secret deal fact out of public knowledge. The staff obeyed to doing that passing down. 
My current position of General wasn't passed down via offspring instead via promotions of people the General back then figured wouldn't talk on this deal. Hence I having the position at the moment due to that my promotion was recommended by a family member of that General. 
It was from I displaying a very strong loyalty attitude towards your Father himself. My loyalty attitude involved defending him from people insulting his appearance among the military members' groups. The reason for the insults related to your Father's appearance was that they thought he wasn't born of Mahalia. 
People in Mahalia hardly having a twin appearance as his and assumed that he was Columbian born. Columbians have twin appearance looks hence the insults spoken about him." 
Guardian frowned but gave Herod a head bob as the General paused from talking to clear his throat then continued speaking "I warn you that my promotion to this General position was recent. It was at the beginning of this cycle is when I was given this position. 
That was due to a recommendation from a family descendant of a former General who was aware of this deity deal. The family member figured I would be ideal candidate to take this position. 
I wound up with this position despite heavy campaigning by military members towards your Father on picking a candidate who they approved to take this position. The approved candidate was passed over by him and I picked in response. 
Several of the military's members in leadership positions have made no secret of disapproving of having me picked for this General position. They have hit your Father with verbal threats of assassinating him if he didn't remove me and put their approved candidate in my stead."
Guardian didn't comment a response as Herod looked at the Queen he still looking at the General "I suspect that the military members succeeded in assassinating His Majesty via bribing the pilot to crash the plane in a location. They could take him out but unfortunately this bribery deal backfired when it became obvious that the plane was destroyed in some fiery crash explosion. Its explosion taking out all aboard into some light extinguished status. That's my theory of why His Majesty was killed." 
He shifted to eye the Queen who frowned before speaking "Alright Herod, leave the theories of my husband's light extinguished in the room to yourself. 
Actually my husband was suffering some medical condition that was causing him very terrible pains. It turned out that he was mysteriously poisoned with nothing to indicate of curing him of that medical ailment. 
There were various antidotes used to prolong his life. I haven't figured out who poisoned him successfully enough for him to bow to people's demands. 
Its how he allowed people who trashed him to get away with the insults and demands for him to do various things. Such as allowing the states to run some lottery on who'll host him for the King's Day holiday. He has told me he didn't like doing that in my presence repeatedly over and over. 
I have told him repeatedly to use his King title influence to stop that lottery from happening. He has balked on doing that ordering for cycles. 
Nick and I got into a terrible argument about the subject is when he accidentally slipped out the poisoned status to me. I figured out that he was bowing to people's demands on getting things done due to his medical ailment." 
Guardian continued to eye the Queen who paused to appear to gulp before adding "My husband coming out with Nicky was an excuse to flaunt to the public that he could easily replace his male heir Victor with another. That's it if anything bad happened to Victor himself hence Nicky flaunted as the heir. It was just to take attention off Victor who's the actual declared heir according to Nick himself to me privately. 
The story of me being jealous of the female who bore Victor was an excuse. It was to take attention off Victor himself to have attention focus onto Nicky. 
My husband feared that Victor would be easily influenced to do something inappropriate with the King titled duties. 
One example is the Brittany natives getting a hold of Victor and convincing him to give Mahalia nation underneath their rule. He was reportedly was raised without his Father's influence in his life. Nick confessed to me that he kept tabs on Victor soon after a midwife contacted him on wanting to adopt his son. 
That's due to his Mother an actress reportedly fingered him as the Father of her baby. She apparently didn't want to raise him to be influenced in some bad way due to her profession as an actress. Offsprings of famous actresses have turned out to be heavily influenced by the public in a bad way whenever raised by people in the acting world."
He eyed the Queen who shifted to look at him while speaking "Those offsprings in case you don't know, Victor, have turned out to be heavily influenced by too many press people putting pressure on them publicity to follow their parents into the acting industry. This has happened repeatedly over and over towards offsprings of famous actors and actresses living in Mahalia at the time. 
Your Mother must have feared that this would happen to you. She gave you up just to prevent pressure put on you publicity by the Mahalia native people and press to follow her into the acting industry. She wanted you to avoid being raised in the public eye. 
Your Mother from what I figured must have realized that having you in the public eye as flaunted as her son and son of the King would cause you to be pressured heavily from the natives of Mahalia. Mostly with terrible influences from the public and press people on how to live your life just prior to taking the King's throne title. 
Hence she giving you up and hiding herself as your Mother from the public and from yourself as well." 
He frowned forming it on his lips as the Queen paused to clear her throat then continued talking "The midwife who raised you was probably ordered by my husband not to flaunt you as his son but her own offspring instead. Someone in his circle was ordered to keep an eye onto you ready to give advice with your Father's influence once it was obvious that your Mother raiser couldn't raise you anymore. It explains why you had someone spying onto you all your life including secret meetings with this Warwick as he's called. 
Mostly to give you advice said from your Father to you on living your life hidden from the public. That was until your Father was unable to keep the King's throne title and duties is when you would take his place once it was obvious you could do that." 
He heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly in the room he figured came from Herod as the Queen paused from talking. She he saw was appearing to look elsewhere. He figured was appearing to be at the General by her head position. 
He saw her resumed looking at him and speaking "Your coronation of being crowned King will happen before this day is over. It'll happen once security can assure of your safety to Crystal Cathedral a Patrician Church of Patricia's religious order. 
The crowning ceremony is always happening at the Patrician Church as traditionally done for males taking the King position. The ceremony will be publicity broadcasted live via King's personal press people assigned to cover the crowning each time it happens. 
This along with publicity introducing offspring declared the heir to the throne once their old enough to withstand the pressures of the press and public. This always happens once the heir is at the declared age of sixteen as traditionally done. 
My husband broke that tradition by introducing Nicky to the public. The introduction was as an excuse to put people off from assuming that you as his first born son would be declared the heir. That was to avoid the press from pressuring him to publicity introduce you. 
He was having some secret poisoned status hitting him quite lengthy. The poisoned status caused him havoc with him running things as King. Hence he doing what he could to outwit the people poisoning him. It was suspected that the Brittany nation's ruler had people responsible for the poisoned status. That's from demands aimed at him by the people who poisoned him via middle man communications. They were indicating on supporting Brittany nation's takeover attempts. 
Hence he doing what he could to outwit them and keep you safe enough to take his place. Once he was sure he could give up the King title medically and you avoided being a victim of a poisoning." 
He again heard Herod give off a loud throat clearing noise sighed softly as the Queen added "Victor, please go wait in your assigned bedroom till everything has been arranged for your coronation. It's going to take forever for that to happen. 
Security is very paranoid on Brittany nation having assassins put in place to take your light extinguished, after word got out that my husband's light was extinguished. 
I warn you that Mahalia's spies in Brittany nation have sent communications to here repeatedly. They have indicated that Brittany's current ruler a male holding the King position has displayed some do anything attitude to do what it takes to get Mahalia nation underneath the Brittany nation's rule. 
I'm pretty sure that Brittany's ruler like his predecessors has already have spies in Mahalia to report on what's going on. The news of my husband's light extinguished would be broadcasted to Brittany via spies doing it. They will be broadcasting propaganda aimed at Mahalia to indicate that they have taken over. They have repeatedly been doing each time a King has been declared light extinguished. 
That propaganda hitting I warn you will backfire. The public questioned very strongly via anonymous sources have indicated that they don't want to be underneath Brittany nation's rule. They prefer to be ruling independently with their own ruler period. 
The answers to questions have indicated that their undecided on who should take the throne Nicky or you. This happened while your Father's light was active. 
I suspect that the debate will be settled by them choosing you to take the throne. 
I have to make arrangements of getting clearance from security of having someone assigned to travel with you. Your going to your coronation even if it's me or Olga escorting you whoever security feels would be a safety issue. 
Excuse me so leave now Victor to your room." 
Guardian didn't say a word left the room hearing Herod speaking from behind "Excuse me Your Majesty while I see Victor to his room. That includes instructing him on safety protocols while out traveling to the coronation."
Guardian sensed Herod following him out as he walked to his assigned room. He went inside still followed by the General who shut the door. Herod walked up to him he feeling himself compelled to remain still. Herod held up a syringe needle he saw and injected it into his neck and pumped the contents into it making him dizzy. He felt a feeling like wanting to throw up hit. 
Once Herod removed the needle he darted into the bathroom and was lengthy with the expelling. He felt the expelling ended walked out to find his familiar butler there with a cart. 
Herod he saw was still there speaking "It takes two opponents to play a game my Queen." 
He stiffened from Herod's words as Herod gestured towards the butler "Give him some nourishment now. He needs it." 
Guardian didn't comment a response went to sit at the table's chair He got a tray smelling of nourishment holding various foods in dishware and drinks on it making his stomach rumble. He found the butler forcing him to take his time eating and drinking the food. By the butler's hands' manipulating his hands holding the silverware and cups repeatedly till everything was consumed. 
Guardian spoke once the butler removed the tray "What's going on with your wording Herod?"
He frowned eyeing Herod who cleared his throat as the butler he noticed took the tray and cart out of the room in a fast move while shutting the door. He heard the door's lock click in place. 
Guardian continued to frown as Herod spoke "I was specifically put in this General position to assure of your safety. Mostly from the Queen and her machinations of wanting you to rule things her way like she pulled onto your Father having him poisoned. 
Mostly poisoned enough to be her puppet doing things what she wanted. This poisoned status she pulled onto your Father making it appear that Brittany nation natives were behind it. This didn't fool the King not one bit who easily figured out that she was responsible for the poisoning. 
Your Father wasn't fooled due to middle man communications with the ones who claimed to poisoned him were echoing the Queen's demanding words word to word. He recalled have private arguments with her demanding him to do things he balked on doing.
Your Father wound up forced to do them after it became obvious that she got him into some poisoned status. The poisoned status happened a cycle after word came out that he fathered you." 
Guardian frowned eyeing Herod who added "It was the Queen who insisted to him balking on declaring you his heir. She was very strongly refusing to let him publicity show you. That was due to strong jealousy aimed at the female who bore you. 
The Queen has put out an assassination order I managed to cancel without her knowing of it, towards the female who bore you. 
Besides I warn you that spies of Brittany's ruler is aware of the Queen pulling things around here including controlling your Father. The ruler has managed to thwart her attempts to get Mahalia underneath her control due to how power mad she is. 
Brittany's ruler's spies have managed to communicate of them stopping her attempts to get things done her way. This includes via controlling your Father to do those things. 
Some of those things involves giving her Queen's position more power to control Mahalia while lessoning the ruler ship of the King's titled position. The spies tell me they have managed to put a stop to it." 
Guardian didn't comment a response as Herod cleared his throat then continued speaking "I warn you that Brittany's ruler has through a contact delivering the message to me privately that there's spies working in the King's circle including among the staff members working here to report on what's going on. 
Brittany's ruler at the moment has seemed undecided on whether to pursue which action to do. It involves taking over Mahalia nation underneath his rule or doing something about the machinations of the Queen being power mad. 
His contact did warn me that he has people currently hidden checking out the Queen's background. The spies at the moment are checking out her story of being from Republic state due to her sounding of being from there. 
Republic state is a popular refuge for natives living in the Republics of the Tsar to live. Out of safety of being persecuted of crimes the Tsar and government officials have brought up against them. This including living out of safety of others in that nation targeting them for assassinations."
He sighed softly as Herod paused hearing a familiar knocking on the door sound. He eyed the General who went to the door yanking it open to show a male wearing an army combat uniform. The male came walking into the room carrying a silver suitcase. Guardian frowned eyeing the male who spoke "I have the proper gear for Victor to wear for safety issues while out among the public." 
Guardian stood up and eyed the male who put the suitcase onto the bed. He watched as the male yanked open the suitcase. He saw a vest looking like it was armored inside the suitcase from its black color. 
He heard from Herod "It's an armored protection vest to be worn underneath your upper body's clothes whenever out traveling among the public period."
Guardian sighed and went to the bed yanking off his jacket putting it on the bed. Guardian took off his buttoned top of another color revealing his muscular chest and muscular arms. His arms wound up bare with the scar on his left arm to be seen. 
Guardian saw Herod and the suitcase holding male's eyes both widen seeing his form along with focused onto his scarred left arm. He gave them both a glare and cleared his throat loudly. 
The suitcase holder's male servant he saw shook his head of staring before going to the vest. He was handed the vest finding the male assisting on how to put it on properly. Guardian found the armored vest covered his upper body from his shoulders to his waist leaving his arms bare. The vest felt stiffly hard on his form as he went to his long sleeve shirt and put it on. 
Guardian wound up getting Herod assisting on making the shirt look neat on his form along with doing the straightening with his jacket. Guardian kept his mouth shut as the suitcase holding male left the room. 
He eyed Herod who spoke "Just get some sleep while you're at it. You don't know when security will clear you to travel for the coronation. This can happen at early hours of the morning while its still nightfall. 
This was just to avoid fighting with traffic on the way and assassination attempts. Security pulled this stunt I heard onto Owen soon after he arrived to Mahalia. 
The coronation happened after news of his Father passing away reached him in Columbia. He was crowned in an early hour of the morning after he arrived to Mahalia via plane. 
Security wound up suspecting that his Father was poisoned to death by spies of the Brittany nation's ruler back then. They broadcasted some propaganda message throughout Mahalia about them fully taking over the nation. The broadcast happened an hour after Owen's Father was found with light extinguished from his poisoned status proving them responsible for this stunt."
He didn't comment a response went to the bed and leaned his form against the headboard shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Guardian came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder he forcing open his eyes. Guardian frowned finding Olga in the room with him as the hand's owner. He saw the lamp was on from sitting on the dresser on along with noticing Herod in vicinity. He spotted four armed in armor like clothes he assumed were part of the army. 
The males he saw having various knife like weapons attached to their armor on their forms. He sighed and didn't comment a response got up and wordlessly followed Herod taking the lead with Olga next to him. 
The armored males spotted by him looking taking the rear out of the house to a van with black tinted windows. He noticed other too many to count in the driveway multiple twin vans in vicinity. 
He got inside a van with Herod and Olga escorting him. Guardian buckled up his seatbelt and eyed the window showing the house as the lights surrounding the area went out plunging darkness. He sighed and looked down at his hands blindly sitting on his lap. 
The van was felt moving which Guardian looked up blindly to peer at what he assumed was the driver's side finding that the blackness remained. He figured that the driver was using some seeing in the night vision ability to drive the vehicle through the blackness. \
Guardian continued to see the blackness remained intact instead of showing Capital city lighted up. 
He figured "The city's electrical grid was shut off just to prevent people from interfering with the motorcade transporting me to the cathedral for the crowning ceremony." 
Guardian resumed staring at his hands blindly again. He kept his head down listening to the noises around him consisted of multiple people breathing. Some seemingly nervous to him by the rapid fired breathing noises. 
Guardian heard various breathing patterns till the vehicle stopped abruptly followed by doors to the van yanked open by the noises. He found Olga taking his arm as he took off his seat belt blindly. He discovered her expertly guiding him out of the van like she had night vision. Along with up several sets of stairs into the cathedral he assumed was where he was going is when there was door slamming shut heard that echoed loudly. 
This was followed a voice heard blaring "Turn on the lights now." 
Guardian blinked his eyes from the lights' glare to find himself in a church from the looks of it. He glimpsed after a quick look of looking quite grand from its tall towering height above. 
Guardian spotted the church having multiple pews in front of him. He noticed various press people having cameras aimed at him. Guardian noticed a uniformed male wearing a brown robe with a golden rope belt on his waist standing in the middle of the pews' section in an aisle with a crown seated on a stand next to him. Guardian spotted a footstool he assumed was for kneeling in front of the male. 
Guardian didn't comment a response as Olga let go of his arm and gently pushed him forwards. He walked towards the Man of Cloth he assumed was the robed male as the press people kept their camera devices aimed at him while one was flashing lights from one of their cameras. He ignored the lights' show to reach the Man of Cloth and felt compelled to kneel on the footstool. He obeyed to the compulsion. 
Guardian got the Man of Cloth speaking while picking up the crown from the stand and going to stand in front of him "I now crown you King of Mahalia. Your name shall be Yevgeny Alexander Visser. Rule us well." 
He felt the crown onto his head settle on it like it easily fit. 
This was followed by the Man of Cloth backing up two steps and stopping to bow towards him. He felt the crown still sticking to his head by something in it clinging to his hair. 
Guardian turned around standing up with back to the Man of Cloth as if compelled.
He figured "Bloody Hades, Meritanians you have to manipulate me?"
He wound up cutting his thought to find the press's cameras were gathered in a semicircle facing in a direction towards him. 
Guardian thought as a memory flashed into his mind "My Mother raiser told me of my Father's coronation. She told me of what Mahalia's Kings were traditionally required to do once crowned king while facing the press's cameras." 
He cut his thought to focus onto a camera while raising a hand fisting it up his eye level and then brought the fist to over the left side on his chest. 
"It was as traditionally done to symbolize the King's oath towards Mahalia natives" He thought. 
Guardian spoke firmly while eyeing one of the cameras "I am King Yevgeny Alexander Visser ruler of all of Mahalia and her island territories underneath my control as long as live as her ruler. May I rule you well." 
He removed his hand fisted to wave it in front of him fist eye level with his eyes. Guardian lowered his arm uncurling the fist seeing the press's people stop their recording. The presses seen appearing to stop their attention aimed at him by fiddling with the buttons on their devices. 
He went to the Man of Cloth who spoke "The crown stays in the cathedral in a safe spot hidden from you. Its location is only known to the Patrician order is when it'll come out for the crowning of your successor. 
That crown is the crown used to crown Mahalia's first King. 
His actual name wasn't Yevgeny Alexander Visser but that name wound up adopted at his crowning by a Patrician member giving him that name he accepted. It was just to hide his family's origins due to leading the rebellion that threw out the Brittany natives' and their monarchy ruler. 
All I can say regarding Yevgeny the first is that he was a Brittany native who arrived to Mahalia just to better his life for his wife and twin off springs. Mahalia his Queen as the nation is named bore him twins, a male dubbed Ivan and a female dubbed Georgina. 
Ivan wound up taking the crown and the name of Alexander instead of his actual name. Hence I give you the second name of Alexander to make you unique from Yevgeny the first. 
The Republics' of the Tsar was having a fighting revolution at the time. His actual name of Ivan was a Republic name so hand me that crown now." 
Guardian obeyed feeling his hair being pulled partially from the crown as he yanked it off his head. He wound up seeing the Man of Cloth snatched the crown from him despite part of his hair attached that got pulled out. Guardian saw the Man of Cloth walk off out of sight through a doorway. He turned to face the press finding Olga in sight nearby that gave him a smirk.
She he stared at spoke "Come on let's get back to the residence and see about getting some sleep now. It's going to take forever before the local news's broadcasts to regularly come on TV. They'll be broadcasting their news. 
There'll be a rebroadcast of your crowning once the local news start airing. I hear the airing time for local news is at the time of six o'clock in the morning and not earlier." 
He didn't comment a response followed Olga to the vehicle finding the lights again turned off. Guardian again found Olga guiding him expertly into the van and buckling up his seatbelt for him. 
He eyed his hands blindly as the van was felt starting up and driving through the darkness seemingly not lengthy till it stopped. He was ordered out by Herod which he obeyed finding Olga guiding him out and into the house residence. He wound up finding the hallway lights blaring as usual. 
Guardian eyed his sister who spoke "Yevgeny, just go to your room and get some sleep now. Its going to be awhile before you'll have a good night's sleep. 
You're crowning as king requires you to travel around Mahalia and allied island nations while avoiding the plane transportation method. That's what got my Father's light extinguished via a plane crash. 
It's just to show support to people hurt by that disaster in their grief of losing him. So hit your bedroom now."
He obeyed finding the bedroom with no difficulty and stripped himself of his armored vest, clothes and shoes putting them in the closet. He then went into the bathroom to remove his hair band finding the hairbrush on the sink counter. Guardian once done brushing his hair went out to the bed clad in nothing. 
He went to yank back the blankets and got on the bed putting the blankets up to his chest. 
Guardian thought to himself as he felt his mind scanned by the Meritanians "Is this my life's purpose going to be? I as a puppet King underneath my Father's wife the Queen herself? What about acquiring a female for me to do my Guardian of Life and Death duties including my King titled duty?"
He frowned as he heard nothing in answer to his questions felt sleepiness in response sighed and shut his eyes to pass out unconscious. 

Guardian came to hearing the alarm clock blaring its ringing noise. He woke up with a start to find the lamp on and the butler in his bedroom.
The butler spoke while giving him a glare "Its morning its time for you to get up. With due respects go take a shower now."
Guardian obeyed to hear Tsk noise from the butler as he reached the bathroom door.
He looked at the butler who added "Clothes are a necessity when sleeping in bed sir."
He looked down at himself and found himself bare of clothes. Guardian with a soft groan went into the bathroom to shower. 
He mentally yelled "Yerra!'
He heard from Yerra "I managed to scan the Queen's mind. She appeared to detected the mind scanning via acting like she got head pain from it. 
Anyway from mind scans of her, her name is Svetlana no joke. She wasn't joking on being raised in Republic state. She was raised by a single parent a male. 
Her parent sort of spoiled her too much that she's managed to control her Father. She's managed to control him to the point of having her said to be a relative of the current Tsar. 
It's just to gain the hand of your Father in marriage. Your Father only pursued her via her reputation of being a relative of the current Tsar as rumored."
He took the shower washing himself thoroughly as Yerra added "The Queen hasn't learned that being a spoiled brat isn't going to get her anything. She was detected thinking that view of her getting whatever she wants and doing what it takes to get things her way period. Also she didn't like being an object for your Father to display to the public. 
He went around running the nation as its leader and flaunted her as a trophy wife. Hence she coming up with the thinking that she should have say on running Mahalia. I can't say if she'll lose that thinking or not. 
Whenever she holds Nicky as she calls him she thinks of doing whatever the offspring demands. She has habitually obeyed to Nicky's demands over doing anything else."
Guardian heard nothing else from Yerra to quit his showering. Guardian went to dry his hair fully by the hair dryer including dried himself by towel. He wrapped a towel around his waist covering his sensitive parts like a skirt. He left the bathroom to find food on a tray in dishware on a table making him wary of taking it in. He sat and took his time eating and drinking the nourishment. 
He found his senses didn't blare this time when he drank the orange juice making him confused to that. 
Guardian found the butler had laid clothes and armored vest onto the bed. He found the bed already put in order despite clothes lying on it. He got himself dressed into the armored vest and clothes. Guardian frowned finding the butler watching him with narrowed eyes. The butler he saw was indicating by the eyes narrowed that he should figure out how to put the clothes and items on by himself. Guardian proceeded to do then went into the bathroom. 
Guardian recalled the butler's teaching on his hair brushed it and put it back in the acceptable tail style held by a hair band. He eyed the butler who looked him up and down before giving off a sign of approval by hand gesture.
The butler spoke "Show me the way to the Main office now. I need to know if you remember where it is."
He sighed and without a comment left the bathroom and the bedroom followed by the butler. He found the route to the Main office easily. Guardian took the route to find the butler once at arrival to the office's door knocked on it while he stood waiting. 
He found one of the Queen's guards opening the door who let him inside. He walked in to find the Queen seated at the desk's chair with a sneer on her face making him feel annoyed. He walked up to the desk and stood eyeing her warily. 
He heard gibberish spoken in a compelling voice tone behind him along with getting a headache hitting him. Guardian wound up finding himself remaining silent and refusing to talk as the head pain persisted. He recognized the head pain was his mind's way of balking Compeller's talk aimed at him to do anything which didn't matter if it involved talk. 
Guardian eyed the Queen who formed a glare in response to the gibberish spoken. 
He heard from the Queen who spoke interrupting the Compeller's speaking gibberish "Enough of that now. It's not working onto him anyway."
He kept his mouth shut as the Compeller's voice behind him quit the gibberish in a compelling voice tone. He felt the headache stopping as he heard door knocking sounds.
He frowned as he heard the Queen snarling "Answer the door now."
Guardian turned sideways to eye the door to find Herod coming into the room who went to his familiar spot next to the desk.
Herod he eyed spoke "Something I can do for you Your Majesty?"
Guardian shifted to look at the Queen who jabbed a finger aimed at Herod. He stiffened hearing the familiar voice speaking gibberish in a compelling voice tone. He saw the voice's speaker was one of the short blonde haired guards behind Herod. 
Guardian stiffened further to see Herod flare golden eyes. He heard Herod spoke in familiar gibberish in a compelling voice tone. He eyed the bodyguard walking away as Herod cut his talking to glare appearing to be at the Queen with accusation in his eyes. 
Guardian looked at the Queen in response who spoke "Interesting that files on you don't say what you are Herod, a Compeller. It explains how you got this position despite heavy resistance done to your promotion. 
You compelled people to give you the General title didn't you hmm?'
Guardian kept his eyes onto the Queen finding her voice tone was in a sneer while seeing it on her face. 
He heard in response "With due respects my Queen does it matter on how I got the General position? That despite I what you accuse me of being a Compeller?"
He frowned inwardly as the Queen spoke "You being a Compeller does matter to me. I won't have people sabotaging my plans for Mahalia to lead as her ruler period. I insist on having that goal happen period. I won't tolerate anyone sabotaging me and my efforts."
Guardian exhaled a breath hearing that from the Queen. 
He heard from Herod abruptly "Who wants to live forever anyway?"
He heard the edge in Herod's voice tone. 
The Queen he kept his attention on spoke sneer gone from her face with anger in its place "I've lived too long not to have my plans thwarted by some Compeller. You sabotage me Herod. I will see you permanently deposed on a permanent basis. I'm not joking on my threat Herod. I have people willingly serving me who'll do what I say period."
Guardian eyed the Queen warily who shifted to look at him. 
He saw the angry look on her face change back to its sneer as she spoke "I have plans for you, Victor. I expect you to obey my plans period. You'll find yourself alone within your rebellion if you try to rebel against me and my plans towards you."
Guardian kept his mouth shut in response to give a head bob as the Queen added "Has the public received the broadcast of Victor's crowning?"
He frowned still hearing the sneering voice tone to hear from Herod "They have received the broadcast quite recently. The public is overheard currently spreading the word of Victor as you call him's crowning as King at the moment. I'm still awaiting word of what the public's reaction towards Victor being their King."
Guardian kept his eyes onto the Queen who still sneered "Interesting. Anyway the Egyptian World Games of Egyptia is coming up. I already entered Victor into the sailing team. He should go meet the team as soon as possible for training including sailing to where the games are being hosted in Columbia."
He stiffened from the Queen's voice having an edge in her voice tone. 
Herod was heard "You sure this is necessary for Victor to do instead of being flaunted as King? Mostly around Mahalia helping the public with their grief on losing his predecessor?"
He saw the Queen form a glare and spoke "What I say as I order is my word of law period. I insists on this to happen immediately starting today. So see about getting Victor to the docks now."
He again heard the edge in the Queen's voice tone. 
Guardian frowned inwardly making him think "She's up to something nasty." 
He heard an ahem noise to find the butler in the room that spoke "Come with me now sir."
Guardian obeyed to follow the butler out of the room. He found the butler leading him out of the house. He frowned as the butler led him to a landing pad in the yard holding a helicopter that didn't sound right to him. He wound up noticing that there was only the pilot aboard who didn't look happy to him. 
Guardian stiffened as he heard "I insists that you get aboard." 
He obeyed hearing the butler's wording had an edge in his voice, he finding none of the bodyguards joining him inside. He stiffened to find the pilot piloting the helicopter above into the air. He finding the windows blacked out with some kind of paint despite attempts to scrub it. Guardian found the seatbelt locked around him as he tried to free himself. He found the helicopter came to a hover position after a lengthy time period of flying it.
Guardian peered out the pilot's window to spot a deserted street as his senses blared warning unexpectedly. He saw the pilot slumping over as if dead. 
He found the helicopter exploding in fire all around him. 

End Book One
