Guardian of Life and Death Book 2
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Part One: Recovery

Guardian felt himself unaffected by the fire as it burned off his clothes and made the armored vest too hot on his form along with burning off the seatbelt that was made out of cloth.
Guardian yanked off the armored vest from the heat. He found the helicopter felt hitting the ground and setting off another fireball giving off fire finding himself still not burning to death. He felt annoyance take hold walked out of the wreckage lying on the ground he saw was on a road. 
Guardian finding himself bare of clothes and shoes finding his hair was free of the hair band. The wind he felt was whipping his hair all over the place. He walked out of the fire's inferno towards a crowd gathered on the street that looked a various of emotions seeing him in view. 
Guardian once reaching the crowd formed a glare on his face spoke an ahem comment loudly. He found various males going up to him to give him some clothes for coverage. He finding that they were men's jackets. He didn't protest as the people wrapped his waist covering his sensitive parts. He kept the glare on his face as one of the males put a jacket on his form to wear. 
He got gestured by a male wearing an apron to come with him. He obeyed following to find the male leading him into a restaurant from the looks of it. He sat at a lonely table in the dining room cleared of patrons. 
Guardian got nourishment placed in front of him on the table. He ate the food and drank the drink while feeling his body and his skin didn't indicate of anything of being burned to him. Guardian ate the food and drank the nourishment taking his time still keeping the glare on his face. 
He saw Herod come into view doing a double take look seeing him once in the restaurant before going up to him and kneeling on one knee.
Herod, he heard speaking loudly "Your Majesty, my King, I await your commands."
He ignored Herod to continue eating and drinking as if compelled by the Meritanians he sensed were helping him heal, before finished with the nourishments.
Guardian got up to speak sounding firm "Take me where I can get properly attired now Herod."
Guardian kept the glare as Herod got up speaking "Follow me, Your Majesty." 
He obeyed finding the city's people getting out of the way while noticing them looking nervous. He followed Herod to a male's suit shop he saw had clothes in it. 
He saw one of the Queen's bodyguards there who spoke seeing him "Your Majesty the proper clothing is in the dressing room."
Guardian didn't say a word in response went into the dressing room's area to find the Queen there who had an angry look on her face. 
The Queen snarled he heard "Bloody Hades, who are you some deity? That helicopter explosion should have killed you like I ordered it to happen."
Guardian felt the Meritanians manipulating him to activate the guardian power activating within him abruptly he thought "Oh that's how it actives with the Meritanians manipulating me." 
He found himself cutting off his thought while speaking in his familiar creepy Daisuke's twin voice "I am the Guardian of life and death. You cannot extinguish my light for only Egyptia can do this. I live forever for as long as Egyptia has use for me."
Guardian glared at the Queen who took a step back forming a fear look on her face. 
He stiffened with a start as his guardian powers stopped being activated to think "She's one of the deathless humanoids living in Egyptia. I figured that she's deathless judging by reaction was twin to the reaction Daisuke displayed when I revealed my Guardian of Egyptia's identity." 
Guardian spoke firmly as the Queen appeared to be more nervous "Now about those clothes. I want to be properly attired. For what I'm wearing isn't proper at the moment. Why are you acting afraid of me anyway?"
He formed a confused look onto his face while eyeing the Queen. She, he saw appeared to compose herself before looking calm.
Guardian heard from her "You'll find the proper attire in this dressing room."
He saw her point a finger aimed at a dressing room's door obeyed. Guardian kept giving her a confused look while staring at the Queen with confusion as he went into the dressing room. He shut the door locked it and exhaled a breath to rub a hand on his forehead. 
Guardian took a look around and found his Victor identity clothes inside including the armored vest. He put on the clothes finding that they all felt more richly made than cheapo feeling. He frowned as he couldn't find a hair brush for his hair. 
Guardian checked himself in the mirror finding his hair was intact and not burned off from explosion. He walked out finding the Queen still there that appeared to gulp seeing him. 
Guardian saw the Queen still looking nervous as he kept the confused expression on his face while eyeing her. 
Guardian spoke using confusion in his voice tone "That helicopter crash? I don't remember getting out and losing my clothes in the process. Someone explain it to me." 
He groaned softly on having to lie towards the Queen. His lie was due to hiding his knowledge of his Guardian status from manoids as ordered by Egyptia via Meritanians manipulating him to do it. 
He frowned as the Queen did a double take look towards him before she speaking "Just don't worry about the helicopter crash anyway. Excuse me. You and I are wanted outside to meet the public actually."
Guardian wordlessly followed to hear within his mind "Managed to scan the Queen's mind on which Egyptian species she is. Turns out she's one of those hidden humanoids who are immune to Compellers' voice tones. 
Those humanoids are marked by their eyes displayed a different color from normal Egyptians' eye color. She's wearing an eye disguise at the moment to hide that status. 
I got to add that those humanoids call themselves Immunes due to Compeller's immunity. They aren't really deathless but very long lived actually. 
The Immunes have been caught thinking their deathless repeatedly which their not. They can be killed by any of the medical ailments hitting Egyptians including via other Egyptians doing the assassinating. 
This can kill the Queen in question." 
He heard nothing more from Yerra as he followed the Queen outside the males' shop to stand next to her. He found a semi circle gathering of presses flashing their lights from devices aimed at the both of them. 
Guardian found the Queen going up to a microphone stand appearing to speak. He frowned as she shook her head and then hand gestured towards him to speak. 
He obeyed to think "I know what to say while standing in front of the microphones."
Guardian spoke after a pause of light shows from the presses "I'm the son of his majesty King Nikolas Visser himself born through another female and not by his wife the Queen herself."
He clamped his mouth shut to form a thin line as the presses' lights became more glaring. 
Guardian heard various questions thrown at him by different press members. 
He heard one presses' comment loudly "I want to focus was on asking you on your life of being raised by a midwife so ignore the questions." 
Guardian spoke as honestly "I was raised by a midwife till her light extinguished in a car accident."
He finding himself refusing to say how or what she died in a car accident despite asked. 
Guardian clamped his mouth shut refusing to talk more on the subject aimed at him about his life after his Mother raiser's death towards the presses despite pestered to do it. 
He kept his mouth shut as the presses continued asking him various questions that were all over the place. 
Guardian felt himself annoyed to find Herod at his side who whispered in his ear "Its time to go now Your Majesty."
He obeyed to follow Herod through the crowd of presses held back by cops in an aisle sensing the Queen following from behind. Guardian followed Herod to a limo which he and escorts got inside. He felt the limo start up followed by the driver driving it through the streets. 
He noticed a police escort that boxed the limo with lights from their vehicles flashing. He frowned as he heard gibberish spoken from the Queen unexpectedly she sounding angry. 
Guardian eyed Herod in response to see suspicion form in Herod's eyes. He saw the suspicion leave Herod followed by a familiar facial look indicating that the General figured something out. He heard the Queen kept up her angry language speaking still sounding furious to him. 
Guardian looked out the window ignoring the Queen ranting her gibberish language seemingly lengthy. The limo he was in reached the house to stop in the driveway near the residence. He got ordered out by Herod which he obeyed. 
Guardian walked inside the house still hearing the Queen still blaring her angry untranslatable words. He sensed the Queen was following them into the residence till they reached the Main office. 
He found the Queen once inside the Main office quit her ranting after thrust Nicky by a maid. Guardian eyed the Queen in response who appeared to compose herself before shifting her attention towards Nicky. He saw the Queen giving Nicky a look of Mother's love he recognized from attending multiple births of offsprings. 
He recalled "I saw that look from the Mothers seeing their babies by giving their baby the twin facial appearance whenever they held their offspring for the first time." 
He frowned hearing Nicky giving off loud wailing noises. Guardian looked away as he went to sit down in the desk's chair. He eyed the staff members in the room with a glare noticing them each looking nervous.
Guardian noticed the nervousness whenever he eyed each staff member before speaking "Report on that helicopter crash now."
He formed a glare as Herod spoke "The crash's results is still being tested at the moment. The testing is on the computer monitor that was monitoring the helicopter in use. 
The computer's system was found working fine despite the helicopter's destruction. Witness report seeing you walking out of the inferno clad in nothing on your form while displaying this all white eyed look. Your skin and hair by the looks of you seen are both looking like it wasn't affected by the fire actually. 
Once you reached the witnesses is when you quit that odd look and indicated on demanding some clothing on your form. The clothing status was indicated that your mind wasn't affected by the crash in question. 
You displayed a very heavy appetite when taking in the nourishment they gave you. The nourishment they gave you was a five course meal set for three people. You were seen eating and drinking everything set down in front of you on the table. 
I also being in your presence noticed this heavy appetite as well. So talk on what you remember of the crash now, Your Majesty."
He spoke as firmly as he could "I recall the pilot slumping over then nothing else after that. 
I came to found myself standing naked bare of clothes facing people with ranges of emotions on their faces seeing me. It's when I gave them a signal my way of demanding for clothes. 
Herod care to explain how you got to the restaurant so fast soon after the explosion? 
I wasn't in there long enough by the breaks between nourishment cooked for me to take in. You were looking like you weren't surprised by the disaster but seemed shocked to see me alive. So talk on that now."
Guardian glared at Herod hating himself on having to lie on hiding his Guardian of Egyptia's status from people. He having to hide it as enforced by the Meritanians insisting on that to happen period. 
"My hiding status was from recalling the Meritanians ordering me once I found out my purpose on Egyptia after my Mother raiser's death by my hand in a car accident." Guardian mentally thought to himself. 
Herod he glared at appeared to gulp before looking at the Queen with a glare in response. 
He eyed the Queen to find the female speaking once he glared at her with an angry look "Alright that helicopter crash was an excuse to take you out Victor. I had plans that involved me ruling Mahalia as their monarchy ruler alone in title. It appears that is not my purpose at the moment other than raising Nicky." 
Guardian spoke recalling Olivia "Check Beach City in West Allied state where a Samira female named Olivia Madison lives. 
She's currently last I heard married to this Daisuke Yamato. She's currently still living with Daisuke while raising a boy child named Ian to my knowledge. 
Warwick on contact said that this Olivia after I met her was my sister, your daughter actually."
Guardian heard a gasp from the Queen followed by tears spilling from her eyes. 
He continued talking "I'm not even sure if Olivia is still living where she's currently at, at the moment or elsewhere. The location of her residence when I lived with her is on Dorrance Street in Beach City. 
It's a house used to house people helping them get back onto their feet after they suffer some disaster of losing everything in their life. That's what I was told via Olivia's Mother raiser herself. 
Olivia's Mother raiser called herself Rita wound up later having her light extinguished from some medical ailment of cancer actually. Olivia is currently raising Olga's son at the moment she dubs by the name of Ian after her Father raiser. 
Also I believe that Nicky is Olivia's son born through her actually."
He clamped his mouth shut to see the Queen kiss Nicky on the forehead before walking out of the room without another word followed by two of the bodyguards. 
Guardian frowned as he heard from Herod "You confirmed what the Queen and her husband were overheard arguing about. The argument was prior to the King taking his ill fated plane trip to Republic state."
He got up and spoke "See me to my room Herod now." 
Guardian felt himself annoyed with his wordings. He found Herod leading him out of the office to his familiar teenage male bedroom to his annoyance. 
Inside the room he got from Herod speaking after giving off a loud beep noise "Spill it Victor on what I've seen from you talking to the Queen on being this Guardian of life and death. Don't deny it. I have the ability to see everything all over within my mind so talk on this now."
He folded his arms to glare at Herod as he heard in response "Tsk Mason must you pester Egyptia's hand towards deathless manoids?"
He frowned hearing Tut's words including the name of Mason to hear from Herod again using his voice "So explain this Guardian of life and death bit I got from Victor towards the Queen as seen in my mind, Tut."
Guardian exhaled a breath hearing the Meritanian's name spoken by Herod he assumed was actually named Mason. 
Guardian frowned visibly to hear from Tut "The Guardian of life and death was Egyptia's creation towards deathless manoids causing damage within her. Egyptia kept finding no success of removing those manoids in question on a permanent basis. 
She created Victor to do that job for her. He already had success in removing some annoying deathless manoids she orders him to kill. 
Victor is already aware of this status actually."
Guardian eyed Herod who shifted to look at him with eyes narrowed.
He frowned as Herod spoke "This bit of Guardian being the King isn't going to work out very well. It's how closely spied the public will be onto him like they were onto his Father in question."
He frowned forming it onto his lips as he heard in response "Leave that to Yerra and me to handle that matter in question, Mason. 
We have already had success on handling the spying public spying onto Victor after his Mother raiser passed away in a car accident so don't worry about it."
Guardian kept his eyes onto Herod as he sensed the Meritanian became silent and cutting off the scanning. 
He heard from Herod "That helicopter crash? Were you aware of what happened actually?"
He gave a head bob in response keeping his mouth shut Herod was seen touched his arm giving off a familiar beep sound. 
He frowned as Herod spoke "Alright you told me what you know of the helicopter crash. So get some rest while you're in here. I suspect that you'll need the sleep anyway."
He found himself agreeing with Herod's talk who without a word left the room. Guardian went into the bathroom to strip himself of his clothes, armored vest and shoes. He got himself into the shower and scrubbed himself thoroughly as he could. He cleaned himself with soap and shampoo then once done dried himself fully. 
Guardian wrapped the towel around his waist and picked up everything he left on the floor to carry into the bedroom. He found Herod back into his bedroom with the butler to his annoyance. 
Guardian formed a glare as Herod spoke "The butler's duties other than being a butler is being your personal physician. He's here to check you out from the helicopter crash. He's to make sure your fine physically with no side problems from the crash despite seen indicating no injury to the form."
He dumped the items in his hands onto a dresser. Guardian stood with arms folded as the butler placed a black briefcase onto the bed opening it. He saw a computer like monitor screen inside. He eyed the butler who picked up a hand sized wand from the suitcase. 
He heard from the butler who spoke firmly "Hold out your arms now while I wave the scanner over you."
Guardian obeyed to find the butler was slow with the wand waving and did it all over the place on him. He finding the wand waving was including not sparing his sensitive parts after removing his towel. Guardian finding Herod having widen eyes seeing his form he glared at the General who shook his head and formed a frown in response to his glare. 
He kept his arms out till the butler spoke "Done with the scanning. The Eli will tell me within moments on what I need to know regarding your health Your Majesty."
He picked up the towel and wrapped it around his waist to resume folding his arms. Guardian eyed the butler who put the wand back into the briefcase and typed some buttons on the keyboard included inside. He glared as he heard a beep sound sounding loudly in a fast tone seemingly lengthy making him annoyed with the noises till it cut itself off. The computer monitor screen flashed colors he glimpsed he unable to see clearly what image it was showing. 
Guardian kept his arms folded as the butler spoke "Eli says that Victor is in perfect health at the moment. Some bed rest is what I recommended for him to do for the remainder of the day and night. It's till morning the next day is when he can resume his activities."
He shifted to glare at Herod who spoke "What your doctor orders you obey period. It's his duty on keeping you alive at all costs. You to rule Mahalia till an heir possibly Nicky is old enough to takeover the King's title."
Guardian spoke firmly "Pajamas where can I find them around here? A servant no, no me sleeping without clothes on."
He eyed Herod to hear in response "Excuse me."
Guardian shifted to eye the butler who had the briefcase closed to go to a dresser drawer opening it. He frowned as the butler pulled out a piece of clothing he saw were some kind of loose sweats in black from the looks of them. 
Guardian got tossed the pants by the butler towards him he caught to hear "Your Father kept the habit of wearing these kinds of pants as his pajamas when sleeping in bed and nothing else on his form. I figured that they'll do for you as your pajamas. 
It was the Queen who insisted towards your Father, she overheard in the morning to have some kind of pants to be worn for bed. This insisting was after I wound up waking them both up for breakfast. She wanted your Father to avoid the naked status in bed. She didn't seem to appreciate the naked status seen from your Father. 
He was appearing to be parading his nakedness in front of female servants ordered to wake them up for breakfast in the morning. 
The female servants according to the Queen were acting amused seeing your Father's naked body form. I believe it was jealousy talking when the Queen got her pants must be worn order your Father obeyed in doing after she successfully got him poisoned."
Guardian didn't say a word removed the towel to sling it onto the dresser. He went to put on the black sweats. He wound up finding the sweats fit him loosely around his form but clutch to his waist and ankles. The pants he felt were like his familiar sweatpants to him.
He spoke "Anything else I should know of regarding my Father and the Queen's relationship with each other? This poisoned status the Queen did to my Father sounds like he was acting too childish and not taking her seriously as an equal in the marriage. 
I think my Father was poisoned due to the Queen fed up with being flaunted as a trophy to the public.
He heard in response "The King doesn't admit any medical issues towards the staff in meetings in the Main office. That admittance is frowned for Kings to do towards the public. He must appear to have suffered some medical issue visibly is when medical attention will be done onto him. 
Your medical issues are to be relayed to your personal physician aka butler himself. This is done whenever you order him to your presence in private of your sleeping quarters anytime you wish. Your physician is on call every day every hour waiting to hear from you of any medical issues while you take residence here. 
As for any medical issues elsewhere it's my responsibility to see that you receive medical treatment while out traveling. The medical assistance is done once it's obvious you need it as you indicated it by your behavior. 
I have to figure out if you need the medical help or not. Regardless of you not permitted of saying anything related to that subject towards me."
Guardian frowned hearing Herod's words as he eyed Herod to hear from the butler "Excuse me. Herod but His Majesty needs his rest so make this short now."
He eyed Herod in response who spoke "I'll talk to you later on what you need to know regarding the King position excuse me."
He saw Herod leave the room followed by the butler. 
Guardian gave off a soft sigh sound and got into bed pulling the blankets up to his chest.
He wound up thinking to himself sensing the Meritanians scanning his mind "Who's this Mason aka Herod my General anyway? What's his purpose other than this vision ability to see various scenarios in his mind?"
Guardian stared at the ceiling seemingly lengthy hearing silence from the Meritanians. 
He groaned softly as he wound up hearing unexpectedly "Mason aka Herod your General is one of those deathless people like you that Egyptia is counting on to keep planetary order within the planet herself. Mason's job in question he aware of it is to assist you on targeting deathless people causing damage to Egyptia. The targeting deathless people is by either removing them on a permanent basis or teaching those people that the planet and her functions come first then manoids second."
He exhaled a breath hearing Yerra's words as Tut was heard "Besides the bodyguard who fathered Olivia didn't really die as led to believe. Daisuke made a deal with him on letting him alive to raise Olivia as her Father raiser. This was done after admitting to the bodyguard of what he was supposedly be doing towards him."
He stiffened hearing Tut's words as the Meritanian continued "Olivia's Father really did die from a medical ailment once his health got to the point that he couldn't live anymore. Olivia from mind scans of her knows that her Father raiser is her actual Father. Her Mother raiser Rita is not aware of that fact. Your sister knows that her Mother was someone else other than her Mother raiser despite leading Rita to believe otherwise."
Guardian remained silent in response as he felt sleepiness hitting him to hear "Go to sleep you need the rest anyway."
He groaned softly turned onto his side and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Guardian came to hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring its ringing noises. He reached with a hand to turn the alarm clock off along with turning on the lamp. Guardian heard a door knocking sound in a code of three knocks to him on the bedroom's door. He sat up as the butler arrived into the room pushing a cart he smelled from the smells contained nourishment making his stomach rumble in hunger. He got up and went to the eating table to sit. 
Guardian patiently waited as the butler placed in front of him a tray holding nourishment in dishware. He frowned seeing the butler putting cups of three drinks all appearing to look like milk to him next to the tray on the table. 
Guardian found himself terribly hungry forced himself to take his time eating the food. He found his eating and drinking was assisted by the butler having hands onto his hands onto the silverware and cups. He sighed once all the nourishment was consumed is when he gave off another sigh sound once done. 
He spoke towards the butler as the male removed the tray and cups back into the cart "What's my agenda on for the day as traditionally done anyway?"
He frowned as the butler spoke after looking at him "Your agenda is told to you via the staff in the Main office actually. I'm not included in that matter so go into the bathroom and attend to your personal hygiene. I'll see that your attires are properly laid on the bed waiting for you once you're done."
Guardian sighed softly and without another word went into the bathroom to shower fully cleaning himself as well as he could. He then dried himself fully including his hair via hair dryer. 
He figured to himself "I'll leave my hair down instead of pulled back due to the public seeing me with it down." 
He walked out of the bathroom clad in a towel carrying his pajama pants to put them onto a dresser's top. Guardian frowned finding the butler still in the room that spoke an ahem sound. He sighed and ditched the towel onto the dresser to put on the clothes finding the underwear and socks were of better quality. 
He found himself still issued the armored vest. Guardian didn't complain to wearing including putting on his clothes by himself and doing the same to his shoes. He found the shoes this time appeared to be sneakers in entirely black color that clung to his ankles and feet. Guardian frowned to feel the pants he was wearing drape themselves over the ankle parts of the sneakers. 
Guardian gave the butler a glare once done dressing himself who looked him up and down.
The butler he heard speaking "I'm to lead you to the Main office as protocol requires it. You as my King and required for private staff members to do the leading towards you around here. 
As for the public being present in the residence you're required to lead the way towards public only allowed areas with assigned staff members following behind. 
Excuse me." 
He wordlessly followed the butler to the Main office. Guardian found the male knocking on the door. He saw one of the bodyguards opened the door allowing him inside. 
Guardian finding the Queen seated in a chair in front of the desk still holding Nicky. She he saw was appearing to be feeding Nicky by a bottle's nipple into the baby's mouth. He saw the bottle was indicating of blood's contents while held in the Queen's hand. She ignored him looking appearing to concentrate all her attention onto Nicky sucking the bottle's contents. 
He looked away and went to sit down at the desk's chair to speak loudly "Report now."
Guardian folded his arms to hear an ahem noise from Herod.
He eyed Herod who added speaking "Excuse me I must broach a subject that is personal. So what do you know of mating? What experience do you have in that area regarding relationships with females?"
He eyed Herod and spoke "I was raised by a midwife who was very clearly crystal clear to me on her job and its duties. I do know what the results of such mating behavior results in offspring forming if there isn't any kinds of protection done to prevent that. 
The midwife was very crystal clear on what types of safety issues to be used for a mating to prevent offsprings from forming. The prevention was to be used between a male and a female mating which involves medical intervention actually."
Guardian heard a groan from Herod who shut his eyes rubbing a hand on his forehead.
He heard "Actually Herod is trying to know if you have experience in doing such mating behaviors yourself onto females including courting them for relationships. This followed by doing anything mating wise towards them in question."
Guardian exhaled a breath hearing that from the Queen to find her looking at him with a frown. He saw the Queen was still feeding Nicky his bottled drink who appeared to be taking his time sucking the bottle's contents to him. 
Guardian sighed and spoke from memories within his mind "Alright I do have experience in that area when it comes to courting females. The courting happened when I went to high school from ages seventeen to nineteen. Including attending high school sporting events my Mother raiser allowed me to attend which happened before her light got extinguished. 
The females have been habitually have been using me to make a male mate friend of theirs jealous enough to take them back after the male did the relationship breakup as always. 
I'm aware of that stunt played due to one of females got friendly with me rejected my advances of a courtship. She managed to keep the friendship to tell me of that joke played by females to make their males jealous. This jokey stunt continued played onto me over and over while I attended the high school. 
This stunt wound up played too much to the point that I wasn't sure about what the female wants. Her wants have me confused if it was me she wanted herself or she was doing some trick to make her targeted male jealous enough to court her or take her back after such relationship was broken up. 
One of those males wound up taking this jealousy too far by trying to get me sick with a medical ailment. It involved poisoning me via some alcoholic bottle and making it seem I drank out of suicide. I received medical help in a timely fashion which wound up intervening and saved my life as a result. 
I've been avoiding females targeting me for courtships as a teenager due to that trick played onto me too much. 
The trick has gotten me too suspicious of females pouncing onto me hence I preferring to do the courting instead. 
Unfortunately the courting I do onto females have resulted in them rejecting me and giving various excuses to me to avoid courtship. Besides there were females who didn't protest to me checking their body forms out who seemed amused to me doing it."
He clamped his mouth shut once done to hear Herod groaning again and eyed the General who still had his hand covering his eyes. 
He frowned Herod removed his hand to speak "Blast he confirmed what was rumored going on regarding him at a high school. He confirmed the rumor even when background checks were done onto him after he was revealed as the King's son to us. 
This female courtship bit isn't going to be easy for him as expected. That's due to this trickery repeatedly played onto him will make it hard for him to trust a female enough to get paired to one as his companion and Queen in question."
He sighed in response to Herod's words as he eyed the Queen in response who formed a glare before she speaking "Tell me more on this female who kept the friendship with you despite rejecting courtship advances."
Guardian spoke "Her name was Melinda Long as said to me. That despite hearing others use the name of melon to her even in my presence in some jokey way she didn't find amusing. She became friendly with me out of pity of me being used by females. 
She became friendly enough to tell me of that stunt and her pity feelings towards me. 
Anyway she was friendly with me before she graduated high school during cycles I went there. 
She wound up acting as my advisor towards handling females using me for a stunt. I haven't kept in touch with her since I was kicked out of the high school. 
This kicked out status happened once my declared age of nineteen was flaunted to my face as a reason to leave the school. 
Her parents I believe must have gotten to Melinda and told her to break off the friendship. It's from receiving a letter in some masculine handwriting on breaking off the correspondence or be thrown in jail of accusations of being a stalker. The letter stated that Melinda's parents had proof of that stalker behavior despite not saying what it was."
He sighed and continued "I lost touch with Melinda as a result. My contact Warwick as he's called during contacts kept balking on giving me any information on her. 
Warwick has repeatedly said to me he would deliver correspondence from me to her. He balked on handing me anything from her in response. I kept up the letter writing correspondence towards Melinda with Warwick doing the delivering as he claimed he was doing. 
This stopped once I reached the declared age of twenty three by Warwick saying it to me. He wound up telling me that Melinda was no longer in Mahalia continent but elsewhere. Warwick refused to say where only said she was busy with schooling and didn't have time to focus onto reading correspondence letters."
Guardian groaned softly before adding "Warwick has managed to get me to drop the subject a lunar cycled month later after correspondence was stopped. I haven't brought it up with him again since. 
I have heard no word from Warwick on what's going on with Melinda at all despite receiving postcards from all over Egyptia. All the postcards have been addressed to my home residences with Warwick's name as the addressee in her handwriting on them. 
The postcards have always said a familiar wish you were here comment on it and no written signature to indicate she was the one who wrote them."
He clamped his mouth shut to frown while eyeing the Queen who spoke "Interesting seems this Melinda Long has gotten your eye enough to want to pursue her in a courtship. Hence you keeping contact with her in question and she sharing the same feelings in question."
Guardian frowned hearing that as Herod spoke loudly "Melinda Long? Is that her name as given to you or as called by the school in question?"
He spoke "It's the name used by the teachers using it in homeroom class with her when it comes to attendance taken. Other students have been teasing her by calling her by this word of melon a short version of her name. 
We took up the friendship after I confronted some males picking onto her in some rude way. The picking was based on her appearance of being a Columbian. The males picked onto me in response due to my looks was twin to her Columbian looks actually."
He frowned to eye Herod who formed a golden eyed look cocking his head before shutting them. 
He frowning wondering what the General was up to before hearing "Hmph she either was a spy for the Brittany nation sent to find you or just a descendant of a Columbian taken residence in Mahalia. 
Nick had that spying happen to him just prior to finding me for a courtship."
Guardian shifted to eye the Queen who still held Nicky to notice the baby had stopped his bottle sucking and was seemingly sleeping held in her arms.
The Queen he looked at continued speaking "Columbia's current King has secret communication correspondence towards Nick. 
Columbia's King has made no secret towards Nick in correspondence of having one of the Brittany natives' royal family married into his family. Including how Brittany's ruler reacted towards that was to keep it under wraps instead of flaunting it all over the place in Brittany or in Columbia. 
Columbia's current King at the moment during correspondence Nick shared with me seems confused on why Brittany's ruler is keeping this marriage fact out of public eye at the moment. That despite the marriage is still reportedly going strong."
Guardian frowned further as the Queen paused to frown before adding "Brittany has been well known to attempt retakes of nations that were formerly underneath their rule. 
This retake attempt has happened repeatedly after they were thrown out by revolutions. They have kept on pulling this retake stunt over and over towards independent nations formerly underneath their control. 
Their not sparing Columbia and Mahalia either. 
Columbia's King has said during correspondences that Brittany stopped their takeover attempts once a member of their monarch's family was married into Columbia nation's royal family. This was done towards his youngest grandson kept out of the public eye at the moment via their youngest granddaughter who also was kept out of the public eye too. 
I heard that both met each other in the Republics of Tsar for some schooling in dance dubbed ballet. They unaware of who they were got together in some heavy courtship relationship and refused to break it off once their identities were pointed out to each other. The pair has both insisted on marriage to happen to each other period which was done with no protests from either nation's ruling monarch. 
As for the marriage it was kept in secret according to Columbia's King from the natives of Columbia and the natives of Brittany in question. They don't seem to be aware of them being a part of either nation's royal family as enforced by Brittany's King on keeping it a secret."
He formed a frown on his face while eyeing the Queen who met his eyes and kept talking "Columbia's King has said during correspondences that he's rather confused to why Brittany's King would keep this pairing a secret instead of flaunting it publicity and kept on insisting it be a secret. 
The excuse of not flaunting the pairing as always was related to the couple's ages of when they married each other as claimed to be in their late teens. That includes not sharing any information such as any pictures of the couple or any evidence of who they are."
Guardian sighed softly as Herod spoke "I suspect that Columbia's King was hinting on Brittany's royal family already sending a member to be a spy for them to Mahalia. The spying was to seek out Victor himself including seeing on what can be done to ensnare him into a marriage trap. 
I suspect that was what he was trying to say in his correspondence hence his odd subject at the moment."
He shifted to eye Herod to hear from the Queen loudly "Actually Nick figured out another theory related to the correspondence's theme. 
The theory he had was that Columbia sent a member of their royal family to Mahalia to ensnare Victor into a marriage trap. It was to keep Brittany from playing such stunt onto him. 
Besides if Mahalia and Columbia were to have a very public alliance it'll get Brittany to back off on doing their takeover attempts over either nation. Perhaps back off on any retake attempts on any nation in question once it was obvious that both nations were joined in an agreement publicity. 
The joint alliance publicity flaunted to keep Brittany nation from doing any takeover behavior towards other nations. Those nations in question would follow the example of Mahalia and Columbia and form alliances among each other to keep Brittany from taking them over into their rule. 
Besides what Mahalia and Columbia does towards Brittany doing takeover attempts is reportedly copied by the other nations at the moment. Those nations somehow see Mahalia and Columbia as leaders of this rebellion in preventing Brittany doing a takeover and keeping their independence intact."
Guardian frowned eyeing the Queen in response to hear "Figures on what your saying my Queen. I should have realized what was really going on regarding this Melinda Long having a relationship with Victor. 
Her parents wound up stupidity breaking off the correspondence due to not knowing who he was. It appears that Warwick knew who this Melinda Long really was enough to encourage Victor and her to keep in contact with each other. Hence they both receiving correspondence he passed as the go between, between them in question. 
Warwick on heavy questioning just prior to light extinguished made it clear to me that he was playing matchmaker between Victor and this Melinda to be paired together. He even sounded belligerent when he got me to oath that I would see this relationship resulted into a marriage period. 
Unfortunately his light extinguished before he could tell me further information on this female he named as Melinda Long he was matching up towards Victor in question."
Guardian kept the frown on his face while eyeing Herod to hear a door knocking sound to find one of the bodyguards answering the door revealing Daisuke to his annoyance. He saw Daisuke was flaring his all black eyed look while dressed in Samira clothes. 
He heard an ugh sound from the Queen to find Daisuke walking into the room to stop who folded his arms. Guardian frowned seeing Daisuke's attention of narrowed eyes was appearing to be aimed at Herod who appeared to gulp repeatedly. 
He eyed Herod who appeared to gulp before stuttering then clearly speaking "Melinda Long is her name. She is a student of Finely town high school in West Allied state during the two cycles Victor attended that school. Her appearance is indicating of being a Columbian. 
Victor and Melinda had a correspondence relationship which was broken up by some male reportedly her Father writing to Victor himself to break off. Warwick or one of them just prior to death confessed on playing some matchmaker game between Melinda and Victor himself. 
Warwick confessed to keeping correspondences open between them as the go to between person passing onto them correspondences. He on his deathbed was belligerent on seeing the both of them married. He made me oath that it'll happen period then had his light extinguished before he could give further information onto this female he was pairing towards Victor in question."
Guardian sighed softly while eyeing Daisuke warily who spoke using his familiar creepy voice tone while looking at him "What's this Melinda Long's habit involving clothing she wears and her hair styled?"
He sighed and recalled fully to speak "She appeared to be a Farmer's daughter judging by the look of one always wearing blue jean overalls, plaid shirt of whatever color and boots on her feet that appeared to be for hiking. 
Her hair was always pulled back into three styles of a ball, a tail or a hair banded braid that looked very neatly done to me. The hair is always neat instead of messy like I always seen from females regardless of them dressed twin to hers. 
She habitually wore dark rimmed glasses on her face she admitted to me via written correspondence that those glasses were ordered for her to wear them by her Father raiser who didn't want males targeting her for relationships. 
Her Father raiser somehow found out about the correspondence sent me a letter threatening me with jail for doing stalker like behavior. He said in his letter hinting that he had proof of the stalker behavior. The behavior wasn't explained what it was. 
Warwick wound up asking me during a private meeting on whether if there were any females I had my eye on which I admitted my friendship with Melinda Long herself. 
He talked about seeing that we'll keep in touch with each other period. That keep in touch only involved me writing letters to her. She never responding via letter method and Warwick managed to quit that once I was twenty three. Soon after I was that declared age is when I started receiving postcards addressed to Warwick at residences I was staying. 
The postcards were from all over Egyptia in Melinda's handwriting with some wish you were here comment always written on them and never included her name."
He clamped his mouth shut as Daisuke spoke "Excuse me."
Guardian frowned as Daisuke held up a hand followed by a flash of light to reveal a female dressed similar to the Queen around his age. She he saw appeared to panic before seeing Daisuke getting a hold of her and appearing to be whispering in her ear calming her down. 
He frowned as he saw her shaking her head of confusion while looking around the room before focusing onto him with recognition and a familiar look with her blue eyes making him confused as to where he's seen her before. 
Guardian felt himself confused as Daisuke was heard "Yes your eyes aren't deceiving you Melinda as your known by him. This is Guard Beers himself the King of Mahalia aka Yevgeny Alexander Visser as he'll be publicity known."
He stiffened from Daisuke's words as the female spoke sounding familiar "Argh no wonder this Warwick guy kept on insisting on pairing us together. My Father raiser kept telling me that there was someone else in mind I should target with marriage on my mind. Turns out the target my Father raiser wanted me to target was him all along."
He exhaled a breath to stand up from the desk unfolding his arms realizing the female was Melinda herself as Daisuke was heard "Talk on who you really are now Melinda. I'll see that Yevgeny aka Victor as he's known around here will accept you in marriage period."
Guardian frowned hearing Daisuke's words as Melinda he eyed with a frown formed a frown and spoke "Alright my name is actually Jacinda Jensen. I'm a descendant of the Columbia nation's royal family. The descendant is from Columbia's King's youngest daughter who's secretly married to a Scandinavia nation native hence the last name.
Columbia's King George White Feather my Grandfather after news of Victor sent me to Mahalia to ensnare him in a marriage trap. The ensnaring was just to make an alliance between Mahalia and Columbia permanent. 
My Grandfather came upon this theory that if both nations had a permanent alliance aka connection to each other via their royal families. It'll cause Brittany to back off on their takeover attempts. 
My Grandfather through written correspondence has been complaining of being fed up with Brittany's repeated propaganda. The correspondence has been complaints involving Brittany taking his nation into some takeover attempt being successful through broadcasts within Columbia. The Brittany's broadcasts have been forcing him to publicity broadcast that the nation was still under independence repeatedly. He's indicated that he's desperate for this alliance to happen period."
Guardian didn't say a word in response as Jacinda he assumed he'll call her stopped talking. He walked around the desk and went towards her as if drawn to find her raising her palms to meet his palms. 
He jerked as he felt an intense charge of pleasure running through him from the palms' meeting before gently leaning forwards to shut his eyes and met Jacinda's lips with his lips. He wound up feeling another charge of pleasure hitting him once their lips met. He kissed her in response as she moved her lips to meet his movements. 
Guardian heard blared in his mind "Walls."
He frowned at the word as he saw clearly in his mind was a wall of stone while feeling Jacinda's lips turn into a palm he felt kissing making himself annoyed. 
He mentally spoke "Walls."
Guardian saw the stone wall of white in his mind drop down in a fast move to hear via ears "Get Victor to quit that behavior now!"
He frowned hearing the sneering voice tone of the Queen.
Guardian wound up to hear a voice speaking in a Compeller's voice tone "You will quit the lips' ritual and see Jacinda step away and disappear in a light show."
Guardian obeyed to find one hand was holding onto the maid's hand while she had a hand over his lips' mouth's area. 
He quit the hand holding to speak "I'll see you again Jacinda." 
He saw the maid walk off out of his eyesight. He shut his eyes to rub a hand over his lips making himself appear besotted with Jacinda. 
Guardian heard "Bloody Hades, get Victor to quit that behavior now!"
He frowned inwardly to hear the Queen's snarling voice tone. 
Guardian heard a Compeller's voice speaking "You will quit acting lovey dovey and resume your King's titled duties now."
Guardian obeyed to form a glare on his face and removed his hand to look around the room to find Daisuke not in sight. He found Herod seated on the couch looking annoyed by the expression on his face with golden eyes. Guardian frowned eyeing the Queen seated at the desk in the desk's seat he grimaced seeing her having a sneer on her face. 
He eyed the Queen who spoke "Tell me what this Guardian of Life and Death bit you are is."
He kept his mouth shut in response to hear blared behind him in a Compeller's voice "You will admit this Guardian of Life and Death now, Victor."
Guardian mentally spoke "Walls." 
He felt the compulsion to talk not there. He got a headache hitting his head to bend down groaning in pain loudly with hands covering his eyes them shut. He saw fully in his mind the events of the helicopter accident was real but a trick to find out who he was really. 
Guardian fumed to himself as he kept on groaning from the headache "Bloody Hades, the Queen rigged that helicopter explosion. Just to either kill me or have me reveal who I am to her. I wound up doing that by revealing this Guardian of Life and Death duty to her. Hence she using a Compeller to trick me into thinking I was kissing a female."
He stiffened as he heard "Herod what's Victor saying hmm? You're fluent in that gibberish Victor is speaking he inherited from Nick himself."
Guardian felt the headache stop to his relief. He wound up to stand up straighten his form to glare at the Queen hearing silence from Herod behind him. He jabbed a finger aimed at the Queen and recalled fully of how to activate his Guardian abilities. He noticed the Queen's sneer turn more sneering as he glared. Guardian activated his Guardian's Egyptia ability by dropping a see through wall in his mind. 
Guardian spoke recalling his duty as Egyptia's protector from manoids "I won't have you destroy Egypt and her natural order of life for manoids to survive living in her. The planet comes first then manoids come second after that. Don't deter me from doing what it takes to protect Egypt from you and your damaging destruction. I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I determine with Egypt's input who lives and who's light gets extinguished. Don't interfere with my work."
He glared at the Queen who's sneer remained but saw she had fear in her eyes. Guardian felt himself confused to why he referred Egytpia as Egypt. He kept his Guardian ability active to glare at her while pointing a finger aimed at her. Guardian then willed his power's aside to fold his arms forming a glare aimed at her. 
Guardian found the sneer was still on her face but she appearing to look nervous. 
He heard the Queen spoke "What do you have to say about having a freak excuse for a King, Herod? You still want to serve him hmm?"
He stood sideways away from the Queen to look at Herod due to thinking "Its best not to turn my back onto the Queen entirely. She's up to something by this stunt pulled onto me."
Guardian eyed Herod seated on the couch. He wound up finding one of the bodyguards behind the male having a handgun pointed at Herod's head. Guardian grimaced seeing the bodyguard thrusting the weapon further onto the Herod's head in some pushing method. 
He glared at Herod who spoke "The gun isn't necessary my Queen, so call off your dog now."
He heard as the bodyguard kept the gun pointed at Herod in response to the talk "Why pray tell should I do that hmm?"
He frowned hearing nervousness in the Queen's voice tone while hearing from Herod "Who's going to translate that gibberish? Victor seemed to inherited from his Father, you heard complaining about my Queen? You sounded like you're not fluent in that gibberish like language like I am."
He shifted to glare at the Queen who stopped her sneer instead had a frown on her face. This was followed by hearing loudly a gun's safety clicking on he recognizing the sound. Guardian kept his eyes onto the Queen with them narrowed in a glare as she formed nervousness onto her face. 
He glared at the Queen who spoke sounding nervous "Alright Herod has a point on his talk regarding the gibberish like language. Victor or should I say Yevgeny Alexander spoke. Anyway excuse me I have business that requires me out of here."
He kept the glare as the Queen got up from the desk's seat. Guardian saw her faded from view to hear a crying noise sounding loudly he recognizing it from Nicky. He eyed Nicky held in the maid's arms to find the Queen appearing next to her. 
He figured "The Queen used a super speed running method."
Guardian saw the Queen grab the baby and again faded from view. He heard the doors to the room manipulated with a loud bang sound. Guardian shifted to eye Herod. He wound up finding the bodyguard who had the gun pointed at the General was gone from the room. He noticed along with another bodyguard. Guardian noticed that there were two bodyguards in the room while hearing a Tsk sound from the maid behind him. He faced Herod entirely with back to the maid.
Guardian mentally spoke "Walls."
He found the scene refused to change to his confusion. He shifted to eye the maid in a glare who walked up towards him. Guardian saw her pulled out a pair of glasses from her pocket to put on. He saw with shock was Melinda Long from the stunt joke played onto him. 
Guardian gave the maid a glare who spoke "The Queen played a jokey stunt of having a Compeller one of your bodyguards. To compel you into believing I was your Melinda Long from your high school when I wasn't."
He glared at her as she added ignoring his glaring "This Melinda Long is currently being searched at the moment from what you said of her. As for Jacinda Jensen it's my actual name. I have no relations towards Columbia's King at the moment. I do have relations toward Scandinavia. I did come from there to settle into Mahalia for refugee status. The refugee status wound up granted by your Father. He wound up hired me into serving him based on my knowledge of Scandinavia and its ruler the Queen Ingrid. Your Father wanted inside information on Scandinavia. I gave it to him in return of this maid job to hide myself from anyone seeking me out. Sorry I can't say why I'm a refugee from there. Your Father said to keep this fact to myself for security reasons actually. Anything else I should admit Herod?"
He shifted to glare at Herod who he saw was standing instead of sitting from the couch that shook his head in a manoid no gesture. 
Herod he heard speaking "She's a spy from Queen Ingrid actually."
Guardian stiffened hearing words blaring in his mind from Herod who kept up his gibberish talk. 
He wound up hearing the language translation in his mind "Queen Ingrid isn't the only ruler having spies underneath your employ at the moment. There's others sensed around serving. I'm not sure why their spying at the moment. Besides Brittany nation seems to have some obsession in wanting to retake Mahalia underneath their rule. It's due to how focused they seemed to be aimed at this nation than any other nation formerly underneath them gaining independence-"
He heard an ahem sound interrupting Herod's talk who added speaking "Anything else you want to admit Miss Jensen?"
He frowned hearing Herod speaking in Britain language as dubbed for Mahalia's natives to speak and language's uses. The natives still kept up as the Mahalia's national language use.
He shifted to glare at Jacinda who removed the glassed and put them into a pocket of her dress before eyeing him. 
Jacinda he heard wound up speaking "Why is Olga claiming that Victor is blind in the dark? Explain that bit, Victor."
Guardian sighed as he recalled fully "I can see in the dark myself."
He wound up to speak "I'm not blind in the dark. I was faking my blindness actually."
He frowned to clamp his mouth shut as Jacinda walked up towards Herod he eyed her. 
This was followed by she speaking "Every Mahalia native born on this island continent has the ability to see in the dark. It's from what I know of your Father's bragging it towards me. He kept up that braggart behavior including some courtship feelings aimed at me whenever his wife wasn't around to see it happen. I admit it that he was doing the courtship to spite his wife's negative nitpicky attitude aimed at him. That including trying to get over being poisoned by her."
Guardian frowned eyeing Herod in response who spoke "Your Father whined complaints towards me that he couldn't permanently put his wife down in some assassination method. He whined about this after it came out that she compelled people to get her paired towards him including compelling people to implant her with Olga."
He spoke "Don't tell me this bit involving Stepmother was some attitude of being power mad to rule Mahalia in a King position but this time using the Queen title."
He glared at Herod who he heard an ahem sound to find the General frowned and not the ahem speaker he assumed was a bodyguard. He wound up noticing Jacinda putting a hand on the male's arm that was folded with his other arm across his chest.
Herod spoke as another ahem sounded "Alright the Queen's power mad attitude was related to jealousy aimed at your Mother for conceiving you naturally via mating ways. That's despite Olga wound up implanted inside her. Her carrying of Olga gave her lots of trouble medical wise. That required her bedridden and receiving lots of blood transfusions. Olga from the doctor's tests drank blood from within her Mother carrying her, hence she bedridden a lot from losing so much blood. Olga was surgically taken out. It was obvious she wasn't getting out via birth natural way or her Mother getting into a sleep status for that birthing to happen."
Guardian spoke "The bodyguard that targeted the Queen? What's going on with that involving Talia and her conceiving?"
He got from Herod who he noticed took Jacinda's hand to grip "The bodyguard that target the Queen with a courtship, had some thought theory that your Father didn't love her and was using her as trophy, judging by the looks of her. The Queen just prior to Olga's implantation was looking twin to one of the actresses producers was looking for, for their movies. She was a movie star just prior to taking Your Father's hand in marriage after snaring him into a trap."
Guardian frowned forming it on his face as Herod continued "Besides soon after she started carrying Olga is when her appearance shifted into a Northern Columbian. It's a look twin to your Father currently which you have yourself. It was after Olga was taken out is when her look became permanent. He wound up flaunting her as from Northern Columbia and claiming she was a part of their royal family hence the term trophy wife used. 
Now as for the bodyguard he was targeting the Queen on account that he didn't approve of your Father's trophy wife's status towards her. He was reportedly trying to get her out of that trophy wife status by targeting her. Just to break up her marriage towards your Father. I do confess but there were cameras recording in the gym room where the bodyguard was seen mating with the Queen."
He groaned softly as Herod kept talking "The Queen via recorders appeared to not resist to the bodyguard mating with her. She instead was appearing to look out of it. The Queen heard saying your Father's name repeatedly. She was mistakenly thinking the bodyguard was your Father himself hence his name used. When the bodyguard was done with his mating job is when she appeared to faint after giving out a declaration of love towards your Father in question."
Guardian spoke "Then what's with my Father mating with that actress that created me anyway?"
He frowned eyeing Herod to see the General looking at Jacinda to hear an ahem noise loudly. Guardian frowned eyeing the maid to notice that she was his Mother raiser's age.
He wound up to get from her "Your Father met me in the hallway of the hotel actually. 
Your Father came onto me in private of a hotel room after I let him into a room. I wound up pregnant with you."
He gasped of shock sensing her words were the truth. 
Jacinda continued talking "The use of an actress was actually an excuse to the public to explain who your Mother was. 
There is a Victoria Lynn. She wound up pregnant at the same time I was carrying you actually. Victoria Lynn's baby wound up put down after he was born. The put down was due to some medical condition as law states for such light's to be extinguished towards babies. 
Victoria Lynn in question wasn't told of the put down status. She instead was led to believe her baby lived by the midwife attending to her who switched babies with my baby. I was aware of that switcheroo actually by the midwife. The midwife made it seem that your Father's offspring was fathered via Victoria Lynn herself when it was via me actually. Your Father kept up the deception of Victoria Lynn having his baby to his wife. He was keeping tabs onto you via Warwick given input from me on how to do things around Mahalia."
He sighed softly as Jacinda's hand got kissed by Herod which he spoke "You two together or what?"
He eyed Herod who spoke "Actually she's my wife. Jacinda worked in a hotel at the time of her getting pregnant with you. I managed to get your Father to put me into this General position after I worked my way up through the battle groups to gain this title legally. He agreed to have my wife work for him. That including input on what to do towards caring towards Sparky then Nicky."
He spoke as Herod stopped talking "Does Stepmother know of this talk you're both telling me?"
He heard "Yes she knows. Your Father blabbed soon after she got him into some mating ritual. He always talks whenever she does some kind of mating ritual towards him."
Guardian groaned softly hearing Jacinda's words.
He eyed her who added noticing his stare "Herod had to convince the Queen to back off on targeting me with the excuse of us being married and Mother of his son. I do have a male offspring. He's your brother that is currently in a battle group in Columbia's island nation of Megiddo. Mahalia has some agreement with Megiddo's ruler to keep a base on one of their islands on a permanent basis. I'm not even sure of the reason despite my husband doesn't want to talk about it. He keeps on hinting its bad really bad and keeps swearing Bloody Hades whenever he tells me this talk."
Guardian frowned to eye Herod who spoke after hearing an ahem sound "Sorry I'm not at liberty to say towards you. I oath I wouldn't say. Besides shouldn't you meet the Queen in the dining room for a meal? You need nourishment anyway. Don't worry about this talk. She ordered us to tell you it actually hence she pulling a disappearing act involving her ability to run very fast hence she appearing to fade from view. Every Queen of Mahalia is given this ability to run very fast. Every King is always given an ability to detect themselves being spied on. Don't ask me how they gotten that ability hitting them it's always there period."
Guardian groaned and without a word walked out of the room sensing the remaining two bodyguards escorting him. He sensed them following him from behind by his spying senses telling him that. He went to the dining room as if from memory of where it was despite no compulsion orders done. Guardian found the Queen seated at the head of the table that formed a sneer seeing him.
This was followed by she speaking "I see you met your Mother, Jacinda, Herod's wife. He's in love with at the moment. The marriage towards your Mother was recent at the beginning of this cycle. It was when Herod took this job actually and not when you were conceived."
Guardian willed forwards his planet protecting ability to give the Queen a glare.
She stopped sneering to form a nervous expression followed by she speaking "Alright your Father sort of whenever I'm manipulating him in some mating ritual in the morning he always talks. Your Father confessed that he ordered Herod to marry Jacinda once it was obvious that she was carrying you. 
Your Father was aware of who carried you. Hence he telling me all sorts of talk involving an actress carrying you. He also confessed to letting the midwife raise you while keeping tabs onto you in question. 
Your Father realized that Herod marrying your Mother would prove to be a good excuse to keep her alive. It was mostly away from me and my jealousy attitude of assassinations toward her. Herod being your Mother's husband and later Father of your brother through your Mother was used as excuses to keep her alive towards me. Once I found out who your Mother really was after I did some mating behavior manipulation onto your Father in the morning."
He kept the Guardian ability active to narrow his eyes aimed at the Queen.
She kept talking sounding of nervousness to him "Unfortunately your Father had recently put sound recorders placed into private residences including our bedroom. The recorders caught me in the act multiple times of manipulating him to talk via mating ways. It also including overhearing what questions I used onto him. He wound up using the recordings in some blackmail scheme to counterattack my poisoning him. Your Father used the recordings onto me whenever I gave out orders of assassinations towards your Mother he refused to carry out."
He glared at the Queen while willing aside the Guardian ability. 
She continued talking "I do confess that his reasons for keeping me home instead of taking me along for the King's Day celebration is that we had a terrible fighting argument. Your Father threw divorce into my face and ordered me and Olga out of the house immediately. I sort of said something insulting towards your Father. It's just prior to him kicking me out of the residence which was along the lines about wishing for Hades to cause his plane to crash and take him away. This wish from your talk on Hades appears I got my wish to happen."
Guardian went to sit down next to the Queen after she paused to find a plate full of food placed in front of him along with two cups. He felt himself fine enough to take in nourishment proceeded to do. He finding the food and drinks were normal Egyptian nourishment involving the Mahalia nation. He kept the glare aimed at the Queen. 
He took in nourishment to get from her "Out with it now Victor on what you're implying."
He paused from eating to speak "Why was your appearance altered despite carrying Olga? I didn't see this appearance altered from my Mother who looks like any of the natives of Mahalia other than not looking like an actress's looks."
Guardian glared at the Queen as he continued to eat his food.
The Queen spoke "Actually my appearance was twin to a Northern Columbian when I arrived to Mahalia as a little girl from Megiddo. I grew up in Republic state hence my accent. 
Once I was the legal age I had my appearance altered to look like one of those actresses in Mahalia focused onto the chest, the hair color. The body which was from starving myself hence I looking rail thin. The starving myself status caused havoc within my system while I was carrying Olga. She did really drink blood from within me actually hence I bedridden a lot along with given lots of blood transfusions. 
The hair color was from some bleach dye used to dye my hair. 
My chest was actually implants I used some mating ritual onto a doctor to implant me with them for free. I later broke off the relationship once I was implanted with them. The doctor told me to tell other females seeking implants to treat him in some mating way for free implants. I wound up doing as a result. 
My name is really Svetlana Kremenova despite your Father using the Queen Georgina identity onto the public when introducing me to the natives."
He spoke while jabbing a fork aimed at her "Anna Kremenova who's she?"
He glared at her to hear from the Queen "She's my niece also has a pouch brother herself, through my pouch brother actually. My Mother carried my brother and me together at the same time. My brother was taken out first via surgical method followed by me taken out after him. 
As for Anna Kremenova, I don't think she knows of me being her Aunt or she wouldn't have gone around publicity pretending to be my daughter. She would have used another method to gain money from me instead of that daughter like status in question.
It is what my brother is using towards me. He knows who I am and has used some pouch connection towards me to figure out where I'm hiding enough to demand money from me. I haven't gotten the faintest idea what he does with that money in question. 
Besides my pouch brother has successfully managed to hide himself from me that I have no idea where's he's hiding or if he's working here among us. He's always using various disguises whenever confronting me for money. He using certain words that I know instantly that he's my pouch brother by the wording used. That triggers my senses to indicate him as that person."
Guardian kept on taking in the nourishment as the Queen paused to look away. He saw her lean over a bassinet to pick up Nicky he heard unexpectedly was wailing loudly. Nicky from the noises, that appeared to get calmed down from her holding the baby by hearing soft cooing sounds. He eyed the Queen who kissed Nicky on the forehead. She, he saw appeared to rock the baby with her arms' swinging in a slow move while looking a look aimed at the offspring with a look he recognized. 
He sighed softly as he continued to eat his food till everything was consumed. Then sipped his drinks of milk from the taste he finding his senses refused to blare as he sipped the liquid. Guardian cleared his throat to get the Queen looking at him with a frown.
Guardian spoke "Have you arranged a meeting with Olivia Madison is your daughter's name with her yet? I was led to believe that you wanted to meet her."
Guardian frowned to get the Queen grimacing in response followed by she speaking "Alright I admit it I did try to arrange meetings with Olivia as you call her once I had your Father into some poisoned status. Unfortunately this deity answering to the name of Daisuke Yamato has repeatedly balked letting me meet Olivia. He has said to me that he was responsible for the assassination of the bodyguard targeting me inappropriately. He claims it's by some mental ability involved stopping the heart organ. 
Daisuke used this assassination as reason why I wasn't allowed to see Olivia as his payment price. Including getting her as his wife another payment price for keeping her alive he threatened to assassinate. 
Daisuke wound up demonstrating some hand mental assassination ability onto one of my bodyguards during a confrontation. The bodyguard didn't make it and got light extinguished. He claims that he put Olivia's Mother raiser down into some assassination method. Once it was obvious she was suffering too much from cancer raging through her system that was giving her a slow death. 
He also claims that Olivia knew of this assassination hence she seen appearing to dominate the marriage and relationship to people's presences. She, according to Daisuke, was using that light extinguished status as reason why she's the dominator of the relationship."
Guardian frowned as the Queen paused from talking to hold a hand towards' Nicky's outstretched hands to see one of the baby's hands gripped her fingers in a tight grip.
She added once he was done drinking his milk "So tell me does this Guardian of Life and Death you're talking about. Does it only focuses onto keeping Egyptia's planetary functions perfect to the planetary world's standards?"
He sighed to hear "She admitted what Daisuke told her to keep quiet. He's aware that she talked towards you. He won't do a thing about it but he will if she tells anyone else of this talk. The bodyguards aren't allowed in the dining room actually."
Guardian sighed again as Yerra stopped talking with his mind to speak from memory flashing within him "The Guardian of Life and Death ability appears to be aimed at whoever is causing destruction towards Egyptia. I don't spare anyone harm from doing that destruction even if it causes assassination towards that person in question. I'll do what it takes to protect Egyptia period."
He leaned back into the chair to glare at the Queen who frowned before speaking "What about manoids who are appearing to be deathless that can't be assassinated by normal means and immune to medical ailments?"
He inhaled a breath to speak firmly "You're question is related towards removing a certain annoying deity isn't it? Admit it my Queen."
Guardian folded his arms while eyeing the Queen who appeared to gulp before she spoke "This deity when he forbidden me from meeting Olivia, spoke his words in some jokey voice tone including giving off some laughter like sounds in my presence. He refused to explain his behavior towards me. He instead used a threat of light extinguishing Olivia if I were successful in meeting her while speaking in some laughing like voice tone. It really annoyed me when he spoke his threat in that tone hence I thinking he's doing that forbidding to spite me on something I'm not sure what it is."
He spoke "Wouldn't this deity figure out that you poisoned my Father enough to punish you by this forbidding status threat thrown at you?"
Guardian eyed the Queen who formed a grimace on her face followed by a light show. He grimaced seeing Daisuke wearing clothes of a Samira standing next to him having an all black eyed glare while holding a hand curling it into a fist aimed at the Queen. He frowned as the Queen in a fast move placed Nicky into the bassinet and clawed her throat while appearing to be gasping for air.
He heard from Daisuke "You think I won't find out what you're doing towards Nikolas? Such as poisoning him to do whatever madness you wanted? Don't try to meet Olivia period or anything threatening towards me for I'll find out. Believe me you'll receive a lot more than what I'm doing towards you. Now hand me the baby."
Guardian frowned as the Queen shook her head in a no gesture while appearing to be breathing fine followed by Daisuke speaking "Don't tempt me to cause a feeling of deadness to hit your legs. You'll find yourself crippled till I remove that feeling so hand me the baby. I know the baby belongs to Olivia and don't think of any excuses to not to hand him to me."
He frowned eyeing the Queen who appeared to gulp before leaning over to pick up Nicky and handed the baby towards Daisuke who gripped.
Guardian heard from Daisuke "Oh Olga's son I regret to say had his light extinguished. He was suffering too much in pain according to Olivia who insisted that I put him down despite she upset about it."
He saw Daisuke disappear in a light show to get the Queen speaking "Bloody Hades that stupid deity didn't remove that deadness feeling from my legs. I'm now crippled thanks to that stupid idiot."
Guardian frowned as the Queen stopped her chatter to lean back into the chair and saw her folded her arms she looking angry to him. 
He mentally yelled "Yerra! Tut!"
He got his mind scanned sense activating to hear "Daisuke is telling the truth about Olga's son put down. He put the offspring down himself once the baby was indicating it was going to be hospitalized with various medical ailments. It's something Olivia is having a hard time accepting at the moment. 
Mister Yamato thinks Nicky being her son would help her get over her upset mood. Unfortunately Olivia via mind scans wants another baby via mating way of her carrying it and not via adoption. Too bad Days as she refers him is going to find his plan of giving his wife Nicky backfire onto him. Olivia won't accept an adoption of another baby period. Her mind is made up from scanning her."
Guardian felt Yerra leave his mind to focus onto the Queen who grumbled loudly "Bloody Hades."
He frowned eyeing her as she kept repeating her comment over and over with pauses from the talk. Guardian sighed and made a motion to get up only to see a light show to find Daisuke looking nervous while still holding Nicky. Daisuke he saw thrust the Queen the baby who gripped with a confused expression. He saw the male wave a hand aimed at her before giving off a loud groan. He frowned as Daisuke disappeared in a light show to eye the Queen looking confused.
Guardian spoke "Something tells me that Olivia didn't accept Nicky hence this deity returning the baby and looking nervous. I get the feeling that Olivia prefers this deity to Father her baby via mating way instead of adoption."
He clamped his mouth shut to eye the Queen who stood up before sitting down and heard her groan loudly. 
She heard speaking "You're right on that view. Olga has been whining on wanting another baby via mating way soon after her son was taken away. She has refused to have anything to do with Nicky and his care. 
Olga instead has left me to care for him by myself with help from your Mother who seems to know how to care for him. I'm not entirely sure of the whole story your Mother regarding when she was pregnant with you. I keep getting put off from asking, by Herod getting angry at me, whenever I bring up the subject towards your Mother in his presence. 
Herod keeps confronting me in some angry manner after I keep asking your Mother of this carrying status in private without him there. She has refused to answer my question instead has acted like a wall staring at me with some fearful look on her face.
Herod seems to have some kind of psychic ability involving whenever I'm alone with his wife. He barging onto us using the twin appearing ability this deity Daisuke used to be in my presence."
Guardian frowned hearing the Queen's words as his senses blared warning unexpectedly to hear "Herod so nice of you to join us."
He heard the sarcasm in the Queen's voice as he saw her looking pass him. He looked behind him to spot Herod there that had a glare on his face with arms folded. 
Guardian frowned forming it on his lips as he eyed Herod who he heard spoke "Interesting choice of words My Queen."
Guardian heard the sarcasm in Herod's voice tone frowned to mentally call for the Meritanians to get "Busy, working on a situation. Sorry can't help now."
He frowned as he eyed the Queen in response to hear loudly "Crazy."
He kept the frown getting a smirk from the Queen despite hearing his Mother's voice speaking that word making him confused. Guardian felt sleepiness hitting him placed his head onto the table onto his arms and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious.

Part Two: Down

Guardian wound up to come to feeling himself in a box metal all around and naked of clothes. Guardian grimaced as images came to his mind he thrusting his fist into his open mouth to keep himself from screaming loudly. He saw the box was highlighted of green all over he figured was night vision. Guardian removed his fisted hand to quit his screaming as he looked around feeling himself annoyed with the Meritanians for playing a joke onto him again. He grunted as he bounced all around in the metal box banging himself onto the walls of it. He adjusted his position to keep from bouncing finding the box was only length wise for his height and body width. Guardian felt himself annoyed as the box slammed down onto something with a loud thud and bang thump felt. He glared at one of the walls of the box in front of him as there were squealing of metal heard. He blinked his eyes from the glare of sunlight shining cutting off his green night vision to spot humanoids with green skin in shades of green colors and green outfits yanked him out of the box into daylight. He finding himself aboard some military sea vessel from the looks of the airplanes there and thrust clothes to wear he finding were of an orange jumpsuit. Guardian put on the jumpsuit along with expertly zipping it up. He found himself handcuffed and pushed and pulled with a blindfold placed over his eyes till his seat hit something soft he frowning what it was. He felt himself again chained by wrapping around his ankles and neck followed by a sound of squeaking as he felt himself in motion gliding over the ground.
He figured to himself "I'm in chair that has wheels."
Guardian felt something sticky placed over his mouth and nose making him annoyed with that feeling. It felt like an oxygen mask to him as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Guardian came to feeling himself in a standing position naked with arms above his head having manacles over his wrists while still wearing a blind fold. 
He grimaced from a stinky smell underneath his nose spoke "Ugh."
He brought his face away from the stink which persisted. 
He heard clapping noises followed by "Enough of the potion now. Take that stink away since its obvious he's not going to drink it."
Guardian frowned hearing the voice for it sounded electronic and female in odd tones that weren't of Mahalia to him. 
He frowned with his lips in that expression as he heard from the voice "What name have you called yourself now?"
Guardian spoke recognizing the language as Meg a part of the Columbia nation's island Megiddo to speak in twin language "Depends on what you mean by your question. I've gone with multiple names-"
He was interrupted by feeling pain hitting his back making him grimace cutting off his talk as the voice was heard "I didn't say for you to talk Guard Beers as you call yourself. That despite the Man of Cloth giving you that odd name of Yevgeny Alexander Visser."
He exhaled a breath to frown on his lips as the voice paused then continued "What do you have to say about calling yourself Guardian of Life and Death like some crazy lunatic?"
He clamped his mouth shut in a thin line to hear a faint roaring noise sounding in his mind making him confused to why he was hearing it. He saw an empty wall flash in his mind with some rocky wall hitting it trying to keep it up despite its attempts to go down.
Guardian frowned keeping his mouth in a thin line as the voice repeated its question which he spoke "Oh for crier's sakes!'
He saw the rocky wall stop hitting the see through wall to see it come down he feeling an odd feeling hitting him as he felt pain hit his back again.
Guardian heard "Spill it now on this Guardian of Life and Death you've been sprouting!"
He saw fully in his mind of images making him confused to concentrate onto them fully to find that they cleared up into one image of Herod he recognized speaking in Mahalian language.
He concentrated onto Herod speaking "The Queen has from mind scans of her has both the ability of a Compeller and an Immunes an actual hybrid of one. She has managed to manipulate the Mahalia's natives to believe that there's a King in position by recorder broadcasts of you kept on flaunted all over the place. The Queen still intends to rule Mahalia underneath her influence despite my warnings of Brittany sending a male to court her in a courtship to gain the nation underneath their rule which is what their doing at the moment. She is still power mad at the moment and doesn't care for anything but her own thinking of ruling Mahalia underneath her influence. I can't say much more but you've been sent to Megiddo to a battle group by Mahalia's sea forces having a base there for interrogating you as a lunatic and not doing what the Queen wants you to do. I'll contact later."
He grunted as he felt pain hit his back like electrical zapping as the image of Herod in his mind went out unexpectedly as he heard via ears "Don't daydream smarty. I'll have you suffer more pain if you don't talk on what this Guardian of Life and Death is now!"
Guardian felt the ability still within his mind not itching to take control as he heard a faint roaring sound within him making him further confused. 
He spoke in Megiddo's language of Meg "That depends on what I should tell you. I'll be telling you what you want to hear or don't want to hear. Either way I'll be a lunatic to you anyway."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear "Argh, let him see where he is now!"
He frowned as he felt the blind fold yanked off his eyes to blink them to stare finding himself underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness while hearing a faint bubbling sound below him. He frowned as he looked below to find his feet on a small platform standing on it appearing to be some diving board from the bouncing feel. He frowned to eye the ground down below was a pool of hot lava to him from the looks of it that was slowly swirling in a circle while in a whirlpool like gesture. Guardian exhaled a breath feeling the heat hitting him abruptly as the platform his feet was on removed itself leaving him dangling over the pool of lava by the manacles digging into his wrists. He looked up and with great strength grabbed the chain's bar lifting himself up to his waist and looked around. 
He glared as he found at the edge of the pool was a machinery like tubal ball that flashed red lights while hearing the familiar electronic voice speaking "That's not going to help you Mister Beers. All I have to do is press a button and you'll drop into the pool melting yourself to death."
Guardian spoke loudly "Mister Beers? So you made up your mind on what name to call me hmm?"
He glared at the machine to hear "Don't tempt me to have you drop into the pool whatever name you're going around as that other than that ridiculous name of Guard Beers."
Guardian spoke loudly while tightening his holds onto the bar "I agree that name is ridiculous too."
He felt the bar lower itself towards the pool in a jerking move which made him grab the bar's chain to keep on climbing it away from the area. He felt the jerking stop to his relief to glare at the machine finding himself still on the same height with that thing but felt the heat became more blaring. 
He glared at the machine who spoke "Bad move Mister Beers. The chain's bar is inside the pool which the heat should travel up to your hands enough to make you let go and fall into it."
He looked down finding the machine wasn't kidding on what it was talking about. 
Guardian glared at the machine as he felt warmth from the metal hitting his hands and body touching the chain. 
He spoke sounding firm "I already survived a helicopter crash explosion, poisoning of liquid and I'll survive this pool's crap."
He glared at the machine as he heard nothing in response as he released his hands and body off the chain to fall down below to hear a bang sound along with grunting once his back hit something metallic instead of the pool's substance to his annoyance. Guardian swung himself up with a karate move to find the pool had a see through cover appearing to be made out of some metal. 
He glared above him at the machine to see it blink red while hearing "Bad move Mister Beers. All I can do is press a button and withdraw the pool's cover and you'll fall through."
Guardian spoke with a firm voice "Fine go ahead and do that instead of telling me how bad my moves are. I'm sick of hearing you telling me that."
He glared at the machine to feel a thump as he felt the pool's cover raising in response to find himself getting within eyesight of the machine. 
Guardian glared at the machine in response as he heard "Don't stand there knock him out now! The Eli is indicating a problem so put him asleep now!"
Guardian kept his mouth shut as he grunted from the sleepiness shut his eyes. He felt himself floating in something watery unexpectedly to his confusion and then passed out unconscious.

Guardian came to hearing voices jabbering in gibberish along with Herod's familiar voice sounding angry in twin language tones he hearing it appearing to be an argument. He frowned for the voices sounded like a lengthy argument till he heard grunting noises followed by a Compeller language speaking words he found himself understanding.
He heard "I order the Guardian of Life and Death automatically immune to all Compellers' voice orders for only my voice in Compeller tones can belay that order."
Guardian frowned as he heard nothing else passed out unconscious to hear a sound of a weeping noise loudly making him jerk open his eyes with a start. He found himself lying in a bedroom he didn't recognize he seeing his Mother seated at the bed next to him while holding his hand and crying tears. Guardian frowned eyeing his Mother as he felt himself clad in nothing but a blanket covering him up to his chest. 
He eyed his Mother warily who quit weeping to speak noticing him staring "My Herod has gone off Egyptia with those servants of Egyptians in your place."
Guardian groaned softly hearing that as she continued "Herod sacrificed himself for you to remain in Egyptia doing what's important for Mahalia his words not mine."
He frowned fully to speak sensing the Meritanians were manipulating him from senses blaring "Why did Herod kept you from answering questions regarding carrying me?"
He clamped a free hand over his mouth while eyeing his Mother with a frown.
Guardian got from her "Because you were implanted inside me medically."
He removed his hand to place it over her hand holding his right hand as she continued "Your Mother's carrying Olga gave your Father ideas on how to craft a male heir for the title."
Guardian spoke "What do you mean your Mother carrying Olga anyway?"
He frowned to get from her "The Queen is your Mother actually despite I used to carry you."
He stiffened of shock hitting him as she kept talking ignoring his stiffening "A piece of your mother joined with two males your father and Herod himself was implanted inside me that created you to existence. I had quite a difficult pregnancy as a result that required lots of bed rest despite you not draining from me like what happened to your mother carrying Olga. Instead you were stealing my nourishments enough to grow healthy inside me while I got thinner and thinner enough to not gain weight hence the bed rest. The excuse of this Victoria Lynn was used to keep this implantation bit out of the public's eye something your father didn't want to admit to the public about like any other King in position-"
Guardian interrupted "Then what's with me raised by a mid wife and thrown in various ridiculous situations involving me and my lifestyle?"
He frowned to get a glare from Jacinda he assumed he'll call her to get her speaking "Your father did wanted you in his life but he was fearing of you being a spoiled brat and looking at people negatively something that's happened to Olga judging by the way your mother raised her to be."
Guardian frowned forming it on his lips while eyeing Jacinda who got up removing her hand from his hands' grip and adding "You should be sleeping now. You need your rest Robert."
He frowned at the name of Robert as she forced his eyes shut in response to feel himself manipulated to keep them shut by the Meritanians. He wound up to obey to the sensation along with making himself appear to be sleeping by the expression on his face and deep breathing.
He heard loudly "Missus James, kindly tell the truth of Robert's carrying status now!"
He heard the Queen's voice sounding angry using a Compeller's voice talent tone to get Jacinda speaking everything she told him speaking it to the Queen in a firm voice tone. Guardian felt urged to roll over obeyed to do it despite hearing a Compeller's voice ordering him to do which he obeyed to throw the blanket over his head covering his form from head to foot. He listened to the Queen's voice using compeller's tones demanding Jacinda to tell the truth on him being carried by her only to hear Jacinda's voice sounding firm after each compelling what she told him twin talk over and over. 
Guardian grimaced fully on his face as he heard loudly "My Queen I suggested you quit that interrogation. It's obvious that Missus James is talking underneath her husband's compeller voice influence's programming he must have said towards her before he disappeared off Egyptia with those freaks."
He breathed deeply to hear "Nevertheless prepare Victor to those freaks now! I want him out of Mahalia and off Egyptia now!"
He stiffened as the Queen spoke in a Compeller's voice tone her order while feeling the blanket removed from his face along with a needle injected into his neck. He feeling himself falling unconscious while again still finding himself floating in a water tank from the feel along with sleepiness hitting him. 

Guardian woke up feeling a hand patting his cheek while feeling an odd feeling he wasn't sure what it was while naked of clothes lying onto hot sand that was feeling like burning his back. He jerked open his eyes to find leaning over him was a crowned male he recognized that woke up Owen from a Hades' status. He gave the male a glare as he swung himself up with an acrobatic move to stand with arms folded while glaring at the crowned figure.
He found the male flared Daisuke's all black eyes and speaking "You disgust me on forgetting how to expel drugs from your system by the looks of you indicating it."
He turned his back in response and rolled his eyes ignoring the male's creepy voice tone and felt all the drugs within his body out of his body's system before resuming to face the male with arms folded. 
Guardian gave the male a glare who spoke "The name is Lance Richard ruler of the Isle of Forbidden where you have taken residence in on a permanent basis till Egyptia has no use for you is when you can leave."
He exhaled a breath finding Lance Richard he assumed he'll call him wasn't kidding on what he was saying by the firmness of the male's voice tone. 
He eyed Lance Richard warily who added "Use your nose to smell where the restless natives are living at the moment. I'm too busy to help you on this matter excuse me."
He frowned as Lance Richard he saw jumped off a cliff overhang he saw was over a large lake and fell into it feet first. He looked around to discover that he would have to copy Lance Richard's way off the area due to finding himself in a narrow cave with no opening inside. Guardian sighed and without a word jumped only to see a gonoid unsure of the name pop out of the lake with mouth open wide appearing to want to catch him as its nourishment. He gave off a sound of disgust as he fell into the gonoid's mouth feeling himself sliding inside a tunnel of slime and skin like walls all over the place seemingly lengthy to him. He felt himself further disgusted as the slimy mess got into his mouth making him swallow some of it repeatedly while sliding around all over. Till he felt he had an enough of the sliding felt himself airborne out of the tunnel to land into a water with a loud splash sound. He coughed up the sliminess while underwater he seeing it was a small lake from the looks of it and forced himself to stand up while gagging loudly. 
He frowned as his nose smelled something stinky making him annoyed to fold his arms and swear "Bloody Hades to Lance Richard!"
Guardian heard a clapping noise in response as he looked off his right to find Lance Richard the hands' source who spoke while showing Egyptian blue eyes "Come along while I show you where you're to wipe that mess off of you that gonoid did onto you for that eating."
He glared at Lance Richard stomped a foot into something slimy and smelly making him further disgusted as he snarled while stomping towards the male "Don't tell me that gonoid was an Egyptian eater."
He glared at Lance Richard as he halted to reach the male who spoke while holding his nose "Egyptia has purposes for manoids living here. Some of those manoids I favor aren't spared the death sentence despite it took me awhile to figure that out. It appears that you're spared of that death sentence despite she throwing you into a manoid's trap."
Guardian gave up a sound of disgust loudly to get from Lance Richard again still holding his nose to his annoyance "Come along while I show you where you're to get rid of that stinky mess you're displaying. It's disgusting."
He mentally spoke to himself "Manoid's death traps. I hope it's the last time I'm going through such trap like that."

Guardian found his thought was for nothing as he found himself suffering multiple manoid's death traps over and over while on the way to the ocean as said by Lance Richard. 
He once arriving to the beach yelled loudly "I get the message that you Egyptia is angry at me hence those stinking manoid death traps you keep throwing me into! So quit it now and leave me in peace!"
He heard from Lance Richard in response still using the nasal voice "Aw just get yourself into the ocean and wash that crap off now."
Guardian obeyed to get himself into the ocean only to realize with a start that he was led to another manoid's death trap this time belonging to sea wasps stinging him all over the place with their tentacles. He glared at Lance Richard once he was fully out of the ocean to stomp towards the male finding the crowned ruler going into the beach's ground and saw a burrowing form onto the beach he followed only to lose it once it reached the jungle. He peered through the jungle warily to find a lake down below where he saw Lance Richard swimming in the water that swam towards the shore and got onto it and walked off out of sight. 
He glared to snarl mentally "Lance Richard must have figured who I was and was trying to kill me off hence he leading me to those stinking manoid's death traps. Bloody Hades! Wait till I have a word with that idiot!"
He waved a fist in the direction Lance Richard left and went to the beach to sit on the hot burning sand ignoring the burning on his seat. He sulked with annoyance running through him as he recalled fully in his mind what he was supposed to be doing as the Guardian of Life and Death. 
Guardian picked up some sand and threw it up in the air as he snarled loudly "You Egyptia didn't do anything towards me when I killed my mother raiser but had the Meritanians manipulate me when I killed Budge. So quit being angry at me because I'm furious with myself."
He glared at the ocean as he heard a clapping noise sounding loudly only to blink his eyes finding his eyes staring at an overhead shining round light onto him making him squint. He squinted feeling some kind of restraint onto his form keeping him in a standing ramrod straight position with arms and legs spread. Guardian grunted as he felt the restraint holding his face up facing the light removed itself followed by blinking his eyes. Guardian saw with his shock Herod standing still wearing his uniform with a sinister look on his face and eyes making him annoyed. 
He glared at Herod finding the male cocked his head before hearing blasting within his mind "Admit it that you're the Guardian of Life and Death now!"
He stiffened feeling the blasting wasn't of the Meritanians but of some other mind walker as he glared with angry rising through him. He felt the blasting continued by the voice kept on blaring within his mind. Guardian willed forwards the Guardian's ability and got the voice cutting itself off. 
He spoke firmly voicing his words "I do what it takes to protect Egyptia from harm. I do what it takes to make the planet's natives know that the planet comes first than manoids second as Egyptia orders."
Guardian willed aside his Guardian's ability as he glared at Herod who he saw held up a tubal device and shifted form into Daisuke to his annoyance. 
He again got the blasting within his mind "Talk on who you really are now!"
Guardian spoke firmly "I come in many names but one is Guardian of Life and Death."
He glared at Daisuke who again shifted form to the Queen to his annoyance again got the familiar voice blaring in his mind "Who's this Yevgeny Alexander Visser you appear to be as broadcasted by Mahalia's natives of you taking the King title?"
Guardian spoke still using the firm voice tone "Yevgeny Alexander Visser is the name a man of cloth named me when crowning me King of Mahalia. The natives of Mahalia aren't willing to take a female as their leader hence that broadcast to assure them that there's a King in position. I hear that Brittany nation keeps on broadcasting propaganda on retaking the Mahalia nation underneath their rule repeatedly over and over. Shouldn't you have seen that?"
He glared at the Queen who shifted form into Daisuke to his annoyance and again got that familiar voice blaring in his mind "Who's Budge that you're referring to?"
He spoke firmly "Just some drunkard with that name I murdered for crashing his car into my mother raiser's car in some highway while driving the wrong way. My mother raiser died from me manipulating her to have a peaceful death instead of a life as put down by poison. The drunkard Budge got away with the crash by judgment of one year of psychiatrist counseling something I didn't agree with and killed him as a result. His death is still considered a murder despite me calling it suicide to the cops. What's with this ridiculous interrogation anyway?"
Guardian glared at Daisuke who pocketed the tubal device and flared an all black eyed look while waving a hand towards him. He found the restraints holding him in place released themselves which he fell towards the ground to land with a grunt sound onto his knees. He forced himself to stand in a fast move finding Daisuke still there with arms folded and still displaying his familiar all black eyed look to his disgust to give of that sound. 
Guardian got from Daisuke speaking his creepy voice tone "Anything else you want my Queen you want to know on Victor?"
He exhaled a breath hearing that from Daisuke to glare in response as if drawn towards a black window while folding his arms and narrowing his eyes with accusation. 
He glared at the window ignoring Daisuke to hear mentally blaring in his mind "This scene of your confession was taped. I suggested that you do what I says regarding you ruling Mahalia or else."
Guardian kept on glaring at the window in response he sensed his mind scanned from the senses blaring as he heard nothing from the mental voice he keeping his mind blank in response. He glared at the window to hear nothing from the mental voice as the mind walker quit scanning to his relief to feel sleepiness hitting him. Guardian shut his eyes again feeling himself floating in a water tank he figured he was in it as he passed out unconscious. 

Guardian came to finding himself lying in bed hearing the familiar alarm clock blaring in his ear. He lurched up into a sitting position with a start to find the butler standing off his bed that removed the alarm clock's device and placed it onto the bed's table. He glared at the butler who made a Tsk sound he ignored as he got up from the bed finding himself naked and not covered by the blankets. He ignored the butler to storm into the bathroom showering fully in the shower stall sensing his mind scanned in the process. 
Guardian snarled mentally "What do you want?!"
He heard in response "Egyptia has plans for you. It doesn't matter what the natives do towards you as long as you do what she orders you to do period."
He snarled despite hearing Yerra's voice "Then tell Egyptia to go shove it!"
Guardian glared at the shower wall as he forced himself out of the shower to again feel his mind still scanned to hear mentally "Ooh you're in a grouchy mood with the latest stunt Sylvia played onto you."
He frowned to mentally speak while drying himself with a towel roughly "Who is Sylvia anyway?"
He got from Tut in response "Sylvia Budge the sister of Budge the guy you killed is the Queen herself."
He heard nothing more from the Meritanians as he felt his mind quit scanned stomped out of the bathroom to glare at the butler while tossing aside the towel onto a dresser and went to his clothes lying on the bed. Guardian got the butler assisting him on how to put on the fancy suit and noticed that his bullet proof vest wasn't among the items he found on the bed making him annoyed. He once done dressed found the butler balking on giving him nourishment despite he glaring at the male.
Guardian glared to get from the butler "I'm to lead you to the eating room where you're to eat."
He didn't say a word followed the butler to the eating room to find the Queen there that was holding Nicky she giving the baby faces who cooed out laugh sounds she ignored him and his arrival. Guardian went to sit down and without another word ate and drank his food finding his appetite hearty he finding nothing wrong with the nourishment to indicate poison to him. He sat back in the chair with arms folded as he eyed the Queen he noticed was giving him a glare while noticing Nicky was gone from her arms. Guardian kept his mouth shut in response as he felt the familiar mind scanning sense blare in his mind. He kept his mind blank in response as he glared at the Queen in response to notice her eyes appearing to look blue in Egyptian style weren't really looking at him. 
Guardian spoke loudly "Something I can do for you, Mother?"
He glared at the Queen to feel the mind scanning quit to his relief as she spoke "Mother? What's with that?"
He spoke firmly what Jacinda told him regarding his creation and she carrying him including adding "It's probably a dream that I dreamed this anyway hence my bad mood at the moment."
Guardian shrugged in response to keep the glare aimed at the Queen who's eyes narrowed by the eye lids but her blue eyes didn't meet his eyes he feeling his mind not scanned to his relief. He kept glaring at the Queen who broke off the staring as he heard Nicky's loud wailing sound to notice Olga dart behind the female and appeared to be running out of sight. He heard nothing from the Queen about Olga as the female lifted up Nicky and appearing to try to sooth the baby from his loud wailing noises by giving him faces. 
Guardian felt himself disgusted looked away to glare at the wall as he heard Nicky's wailing stop followed by cooing sounds before hearing "That mood is not permitted to be aimed at me so get rid of that bad temper mood now Robert."
He spoke firmly while eyeing the Queen in response "I had a nightmare that seemed pretty bad. The dream won't go away and is making me furious from having lousy attempts to get rid of that."
He resumed glaring at the wall to hear loudly "That's an excuse and you know it Robert."
Guardian shifted to glare at the Queen to snarl loudly the stunts of Lance Richard pulled onto him getting him into manoid's death traps while making it seem like a nightmarish dream. 
He cut his words once done to resumed glaring at the wall to hear from the Queen "Robert O'Neil admit it what's gotten you upset now! Don't deny it for I can hear that voice tone of yours is twin to your sister's!"
He exhaled hearing the Queen to inhale to speak firmly "Why do I get the feeling that there's more to you than your appearance looks hmm?"
He glared at the Queen in response to feel his mind scanned abruptly to mentally yell "Get out of my mind now! I can sense you scanning me! You better be the Queen doing this mind scans and no one else!"
Guardian glared at the Queen to hear blasting in his mind "Yes its I the Queen mind scanning you. You care to tell me how you managed to detect me mind scanning you hmm?"
He mentally spoke in response "Don't tell me this mind scanning bit is a part of being Queen of Mahalia she broadcasting her thoughts to the King speaking this and that."
Guardian kept the glare to hear "Actually this mind scanning is common among Mahalian natives. Mostly among people of the Samira group who pull this stunt onto people they help just to gain information on them and try to wheedle money from them for furthering their obsession with religion at the moment."
He gave off an exhale of a breath as the mind scanning quit to his relief as he inhaled to speak using his voice "What's with a servant of yours seen hiding from you?"
He clamped his mouth shut to get from the Queen verbalizing her words "Your referring to Nicola seen by you but hiding from me. She won't admit it but I suspect that she likes Danny enough to care for him. She keeps on asking me when she can play caretaker towards Danny. Yes something I can do for you Missus James?"
He found Jacinda in the room with head bowed off his right despite his confusion of the strange names used for naming people.
He wound up to hear from her "Miss Olga requests Victor outside for a game of one to one basketball. She emphasized shooting hoops whatever that is and not a physical game."
Guardian eyed the Queen in response to get from her "Simply show Victor where Olga is playing at the moment Victor, your dismissed."
He got up and followed Jacinda out of the eating room to find her leading him outside to the basketball hoop where he spotted Olga clad in little girl adult sized black dressy clothes and high heeled shoes thrusting a ball into a roped hoop from a lengthy distance. 
Guardian went to join Olga to stand next to her and speaking "Nice shooting I guess it's what it's called."
He frowned as Olga gave him a glare while still holding onto one of the balls from a rack and added "Something I should tell you?"
He got thrust the ball onto his front he held and got from Olga "Spill it Victor on that disgusted look you gave me when you laid eyes onto me playing this game."
Guardian exhaled a breath and inhaled "Your outfit is little girl like for you to be wearing for an adult."
He clamped his mouth shut forming a thin line with his lips only to get from Olga "I blame my father for always seeing me as a little girl. He has refused to see me as grown woman."
He spoke "Then why aren't you wearing anything adult like since our father isn't around?"
Guardian frowned eyeing Olga who spoke "Dad's around whether you detect him or not. He's still displaying this little girl attitude towards me regardless of what's he's doing now."
He exhaled a breath and without a word copied Olga to aim the ball towards the roped hoop to see it bounce on the metal before bouncing off of it. 
He spoke "Ugh. I don't get it why our father found this game amusing."
Guardian got thrust a ball again he gripped to eye Olga in response who spoke "This sport is the only thing Dad didn't see me as a little girl too young to play with. I played on school teams for schools I went to for education insisted by Dad to be on the team. I find that Dad always saw me as a woman whenever I play the game with whoever but a little girl doing other stuff. It's the only thing I can control and be myself with. Anything else I have to play some part as a Princess some spoiled brat as insisted by Mother to do this. I didn't care for the spoiled brat behavior anyway. I always tried to be friendly with people regardless of them being friendly with me due to me being the Princess. You're lucky you grew up without the spotlight onto you anyway."
He sighed and without a word joined Olga in throwing balls into the ropey hoop finding himself klutzy with the throwing to his annoyance while his sister made every hoop throw. Guardian quit when he heard a loud wailing sound sounding of Nicky's crying to him. 
He frowned to eye Olga in response to get from her "That's Mother via intercom ordering us back into Peaches and out of playing. She pulled that noise of a baby crying onto Dad whenever he played too long. He always quitting the play to dart inside and see what's the matter with that baby noise. Hence she pulling it onto me and now you as usual."
Guardian didn't say a word in response put the ball back onto the rack and followed Olga inside the house finding she leading to the eating room in the King's residence's quarters. He found the Queen there feeding Nicky nourishment via straw attached to a bottle along with his nose smelled food which made his stomach rumble. Guardian sat down at the table off the Queen's left finding Olga sitting off her mother's right and sipping slowly from a cup that appeared to be brown colored. He found nothing else placed in Olga's spot to indicate her taking any other nourishment as he went to take in his nourishment finding himself able to take in regular food and drink to his confusion. 
He took his time eating the food and drinking it till he heard "Out with it, Victor now."
Guardian paused from his nourishment to speak while eyeing the Queen "Nourishment I'm taking is different from my sister's."
He resumed eating and drinking to hear "Victor, your nourishment is cooked specially for you only to take. You do have nourishment allergies as tested when we threw you into those tests for that just to see what you would take in as nourishment."
Guardian looked down at the food finding it was what he cooked himself but more tastier from the flavor in his mouth along with the drink was some kind of milk to him but seemed to be more smoothly swallowed by sipping instead of having to gulp it down to force himself to get it down.
He spoke once done with the eating during breaks of sipping the milk "Would this allergy have something to do with alcoholic drinks?"
He heard a cough in response to eye Olga who appeared to choke onto her nourishment by her eyes turning all red colored shocking him. 
He frowned to hear loudly "Olga, will that angry mood of yours away now!"
Guardian looked at the Queen finding her glaring at Olga he looked that appeared to resume sipping her nourishment while showing Egyptian black eyes instead of all red colored to his curiosity. 
He frowned to eye the Queen in response to get from her blasting in his mind "No you don't have an allergy towards alcoholic drinks or any dependence onto them like Olga has at the moment. She doesn't like being reminded that she survives on alcoholic drinks regardless of what it is. Her eyes will turn all into one color whenever she's furious with something which is what you should be aware of whenever she's in one of her angry hissy fits as your father called them."
He mentally spoke sensing his mind still scanned "A boy in high school picked onto me in some bullying way giving me lots of suicide themed stuff. A girl got me to go with her to some party in a state forest where there was drinking there. The bully got me to drink some kind of alcoholic drink he claimed was poisoned and left me to die with his friends going off with him. I threw up the drink actually and walked home which a Samira found me and got me into their house and called my mother raiser. It was the night she passed away in a car accident so get out of my mind now."
Guardian glared at the Queen to find her obeying to his mind scans to hear another cough from Olga to look at her having all red eyes while showing her cup was empty of nourishment. 
He spoke after willing forwards his Guardian ability speaking firmly in his creepy voice tone "Nice eyes Olga."
Guardian got from Olga was her tossing her cup behind her back seeing it shatter onto the wall followed by her slouching further into the chair and folding her arms. 
He frowned as he heard unexpectedly "Ladies don't sit like that and you know this Olga."
He stiffened hearing his father's voice to look off his right to find Hades from the looks of him in the room with arms folded that went to stand behind the Queen while putting a hand on her shoulder. 
He saw the Queen appear to gulp by her throat motions as he eyed Hades to find the male still using his father's voice "Greetings Victor so nice to finally meet you. I see you're well acquainted with Olga and Svetlana as she's called."
Guardian gave a head bob in response while eyeing Hades warily who he saw leaned forwards and appeared to be whispering in the Queen's ear he overheard "I'm a male I got needs I need you to fulfill. I'm not taking no from you regardless of what you say. So let the staff know that I picked you for this job, so hand Olga this stinker to take care of while I get you someplace private. I'm itching."
He frowned eyeing the Queen who obeyed handing Nicky to Olga who gripped firmly in her arms and found the female leading Hades out of the room. 
Guardian frowned eyeing Olga in response who spoke "Dad drilled into everyone working here including me and my mother what Hades wants from us he gets it period."
He spoke "I get it your words. What has Hades gotten from you if it's not too bad to talk about it?"
He frowned eyeing Olga who appeared to rock Nicky in a gentle move in her arms before speaking he hearing her using a lower voice tone "Mostly games of basketball against my father which usually backfires on the both of them. They play pretty physical enough to want to get nourishment. Hades habitually feeds onto a staff member while Dad hits the kitchen to gulp down something available which can be anything. Mother having to use the baby cry intercom is a way of getting Dad to quit the game with Hades or whoever just to get him inside the house to see what's going on. It's a trick that has worked onto him and myself as well as always."
Guardian spoke in a low voice tone finding Olga appearing to hear him fine "Sorry for bringing this up but did you really carry an offspring or was that a joke?"
He got Olga's red eyes in response followed by Nicky giving off a loud wailing sound making him grimace. He grimaced fully as Nicky quit his wailing once Olga quit her red eyed look and appeared to be making faces towards the baby. 
He frowned further as Olga after awhile of face making spoke "The offspring carrying was something I thought would make Dad see me as an adult in his eyes. He kept on treating me the same old habit even while I was carrying despite I bed ridden for awhile. The offspring reportedly sucked me from within actually to make me crave nourishment a lot. I was craving all sorts of nourishment which I took in for the first time but my body wasn't absorbing it. It was all going to the offspring actually."
Guardian spoke "I saw our sister whatever name she's referred carrying-"
He was interrupted "Mother refers her as Talia actually and she was carrying Nicky?"
He spoke "Yes I saw her but she appeared to have an easier time with her carrying status. She was active but avoided stairs. I heard from her mother raiser that she had problems with the offspring settling on her bladder enough to expel a lot."
Guardian heard snickering from Olga in response to see her laughing which he felt the Guardian ability in control and not willed away sighed and willed it aside while forming a glare with his Egyptian blue eyes. 
He glared at Olga who quit the laughing before adding "Sorry you look funny with that eyed look actually. Anyway during near the end of my carrying status I was bed ridden and stayed in bed a lot. I'm surprised that Talia had an easier time carrying than I did. I don't get it why she seemed to carry better than I did with my own son. That despite Nicky was tested and habitually likes to drink blood as his nourishment. He has refused other nourishment drinks given to him by spitting out the bottle or straw thrust into his mouth he refusing to take a sip of the nourishment in it."
He sighed softly and heard from Olga after a lengthy pause of talking "That reminds me it's about time I go put Nicky down for a nap. Since Mother is busy I'm expected to take care of him and his needs. Hades is always physical whenever he wants something done like those games. He's like a machine keeps on doing this physical act no matter what it is for too much time till he gets bored or too hungry to bother doing it anymore and then does something else."
Guardian exhaled a breath and without a word followed Olga out of the eating room to find her going to a bedroom door to stick her ear onto it while giving a head bob and then walking towards an open doorway he followed. He found Olga halted the walk to give him a red eyed glare and a hand wave towards him in a shooing gesture. He sighed and walked away out of the King's residence quarters to find his familiar teenaged bedroom was outside the door leading to the hallway to the area. 
He went to the door to feel a hand tapping him on the shoulder along with hearing "You have duties as King that requires daily meetings in the office along with public outings to the public to show that Mahalia is safe from Brittany nation's machinations."
He sighed softly hearing the firmness of the voice he figured belonged to a bodyguard and without a word went to the office to get inside finding the staff already inside but this time a different male was holding the General position of Herod. He went inside the office hearing the doors shut behind him and went to sit down at the King's chair at the desk.
Guardian spoke loudly in a loud firm voice "Enlighten me on your reports now."
He formed a glare while folding his arms and eyed each staff member to find them indicating towards the new General by their behavior. 
He spoke "Pleased to meet you General. For the record what name you wish to be referred as?"
He eyed the General to hear a loud ahem sound in the room to get from the male "For respects the name as referred is always Herod for the military's leader for Mahalia."
Guardian spoke sounding firm "My father wanted me not to be raised as a spoiled brat who got everything what they wanted. Instead I was taught to learn like a normal person who didn't know anything about my heritage of being the King's son including what the King titled duties involved. I was home schooled for most of my life tutored by various tutors while raised by a midwife. The midwife in question traveled all over Mahalia hence I unable to attend school for any learning to be done. I went to a high school after my mother raiser's light was extinguished once I was at the declared age of seventeen. She didn't celebrate birthdays with me anyway. She always uses various all over the place dates to have me declared an age. Anyway I went to a high school and once I was at the declared age of nineteen I was kicked out using my age as reason why I should be out of school. I worked so far three physical jobs, involving factory work, a doorman of a building, and being a bouncer of a female only bar-"
He heard an ahem noise interrupting him which he added once the voice quit "Report on what I should know now."
He formed a glare to get another ahem noise which he spoke recalling his crowning ceremony "What is the public's reaction towards me being their King as in crowning and surviving some kind of weird helicopter crash?" 
Guardian heard from the new Herod he assumed he'll refer him "Actually the public has managed to get brave enough to seek out the air travel route again. You seen surviving the helicopter crash has given them the courage to travel via airway route. Their reaction to your crowning was mostly of relief. They were heard commenting of you having some resemblance to the Queen of having twin looks via facial appearance."
He shifted to glare at Herod to get from the General speaking "Your facial appearance after meeting you is twin to the Queen which is what the public is commenting about. Their claiming that a surrogate was used to carry you after the Queen reportedly had a miscarriage carrying the second daughter fathered by someone else."
He kept his mouth shut in response to continue on glaring at Herod who appeared to gulp before adding "Alright I admit it that your father had your face and body form given prosthetics that were realistically put onto you after you had your arm operation to fix your injury."
Guardian kept the glare as Herod continued talking "Someone a police officer unknown to this day found out about the disguise trick managed to get the police at where your living to spy onto you repeatedly all over. They even rigged your residences and your jobs you were working with recording devices to record you. Those prosthetics were removed once your father was declared dead in a plane crash."
Guardian kept the glare as Herod quit talking while hearing another ahem sound which he spoke firmly "What's Brittany nation's reaction to me being declared King?"
He resumed glaring at each staff member to hear from the secretary "Still up to their retake attempts at the moment. Their still broadcasting propaganda on retaking Mahalia as usual but this time using a recording of the helicopter crash altered to claim your light extinguished. The public isn't believing that propaganda anyway. It appears you walking out of the helicopter crash alive got spread by word of mouth which that news is all over Mahalia by that fashion."
Guardian didn't say a word in response kept the glare on his face while eyeing each staff member as he heard another ahem sound. 
He spoke "What's the status of finding me a female to marry that isn't of Brittany nation?"
He glared to hear from Herod "Actually this Melinda Long you spoke of isn't a student at the school you attended. She's a grandmother like teacher whose light is already extinguished."
Guardian groaned softly to rub a hand over his eyes while bowing his head to frown as he heard "You will remember who this female you friend at Finely town high school and name included too."
He frowned as he saw clearly in his mind a see through wall hit by a wall of rocks making him confused to think "Walls."
Guardian stiffened as the see through wall went down followed by the wall of rocks disappearing he again finding himself floating in his water tank. He got images fully in his mind he groaned loudly from while feeling himself falling asleep and blinked his eyes.
Guardian blinked his eyes finding himself back in the office and not in the water tank.
He spoke in a groaning tone after fully recalling who the female was "Her name was Chandra Lang as called by the teachers but she referred herself as Melinda Long to myself and students. It's no joke that the students nicknamed her melon. It's no joke that she refused to date me despite friends with me. The principal got a hold of me just prior to kicked out of school and used some Compeller voice tone to forget Chandra and only refer her as Melinda. I blame him for using that Compeller ability to kick me out of school. That's due to attending school one day and barred from entering by the principal who used some Compeller ability onto me to forget going back to school. He used the excuse of me being age nineteen to me as a reason why I shouldn't be in school. I wound up kicked out as a result and registration for a diploma rejected."
He clamped his mouth shut with a frown forming on his face to hear "Tell me more of this Chandra Lang now."
Guardian removed his hand to stare at Herod the speaker who appeared to gulp. 
He spoke "Alright what I said regarding this Melinda Long for the first time is true on what's this Chandra Lang looks like and wears her clothes while attending the school."
He clamped his mouth shut to frown to eye Herod who spoke "Any particular reason why the principal would kick you out of his school?"
Guardian heard in response "You will state the reason why you were kicked out of high school now."
Guardian frowned hearing the Compeller's voice spoke firmly as he recalled the reason why "Someone accused me of forcing mating onto a female and getting her carrying. It was all over the school with that rumor of some male doing that deed. The student some popular female wound up pointed as the one carrying and she proved that. I'm not even sure why but she fingered me as the one who got her carrying despite I wasn't responsible. This female student had a father who paid the school high amounts hence the principal doing what her father said having me kicked out as a result."
He clamped his mouth shut to form a thin line with his mouth while eyeing Herod who appeared to gulp and then heard a baby crying noise making him confused. 
He frowned as Herod spoke "Meeting's over now as stated by the alarm clock making that noise. Excuse me."
He saw Herod fade from view which he got up and without a word walked out of the office sensing bodyguards following him. 
Guardian went to his room only to get a hand tapping his shoulder and heard "Go to the eating room and see if the Queen is done with her business with Hades."
Guardian frowned but obeyed to the guard's comment and found the Queen seated there with Hades giving her a back rub by the looks of it. He frowned but went to sit down next to the Queen while keeping his mouth shut. He noticed the Queen looked tired to him whose eyes kept on blinking shut repeatedly. He frowned eyeing the Queen to see her put her arms onto the table followed by putting her head onto it and appeared to be sleeping to him. Hades he saw continued on the back rub rubbing the Queen's back in a gentle move before quitting to fold his arms and looking at him while giving off a faint growl sound. 
Guardian frowned inwardly as he spoke in a low tone "Shouldn't she be in bed asleep instead of at the table?"
He got from Hades "Admit it Victor on why you were really kicked out of high school now."
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak as if compelled words coming out of his mouth "I was home schooled actually. I attended high school and scored high on their tests. The principal used some excuse of some female carrying as reason why I should be kicked out. Turns out that the school didn't want parents to think that home schooling their kids then later putting their offspring into school for a diploma would work like it was with me."
He clamped his mouth shut to form a thin line while eyeing Hades who spoke "That's not the reason and you know it Victor."
Guardian groaned softly hearing the accusation in Hades' voice tone spoke firmly "That's my reason and I'm sticking with it period."
He glared at Hades that spoke "Robert O'Neil."
Guardian heard Hades' firm voice spoke as if compelled "I was accused of causing a female to end her own light extinguished on an account of mating with her. She found the mating not acceptable ended her own light. What's with this interrogation anyway?"
He glared at Hades with his eyes narrowed to get from the male speaking "Interrogation? It's nothing but the truth actually. So admit it why you couldn't get a diploma hmm?"
He spoke firmly "I was working some factory job during the day while attending college for getting my diploma during the night. The college threw this five class requirement to get a high school diploma to me. I kept hearing that it took only one class to get a diploma and other students flaunting that fact despite the college balking on awarding me one. I already took three of those classes. One female wound up claiming that she was forced into a mating ritual in her car by some male is when the college quit having night classes. I managed to save up a great deal of money to get back into college once I was laid off from my factory job. Thanks to some departed cop I had to blow that money onto caring for a pet some bat cat hybrid I wound up giving up due to the vet claiming some law after some spider infestation happened to the residence I was living. I went to live with my sister not Olga but another sister elsewhere dubbing herself Olivia. It was Olivia who sort of balked on having me attend any local community colleges for getting my diploma. I kept getting that balking done repeatedly by her. Also I didn't live long enough in various states to get back into another community college to get my diploma as required for college students to do. They have to live into states long enough to gain entry into college other than paying a huge monetary price tag for that. I wasn't able to earn enough money for this anyway."
He glared at Hades quitting his talk to hear from the male "Something you want to admit hmm, Robert?"
Guardian frowned to get fully in his mind a memory. 
He saw himself asking a female student of the college he went to at night time "Can I have a ride home from you? I don't like the sound of this weather anyway."
He recalled got from her he recalling her name was Marissa "Certainly just point out the route to your address."
Guardian got into her car and pointed out his home route that led to his residence which on arrival in the parking lot underneath a stormy sky he and Marissa kissed on the lips. He shut his eyes groaning softly as he recalled what happened next was Marissa got a hold of his sensitive part and got himself inside her. He sighed cutting off his groaning to recall Marissa was his first he mated with despite sensing he wasn't her first after he got inside her. He exhaled a breath to recall he managed to spill himself inside Marissa who once he was done got him out of the car. Guardian recalled smiling a smirk before going inside his residence to sleep before the alarm went off signaling a factory work day. 
He heard from Hades finding the male next to him instead of behind the Queen "You reek of female's mating scent from the smell of you."
He sighed softly to speak firmly "I was hugged by a female pointed out to be my mother actually. I never mated with her anyway."
Guardian glared at Hades who leaned forwards thrusting his black face with yellow orbs seen into his face and appeared to be sniffing him from the sniffing sounds made from the male. 
It made him annoyed enough to speak "Your sniffing behavior is making me think you're suspicious of something."
He glared at Hades who quit the sniffing to his relief he heard from the male finding him behind the Queen this time "Actually you reek of her as the Queen told me."
He spoke firmly "I'm an offspring of hers via implantation done onto another female who carried me actually."
Guardian folded his arms to hear from Hades "Olga quit lurking in the doorway and go sit down but at least sit down ladylike now."
He found Olga in the room obeying Hades' order to sit down with arms folded and gave him a glare with red eyes seen.
Guardian spoke "Out with it Olga on what your furious about."
He got from Olga in response "You confirmed what Mother admitted she got from your mother carrying you. I didn't believe it at first but now I do."
He sighed softly but didn't comment a response as Hades he saw used some super speed to get next to Olga and was sniffing her she ignoring the male doing it. Guardian frowned as Hades quit his sniffing to get back behind the Queen using super speed method.
He heard "Well Olga what do you have to say for smelling like one of the guards hmm?"
He groaned softly while eyeing Olga who spoke still displaying her red eyed look "I admit it I'm crazy to want another offspring via mating way hence I targeting the guards with that on my mind. Excuse me while I go attend to Nicky. I left him sleeping in a crib."
Guardian eyed Olga who got up a fast move only to get blocked by Hades who placed a hand on her shoulder and heard from the male "I expect you to dress better than what you're dressing in. I don't want to see you dressed like this again."
Guardian sighed softly as Olga without a word got Hades' hand off her shoulder and stomped out of the room her hearing the door slamming shut with a bang sound. He eyed Hades in response to find the male picking up the Queen who remained sleeping and slung her over his shoulder before walking out of the room hearing the door bang shut. Guardian got up from the chair only to see a female wearing a cook uniform came into the room carrying a tray that formed a nervous expression on her face. He sighed and sat down with a frown while eyeing the female who placed the tray in front of him he finding it only contained his own nourishment and nothing for Olga or the Queen. He sighed and ate the food and drank the drink finding the cook watching him with a narrowed eyed glare on her face with arms folded. Guardian forced himself to take his time eating and drinking the nourishment making sure he consumed it all before getting up to hear a throat clearing noise from the cook. 
He spoke "Thanks for the meal miss."
Guardian got nothing from the cook only to see her pick up the tray and without a word entered the kitchen he assumed was where she went with the door slamming shut with a bang sound. 
He groaned softly without a word left the eating room to meet a bodyguard on the way who spoke "Meeting in the office now."
He obeyed to go to the office to again find the staff members there with the new Herod. 
Guardian went to sit down in the King's chair and folded his arms while speaking firmly "'Report."
Guardian heard from Herod "Actually same old news as usual. Just the usual propaganda by Brittany but this time their blaring some wedding ceremony with your lookalike to a reported princess. This princess isn't a part of the Brittany's royal family but some actress according to spies paid to go around as a member of the Monarchy said to ensnare you into a marriage trap hence their propaganda at the moment."
Guardian groaned softly to rub a hand on his forehead as he spoke while removing the hand "What's the public's reaction to that actually?"
He eyed Herod to hear loudly "Actually the public's reaction is to deny that propaganda's broadcasting by claiming their own daughters would be worthy of being your wife. Hence there's a crowd of females gathered outside the gates with pick me signs included."
He sighed softly to frown eyeing the secretary the speaker who looked down at her computer pad as he heard another ahem noise. 
He resumed looking at Herod with a glare who spoke "The Eli is still running on who this Chandra Lang is. She has so far indicated her a student of the high school you went to. She's still running on information on this Chandra Lang at the moment but will let us know once the information is fully gathered actually."
Guardian gave off an Hmph sound before hearing Herod add "There's conflicting reports by the Eli reporting that this Chandra Lang while living in Mahalia and wasn't a native of this nation but actually a Republic native by alias of her family arriving to Mahalia with a Republic ID when signing up for citizenship."
He sighed softly while eyeing Herod who cocked his head forming a faraway expression on his face he figured was wearing a listening device in his ear. 
He frowned eyeing Herod who spoke "Eli is reporting the ID that Chandra Lang's father used when registering for Visa here in Mahalia was a Brittany name of McNeil McFarland despite speaking with a Republic accent. He later used another name when signing up for citizenship which is Song Lang then some Orient like name. His daughter on registration to get a Visa was named Brittany McFarland. Her name was later changed to Chandra Lang as her citizenship name while using the ID of Melinda Long at the public schools she attended. The Eli is currently running at the moment on where her residence is at the moment."
Guardian eyed the secretary as if drawn to see her eyes were shut with a nervous expression on her face making him confused to what she was thinking. He frowned to eye the secretary to notice that she was older than his age appearing to be the Queen's age as she opened her eyes and did a double take look to notice him staring at her. 
He stared at her as she blurt loudly "Alright I know who that Chandra Lang is actually!"
Guardian frowned eyeing her as Herod was heard "Eli says that Chandra Lang's Mother is working as secretary for the King at the moment so admit this now!"
He formed a glare while eyeing the secretary who spoke in response while glaring at Herod "Chandra Lang is my daughter actually but she has a male offspring she gave the name of Robert. She claimed some male fathered her son through a one night stand in her car after giving him a ride to his residence."
Guardian stiffened of shock hearing that to keep the expression off his face while forming a thin line with his mouth he eyeing secretary who looked at him he spoke in response "Marissa was the name of the female who I had my first time."
He clamped his mouth shut to see the secretary's eyes widen of shock who spoke firmly "Spill it Your Majesty on what this Marissa looked like you had your first time with now."
He sighed and spoke the description fully including adding "When I mated with her I sensed I wasn't her first due to knowing what my mother raiser told me over the years of helping females give birth to offsprings. Mostly talk involving the offsprings' creation actually."
He formed a glare while eyeing secretary who placed down the computer pad and pulled out a cell phone she heard dialing numbers then speaking onto it fully "Hello daughter it's your mother. I found Mister Robert O'Neil at the residence working there."
He heard a pause making him confused to the name of Robert O'Neil used. 
It was followed by secretary adding "Yes I ID him from your description after giving him various worded questions which he proved to be the one actually. I didn't tell him that you were looking for him actually."
He stiffened as the secretary paused then added "Yes I'll make sure that there's clearance for you to enter the residence with Robert. So go now."
He eyed secretary who shut the cell phone by putting it away in her pocket and addressing him "My daughter is on the way with Robert. She's willing to submit her son to a DNA test to prove that he's yours actually. I warn you that Robert has been kept isolated out of the public eye due to his facial appearance is twin to Nikolai's from the looks of him. His facial appearance appears to have inherited from you as his father actually."
He frowned to give a head bob in response to hear from Herod loudly "Eli says-"
Herod he heard was interrupted "Enough of that stinking computer whining on who this Chandra Lang is actually."
He exhaled a breath hearing Hades' voice to find Hades in the room with arms folded he not sure of how the male got into the room he figuring it involved some super speed method. 
Guardian eyed Hades who spoke while looking at him "Admit it Robert on how many females you mated with after the moment your mother raiser's light was extinguished hmm?"
Guardian eyed Herod as if drawn to find the male giving him a golden eyed glare with arms folded hands' seen fisted. 
He spoke as if compelled words coming out of his mouth shocking him "I was all over the place mating with various females around my age actually which I was their first time. After the mating was done they would dump me to go have a relationship with some other male. I did used protection some sort of medicine in my drinks to prevent offsprings from forming each time I mated with a female despite she claiming of using some medical status to keep from carrying. My mother raiser a midwife taught me various tricks on taking medicine for preventing offsprings from forming in hidden forms to use despite the female thinking she could get an offspring from me."
He glared at Hades who spoke "And Robert what your not admitting hmm?"
He spoke in response in a firm voice tone "I didn't take the medicine when I mated with a female in her car. I wanted to know what it was like to get an offspring created in the process. Besides that medicine prevented me from doing any seedling as called inside females. I couldn't feel anything from that medicinal use which made me feel numb down there as a result. So I didn't take it this time when I mated with a female in her car just to know what's its like to feel actually. Hence I referring her as my first."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Hades to get from the male "What else Robert your not admitting? I hear that edge in your voice tone actually."
He spoke firmly he feeling confused to what he was saying "We shared a cigarette which I quit that habit once I was hospitalized for my arm injury. Also Marissa and I got into a discussion on mating once arriving to the parking lot of my residence. She admitting some male forced her into a mating ritual hence she nervous about males and mating due to how painfully numb it was. I wound up sweet talking her into using me to get over her fear of the mating ritual which we did it in the car. She took the lead in the mating ritual which I let her have her own way with me all over the place. I kept my hands to myself till she was done."
He clamped his mouth shut while giving Hades a glare who spoke "What your not admitting Robert, hmm?"
He eyed secretary to see her giving him a narrowed eyed glare of accusation in her eyes which he recalled what happened after Marissa touched him all over not sparing his sensitive part but refraining from doing the mating ritual to him. 
Guardian spoke firmly while eyeing secretary "I got her into a mating ritual despite she not agreeing with it."
He clamped his mouth shut while leaning back in the chair and folded his arms while continuing to eye secretary who kept her mouth shut.
He heard a voice speak "What does the Eli say regarding this Guard Beers hmm?"
Guardian eyed Herod he feeling the voice sounded oddly Columbian and not of a Mahalia native. 
He kept on eyeing Herod to find the male still giving him a golden eyed glare who spoke "That police files on Guard Beers say that he murdered his mother raiser in a car accident. Some mercy killing and then later murdered the driver some drunkard for causing the car crash and called the murder a suicide when its not. There's some kind of homing beacon that pinpointed him at the site of the drunkard's murder before winking out and resuming function at his own residence. Cops went to check on this winking out status and found the drunkard's body underwater in a lake held by cement block after they gave that lake a through search. Autopsy says that the drunkard's light was extinguished by neck snapping and not by drowning hence they calling it a murder and not buying the story of suicide said to them."
Guardian grimaced fully on his face hearing the voice sounded feminine computer like in electronic tones. He frowned feeling himself confused to why Herod was using that computer voice.
He continued to frown while eyeing Herod who kept the glare and continued speaking still using the voice "That the daughter of the secretary Marissa claimed that she was raped by a male pointed out to be Robert O'Neil in her car with no evidence to back up her claim. Instead she wound up carrying an offspring a male that had DNA test done recently after birthing him pointing out Robert O'Neil as the father."
He groaned softly to grimace again while eyeing Herod who added "Robert O'Neil according to the police redeemed himself by saving the lives of a warship's workers by warning them of an approaching spinner storm. He was reportedly goofing off smoking a cigarette outside instead of doing work and was no where to be found when pestered to do work by the Captain. This goofing off status was habitually done by Robert found outside in various locations smoking anything other than just cigarettes. He seemed to have some habit of smoking drugs some illegal including reeking of them once he came inside to do work."
Guardian groaned softly recalling it was what Herod said fully in his mind as the General kept on glaring at him.
He spoke firmly "I saw the spinner storm form right in the parking lot which I ran inside and pulled the alarm for such storms. I managed to get to the storm shelter with everyone else only to find out that the President's son wasn't there. The President in the shelter ordered me to find his son and bring him safely or be fired and not have a job in West Allied state. I left the storm shelter intending to hide in the President's office staff facility's bathroom instead of finding the son. I found the son hiding in a stall in there on a coincidence. He was really clingy onto me using me as some kind of shield from the roof falling apart from the spinner storming outside. I broke my left arm from one of the debris hitting the area hence I have a scar. Anyway the spinner storm got into the bathroom which we both ran to the sinks to grab onto the faucets due to that they were still clinging to the wall. I got there first which the son grabbed my leg at the last minute and kept an ironclad hold onto the area despite me holding onto a sink faucet with one hand. I'm not even sure of what else happened next is that the spinner storm went by and the building suffered too much damage to be rebuilt which it was torn down. As for the President I was later fired and given a small pension and used the excuse of saving his son's life as reason why I shouldn't work for him anymore."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing Herod who kept the glare to hear from the General sounding of a male voice "And what about the drugs Robert took in his system hmm?"
He spoke voice sounding like feminine and electronic to his confusion "He wound up hospitalized for an arm injury that broke a bone and nerves in his arm that required rehabilitation. Robert used to favor his left hand when it came for writing. But now he's stuck using his right hand. His left hand regarding therapy is still balking on being used for that. The hospital had Robert withdrawn from his habit of drugs and drinking like an alcoholic fully. He hasn't had a cigarette or a drink in a long time."
Guardian found himself speaking sounding of himself "I've been keeping myself clean and sober actually."
He eyed Herod in response who spoke sounding male to him instead of feminine electronic "And? What's the reason for the drugged habit and drinking in the first place and the reason why Robert is completely off it?"
Guardian spoke sounding like himself "The drugs and drinking was trying to fit in with the crowd at the high school an addiction habit I kept up till I was hospitalized. It was a female who made her presence known to me of who my father was after I woke up to discover prosthetics put onto my form I didn't accept at first. Wanda told me of my father being the leader and told me I had to quit the drinking and drugged addiction habits period in case I could take over the title. I kept up the clean and sober status as a result despite Wanda smoking cigarettes in front of me repeatedly from time to time. I managed to refrain from smoking cigarettes after Wanda smoked them in front of me. I even refrained from asking Wanda for one of his cigarettes to smoke despite tempted."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut while forming a grimace on his face from what he said.
He eyed Herod who spoke "Well the Eli confirms what she says according to police files onto him. The President himself was responsible for those prosthetics being ordered put onto Robert just to hide him from the public. The prosthetics at first focused onto his entire body but during his healing periods from his arm injury is when they were removed one at a time but left on his face till Wanda got a hold of him and got him to a medical facility to get him tested fully."
Guardian groaned softly while rubbing a hand on his forehead as he heard a door rapping sound loudly in a code of four knocks to hear the door opening followed by "Ma that's him the one who fathered my son I have with me."
He looked up to spot a female around his age holding onto a young male child on her hip as he saw her looking at the secretary who got up and went to her appearing to be whispering in her ear. 
He overheard abruptly "Your Majesty, this is Guard Beers aka Victor aka Yevgeny Alexander Visser and what's left of him. You sure you want to do this procedure in question?"
He frowned to form a frown on his face at what he overheard. Guardian wound up eyeing the younger female he recalled was named Marissa that formed a glare before thrusting the boy child onto secretary her mother and marched up towards him he stood keeping his arms to the side in response. He eyed Marissa who slapped him on the cheek making him grimace from the pain inwardly while eyeing her in the blue eyes finding her height reached the tip of his nose. 
He eyed her warily as she spoke while holding up a hand towards him "The name is Marissa. Pleased to meet you Mister O'Neil or should I say Robert."
He took Marissa's hand and gently kissed it with his lips to get her glaring at him which he spoke after removing the hand "Excuse me I have to apologize for my rude behavior towards you. I admit it to the staff that I sort of used force to mate with you that resulted in the boy child you're seen with."
He clamped his mouth shut in response to frown eyeing Marissa who spoke "The boy child is dubbed American due to his looks of a Columbian by my family. I refer him as Collin officially as his nickname which his official name is American Collin York. I figured this time it'll be Robert O'Neil since you're the heir at the moment."
He nodded his head in response as Marissa removed her hand from his hand's grip and walked away. 
He followed to secretary holding the child who held up both arms while speaking "Dada."
Guardian didn't comment a response took the child from secretary and held him. 
He frowned seeing Collin's eyes turn all black colored to hear blared in his mind "My name is Robert not Collin."
Guardian frowned hearing that looked at Marissa who appeared to not notice instead was standing next to him with a hint of a smile on her face. 
He mentally thought to himself as Collin kept blaring his comment over and over mentally "Robert? I thought your name was Collin like your Mother called you?"
Guardian eyed Collin who kept blaring the comment sounding like a Meritanian sounding within his mind making him blurt loudly "My name is Robert not Collin."
Guardian frowned as his eyesight became blurry with greens in it along with liquid showing in view as he felt something like a tubal cylinder over taking everything all around him making him confused. He felt the walls of the cylinder was surrounding his body while he was floating inside it suspended by the liquid. Guardian felt something like an oxygen mask covering his mouth making him confused to why he was contained to dream of something realistic. He felt confusion hitting him blinked his eyes from a glare of a shining sunlight blaring onto his eyes.
He heard a muffled "He's awake!"
It sounded of Meg language of Megiddo to him. 
Guardian continued to hear muffled "Put the sleepers in now! He's awake now! We have our orders regarding him now!"
He heard a roaring sound within his mind along with seeing a familiar see through wall that looked different from his Guardian of Life and Death wall instead gave him a creepy feeling like he knew it somewhere. He frowned as he felt sleepiness hitting him shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Part Three: Robert O'Neil

Guardian came to finding himself riding a horse that reared up nearly knocking him off her back. 
He gripped the reins tighter and forced the mare to stand despite rearing up on her back legs. Guardian eyed the bushes clustered around a tree gathered ahead in front of him with green eyes sight of night vision clear as day with his eyes. He narrowed his eyes glaring at the bushes as they rumbled along with the gathering trees nearby making his senses blare warning giving him a fearful feeling. 
He continued to stiffen as the bushes showed an unfamiliar gonoid he unsure of the name but heard "It's a Rex." 
Guardian frowned seeing the gonoid that gave up a roaring sound while baring fanged teeth. He eyed the Rex he assumed it was called that charged towards him which he forced the horse to move by kicking her sides with his feet like expertly doing. He hearing her whinny sound of terror. He allowed the horse to have her head running through the bushes weaving around the trees till he heard a river sound guided her towards it.
He again heard within his mind "The Rex will give up chase if you and the horse went into the water." 
Guardian frowned getting an image before the voice spoken in his mind. He felt nervousness as he and the horse arrived to the water and got inside. Guardian felt the horse swimming in the water from the feeling of sinking not felt as he heard the Rex roar behind him as the horse reached the other side of the river and got out of the water. He looked behind him with frustration seeing the Rex on the river bank on the opposite side still roaring away. 
Guardian thinking to himself "I would have to take another route through the forest to get to my destination." 
Guardian spoke out loud "It's a holiday today. I promised Mom that I would be home for the holiday from the Marine Corp's base where I'm currently receiving training." 
He stiffened from the Meg language used for his spoken word and the wording of Marine Corp's base making him further confused enough to think he was dreaming this scenario despite it felt real to him. Guardian gently patted the horse on the side feeling her real to his hand's touch and urged her to follow the river bank a lengthy period of time till a bridge of stone came into view. He reached the other side and sighed forcing the horse to gallop in the forest till she halted the riding by rearing up again indicating a gonoid hidden in the bushes waiting to pounce by the plants rumbling in front of them abruptly. He stiffened from the feeling of fear hitting him felt the horse's nervousness as the bushes and trees stopped rumbling showing another Rex that bared its fanged teeth gnashing them.
Guardian gasped out "Oh no!" 
He grumbled to himself thinking "This got to be a dream or something I'm not sure of why I'm dreaming this stunt."
Guardian found himself urging the horse in another direction away from the Rex who gave up a loud roar behind him. He again allowed the horse to have her way through the forest running with fear sensed from her and himself despite his dream thought. Guardian looked behind him to see the Rex was behind them running after them. He stiffened seeing that feeling fear hitting him shifted to face the front while riding the horse. Guardian heard silence in the forest instead of the familiar sounds of crickets sounding. He gasped for air as he heard sounds of a roaring river nearby forced the horse towards the noises while glancing behind him to see the Rex hadn't given up chase. Guardian groaned as the horse reared up throwing her hind legs behind her while hearing grunting groans from the Rex behind. He adjusted the horse from kicking to head towards the river crashing through the bushes while hearing her whinnying sounding panicky to him along with hearing growls from the Rex behind him still chasing. Guardian found to his fear that there was a rocky cliff with another cliff in another direction with distance too far for a horse to jump. He heard the Rex roar behind him urged the horse to halt and turn around facing the gonoid. Guardian gripped the reins and urged the horse away from the cliff's edge and got the Rex's back to it near the edge as an idea came to his mind. He ordered the horse to rear up each time towards the Rex's front making the gonoid back up towards the edge. He found himself still nervous as the horse was sensed scared underneath him but obeyed to his orders of till the Rex reached the edge and refused to budge from the horse's manipulations. Guardian felt fear take control as the horse gave off a loud whinnying sound and without his command took off in a direction with the cliff overhang off his right. He again looked behind him to see the Rex was again giving chase. He looked off his right as the horse continued to gallop which his eyes spotted a rope bridge coming into view urged the gonoid towards it. He found to his fear that the rope bridge looked flimsy looking and didn't seem to be strong from the looks of but he wasn't sure if the bridge could hold the horse and figured he'll risk it. He forced the horse onto the rope bridge finding it swung a bit on each hoof step. Guardian heard a loud roar behind him which he looked to see the Rex was still on the cliff at the rope bridge's entrance still roaring away. He felt himself still nervous as he guided the horse slowly over the rope bridge and forced himself not to look down at the river rushing down below which he glimpsed it in a waterfall. He felt vertigo from looking down making him dizzy which he forced himself to keep looking up concentrating onto the other side of where the rope bridge ended. He felt the dizziness continue as the horse continued to walk on the bridge while feeling it sway from her movements tipping back and forth. Guardian heard the horse give off a loud whinnying while stopping abruptly instead of walking forwards which he looked behind to see the Rex was gnawing at one of the ropes holding up the bridge. He looked away and urged the horse to walk faster over the rope bridge finding themselves halfway through it to feel the bridge beginning to sag onto its side from the Rex's gnawing. He found the horse obeyed to his urging hurriedly got across to the cliff wall revealing a cave entrance and nothing else around it. He got the horse onto land as there was a loud snapping sound heard behind him. He looked to see one of the ropes of the bridge had given away and it was sagging off its side as he again heard the familiar roaring noise from the Rex again. He shifted to face the cave entrance from knowing it involved enclosed spaces making him feel fear from being in caves and such places like that. Guardian stiffened from the fearful feeling hitting him as he forced the horse into the cave forcing the gonoid to take its time walking in it. 
He sighed as a thought came to his mind "I'm clad in my military combat uniform minus my guns. The base had refused to let me take them with me to my destination on horseback."
Guardian stiffened from the thought filling his mind unexpectedly as the horse walked through the cave passageway seemingly endless seemed to go around in bends of circles. He looked around at the scenery feeling himself annoyed with what was going on within him. He looked at the passageway seeing that some had openings indicating nothing.
Guardian figured to himself "Their entrances to bottomless pits or something else."
The thought wound up making him more nervous and urged the horse to continue traveling faster. Guardian gasped as the horse stumbled slipping her feet but avoided knocking him off along with keeping herself standing. He again urged the horse to continue to keep on gasping as if compelled each time the horse stumbled slipping and sliding over rocks. he saw was really ice which he kept a tight hold onto the reins urging the mare he thinking it a she to keep going. He gulped for air through his mouth feeling nothing but the stale stinky air instead of cool cave air as the horse kept on her slipping and sliding over the rocky ground while following the cave passageway. He shivered teeth chattering while feeling the horse was moving to keep herself warm as she kept up her slipping and sliding way through the cave passageway. He continued to hold the reins as the horse traveled through the cave still slipping and sliding away till his eyes sight blinked from day vision to night vision repeatedly over and over.
Guardian got a thought to his mind "This vision change is due to me being a hybrid Human with some gonoid night vision traits put in me for being created that way via medical experiments done onto me." 
Guardian gritted his teeth in frustration from the thought hitting his mind. 
He again got another thought come to him "I'm near an Egyptian manipulated point in the cave marking it in the cave passageway to Egyptians living in a valley." 
Guardian sighed as he got another thought to his mind "I'm safe for now." 
Only to feel fear hitting him as crackling of electricity was heard coming from the passageway in the cave along with hearing the horse giving off whinnies. Guardian forced the horse to continue as day vision blared in his eyesight illuminating the cave passageway full of whiteness by glow balls shining in the walls. 
He again got another thought "Those glow balls were put there by Egyptians who first discovered the cave passageway." 
He looked around seeing the glow balls crackled of electricity giving off sparks repeatedly making him nervous as the sparks flew from them. He heard the horse give off a loud whinnying sound forced the mare passed the glow balls that seemed numerous and all around them except for the ground was bare of them. Guardian found to his relief the glow balls came to an end as night vision again resumed blaring in his eyesight. Guardian found the ground according to the horse no longer icy but had water on it that indicated an underground river. He forced the horse to travel through the cave passageway following the river that slowly moved sensing himself becoming braver. He sighed as the horse traveled through the river splashing loudly till the river came to an end and then there was sounds of crunching noises as they entered an apparent by sight vast cave room. He looked down with a frown at the noises' source to feel fear hitting him again seeing that the earth was littered with bones indicating both manoids and gonoids from glimpses of skeleton heads seen indicating both. Guardian looked up as if drawn to see above on a cave wall clinging to it was appearing to be sleeping was a large scaly four footed gonoid a dinosaur he heard within his mind. He frowned seeing the dinosaur was twin sized as a full grown Egyptian male.
Guardian again got within his mind this thought "I recognized this gonoid dinosaur was a dubbed a Dragon for belching out fire towards manoids and gonoids when capturing them for eating." 
Dragon, Guardian saw was appearing to wake up from sleeping status by head shaking. He continued to eye the Dragon that appeared to struggle from sleeping status as the horse crunched through the field of bones that seemed vast to him all around and let the mare have her way with the path.
He thinking to himself his own thought "I'll let the mare have her way due to sensing she would find the way out for me and out of this weird dream." 
Guardian stiffened as the Dragon woke up belching up of fire and twisted its two horned bony head to eye him making him nervous as he eyed the gonoid. He urged the horse to hurry as the Dragon he saw adjusted its form to climb down from the cliff wall heading towards him. He felt nervousness hitting him as the horse entered a cave passageway that seemed low in ceiling and closer all around him making his fear of enclosed spaces hit unexpectedly. He gasped loudly as there was a loud roaring sound heard behind him along with heat of fire felt on his back which he forced the horse to move quickly through the passageway feeling her nervousness hitting as day vision flashed abruptly. He looked behind towards the cave entrance to see it illuminated by fire of the Dragon along with day vision flashing then stopped followed by night vision becoming dominant. Guardian exhaled a breath feeling himself a bit relieved to see that the Dragon made no move to enter the passageway and have passed the danger of the gonoid's trap. He looked ahead of him to concentrate onto the path finding the cave passageway had jagged rocks dangling from the ceiling that made him bent low on the horse to avoid banging into them or causing a rockslide by the knocking off. He stiffened as there were sounds of rocks falling behind him abruptly making him more nervous as he looked to see part of the cave passageway had fallen showing piles of rocks nearby. He stiffened seeing the rock pile feeling himself more fearful. He forced himself to breathe slow through his nose as he repeatedly ducked avoiding jagged rocks dangling in the cave passageway still feeling himself panicking but forced himself to be calm. He continued to hear sounds of rocks falling as the horse traveled through the cave which he heard noises becoming louder and louder as they reached the end of the cave showing a vast cave passageway with noises he recognized belonged to bats living in it overhead. 
Guardian felt fear hitting him as he thought of a thought "I heard stories of bats said to attack manoids traveling through caves by hitting them with their bodies knocking them unconscious followed by feeding onto them as a meal." 
The horse continued to walk through the cave while Guardian eyed the ceiling overhead as if drawn to stare to spot too many to count bats clinging to it that rounded in a circle showing an entrance high above. He lowered himself onto the horse as he saw the bats abruptly flew all over and around him in numerous directions some felt hitting him while hearing the mare whinny repeatedly. He kept his tight hold onto the horse as she kept on walking while still feeling the bats hitting him. Guardian felt the hitting stop raised his form to see the bats most of them were gone through the ceiling entrance as he felt relief as the horse entered a cave passageway that didn't seem cold to him or indicate gonoids travelling in it. He sighed softly only to groan of fear as rumbling vibrations was felt along with feeling of heat hitting him. 
Guardian figured via thought within his mind hitting him abruptly "We're traveling near an eater pathway hence the heat and rumbling vibrations." 
He mentally added another thought as if compelled "I wish I could keep my promise to Mom that I'll get to her in time for Lancelot celebrations." 
He groaned from the thought hitting him recognizing the Lancelot celebrations wording was indicating a national Columbian holiday. He frowned as the heat became more blaring making him sweaty unexpectedly as he urged the horse continued to walk through the passageway that didn't resists to his urging. He groaned softly each time there was rumbles of earth shakes felt while looking around all around him seeing the cave was not just of earth but included metal scattered imbedded in the walls and ceiling all around him which were holding the passageway from collapsing. 
Guardian groaned thinking to himself "What's with this dream anyway?"
He kept groaning as the heat continued to blare as there were openings in the cave passageway dripping of liquid he heard in his mind after an image "It's not water but acid that'll kill a manoid and a gonoid whoever drinks them, judging by them hitting the ground causing smoke to form." 
Guardian as if compelled urged the horse through the heated cave passageway making her continue despite her attempts to stop and her peals of protest indicating drinking statuses. He kept it up till the heat and rumbling vibrations slowly went away as they traveled through the cave passageway till coldness hit unexpectedly making him feel no longer sweaty. 
Guardian sighed from the coldness and again got a thought "My call sign name is Jinx as said by the Marine Corp's base. I'm wondering why I was always given that bad luck nickname by the Marine Corp's Commander. It's used as my call sign instead of my actual name of Robert O'Neil."
Guardian groaned softly finding nothing in answer to his thought. He kept on finding the horse able to move through the snowy ground. 
He shivered from the cold as there was a loud roaring noise heard making him panic as another thought came to his mind "I'm recognizing the noise as some kind of crocogator like dinosaur." 
Guardian shook from the noises as if compelled as the mare continued to travel through the cave which he heard water running unexpectedly heard the horse give off excited sounds and figured that she was terribly thirsty. He guided her through the cave passageway feeling himself nervous of when the dinosaur would pounce on them unexpectedly. There was a small waterfall come into view from the wall which he felt the horse needed a drink urged her towards it. He ran his fingers through the waterfall finding it was harmless water and leaned towards it taking gulps of water while allowing her to have her fill from the stream of water seeing that she was terribly thirsty from how lengthy she drank. He again guided her out of the cave passageway as he traveled through a cave passageway to hear a loud roaring noise sounding familiar to him making him look up unexpectedly to see with fear a giant scaly gonoid. He recognized as some giant dinosaur like crocogator appearing to be biting at the see through ceiling above him and not having success in breaking it till the ceiling's look stopped showing rocks in place with plants. Guardian forced the mare to ignore the plants despite her whinnying and indicating that she wanted to eat by her repeatedly trying to go to the plants and him forcing her to move away from them. He gasped as he saw bones of a manoid hanging from the plants and figured it was a living plant that would ensnare manoids. He urged the horse through the cave passageway finding her not protesting to the urging instead continued on going through it making him nervous in being captured by the plant's whims. Guardian eyed the plant warily as they both traveled through the cave passageway finding himself easily avoiding the plant's limbs. He felt wind blowing into the cave passageway as the plant ended making himself relieved but still nervous. Guardian urged the mare through the cave to find themselves exiting the cave passageway and into fresh air of outside which he saw was actually a cliff hang with a rope bridge over a river leading to another cave entrance. 
He groaned out a soft groan and thought another thought coming to his mind unexpectedly "When will I get out of traveling through the path? It's freaking me out." 
Guardian groaned softly from the thinking fully in his mind and urged the horse onto the rope bridge forcing himself to not look down despite always feeling some fear as the mare traveled onto it. He breathed hard through his mouth as the rope bridge again swayed from hoofs manipulating as they reached the cave entrance which they both went inside. He felt nervousness take hold as the horse galloped through the cave passageway he saw was entirely rounded all over and appeared to be made out of machine from the looks of it and was big and large enough for a horse and rider to gallop through it. He sigh feeling himself safe from harm as he again urged the horse through the cave passageway making him still nervous till they reached an opening showing a forest which he allowed her to have her fill from the plants gathered around the entrance. He sighed as the horse stopped her feeding and galloped through the forest crashing through the plants. He looked up to spot high above him was a shimmery shine in view. 
Guardian figured as if compelled "I'm now near a shield that covered an Egyptian dominated habit territory and was put in place to keep the gonoids from targeting manoids."
He continued to ride which he heard "Beep, beep, beep."
Guardian groaned hearing the noises making him nervous as the greenery in front of him rumbled showing a three horned towering overhead dinosaur with fanged teeth. He spied a metal collar around its neck with a jeweled object in the middle of it as the beeping noises continued loudly. 
He stiffened of fear hitting him recognizing the noises coming from the dinosaur's collar as a thought came to his mind "The collar giving off the beeping is warning Egyptians of whenever a domesticated dinosaur was near." 
He heard the horse whinny as he got her to continue into the forest making her gallop to spy behind him was the dinosaur giving chase with the beeping noises sounding loudly. He continued to feel fear hitting him as the dinosaur's beeping noises was joined by multiple beeping noises sounding all over the place all around him to him. He saw a path indicating horse back travel use and figured that he'll take it to keep himself safe from running into dinosaurs hidden in the forest despite beeping noises heard all around. He urged the horse to run with him nervous himself still guiding her over the path while hearing noises of domesticated dinosaurs roaring all around him overtaking the beeping noises. 
He felt nervousness hit him as he continued galloping away as another alien thought came to his mind "Please don't let us bump into a dinosaur accidentally or have them target my ride until I'm done with her. I don't think I can stand travel through this forest without her." 
Guardian found to his disgust the plea ignored as they again bumped into a dinosaur by she rearing up again whinnying as the path curved towards the right. He halted the horse to see a dinosaur a Rex come out of the bushes gnashing fanged teeth while wearing a metal collar around its neck. He urged the horse to gallop away onto the horse path as he heard multiple beeping noises sounding all around him instead of dinosaur roaring noises. He continued to bump into dinosaurs indicating that they were hungry and wanted to eat by aiming their mouths towards him and the horse along with giving chase through the forest as he and her traveled on the path. He halted when he saw a large structure loomed in sight unexpectedly showing the path leading towards it seeing a metal wall with a large metal a sign next to it. He heard zapping of electricity sounds behind him loudly halting dinosaurs' following progress. He looked behind him to see the familiar three horned dinosaur was still in the vicinity making steps towards him and witnessed the metal collar's jewel glow along with electricity zapping sounds heard coming from it as the gonoid backed up along with resuming stepping towards him with collar glowing again each time which would cause it to back up. 
Guardian sighed as another alien thought came to his mind "I'm safe for now." 
He shifted to read the sign saying “Elizabethtown.” 
Guardian looked around the area seeing he was in some clearing and saw that there wasn’t an entrance to the city as the dinosaur sounded again followed by multiple dinosaurs roaring again. He felt himself still nervous from the noises but felt his fearful feeling that had taken hold. He clung to the reins as the horse took off galloping with the city walled dome off his right. He found she refused to budge with her running path or obey his orders of getting her into a direction as she kept on galloping. 
He clung to her as he thought alien again "I figured that she's was taking me towards the city's shield entrance and had glimpsed it in view which I don't see it yet." 
He allowed the horse to have her head leading him towards the shield's entrance which on arrival he found the doors open instead of closed like he thought they would be to his confusion. Guardian heard a roar behind him as he paused the horse from galloping to look to see the bushes rumbled showing a Rex coming out that stood and roared at him with mouth gaping. He heard the horse give off neigh and found himself thrown off landing on the ground getting a headache and shutting his eyes as she reared backwards. Guardian shook his head of the sleepiness when he again found himself back into his watery tank. He felt the sleepiness hitting him hard made him shut his eyes. He wound up dreaming of himself lying on the ground twisted his form to eye the horse and saw her going inside the dome's doors entrance to find the dinosaur gave chase only to halt outside the doorway by banging its front onto the top of the entrance and appearing to struggle to follow. He eyed the dinosaur warily as himself crawled towards the wall near the entrance to see the Rex shaking its head then shifted to eye him while giving off a roaring sound. He was quickly onto his feet by an acrobatic karate move, he sensing adrenaline in control overtaking his fear eyeing the dinosaur while feeling himself brave unexpectedly as the Rex charged towards him. He threw himself into an acrobatic air move out of the way of the charge. He saw the Rex's charge had made it get away from the entrance seeing the doors sliding shut in a slow move. Guardian saw himself ran towards the entrance while hearing a roaring sound behind him. He quickly darted inside throwing himself inside as the doors' opening became narrower and narrower. He hit the metal ground with a grunt sound to find himself partially inside the room adjusted his form to get it completely inside as the Rex was seen by him charging towards him. He lay inside the room eyeing the dinosaur and the doors willing them to shut quickly, shut his eyes. Guardian heard the sound of a faint bang sound followed by multiple banging sounds jerked open his eyes looking around seeing that he was safe with the mare and the dinosaur was no where in sight. Guardian got up and he grabbed the reins and took her into the hallway while manipulating doors. 
He waited as if compelled to hear "Adjusting oxygen levels for sleepiness status."
This confused him but was followed by the familiar feminine voice speaking "Levels of sleepiness for transfer happening in ten seconds."
He heard seconds counted down followed by nothingness hitting him. 

Guardian found himself back in the familiar hallway with the horse. He led the horse out of the hallway into Elizabethtown's shield boundary while breathing the air deeply that again seemed the same stale stinky air to him. He sighed and mounted the horse then urged her to gallop finding no protest from her and found her leading him towards the city despite him not doing any manipulating towards the horse. Guardian felt himself not nervous as he and she entered the city boundary after a bit of riding. He sensed from her that she was leading him towards the city location where she came from by her memory of the city and she appearing to be headed towards there. He saw loomed in sight was tall towering buildings with glass entrances including one standing where the horse stopped having an old male dress in some fancy uniform a doorman he recognized.
He eyed the doorman once he arrived that spoke "Take the patient for surgery immediately!"
Guardian frowned hearing the voice sounded feminine and electronic.
He eyed the doorman that added "It's Lancelot anyway and judging by the looks of your uniform you should be home." 
Guardian obeyed as if compelled to get off the horse and handed the reins towards the doorman who walked in a direction towards a building across the street which he walked inside the building via its glass entrance. He found the elevator to the floor of where his Mom's apartment was held pressed the button and stood waiting for the thing to go up which it obeyed to his order. He found the elevator stopped once reaching the floor.
Guardian heard a computer electronic female like voice speak instead of doors opening like he hoped "Identify yourself and purpose of the surgery."
Guardian spoke as if compelled "Lieutenant Robert O'Neil call sign Jinx here to see Lizette O'Neil my Mother for Lancelot celebrations as oath I would." 
He heard in response "Hold on while I check your identity."
Guardian again got another alien thought "My stepbrother James son of my Mother's current husband was speaking through the computer. James hadn't yet met me in person or knew what I looked like. Hence the computer's wording sounding like that indicating on that to me." 
He stood impatiently waiting and removed his round helmet off his head to clasp into his hands' grips. He noticed the helmet had a break slash in the middle like it was split apart to his confusion. 
Guardian frowned as the computer voice spoke again "Patient ID confirmed. Your ID has been clarified."
He sighed and found the doors opening to his relief to walk into the hallway to find an older woman with all white hair having a smiley look on her face.
He got an alien thought "I recognized her as my Mother."
He saw her followed by an unfamiliar male looking young as his age and seemingly having a concerned look on his face he assumed was his stepbrother. 
Guardian frowned as the old woman reached him to hug him in a tight hug he hugging her back while hearing her speaking loudly "Robert you came like you promised you would." 
Guardian spoke in Columbian language twin to the old woman as the Mother stopped hugging him to show tears coming from her eyes "I aim to keep my promises Mother. I wouldn't let anything stop me from keeping my promise to you regardless of how I got to here."
He eyed the woman who in response hugged him again and heard her speak "All that matters to me is I have my son safe sound at home for Lancelot celebrations like I wanted." 
Guardian again got an alien thought as he let the old woman hug him "If only if you knew of the path I took to get to here."
He didn't protest as the old woman stopped hugging him and led him further into the apartment towards where the assumed Lancelot celebrations were ongoing at the moment. 
Guardian saw darkness arriving to his eyesight that confused him to find the hallway's end glowing of light and a female voice speaking "It's not your time yet Robert, so return now."
Guardian frowned as the light stopped shining followed by darkness arriving as he saw light. He focused onto the light as if drawn to find himself in a body with no memory of who he was coming to his mind. 
He kept on hearing within his mind "The stranger."
He thought to himself "That's who I am called the stranger."
The stranger he assumed was his name woke up with a start opening eyes lying on a one person bed in a room with tan brown walls. He could see the room was narrow and thin with one full arm length from the bed’s longest sides. He got up from the bed and stood up shaking his head then rubbed a hand on his head through his hair that appeared to be of a familiar color of black that fell just below his shoulders. He went to the bed to sit and frowned as a memory of himself wearing odd clothing that made him think it was familiar but couldn't place it on his form flashed in his mind. It was familiar showing slipper shoes on his feet, tights, a top that was long sleeve and some vest dress covered his form and saw some sneering look was on his face while seated on a gonoid. He recognized was a horse with others behind him wearing identical clothes some having faces bared showing them manoids with facial hair and seated on horses while some were standing. The stranger grimaced of the memory from himself’s facial expression that bothered him. 
He got an alien thought in his mind "I remember dismounted along with ten other men and started walking on a grass field my facial appearance changing from sneering to glare." 
The stranger frowned thinking of the wording as he again got another alien thought "I was dreaming just prior to waking up of a female wearing some purple flowing dress with my facial appearance and black hair that spoke 'You’ll remember who you are and will acknowledge me.'”
He felt rage running through him unexpectedly seeing in his mind a bearded male with a crown on his head. 
The stranger again got another thought "I saw myself appearing to be a teenager while wearing the familiar clothing meeting a male who was introduced as a King named Brittan and bowing in front of him.
I saw an older blonde female I remembering saw as my Mother told me not in the King Brittan's presence but in private 'This is the male King Brittan, your to kill so remember that.'
The female my Mother has repeatedly kept telling me over the cycles as I grew up but as someone else. I was to kill a male King named Brittan and take his place as King." 
He got up from the bed and went to the foot of it to kneel as if compelled. He felt his rage running through him as he got an image in his mind of, a familiar black haired female giving birth to a baby, a male and denied nursing it by the familiar blonde female who he saw as his Mother which took him away. The stranger felt his rage cooling from him as he got himself calmer. He shut his eyes and felt himself too tensed to mediate and opened his eyes to stare at the bed’s foot. 
He thought "I wound up waking up in the room appearing to be some monastery from the looks of the room indicating it with religious icons drawn in the wall that had people having heads surrounded by golden halos. It made me think it was religious and a monastery like place. I was in with no memory of how I got to there but my body was feeling sore indicating of pain to me including a terrible headache of head pain that made me lie in bed for awhile till the pains stopped. This included no memory of who I was other than thinking of the identity as the Guardian of Life and Death."
The stranger exhaled air through his mouth and breathed through his nose as he lied down on the bed eyes staring at the ceiling. He felt a memory come to his mind and recalled himself as a teenager wearing the familiar odd clothing fighting an older male who he saw was bearded and a bit on the overweight side with brown swords that didn’t clang when hit.
He continued to recall himself poked the sword on the male’s neck and spoke in some odd voice tone that seemed familiar with the accent “Got you, McNeil.”
The male he assumed was named McNeil spoke with a twin accent in twin language “Are you sure? Check where my sword is.”
He saw himself look down to see McNeil’s sword poking him in the chest right over his heart. He watched from memory as himself gave up a loud roar and waved his hand along with brown sword while stomping his feet in an apparent tantrum before resuming sparring with McNeil. The stranger groaned from the memory as he exhaled a breath as the memory left his mind. He grimaced as anger arrived within him as another memory arrived in his mind. In it he was fighting an apparent older male having grey in his blond hair with a mustache and a beard his mind identified as King Brittan with some weapon his mind told him was a sword as others all around them were doing the same. He continued to watch in his mind as himself stabbed King Brittan in the chest right over the heart area who slid to the grassy ground and appeared to be dead. The stranger saw himself raised his sword up after removing it from the male's body and gave up a loud nonsense like roaring sound. He frowned as himself went to males wearing different clothing but in similar styled while swinging the sword with some smirk on his face till some male with face seen and familiar came around himself and he recalled everything went black after that. 
The stranger frowned thinking to himself "I couldn’t remember anything else after that. I feel very confused to what was importance of the memories in my mind. That despite living a life in Brittany referred as Lance Richard." 
He frowned furrowing his face to think to himself "I'm not even sure of what's with those memories in my mind either or what brought them on." 
He frowned as the memory finished playing in his mind. He stretched his arms in front of him and adjusted his position to lie on the bed eyes staring at the ceiling. He felt sleepiness and shut his eyes falling asleep. The stranger dreamed of himself standing on a field wearing the familiar odd clothes on his form while having a hand on his waist where he recognized as a sword hanging from the belt. He watched as himself was glaring at a male he recognized as King Brittan both having groups of ten males surrounding them in a semi circle.
He listened as himself spoke using the same familiar accent and sounding older “What do you take of my terms sir?”
He heard from King Brittan using similar accent and sounding of twin language “I don’t agree with them and have rejected them. Think of something else.”
He continued to watch as himself spoke sounding angry “You should have agreed.”
He heard from King Brittan who spoke “Agreed to what? A foolish plan by a foolish man.”
He watched as himself yanked out the sword and swung it towards King Brittan who yanked out his sword and met himself’s sword which clanging noises were heard. He continued to watch as men all around him and King Brittan met each other pulling swords and clanging them while appearing to try to kill each other. He smelled something familiar hitting him frowned wondering what it was as the dream went black.

The stranger woke up with a jerk as smells assaulted his nose making his mouth water and a grumbling feeling in his body focused onto his front that seemed like he was confused to what it was. He sat up to look at the foot of the bed in front of the door was a wooden tray via memory saying it with block stands holding bowls indicating of something with steam coming from them. The stranger groaned recognized the grumbling as himself hungry enough to need nourishment got up from the bed. He went to the tray to sit down and helped himself to the nourishment eating ravenously till there was nothing left. He adjusted his position to kneel closing his eyes. The stranger saw in his mind of the black haired woman again looking older by her hair having streaks of grey that was running in a field among men fighting each other with swords she having a look of concern on her face. He continued to watch her as she ran in the field with a hand up waving it and it appeared to him she was using some mental power to guide her to something. He watched as her hand pointed down followed by her kneeling to pull a male figure from lying on his stomach onto his back he stiffened seeing it was himself having a bloody red splotch on his back area over the heart area before being turned over. He continued to stiffen as the woman stroked his face along with appearing to weep tears while gently rocking her form. The stranger frowned as she stopped the rocking to get up and with such force started dragging him unmoving through the field ignored among men fighting each other and continued with the dragging till three women looking like triplets appeared standing blocking the woman’s way.
He continued to watch as the woman dropped him and spoke “Rania, Ramia, Ralia, do something about my son! He is dead in my arms! I never had a chance of him acknowledging me as his Mother and want that to happen!”
He eyed the triplets who spoke in unison “That’ll be done as you wish, Egypt but it won’t be in your time. You must be patient for this will happen once nature has taken its course.”
He frowned hearing the name of Egypt which he thought "I figured it belonged to the woman who saw me as her son."
He saw her burst into tears and then the darkness arrived. He jerked his eyes open to discover himself lying sideways in bed on his left side. He resumed shutting his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious to dream of Egypt again looking very old with her hair white. He eyed her as she stood in a field of grass he recognized holding an eater torch and looking sad with sunlight shining dimly. He continued to watch as he saw her bring the torch to a pile of sticks his mind told him was wood and watched the eater spread showing a figure lying on top. He recognized with effort as the blonde woman looking asleep and very old by the looks of her. He frowned as the eater consumed the pile of sticks and the woman who remained still.
The stranger continued to dream eyeing Egypt who spoke “Never again you’ll have my son in your clutches Helene. I will have what I want, Lance acknowledging me as his Mother and I’ll do what it takes to have that happen. I don’t care if there’s a price of my death for my son to acknowledge me. I will see that this happens.”
The stranger saw the scene went black.

He woke up feeling himself better which he got up from the bed. 
He frowned recalling "The name of Lance with confusion running through have me to realize that it was the name of Egypt’s son." 
He rubbed a hand on his forehead and went towards the door to kneel in front of it as if compelled and found himself doing mediating by eyes shut and breathing slow as if he recalled doing it before despite already doing it. The stranger recalled to himself as his anger ran through him a memory of himself appearing to be almost grown to adult age wearing odd clothing holding a brown sword sparring against a familiar bearded male holding an identical brown sword while appearing to be older while wearing identical clothing.
He recalled continued to spar fight the male till he knocked aside the male’s brown sword and spoke as he poked the sword into the male’s stomach “Got you hah.”
He heard from the male “Don’t let confidence overtake you despite you defeating me, Lance. There are others capable of defeating you.”
He recalling the memory as Lance heard himself spoke “Who cares? I want to fight and I hate it when Mother says I’m not old enough to do it.”
He watched in his mind as he heard a female voice speaking “Mothers are always right. They know when children are ready.”
The stranger saw himself frown who turned around to face a familiar blonde female who looked older but still quite a bit young from her olden look who continued speaking “You’re not ready Lance.”
Lance he eyed spoke in a whining tone “But I want to fight, Mother.”
He eyed the female who was his Mother who walked up to him to place a hand on his shoulder and she spoke “Don’t worry Lance you’ll get the chance to fight but not now. Wait till your older and more ready to fight even ready to be undefeated in fights.”
He eyed himself who formed a big frown on his face followed by his Mother adding “Lance resume your practice. It’s best to keep it up for you’ll be able to fight undefeated once old enough.”
He saw himself nod his head followed by his Mother letting go of his shoulder to walk away which he turned around and resumed sword fighting with the male who halted the sparring by speaking sounding out of breath “Halt now. I need to rest.”
Lance he saw formed a glare on his face as the male went to sit down on the grassed ground near his standing Mother who spoke “What do you think McNeil?”
The stranger as Lance stared at McNeil he assumed was his name who spoke “Oh he’ll make a terrific fighter. The potential is there but he needs to be disciplined in the art of sword fighting, Helene.”
He heard the name Helene assumed it belonged to his Mother who spoke “Just as I planned.”
He saw himself still holding the brown sword shrug and began doing some movements with the weapon while appearing to be doing fighting movements along with doing some pretending like he was fighting with another. The stranger snapped his mind of the memory he felt his anger abruptly leave him as a great feeling of sadness hit him and he shut his eyes bursting into tears crying uncontrollably wailing loudly as he felt a dam inside him burst. He cried as he brought his hands to his face while still crying away. He felt his own bed underneath him abruptly as if he brought himself to there and he curled himself into a ball crying himself to sleep to dream of Egypt. He saw her open her arms wide which he went into her arms and felt her hugging him in response. He sighed from the hug to feel himself better and released his hold on her as she did the same to put a hand on his shoulder.
He stared at Egypt who spoke “I never abandoned you after having you. You were taken away from me and raised without my influence or my say so. I just wish you would acknowledge me as the way I wanted in the first place. I was denied that opportunity of having that acknowledgement which I will have even seeing it come to fruition.”
He frowned while hearing familiar female voices speaking in unison “Not time yet, Egypt.”
The stranger saw Egypt form a big frown on her face followed by his eyes forced shut as he passed out unconscious. 

He woke up abruptly feeling like needing to wake up and went to a spot in the room in front of the closed wooden door and kneeled shutting his eyes mediating as the memory's events flashed in his mind. He breathed deeply through his nose as he mediated and opened his eyes as the lights appeared to be dim which he heard a throat clearing noise sounding behind him spun around getting up to stand with a start. The stranger turned to see Egypt was there appearing to look solid and not ghostly looking while standing in front of his bed. The stranger stared at her with a frown as she stared at him back seemingly happy to see him. He found her skin turning all green colored with eyes yellow golden colored to his confusion as her form showed bat wings onto her back while wearing a red dress and floating in front of him. He found Egypt having a bottle like crown on top of her head appearing to be bare of hair.
He heard from her “Remember, Lance.”
He stiffened as memories of himself as Lance flashed in his mind. The stranger gasped bending down putting hands on his forehead while shaking his form from shock running through him as he realized that he was Lance himself and that Egypt was his mother. He continued to feel the shocking feeling running through him as he recalled his life as Lance being raised by a woman named Helene who influenced him to kill a male, a King named Brittan which he succeeded in doing during a battle and wound up killed himself from someone else he sensed had seen him doing that and killed him on Helene's orders due to recognizing the male as one of her own servants. He continued to recall that Egypt wanted him to acknowledge her as his Mother and was willing to pay a price for that to happen. The stranger assumed his identity was Lance breathed hard through his nose as he straightened up his form to stand and removed his hands while staring at Egypt who still had that happy look in her eyes and face while having a manoid Egyptian form instead of her other form of green scaly skin and bat wings. He didn’t comment a word as Egypt reached out a hand appearing to shift from manoid Egyptian to clawed with blackness back and forth. 
The stranger found Egypt's hand turning manoid touched him on the cheek while saying “Oh my son, how long I waited for this moment.”
He breathed deeply through his nose as he felt Egypt’s hand on his cheek that felt real to him as she continued to speak “I never stopped caring about you over the years you were raised without me raising me. I would think about you from time to time wondering how you were and wondering if you were told about me as you grew up. It appears from the looks of what I’ve seen from you in this body form you’re in now healed of your mortal wound of being stabbed in the back via sword.”
He sighed as Egypt removed her hand from his cheek to his shoulder while continuing talking he grimacing from pain digging into the area “I don’t know how but the all seeing Goddess took pity on me wishing to have you in my life had some messenger land on my doorstep telling me about you meeting King Brittan in peace. I realized from my powers that you were my son went to Hamden in hopes of meeting you for the acknowledgement as you calling me Mother and I seeing you as my son. It pained me to find you dead during the midst of a battle. I pleaded to the Goddess to restore you back to life. The Goddess’s three servants the three sisters heard my prayer and came to me telling me I would have what I want but I would have to wait for it to happen.”
He didn’t say a word as Egypt rubbed his shoulder removing the paining feeling while continuing talking “I did what I could to wait even using my powers on you to see your body remained intact. I ordered you placed in a cave in a box for me to look at without opening it where I would watch on you from time to time. Even not letting death stop me from the watching you guarding you from harm till you were found and brought back to life and transported to this place you are now.”
He again kept his mouth shut as Egypt continued talking “Helene was really after the throne this Brittan was currently holding uniting the national territories underneath his rule hence she having you kill him. She wanted to be Pharaoh and was willing to do what it takes to achieve that goal even raising my son, you to kill him for the crown. She had one of her servants kill you after you killed Brittan just to make sure that you wouldn’t take the crown for that killing.”
He frowned forming it on his face as Egypt continued talking “It’s a pity that Helene’s work was for nothing. One of her servants wound up betraying her confidence and talked to others in King Brittan’s circle about her goal which she wound up imprisoned and her lands and home taken away which she later died contained. I managed to convince the prison warden to let me have Helene’s body so I could properly depose it along with using my powers to see that her spirit was gone for good and not causing any havoc.”
He continued to stare at Egypt who without another word hugged him abruptly he again grimacing from stinging pains hitting him from her touching him.
He hugged her back and felt compelled to speak which he blurt “Mother.”
He felt himself shocked by his admission as Egypt hugged him tighter sensing what he said was what she wanted from him. He hugged her in response feeling himself becoming happy from the hugging. He sighed and then groaned as she broke off the hug removing his arms to place her hands on his shoulders.
He stared at her as she leaned forwards and kissed him on the forehead and added breaking off the kiss “I finally have what I want and I can rest easy from that.”
He felt his eyes forced shut came to finding himself kneeling facing the door with the lights overhead blaring. He jerked his eyes open with a start and got up looking around seeing nothing was amiss. He felt himself tired and needing to sleep figured he’ll do it. Still sighing he went to his bed yawning and eyed the bed with relief. He went to the bed and pulled the blankets off as he got in and put the blankets on his form up to his chest and fluffed the pillow with his hands before settling his head on it. He eyed the ceiling overhead shining round circular like sun lights that shut themselves off abruptly plunging the room into darkness illuminating everything clearly in one color like day vision to his shock. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and shut his eyes allowing himself to fall asleep despite shock running through him. He dreamed of Egypt having a manoid form of an Egyptian smiling standing on what appeared to be a cloud and then watched as she turned around and glided away sunlight becoming brighter and brighter blocking his view of her till she disappeared from his eyesight as the sunlight faded away showing nothing in its place. He asleep formed a smile realizing that his mother was finally at peace and himself knowing who he was.
He mentally thought while still smiling “I am Lance.”
The stranger passed out unconscious to come to smelling food triggering his mouth to water abruptly. He woke up and went to the door finding it was ajar with food in bowls sitting on a stand in the hallway lighted by glowing lights that didn't indicate of eater to him by smell hung from the walls. 
He felt himself confused to think to himself "Why is the mysterious inhabitants of the monastery have me out of the room instead of just keeping me isolated in my sleeping room along with only dropping off nourishments once they were sure I was passed out unconscious or not aware of them doing the drop off?" 
He exhaled a breath and went to the food to sit hearing a door slam sound behind him to find the sleeping room's door shut and giving off an unfamiliar noise with an odd female monotone voice speaking "Door locked."
The stranger figured that his name was Lance, frowned hearing that language and voice tone felt familiar to him but wasn't sure of what it was, felt himself terribly hungry ate the food via using his hands due to unsure of how to eat them including sipping via bowl rim its liquid's contents. He was completely done eating and drinking to stand up taking a look around in the hallway he assumed was it looking like it was like a castle's walls from the looks of it except for the glowing lights to find a castle like drawbridge gate slamming down in the direction he was facing with spear points jutting from it. Lance exhaled a breath and inhaled turning around to go in the direction the monastery inhabitants wanted him to go to. He followed the hallway seemingly having closed doors on both sides of him that gave up their familiar wording to him when he tried to open each of them by hand on the doorknob he assumed were they. 
He exhaled a breath and figured "I'll follow the hallway and give up trying doors." 
He proceeded to do seemingly lengthy finding a set of stone stairs going up. Lance followed finding himself having to use night vision he assumed was the all one colored eyesight due to the glowing lights weren't there and in place of each of them were one figure of male form covered up in all odd soft clothing that seemed to be different from his time as Lance's clothing who had a stick weapon in their hands. The figures to his annoyance attacked him with swinging the weapon aimed at his head while trying to avoid him trying to knock the weapon out of their hands as if compelled to do it. He found himself doing movements of kicking and fisting and arm swinging. The movements seemed familiar to him like he had muscle memory of doing them despite not doing them as Lance. He was doing them aimed at each fighting figure enough to get them knocked off their feet hitting their backs or head. The figures appearing to have form still like unconscious while hearing some loud noise that sounded like the door's noises after it slammed itself shut or tumbling down the steps after pushing them to do that and hearing odd noises that made him confused other than hearing the familiar noises. He kept up the fighting style combat onto multiple figures he met on the stairwell till he reached the top showing a metal door in the wall ending in like a dead end. Lance frowned seeing the door was shut and having some beeping light blinking from something next to it his mind told him was a button panel he finding himself shocked to identify it. He eyed the panel warily till the door slid open showing a lengthy round hallway by top with light of sunlight shining through and a flat bottom floor that didn't seem to indicate anything to him as he walked into the hallway and stiffened looking up through the rounded end to see something that his mind told him was water including various fishes of different sizes swimming in view some swimming elsewhere. He looking at the sides to find one side had a rocky wall while the other side was seemingly endless of one color of sunlight shining through and had multiple fishes swimming in sight all over. He frowned but followed the hallway till he reached the end to find a see through door from mind identifying it with three males standing behind it two forming blank expressions on their faces while the third had some glaring expression on his face despite arms folded. All clad in some odd colored clothes that was different from his Lance clothing. 
Lance frowned eyeing the arm folded male in the eyes his mind said "Captain Leroy." 
He frowned of the wording in his mind as he continued to eye the arm folded male who jabbed a finger aimed in his direction to see the door open going sideways leaving nothing in place of him and the three males. The arm folded male resumed folding his arms while giving off a familiar sound he feeling confused to what it was till he stiffened getting a headache hitting his head to rub a hand on his forehead while grimacing visibly on his face. He wound up to get memories of a male named Robert as dubbed and not as Lance Richard as he thought. He recalled given the name of Jinx for being a member of the military group dubbing themselves Rakcar, aka the Marines Corps on the planetary world named Hades' Realm. Its eternal darkness status on one side of the planet while eternally sunlight in the other side. It was reportedly like that from its twin sized planet dubbed Ares' realm orbiting the planet locking it in it sided status as the other planet was locked in that status as well. Both planets traveled around the sun in some big circle like status with other uncounted number of planets in the Isis's system hostile for manoid life to live on without special gonoid abilities or machinery help. Lance figured he'll take the Robert name as he frowned eyeing the arm folded male he recognized as Robert's commander of the Marine Corp's group involving him dubbed Captain. He found Captain and the males' forms shift into green skinned humanoids with round domed heads, yellow golden eyes and silver colored uniforms on their forms.
He spoke as if feeling like needing to do it "Sir something I can do for you?"
He frowned at the accent and language use he used that sounded different from the Lance's language and accent and different from the language used in Egyptia involving hissing. 
He eyed Captain who rolled his golden eyes before focusing onto him and jabbing a finger aimed at him and forming his familiar noises he figured was throat clearing. Robert came to realize that he was only clad in a pair of tight shorts covering his sensitive part and seat and nothing else on his form or shoes on his feet. 
Robert recalled fully what Captain was indicating spoke "Excuse me sir but where can I get properly attired?"
He frowned eyeing Captain who spoke "Come along." 
Robert wordlessly followed Captain finding him and the blank faced expression males taking up the rear shifting into manoid Egyptian forms to his confusion. He found them in a hallway twin to the one he was in before indicating the water scene seemingly lengthy till a door of metal came into sight which he saw split in two showing an all metallic square room. 
He figured was an elevator which he got inside and heard Captain Leroy order "Deck Two now."
He recalled as if compelled "The Marine Corp's home base was underwater in the sunlight portion of the planet. It's due to that it was completely filled with water with no land seen. The area had underwater homes and bases for people to live in. I recalled that the Marine Corp group's home base was secretly in its underwater spot due to how nasty the sea life and weather elements were towards manoids traveling in the area. They always avoided it like myth like sea tales. The Marine Corp group successfully managed to build their base there. They trained the domesticated sea life to warn them of when people were attempting to come into the area to do their explorations. Sabotage would be done onto those people's sea vessels enough to kick them out." 
Robert frowned breaking his thought as the elevator stopped followed by throat clearing noises from Captain Leroy as he felt a needle dart get into his neck putting him unconscious.

Robert saw himself on a horse was riding on it reared up knocking him off the gonoid's back onto the ground his helmet flying off. Him hitting his head hard onto a rock and appearing to be knocked out unconscious as a dinosaur he recognized as a Rex chased the horse running away into the forest. 
He continued to remember to being hospitalized and later told by doctors once on awaking up with memories not fully in his mind "The Guardian force of Elizabethtown didn't come for you till a group of domesticated manoid sized dinosaurs were seen gathered near the area you were laid. They were trying to get near you to eat your body but their collars on their forms kept them away repeatedly. They wound up indicating on something which we came out and found you lying there. We brought you inside for medical care. That including of declaring you dead to your family on orders of the Marine Corps who contacted us once your identity was confirmed." 
He continued to feel disgusted hitting him as an image of a tree flashed in his eyesight making him confused. Robert focused fully in his mind eyeing it as if drawn to see a wooden door in the tree he seeing via eyesight' of a hand opening the door and showing nothing but darkness. He felt a compulsion to go inside which he obeyed falling through a hole. He saw at the bottom was a round metal circle flashing clouds in the middle of it to fall through it and came out finding himself in the sky heading towards water to fall into it with a splash he discovering himself in a lake. 
He forced himself to swim to the shore coming upon three females he recognized as Rania, Ramia, and Ralia all dressed in white robes that spoke together in unison "Maria is your name as you shall be called. We will teach you how to survive on this world to birth a son with the Father we approve shall be called by the name of Lance Richard as prophesied." 
Robert stiffened hearing that to recall it was a memory of his Mother's existence of coming upon the Isle of the Goddesses as dubbed in Hades' Realm on the sunlight side of the planet. It was due to three triplets females were seen on the island shaking their heads in a no gesture whenever anyone tried to get onto the island via boat as everything went black. 

He came to smelling something which he jerked open his eyes finding himself sitting chained in a chair clad in only his shorts on his form while underneath a spotlight. He saw in front of him was a gonoid his mind told him was a tiger having a collar and a chain attached led to a figure indicating a feminine form while wearing a hooded black robe covering her from head to foot he eyed her warily. 
He frowned eyeing the female to hear a male voice speaking "It is him the one born from the Goddess Maria dubbed the name of Lance Richard." 
Robert stiffened hearing that as the male voice continued talking "What do you have to say for your defense on this accusation hmm?"
Robert felt himself confused spoke as if feeling like needing to do it "Accusation? What are you implying?"
He jerked as he felt electrical charges hitting him from the chains wrapped around his arms and legs pinning him to the chair while grimacing fully. 
The male voice spoke "Maria has repeatedly lied over the cycles since the death of our Pharaoh that his killer wasn't her son. That despite showing some favor attitude towards the one who killed him and preserving his body and refusing people's attempts to get it traditionally burned. She repeatedly hiding the killer's body from place to place out of the Pharaoh's people's hands or attempts to burn it thwarted by her. What do you have to say about this since its obvious that your Maria's son and murderer of Pharaoh Song Lang?"
He exhaled a breath as the electrical charges stopped and inhaled to speak "Maria my Mother never raised me since I was born. Instead I was raised by another woman named Helene who used her influence without my Mother's influence to have me kill King Brittan then she had a servant of hers kill me after I did the killing." 
Robert jerked grimacing feeling electrical charges running through him as he heard from the voice "You lie on this talk! You were observed power mad and wanting to be Pharaoh and doing anything to achieve that title!"
He groaned as he felt the electrical charges stop as he felt the chains released their holds off of him and himself feeling hands familiar yanking him from the chair onto the ground to put his head on a lap and hands on his face in a familiar touch he realized with a start was his Mother Maria back in his presence. 
Robert frowned as the male voice spoke "Talk Maria on this accusation of Lance being your son. You showing favor towards him despite him identified as Pharaoh Song Lang's killer."
He kept his mouth shut as he heard his Mother's voice speaking firmly "Lance is telling the truth on being my son and not having me raise him since birth. He was taken away from me at birth by this native Rakcaran named Jayra who hid him very well from me. One of her servants she trusted told me that she had a goal of being Pharaoh and wanting the title to stand alone as ruler of us all. Jayra influenced my son to do what it takes to achieve the Pharaoh title including killing the Pharaoh himself. Hence he having this attitude on wanting the title when it was a trick to get the title herself."
He sighed feeling his Mother's hand stroking his cheek as his head lay on her lap. Robert wound up feeling himself no longer getting any pain and feeling his pains going away. 
He heard the male voice speak "Lance must be punished for the death of our Pharaoh by his hand." 
Robert heard his Mother speaking "He already has been punished by being killed by another's hand after he killed the Pharaoh himself."
He frowned hearing that inwardly as there was silence then heard "Lance will be exiled to Humania where he'll live the remainder of his life knowing what he did was wrong. It's his punishment to keep him alive."
He didn't say a word as Maria was heard "Remember me my son."
Then was followed by a roaring sound that made him confused to hearing it and it sounded familiar. It was sounding of a dinosaur to him which he found himself lying on the ground hearing electrical zapping noises sounding loudly including multiple beeping noises. A gonoid's noises sounding like a horse to him jerked open his eyes. He felt pain on the back of his head to find the horse standing nearby him in the clearing giving off loud neighing sounds while seeing the city of Elizabethtown's wall in his eyesight. He rolled over groaning while rubbing the back of his head feeling himself confused to why he had that dream involving some ancient legend named Lance Richard identifying the male as himself. He got up finding his helmet in the horse's mouth who thrust it to him which he took and placed back onto his head and adjusted its pinching his chin strap to be on keeping the head gear from falling off his head. Robert groaned feeling himself still suffering head pain from the fall off the horse. He went to the mare and got onto her onto the saddle and gripped the reins and allowed her to have her head running with the city's fence wall off his right till the entrance arrived in sight having doors open to his relief as he and the mare went inside finding the entrance remained open. He got off the horse and manipulated the gates to get inside the city's boundary surrounded by the stone metallic fence keeping out animals and dinosaurs. He through got back onto the horse and allowed her to gallop towards the bright lights of the city blaring in view. He guided the mare towards it to find people out and about appearing to be in the middle of Lancelot midnight celebrations from the looks of it making him groan knowing that his Mother wouldn't be happy with him being late arriving as promised that he would arrive to her building to see her and meet her new husband and stepbrother son of her husband. He guided the horse to the building to find a police car parked in front as he got off the horse and frowned finding the cop coming out of the building that did a double take look seeing him and flashing some flashlight onto his face making him blink from the glare. Before flashing a small hologram picture of his ID identifying him as Lieutenant Robert O'Neil as he halted the horse to see the cop frown visibly. 
Robert frowned as the cop spoke to his radio "Missing person is found so cancel that silver alert now." 
He eyed the cop warily as the male added as a cop on a horse arrived into view grabbing the reins from his hands and galloping the horse away "Would you come with me Mister O'Neil?'
He frowned but gave a head bob in response as the cop got him inside his vehicle in the back and lifted it up in the air flying over the city towards the hospital he saw like a helicopter. The building glimpsed from the sign of it indicating it and the beeline direction the car was going. He frowned as the cop landed the vehicle on the landing pad and then got him out and inside the hospital where he was thrown in multiple tests including tested on his head injury.
The medics' doctor told him "Your head injury is seriously deadly without medical intervention. Hence the cop right to bring you to the hospital for a check up along with given a sleep drug to sleep off the injury." 
He found himself passed out unconscious. 

The stranger assuming his name was Robert woke up finding himself lying in a bed clad in shorts with a blanket on top of him that seemed to be a hospital bed judging by the machinery heard beeping all over the place. He saw an older female having a familiar face seated next to the bed holding his hand and looking like she was crying. 
Robert blurted to his shock "Mother." 
He eyed the female his Mother who stopped her crying by wiping her tears with a cloth and stood up to lean over him gently kissing him on the forehead and still gripping his hand after straightening up her form.
She spoke "I have one of my own miracles achieved which is you safe and sound at home for Lancelot just like I wanted." 
Robert sighed softly hearing that continued to eye her as she added "My sister Maria kept her promises that you would be safe from harm. It's regardless of what jinx befell you despite you keep on having bad luck situations happening to you over and over. Hence your call name of Jinx."
He exhaled a breath and gently squeezed his Mother's hand who kept talking "My husband Brittan tried to keep me from worrying about you by saying that your military training would keep you alive while traveling through the forest jungle land dubbed Lance's Kingdom to get to Elizabethtown. The Marine Corps balking on having you flown in from their location or any location from Summerland's eternal sunlight side to here Winterland's side despite its eternal darkness. Brittan assures me that you'll be fine while traveling through Lance's Kingdom that bordered both sides of light and dark on the way to Elizabethtown in the eternal dark side of the planet."
Robert frowned hearing that gave up a sigh sound and didn't protest as his Mother gently again kissed his forehead before straightening up her form. 
She adding as she released her hold on his hand "Just rest, Robert. You'll be out of this hospital in no time to celebrate the holidays with I and family. I can't wait for you to meet Brittan your stepfather and your stepbrother who have heard various tales related to you being hit with injuries over the years I raised you. It was before you went to join the Marine Corps, hence the nickname of Jinx used onto you repeatedly over and over. I'm just surprised that the Marine Corps is using that name Jinx as your call sign nickname instead of some other name. Oh well. Get some rest now and I assure you that you'll be fine despite your head injury." 
He gave his Mother a head bob in response as she gently forced his eyes shut. He passed out unconscious to come to feeling a rumbling vibration on top of his chest. He jerked open his eyes to see the rumbling was from a cat purring away while sitting on his chest as he looked around discovering himself in his childhood bedroom at his Mother's apartment. Robert recognized the cat as Miss February as she was dubbed by his Mother with no explanation given. He frowned as Miss February got up arching her back to lick his face with her rough tongue before jumping off the bed and going through the bedroom door having a cat door for her. Robert got up finding the time indicated it was late morning despite the night vision still through his eyesight. He found himself clad only in his shorts. He went to a dresser and pulled on a pair of pants and a long sleeve top and slippers onto his feet and left the bedroom going downstairs to the living room to find his Mother there seated on a couch with a male next to her. The male had King Brittan's looks complete with the mustache and beard but had shorter blond hair. Robert wound up noticing a young male looking his age but younger appearing to be a teenager facial appearance twin to the one who killed him as Lance from his dream he assumed was it as a dream scenario. The male and the room was illuminated by the bright lamps in the room and the eater at the fireplace burning away. 
He frowned as his Mother got up from the couch and spoke "This is my son Robert O'Neil. This is Brittan my husband and this is your stepbrother, his son Guard Beers." 
Robert spoke as Brittan got up from the couch to offer his hand he shaking it "Nice to meet you sir." 
He clamped his mouth shut once they finished hand shaking to eye the stepbrother who gave a hand wave towards him. Guard appeared to be having some device in his hands he was busy thumbing it away after stopping the hand wave to resume looking down at it. He frowned eyeing the stepbrother as Brittan was heard "Don't mind my son. He's obsessed like teenagers nowadays with this device called cell phone. His obsession is enough to spend hours on it and sending millions of text email messages onto it to his friends including a girl he's love struck on at the moment. He habitually likes girls and keeps up trying to bankrupt me in trying to impress them enough to get them to date him. That despite not getting it that being himself is the best way to go like what happened with your Mother and I falling in love and getting married. I'm sorry that you weren't able to get away from your training duties to attend the wedding. It's due to your Commander not finding that wedding as an excuse to see us. He relented on allowing you here for Lancelot celebrations and New Cycle Day holidays. I heard he relent on letting others in the military be allowed to spend the holidays with their family before returned back to service. Anyhow there's gifts for you underneath the tree waiting for you to open. We already opened our gifts and left them displayed around the tree. The wrapped presents are for you actually."
Robert frowned but went to the tree to find five wrapped presents one from his Mother by the label. He opened finding it was a military helmet which he tried on and found the strap didn't pinch his chin too much. 
Robert took it off to sigh loudly before hearing from his Mother "The hospital tested you thoroughly and discovered this strap problem onto your chin area indicating it. I'm not happy that the Marine Corps didn't do anything about it. I sending them a message via video phone to complain about that. You having a head injury from not having your helmet on securely due to that problem. 
The Marine Corps in response has ignored my video message instead said the same old message of 'Your message has been received and considered thank you.' Hmph."
He frowned to open a present from Brittan to find a book he took a peek through was empty with blank pages and included a pen on the cover. 
He heard from his stepfather "Just something for you to jot down your thoughts. It's for while you're out traveling via foot or horseback back to the Marine Corps' location wherever that is." 
He gave a head bob in response to open the third present finding it was from his Aunt Maria to find it included a rope choker like necklace with a pendant of some purple stone attached. 
He heard from his Mother "Your Aunt thinks it'll bring you good luck and stop that bad luck always happening to you. She keeps on thinking that giving you various items related to her Goddess religious beliefs will help stop the bad luck happening to you and this time bring good luck despite disasters keep befell you as always." 
He shrugged in response to put on the choker necklace by chain strap and felt it seemed to fit him. He opened the fourth present finding it was from his stepbrother to find a magazine featuring women bare of clothes inside. 
He heard in response "Drat that son of mine for thinking you would have that attitude. Anyway hand me that magazine while I depose that thing. I don't think the Marine Corps would permit you to have it on your person." 
Robert exhaled a breath and held up the magazine as Brittan took it and walked out of sight into a doorway. He opened the fifth present finding it was a box long in shape and managed with work to rip it open to find a Lance like sword inside that seemed old with blood stains on it to his confusion to hear crying sounds. He picked the sword up to find everything all around him turning black. This was followed by feeling himself lying in some bed bare of clothes on his form with a blanket covering him from the chest down that seemed odd to his form. He felt pain on his back all over the place that made him groan loudly while forming a grimace on his face. He heard the crying sounds of a woman stop followed by a loud gasp sound before feeling someone sitting next to him on the bed to grip his hand and rubbing a hand on his forehead. He continued to shake the sleepiness from him jerking open his eyes looking around to see a stone like circular room to discover the hand's owner was Egypt his Mother clad in her purple dress having tears spilling from her eyes and looking upset while still rubbing his forehead. 
He frowned staring at her with confusion as she spoke "Lance, everything will be alright for you now. I convinced the others to only whip you on the back enough to cause scars as punishment for killing King Brittan himself." 
Robert stiffened as he recalled the whipping fully in his mind that was very painful including adjusting his mind into a trance like status to avoid feeling the pain. It brought that dream scenario to his mind as a way of coping with the pain onto his back and passing out unconscious during the whipping. 
He recalled hearing his Mother herself screaming loudly "The whipping is to stop! He had enough of it! I don't want to beg the Guardian of Life and Death again for him to survive!" 
Robert frown eyeing her forming that expression on his face as Egypt continued on rubbing a hand on his forehead followed by forcing his eyes shut. He came to feeling a rumbling vibration feeling familiar indicating a cat and jerked open his eyes with night vision finding himself back in a familiar bedroom belonging to him as Robert O'Neil living with his Mother Helene. He frowned feeling himself confused to why he was back in his trance status again despite his back not that painful when felt resumed sleeping. Robert found himself shifting back and forth from waking up in bed with Egypt sitting next to him holding his hand and rubbing his forehead. This including waking up in bed with Helene sitting next to him holding his hand this time and not the cat sitting on his front both looking concerned and seemingly upset to him. 
He after an uncounted number of waking up back and forth between bedrooms spoke loudly uncaring if it was towards either woman "Stop it now! Stop this dream now! Stop it and get me to reality now! I insist this ends now!"
He saw the scenes went black in response to his words. Robert wound up to come to feeling himself falling through darkness despite no night vision flaring. The darkness seemed endless and the same with the falling till he found light blaring into his eyes abruptly making him squint from the glare that along with shaking his head and trying to get the light's blinding source away from his eyes. He felt himself lying in a bed from the feel including chain manacles wrapped around his wrists and ankles pinning them to the bed's sides. He felt relief as the light's glare stopped followed by focusing his eyes onto a male with King of Mahalia Nikolas's facial appearance and short blond hair remove the light's source he recognized as a flashlight while clad in a doctor's uniform involving the Marine Corps complete with the insignia on the jacket. 
He frowned eyeing the male he assumed was a doctor who spoke "Test subject Lance appears to be lucid judging by stimulation of reacting to the flashlight and looking alert. Lance is indicating some Humanity awareness judging by the look in his eyes aimed at me." 
Robert frowned forming it on his lips hearing the doctor's wording use of Lance as the male shifted to look in another direction while adding "As far as I'm concern for the test subject Lance. He survived the serum injected into him and appears to not have the insanity associated with the medicine. He is completely healed from the mortal injury to his back so he's fine as far as I see it." 
Robert shifted to look where the doctor was looking to find a familiar male he saw was Captain Leroy. This time was wearing different clothes on his form consisted of clothes twin to King Brittan's, Helene's husband's clothes of brown shoes, blue pants a blue jacket and a white shirt peeking out standing there with arms folded. 
Captain Leroy spoke "Good, doctor. I have questions that need answering and I do hope that the serum didn't affect his memory enough to answer them." 
Robert continued to eye the male as the doctor's voice was heard "Rest assured that his memory is intact period. He'll be able to answer questions as crystal clearly as you want sir." 
He kept his eyes on the doctor as the male added turning to look at him "Your name is according to legend Lance Richard who reportedly killed Pharaoh Song Lang a leader of the United Nation of Humania during ancient Humanian times. Evidence of your body's hiding place by this female answering to the name of Egypt was deciphered by cryptic notes left by her. It happened before she passed away. The notes found and solved which your body was found somewhere in Humania. It was secretly transported to a military base in Hades' Realm for seeing on restoring you to life despite your body indicating on being in some trance like shut down status actually once thoroughly tested. The serum I'm talking about was some medicine invented to bring you out of your trance like status. It later healed you of your mortal injury to your back. You should be fine for living as long as your body lets you live. It's due to indicating that the serum is out of your body and your internal organs are functioning normally again after no use of not doing that."
Robert frowned forming it on his lips as the doctor added looking at the arm folded male Captain Leroy he glimpsed still arms folded "He's ready for you to question him now."
He eyed Captain Leroy who walked forwards arms still folded and spoke "So tell me Lance of your life back in Pharaoh's time including answering questions I ask you I want answered." 
Robert gulped but kept the frown on his face as Captain Leroy proceeded to question him about living a life as Lance Richard. 
He found himself answering honestly as he could from memories of them fully in his mind including adding "I seem to have this memory of living a life as this person named Robert whoever he is." 
He saw the male form a big frown on his face before glancing at the doctor who he saw spoke "Interesting sounds like Lance suffered some insanity while healing with the serum running through his body hence he imaging this Robert O'Neil's life." 
Robert heard an edge in the doctor's voice tone that indicated on something was unsaid as he shifted to eye the arm folded male who spoke "Robert passed away due to a mortal injury to his head. His internal organs were taken out and given to people who's internal organ wasn't functioning properly. One of his organs was implanted inside you to replace an injury to an organ that wasn't functioning properly. Those people who have his organs like any other person who have organs of another implanted inside their bodies have cases of having clear memories of the victim who supplied the organs in the first place as experiencing it as their life very realistically. You having memories of Robert O'Neil who was nicknamed Jinx by his family members for getting injured a lot was from an organ from his body implanted inside you. Hence you feeling like you're him and living his life. Something that has repeatedly happened to people who have received an implanted organ from someone else that passed away."
Robert frowned hearing that as the male continued talking after clearing his throat "Robert O'Neil's family will be very interested in wanting to know what memories you acquired from him. It's due to verbalizing that request to the hospital repeatedly including whoever caring to listen. They wanted to have one of the recipients to have a clear memory of Robert's fighter ride to Humania. It's where he was found dead near the entrance of Egypt's temple a victim of a head injury indicating he ejected himself threw him off. That's from being attacked by a rogue dinosaur. That's due to them seen gnawing away on a horse carcass nearby and unable to get near him due to the collars on them keeping his body safe. Also his body was found leaning against the wall of the city's boundary that kept the dinosaurs from targeting him due to their collars indicated on them to stay away from there."
He gave off a soft groan sound softly to stiffen as a memory came to his mind fully to see himself riding a horse. Robert saw himself clad in the uniform of the Marine Corps and a round helmet on top of the head on horseback through a forest jungle underneath the moonlight sky with the Elizabethtown's boundary wall off the right. He hearing multiple beeping noises till a loud roaring sound of a dinosaur was heard followed by a Rex not wearing a collar burst out of the bushes off his left. It wound up putting its mouth onto his head and biting it hard only tearing off the helmet. The male kept the horse to run faster as the dinosaur spit out the helmet seen and followed running after them. It was followed by succeeding on biting the horse's rump hard causing the horse to tip to the side violently making Robert fly off of it hitting the city's stone wall with his head on the side with a loud crack sound heard and sliding down as if dead. The dinosaur without collar proceeded to eat the horse's body including not sparing anything on it. It wound up leaving a carcass of bones before going away into the bushes ignoring Robert's body leaning against the wall. 

Robert heard a clapping noise as he saw fully in his mind a mirror image of a male he recognized as himself he saw as Victor King of Mahalia wearing a suit. 
He stiffened as the male flashed an all white eyed look and spoke "It's not your time to go. You're to remain living as I the Guardian of Life and Death decreed it. Your life is your own now and not as me the Guardian of Egyptia containing me in this prison. You're free to live the remainder of your life living forever with death and illness cannot touch you."
This was followed by blinking his eyes of a flashlight's glare onto his eyes as the scene disappeared from his mind. He shook his head and focused onto the doctor again. 
He spoke the memory of Robert's death fully in his in his mind loudly to see the male shift in a direction and speaking "Did you get that talk?"
He eyed the direction the doctor was looking to see the familiar arm folded male was there who spoke while holding up a blinking tubal device in his hand "I have the talk recorded. I'll get it to the others to get a printed transcript to the O'Neil family. His wording confirms what was indicated among the city's sensors' and domesticated dinosaurs. There's a rogue dinosaur not wearing a restraint that caused the attack onto Robert's horse. Robert indicated of being thrown off and died from the injury judging by the coroner determining that. Pardon." 
He watched as the arm folded male walked out of sight behind a white curtain his mind told him what it was despite thinking tapestry. 
He shifted his eyes onto the doctor who gave up a loud groan sound before adding in a loud whispering tone "Just wish I could tell the O'Neil family that their Robert is alive and well with Mister Guard Beers taking his place. Robert actually survived the head injury but actually injected with a serum to keep his mind organ alive. It is some hallucination medicine and the DNA of Lance's for gaining his memories of his life back in ancient Egytpia's time just to answer questions people wanted to know." 
He stiffened hearing the doctor's words to realize with a start that the doctor wasn't lying on what he said by senses telling him it was the truth. It was due to fully recalling of waking up after hitting the wall and forcing himself to use the wall due to dizziness to travel to the city's entrance. He finding himself ignored by the rogue dinosaur as dubbed and still targeted by other dinosaurs who's collars kept them away from him. Inside the entrance finding the doors open he got inside and found the doors shut after him followed by the gate entrances opening. Males wearing uniforms of Marine Corps coming into view that injected him with a needle dart in his neck knocking him out unconscious. 
He felt himself annoyed hearing the doctor's confession as the male added in a louder tone appearing to address him "Anyway Lance I'll see that you receive the proper clothing and nourishment including taught how to live properly on this planetary world Ares' Realm as its called. That despite assumed it's a military base living in harsh conditions. Its actually used for people declared dead on Humania and her planetary colonies to live the remainder of their lives till its time for death to claim them." 
He didn't say a word in response felt himself further annoyed as the doctor walked out of sight. He shifted to glare at the ceiling seeing a round black dome with a jutting red light indicate of a recording camera as his senses blared warning unexpectedly. He figured to himself that his senses were telling him it involved the camera recording him. He continued to stare at the thing lengthy feeling himself not inclined to sleep to hear a faint roaring noise sounding within his mind. It made him form confusion on his face. He felt pain hitting him right on the back over his heart making him arch his back groaning loudly. He kept up the groaning of pain till the doctor returned waving a flashlight over his eyes he ignored. He felt the pain continued to hear a sound of surprise from the doctor making him annoyed as he arched his back. Robert kept up the back arching while still restrained in the chain manacles on the bed from pain hitting him. He gritted his teeth to hear a loud roaring noise sounded within his mind to see a familiar see through wall form into his mind with some creepiness felt. Robert exhaled a breath once done arching his back from the pain to breathe deeply through his mouth. He shook his head of the flashlight to find it refused to leave his eyes. He glared at the doctor who injected a needle dart into his arm. Robert felt himself sleepy shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Robert wound up to come to finding himself lying on a bed contained in some tube lying horizontal with walls blaring a red color. It was making him confused to where he was as he felt himself weary but not tired enough to sleep as the wall off his right opened. He felt the bed move out of the tubal area sliding till it completely out and then went down like an elevator. It was followed by a female wearing a medical doctor's jacket standing in view waving a device attached to her left hand and left arm over him. 
He frowned eyeing the blond haired female who spoke "Your fine medically so get up now. You slept enough for transportation to Anubis. Like anyone aboard this transport ship went through being in some sleeping status for transport from Humania and to any of the planets in the Isis's galaxy system."
Robert obeyed getting up from the bed finding himself only clad in shorts covering his sensitive part and seat areas. He feeling confused to the planetary world's name of Anubis she referred due to not hearing it before. He eyed the doctor who gave off a giggle sound and appeared to look amused. 
He gave her a glare who formed a firm expression of a frown in response to his facial expression and spoke "Come with me now."
Robert obeyed following her to while looking around the surrounding area to see multiple tubal areas in one wall all shut and all not appearing to hold people in them. He wordlessly followed her through corridors feeling gravity keeping him walking normally and not floating like he expected from being transported to space to learn how to be an astronaut. Robert felt himself confused to where the fact of twin planetary worlds having some stuck rotation of having eternal dark and sunlight sides came to his mind in the first place. He finding no answer to his mind of where he conjured that idea up. He frowned as he followed the doctor to spot a window showing space in a hallway wall to show outside the sunlight dimly shining. He stiffened as he saw the ship was orbiting a planet that had a twin planet nearby in vicinity. It made him think of his mind's contents of those two planetary worlds and still confused on the name of Anubis used. He stopped looking to follow the doctor to an area he assumed was medical bay where she got him dressed into a uniform of black military style boots, green pants, and a grey t shirt like top that felt snug on his form to see the doctor still giving off that giggle sound and looking amused. 
He resumed the glaring expression to get handed a hairbrush and a hair band and told "You're to brush your hair." 
He obeyed finding it was longer length a bit pass his shoulders and this time appeared to be in the dirty blond color instead of his usual black hair as Lance and brown hair as Robert. 
He pulled his hair back into a tail then held up the hairbrush which the doctor spoke "Keep it you need it more than I do." 
Robert didn't comment a response pocketed the thing into one of his pockets of his pants and then eyed the doctor while clearing his throat loudly. 
She added once he cut his noises "Oh the name is Night and that's all you'll know of me period. It's as ordered by my Captain towards anyone we transport anywhere by this supply ship. It mostly focuses onto being in space secretly transporting people anonymously. Hence I can't ask for your name and only known as for transporting supplies to colonies that need it. Sorry I can't say much involving this ship and crew. The Captain insists that contact between people we transport be limited to me and select crew members who's identities are hidden. Just to keep us out of being targeted by the law harshly so I can't explain that either. Excuse me while I go contact the Captain to say that you're up and awake and awaiting transport to Anubis." 
Robert frowned eyeing Night who without a word went to a console to sit behind it on a desk and pressed some buttons onto it while adding loudly "Captain, the transporter is up and awake in medical bay. He's awaiting transport to Anubis as ordered for the merchandise to arrive."
He heard nothing from the Captain only to see Night nodding her head before pressing some buttons and leaning back staring at him with various amused and frown facial expressions. Making him annoyed enough to think of attacking her to grab her head and snap it enough to kill her for that staring getting to him. He heard the door to the room slid open showing two crew members in male forms wearing green jumpsuits and boots like his and round helmet like heads covering their heads entirely including their faces coming into the medical room. 
He heard from Night "Your escort is here to get you to the ship to Anubis so take off, your done being in here anyway." 
Robert obeyed finding himself towering over the males as one led the way with the other behind him. He feeling like they were actually females disguised as males judging by their heights and the way the escort walked that indicated hips swiveling to him. He knew that males don't have. He kept his mouth shut in response to that thought as they led him to a big metal box with an opening by a side down. One jabbing a finger aimed at him and the box to get inside he exhaling a breath obeyed. He finding them shutting the box closed locking him inside leaving night vision of all green to his shock blaring in his eyesight. He looked around finding an apparent medical oxygen like mask attached to the wall as he felt the box moving. He grabbed the mask putting it on covering his mouth and nose breathing in the air that seemed familiar and stinky stale to him. He finding himself still inclined to stay awake as water filled up the box to his shock. He felt the wall of the box to feel it moving as if gliding then felt himself floating indicating it in water tank and himself feeling a coldness feeling hitting him. Then the floating feeling stopped followed by a descending feeling felt and there was thumping all over the place making him put hands and feet onto the walls to feel like a cylinder to him to keep himself from getting bruises from hitting them from the tumbling. 
Robert mentally spoke using alien thought "This is ridiculous being transported like this. I don't like it a bit Hmph." 
He felt the tumbling stop followed by a hovering motion then a thud and rolling motion making him slide back and forth before stopping. Then was suddenly stopped which he heard nothing and then felt it gliding in a fast move before slamming itself down and a box's wall slamming open. It was followed by a glare of a flashlight shining onto him making him blink his eyes from day vision blaring. 
He heard in response "Get your seat out of that box now!"
He obeyed to get out of the box after removing the oxygen mask. He frowning to find the flashlight holder was escorted by several others glimpsed. He stood with his hands up in the air. 
Robert frowned inwardly as the voice spoke sounding military like to him "Confirm or deny that your Robert Verona aka Lance as your call sign?"
He spoke loudly as if compelled words coming out of his mouth shocking him "I confirm that so why are you asking me that?"
He heard in response "Don't ask the Commandant questions period. Only he can ask questions aimed at anyone including aimed at you underneath his military command." 
Robert frowned finding the voice was different from the one who asked him question. He clamped his mouth shut and kept his arms up. 
The voice who asked him the question blared "Drop down and give me twenty pushups for being stupid."
He frowned hearing the voice as the Commandant he assumed spoke that obeyed. He getting onto the metallic ground and doing the pushups all twenty of them in a some what slow move due to feeling inclined to do it before forcing himself to get up awkwardly despite inclined to get up via combative art move training. 
He stood up once done to eye the flashlight holder who added "Nice try with that stunt of being slow with the pushups and getting up awkwardly, Guardian. Your military service of regardless of what it is even back on Humania is very well detailed including your habit of doing pushups fast including getting up in some acrobatic move every time your ordered to the ground to do any exercises." 
Robert exhaled a breath hearing the name of Guardian from the Commandant who continued "Alright get Guardian to the barracks now!"
He saw two figures come into view appearing to be males by their body forms. The males having pulled back black hair both wearing identical clothes as his and goggles over their eyes he noticed had scaly skin. He figured helped them see in the dark with heights a head shorter than him and still indicating their maleness status as they grabbed his arms by their hands feeling masculine to the feel. They pulled him towards the flashlight holder he eyeing who kept the flashlight aimed at him. He was forced walked passed the Commandant he assumed was holding that light's source. Robert continued to see with night vision in his eyesight as he was forced out of the building he assumed was a hanger to see a large military compound with clear oxygen like air he breathing it fully but remained it stinky stale smell to him. He found that the sunlight wasn't in sight and only darkness illuminated the scenery that seemed to indicate a forest jungle. The males got him to a building and one of them got his hand touching a console to hear a beep sound coming from it followed by the door to the building sliding open. Then thrust inside and hearing the door slam shut behind him which he took a look around finding himself in some military like bedroom with multiple bunks. Some having people on them appearing to either be sleeping or awake that looked like they were blind in the dark to him. He saw the room had doorways he glimpsed had a shower room and an expelling waste room both in his eyesight. 
He stood staring looking around the room to hear from one of the people speaking in a male voice tone "Guardian can see in the dark judging by his head movements."
He exhaled a breath from the Guardian name, as another voice spoke "Find yourself an empty bed Guardian. Use that as your sleeping spot whenever the lights in here are out indicating on sleeping mode times." 
He frowned but obeyed finding an empty lower bunk bed after walking around the bunks. Robert seeing some of the people were looking in his direction like they could see him. They were still having a squinted eyed look to him as he found a bed and got onto it to lie his back down and fluffed the pillow before rolling over onto his side and shutting his eyes feeling like needing to sleep. 

Robert came to hearing a loud horn sound along with blaring of overhead lights turning on brightly. He forced himself awake to get up from the bed to find all of the people in the room were males like he was with various hair colors all having various lengths but were shorter than him by a hand length. They all appearing to have scaly skin to his confusion. He feeling himself confused to why he was taller than a normal Egyptian he confused to the word, among them. They eyeing him from standing next to their beds with hands behind their backs he seeing them doing it from glancing at them with his eyes in his eyesight. He saw a male with a round dome head having scaly skin having a manoid Egyptian eyed appearance wearing a shiny blue military uniform carrying a flashlight walk into view. The male wound up going up to him to give him a scrutiny look looking him up and down and seemingly had the top of his head reach the tip of his nose. 
Robert frowned as the male he assumed was the Commandant gave him a golden eyed scrutiny look before walking away and speaking loudly "Hit the showers now!"
He obeyed finding males stripping themselves of their clothes. They ignoring the fact that they were baring themselves and darted into the shower room. He having males scrutinizing him including the Commandant. He had to fight to get into the shower room using various combative art training moves onto males who used similar moves onto him to keep him out. In an effort to have their turn with the shower he finding it a push for water shower button and found no soap included and could only wet himself fully before the water appearing to be in some lukewarm temperature went out. Then copied the males by getting out of the room going to his clothes to put on finding them scrutinizing him as they put on their own clothes and boots on including pulling out various hairbrushes and combs from their pants' pockets to attend to their hair. Some having longer lengths pulled back via hair bands he copying them. Robert stood next to his bunk bed copying the males doing it once they were done with the dressing and grooming their hair waiting while eyeing the Commandant standing back to a wall appearing to be scrutinizing him by eyes narrowed aimed in his direction. 
He stood waiting patiently as all the males finished with their showering to stand next to their beds followed by the Commandant turning on his flashlight and ordering "Move out and start jogging on the track! Be sure to show Guardian our new recruit where to go!"
He frowned following males out of the building in the darkness to find them going around the building repeatedly like it was a track he following them till he was last in line is when they stopped in front of the building's entrance in rows of fives he at the last line in a row of six to face the Commandant holding the flashlight while the barrack's building lights' were off from glimpsing the door still open. 
Robert stood with hands behind his back eyes onto the Commandant who spoke loudly "Twenty pushups Guardian, for being last!"
He obeyed doing the pushups and swung himself up to stand with an acrobatic move after doing the exercise fast while hearing multiple gasping sounds he refraining from forming any expressions on his face in reaction to the noises instead kept his face blank in response but fisted his hands behind his back and clamped his teeth shut. 
He eyed the Commandant who ordered again "Hit the mess hall and show Guardian where to go now!"
He followed males he assumed were recruits into this military group to a building to find the lights inside blaring on and blinked his eyes from the glare to see a large cafeteria like room holding machines that indicated of nourishments to him. He copied them getting drinks and food from them using trays and dishware including utensils. He went to sit down at a lone table finding recruits at tables acting hostile towards him by giving off familiar gonoid like growling noises whenever he neared their table and giving him angry glares. Robert ignored them and went to an empty table in the corner to sit eating and drinking the food while keeping the recruits in his eyesight. He wound up seeing most of them looking at him back while appearing to be getting into whispered conversations due to unable to hear the scattered talk in the room. He took in the nourishment taking his time then found the Commandant joining him at the table with a tray and still having the flashlight which the male sat having his right side aimed at recruits and his left side aimed at him. Robert kept his mouth shut as he leaned back once done and folded his arms while eyeing the recruits still whispering talk among each other. He found the Commandant ignoring him staring and didn't seem inclined to talk to him by face kept aimed at the males chattering among each other while still taking in his nourishment. 
He exhaled a breath and kept his facial expression neutral as he eyed the recruits all over the place till the Commandant was seen standing up bellowing "Put away your nourishment holders and hit the track now!"
He obeyed to copy recruits getting the nourishment holders into machinery he assumed were for cleaning and followed them keeping up with a group of them at the beginning of the line at the track and ignored attempts to get him last again. He kept up with the group till they went to resume standing in front of the barrack's building he resuming his position in the last row to eye the Commandant standing with flashlight blared over them. 
Robert frowned as he mentally spoke to himself "How long am I in this military troop for anyway?"
He heard nothing to answer his question figured he'll ask one of the recruits about that once he got the chance. 

Robert dropping the name of Guardian due to figuring out that he no longer needed it as his name. Despite referred that by the Commandant after an uncounted number of time with the military troop the recruits still not interested in talking to him or answering any talk from him aimed at them or interested in having him sit with them for meals. He stood next to his bunk bed after waking up by the familiar horn and lights blaring overhead again and done with his showering despite the usual fight to get into the room and use of shower facilities decided to call himself Robert instead. 
He stood next to his bunk bed as the Commandant spoke loudly "Stand fast now!" 
He eyed the male who left out of sight going out of the barrack's entrance leaving the door opening to hear whispered talk loudly "One of the troop members is going to be freed from punishment of being in this troop after given some implant for the eyes to see in the dark despite nearly having trouble seeing in the glaring light and almost blind in that area." 
He frowned hearing that talk as the Commandant was back with two males having goggles covering their eyes still clad in their twin uniforms similar to his as the whispering got cut off abruptly. 
Robert frowned as the Commandant spoke "Take who you're ordered to take now."
He found the males making a beeline towards him to his confusion to hear familiar gonoid like growling noises that sounded like it was the noise sounding in his mind instead of gonoid noises. His arms were grabbed and saw the Commandant looked furious by the expression on his face as he was roughly hauled out of the barrack pass growling recruits and an angry Commandant who didn't stop him being taken out to back to outside leading to the familiar hangar room. He was forced into a familiar metal box and locked inside he finding an oxygen mask nearby attached to the wall. He put on and hunted for any handholds finding nothing to indicate it as he felt the familiar transportation method movement again till the box's wall was yanked open. He followed by getting out after taking off the familiar mask to find Night in sight escorted by two short helmet covered head entirely males having gun weapons in hands. 
She looking like she was confused to see him by the expression on her face and speaking loudly "Hmm that's odd that they would free you from the prison planet after a short amount of time have passed. Nevertheless knock him out now." 
Robert found her comment confusing as one of the males aimed his gun at him and pulled the trigger to feel a stinging pain on his front. He seeing a syringe in the area along with sleepiness hitting him making him shake his head to see the floor rising up to meet him followed by feeling of a metal on his cheek and he shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Robert wound up to come to feeling a glare of a flashlight blaring in his eyes which he shook his head away from that while grimacing fully to find himself in his familiar bed. He seeing the flashlight's owner was the familiar doctor having King Nikolas's face who stopped the flashlight blaring and looking in another direction he saw was the familiar arm folded male. 
Robert frowned eyeing the male who spoke "Well Guardian, talk on what you dreamed while you were out asleep in a tube waiting for implantation you showing some expression in there indicating on dreaming of something."
He frowned hearing that saw the doctor give him a glare in response. 
He spoke the contents of what he saw and then clamped his mouth shut once done to get from the medic "Interesting considering others contained have given out twin stories like his with the Commandant identified as the Eli's mind. Some male term thinking of treating males like that while treating females in the same way. But this time using a feminine version of the Commandant with no head of hair status seen and always having a flashlight in hand." 
Robert frowned hearing that eyed the arm folded male in response who spoke "Alright get Lance out of bed and integrated into life here in Humania now." 
He frowned hearing that as the doctor freed him from the restraints. Then he was forced up finding his height similar sized as the male's despite clad only in a dress like outfit. He didn't protest as  the medic got a hold of his arm and took him pass the arm folded male sensed following to a doorway to get through. Robert found an hallway twin to the one in Marine Corps' base in Summerland's side of the planet Ares' Realm. He figuring out that Anubis was made up including the same with the prison planet. He was taken through hallways showing the sea view with one side a rocky wall view till they entered a doorway. Robert found it led to a metallic hallway which he was let go by the doctor who pushed him through which he found the arm folded male stopping his following. Robert looked to see the doctor gesture him to go through the hallway which he obeyed. He finding it was including multiple combative art machines having various knife weapons on their forms attacking him from springing from the walls to do the fighting. He found his dress get ripped from the avoidance of trying to avoiding getting cut by the knife like weapons repeatedly as he proceeded to use combative art moves onto the machines. He traveled through the hallway that seemed quite short but lengthy with the fighting challenges all over the place from the ceiling the floor and even the sides of the walls. He reached the end of the hallway to find it was a dead end ended in a smooth rock wall that filled the doorway showing no way of climbing up or anything to indicate of jumping down. He growled annoyed sound and went back down in the hallway again resuming his fighting onto the machines seemingly more violent on trying to cut or stab him. He finding himself tearing off the dress to leave only clad in his shorts as he resumed the fighting again fighting his way to the other end of the hallway despite multiple machines' success of cutting him. He avoiding them stabbing him despite attempts to do it till he reached the end of the hallway to find the doctor and the arm folded male standing there. He giving them a glare of accusation in his eyes aimed at them while folding his arms despite the pain of cuts on the area. Robert gave them both a glare as the doctor got a hold of his arm and without a comment towards him got him escorted back to his familiar bed room. He was forced to sit in bed and didn't complain as the medic ran a pen like laser over the cuts he grimacing from the stinging of them noticed them healing up leaving white lines on his form instead of blending with his tanned skin. They appeared to be visibly marking him despite having a muscular form on his body. He felt annoyance take hold as the doctor quit the laser's work to put away the device.
The doctor spoke towards the arm folded male "Well he did better than any of the recruits undergoing that knife gauntlet who had visibly scarring and stab wound injuries. Including them collapsing once done through that from the loss of blood and injuries too much for them."
Robert gave the arm folded male a glare in response as the male spoke "Fine, Lance, come with me now. Your purpose of being in the hospital is done now. You're wanted back in the Marine Corps by the General who's not going to take an excuse of you being declared dead to the world as reason for you to not come back so come with me now." 
Robert frowned but obeyed to follow the male unfolding his arms out of the room going multiple hallways still having that sea view till they reached an elevator. 
He heard the familiar command word "Deck two now."
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to frown inwardly as the elevator was felt going up showing a sea view in front above and both sides with the rocky wall behind him seemingly lengthy. The elevator jerked going horizontal going inside the rocky wall showing a cave all around them lighted up by lights shining overhead that blinked on and off illuminating parts of the cave as they passed it underneath. He frowned finding himself still having night vision after each light was blinked off blaring it in view followed by a light blaring on that kept on doing it till the elevator stopped once reaching metallic doors. The doors to both elevator and metallic doors opened showing a lighted hallway appearing to look metallic with multiple armed guards in it standing in front of doors having windows in them he glimpsing that didn't show much for him to see not having lights in them. Robert followed the male till they reached another hallway having a big metallic door in the wall with two guards holding guns in front of it that pointed their guns aimed at the both of them. 
One speaking "Halt identify yourself now!"
He found the male jabbing a finger aimed at him and speaking "He's going through I'm not." 
He exhaled a breath as the males echoed their commands which he inhaled and spoke "Lieutenant Robert O'Neil call sign Guardian." 
He frowned feeling himself shocked with what he blurt as one of the guards echoed his words as if speaking on a radio to find the arm folded male walking away. 
He stood eyeing the guards warily to hear the male speaking in some grumpy voice tone "Entry granted so hurry up and get yourself through now." 
He obeyed to walk forwards finding the metallic door slid opening into two pieces showing another hallway. He walked through and found the doors slamming shut behind him. He continued on walking taking a look finding doors having numbers on them and shut he figuring out that it was best not to open them due to noticing camera domes in the ceiling. 
He continued on walking till he reached a set of double doors in a wall off his left to find a uniformed male walking out seeing him and speaking "Get inside now." 
Robert obeyed getting himself inside to find it contained a cafeteria room with windows showing a sea view he finding others in the room gathered around a table chattering talk become silent seeing him despite he clad in only shorts. He felt himself annoyed with only being clad in shorts that felt loose on his form. He folded his arms over his chest that was bare of clothes and got pushed towards the group gathered around a table he didn't resist to that. He got sat down into a chair and ordered to eat from dishware on a tray set in front of him. He obeyed finding himself terribly hungry he ate and drank ravenously and made sure to use the utensils for the food. He once done leaned back in the chair with arms doing a different folded status while getting the tray taken away. He eyeing the males all in various uniforms including wearing suits he counted about ten of them total gathered around the table he was sitting at. One removed a blanket from the table revealing various objects. He stiffened with recognition seeing them as the clothes twin to Lance's. Not the one he wore looking very old and including an old sword weapon looking familiar. He recognized belonged to Helene's servant that killed Lance lying on top of the clothes having stained of blood on it that looked dried to him. Robert kept his mouth shut as one of the males was heard saying an ahem sound.
He heard spoken loudly "Do you recognize this sword as yours, Lance? The blood on it is a perfect match as yours via tests done comparing your DNA to it which provided a perfect match to our confusion." 
He eyed the sword warily to grimace recalling fully in his mind what it was spoke "It's the sword that was used to kill Lance actually."
Robert clamped his mouth shut in response while eyeing the speaking male who gulped to hear another ahem sounding again. 
He shifted off his right to see one of the males speaking "The clothes we found on you are they yours or were they exchanged?"
He exhaled a breath figuring out that the reason why he was brought into this room for them to question him about his life as Lance. It's due to fully having memories of the male in his mind. 
He inhaled to speak the memory of Lance's death including adding "Their not the clothes Lance wore when he died."
Robert stiffened as he heard a loud roaring noise sounding within the back of his mind making him confused to why he was hearing it. 
He heard another ahem sound ignored the speaker to focus onto the table ignoring Lance's items as he heard "Anything involving you healing from injuries to your form like your skin is indicating its no longer scarred including your back?"
He shifted to eye his arm where he recalled being cut by the knife and healed by the doctor's penlight device to find the thin white lines gone from his tanned skin. Robert exhaled a breath to eye each of the males to notice that their skin wasn't as brown as his skin and appeared to be of a light tan color while his was more brown. 
He spoke as if needing to do it "I'm not sure if I can help you on that."
Robert clamped his mouth shut while again eyeing the table to again hear the familiar roaring noises sounding within the back of his mind along with seeing the familiar see through wall. He frowned as he eyed one of the males as if drawn to see he had Daisuke's looks complete with the twin eyed look as he dropped the see through shield he assumed it was in his mind. He heard multiple gasping sounds of shock from the males as he continued to stare at Daisuke's twin who made a gesture of putting a hand over his chest fisting it with some look in his eyes that creep him out. 
Robert kept his mouth shut in response figured to himself "Something involving my eyes' change got them shocked."
He eyed Daisuke's twin as he put back the see through wall within his mind to see the male appear to look nervous before composing himself as he looked away to resume staring at the table. He eyed the table seemingly lengthy to hear an ahem sound. 
He frowned as he heard "Talk Lance on your eyes changing all black colored and resuming that blue eyed manoid look."
Robert spoke firmly "It's just a mental ability within me that gives me the ability to do it. I can will it away and will that in place back and forth."
He clamped his mouth shut in a frown while continuing to stare at the table as he heard "I'm here to check up on the patient's well being regarding the Knife gauntlet test he was thrown in on your orders Captain."
Robert sighed softly to frown as he heard nothing but silence in response to the doctor's wording to hear loud beeping noises sounding behind him making him annoyed. He felt annoyance take hold as the beeping noises continued sounding louder and louder till he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. He found himself waking up finding himself in the tubal cylinder again still breathing the oxygen mask's stinky stale air with memories of a Robert fully in his mind making him confused. He recalled his name was Guard Beers aka Guardian of Life and Death nicknamed Guardian. 
He mentally spoke to himself "What's going on with this in my mind anyway?"
He heard nothing to fully answer his question as he saw sunlight's glare glaring onto his eyes again.
He heard "Blast! He's awake again! Give him the sleepers now!"
Guardian wretched the oxygen mask off his face in response to hear a faint siren like noise as the light's glare kept on shining onto him.
He figured to himself "Got to be a flashlight."
Guardian proceeded to use karate of fisting and kicking onto the tubal cylinder's walls finding himself cracking the wall to find liquid pouring out in a fast move lowering him down as he again thrust another karate move to crack the walls. He threw himself out of the cylinder to land onto the metal floor with night vision of green flashing in his mind as he saw a flashlight dart towards him with multiple flashlights coming from above shining to stop. 
He heard gun cocking noises to hear "Surrender or else!"
Guardian recognized the language as Meg as he heard additional gun cocking noises to see the glare of flashlights shining aimed at him. Guardian heard a roaring noise sounding within the back of his mind abruptly making him confused to hearing it. He felt himself naked of clothes while swinging himself up into a standing position to eye the flashlight's glaring lights onto him. He heard a gun noise go off sounding of a dart to him to catch something cylinder and tubal in his hand and toss it in the direction of a flashlight to hear loud crack noises as one of the lights went out. 
Guardian heard loudly "Hold! Hold your fire now! Hold I say now!"
He frowned hearing that female voice sounding firm to see one of the flashlights standing next to the tubal cylinder came nearer and nearer he glimpsing a male Egyptian wearing a doctor's uniform walking down stairs coming into view towards him standing next to the broken cylinder. Guardian eyed the male warily as he again heard the familiar roaring noise sounding within his mind to concentrate fully seeing a see through wall that looked familiar to him which he lowered it. 
He felt nothing come to his body but an image of Lance Richard flashing within his mind followed by hearing "About time you got that status forwards."
Guardian stiffened hearing Lance Richard's creepy voice within his mind to eye the male holding the flashlight reached him to hear a disgust sound from the doctor. He gave the doctor he assumed was the male a glare who waved a free hand towards him. 
He felt sleepiness hitting him mentally heard from Lance Richard blaring along with another image of him "Shields now! The doctor is using a sleepiness hypnosis trick onto you!"
He obeyed to mentally chant the word "Shield."
Guardian found the sleepiness quit to his relief to glare at the doctor who stopped his hand waving gesture repeatedly which he quit the shield command. 
He glared at the doctor with eyes narrowed to mentally think "I have gotten mental abilities twin to this deity."
Guardian heard nothing from Lance Richard in response but another disgust sound from the doctor as he heard "Rescind order of knocking him out! The Duke is watching via recorders with sound cut! He's getting rather nosy to why the patient has that odd eyed look! Get the patient out of this room and into a patient bedroom now!"
He eyed the doctor despite hearing the familiar machinery voice sounding in a female voice making him annoyed with it as he heard "Would you come with me now?"
Guardian found the speaker was the doctor which he obeyed to follow the male finding him leading not up the stairs he noticed was a platform next to the cracked tubal cylinder passed other cylinders having figures of males and females in them all naked and wearing oxygen masks covering their mouths and noses. 
He followed the doctor out of the room through a doorway that indicated an elevator to again hear "The Duke is tracking the patient via recorders' signals intercepted to view. I'm working to cut him off but his Eli is more advanced than I am. I managed to cut the sound but his Eli is working to restore the sound back on despite my efforts to keep it off."
He frowned hearing the machine's voice sound all over the place to him as the elevator went up seemingly lengthy he eyed the doctor still using a flashlight in his hand to guide him around. He eyed the doctor out of the corners of his eyes to find the male leading him out of the elevator to smell the sea ocean air to find sunlight blaring between a crack in the wall that got wider and wider. He saw the room was short airplane runway room with multiple military craft in the large room. 
Guardian kept his mouth shut as the doctor led him to the sunlight and heard "What the Duke wants he gets so get this patient out of here for the spoiled brat to pick him up-"
He was interrupted he heard "Sound running!"
Guardian frowned as the doctor added loudly "The patient is ready for pick up Your Majesty since your interested in him. Our orders from our ruler is to contain him and that's about it. We don't have orders regarding him freed from containment so he's all yours now."
He got thrust to go into the sunlight by the doctor keeping himself out of the light by the flashlight indicating him to go. Guardian obeyed to walk into the glaring sunlight to hear a loud door slam sounding behind him to find the walls joined together. He grimaced from the glare of the sunlight finding it hot including feeling metal burning his feet. He ignored the burning to recall the helicopter crash and explosion. 
He thought to himself "Who am I the Guardian of Life and Death or someone else with mental abilities?"
Guardian heard blared "Step away from the wall and keep walking now!"
He frowned hearing the male's voice sounding of a loudspeaker while hearing a faint helicopter like noise sounding above obeyed to get ordered "Stop and grab the rope in front of you now!"
Guardian obeyed to cling himself onto the rope feeling it rising up along with air sensed blowing all around him. He kept his grip onto the rope ironclad wrapping his form onto it tight as he could while looking around to find the sunlight was too bright for him to see. He shut his eyes and gritted his teeth keeping his hold onto the rope as hard as he could despite flying all over the place.
It made him think "Their either getting me someplace or trying to get me to lose hold of the rope Hmph."
He kept his hold onto the rope to feel something wet and slimy get onto his hold making him losing his grip onto the thing. 
He got from Lance Richard blasting in his mind "Use the shield command!"
Guardian obeyed to mentally chant the shield command repeatedly while still holding onto the rope he finding his grip remained ironclad despite sliminess felt dripping all over his naked body. 
He felt disgust take hold continued his chanting the shield command till he heard loudly "Let go of the rope and drop into the lake now!"
Guardian got from Lance Richard blaring in his mind "Keep the shield command and continue on holding onto the rope! It's a trap!"
He obeyed to continue on doing it despite hearing the voice order him repeatedly to let go of the rope he refused to budge on that despite still feeling sliminess all over. Guardian kept on holding onto the rope and the shield command till he felt the helicopter hover followed by hands touching his back that felt gloved. 
He frowned feeling the gloves picking onto his hands' grip onto the rope to get from Lance Richard "You can let go now."
Guardian obeyed to find the sunlight still blaring he unable to see where he was going as the gloved hands brought him walking on hot metallic floor to feel darkness once again got into his eyesight. He frowned as night vision hit him again to find himself back into the airplanes' inner room facing the doctor who still had a flashlight shining onto him. He gave up a loud sound of disgust in response to glare at the doctor with accusation in his eyes despite feeling the gloved hands all over his arms and hands become ironclad. He glared at the doctor who walked up towards him till the male was almost a hand's length away. 
Guardian kept his eyes in a narrowed glare as he heard loudly "Test subject proved to pass the Duke's test thrown at him. Remove the darkness glasses from his eyes now. Prepare the patient for the Duke's visit."
He glared at the doctor despite hearing the machine's familiar voice who thrust his flashlight onto his eyes making him glare in response and didn't protest as the male touched his eyes to yank something out while giving cracking sounds. He blinked his eyes as night vision remained to find the urge to will aside the Source he called it away from him which he obeyed to glare. He didn't protest as he felt a prick of a needle into his neck along with feeling the contents pumping into him as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Part Four: Guardian

Guardian came to hearing clapping noises sounding loudly while seated in a chair with a jumpsuit on his form. He frowned to open his eyes finding himself underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness. He looked around then focused onto a part of the darkness as if drawn to narrow his eyes. He heard a sound of disgust loudly followed by a male wearing some fancy military uniform came into sight with short black hair that gave him a glare. Guardian didn't recognize the male but figured he was a military leader judging by the outfit to continue to eye him while hearing a faint roaring sound within his mind. He ignored the Source's noise to continue to eye the male without any recognition within him. 
Guardian got loudly "This is Your Majesty Duke ruler of Megiddo. Introduce yourself now!"
He frowned to speak as if compelled sensing the Meritanians manipulating him "Robert O'Neil aka Guardian."
He felt disgust with the names he used except for the name of Guardian to eye the Duke he assumed was the male whose eyes narrowed as if studying him. 
Guardian kept his eyes narrowed while eyeing the Duke who spoke "Interesting."
He frowned at the word the Duke used as he saw a figure come into view that reminded him of Daisuke complete with the looks on the facial appearance but was wearing a military army outfit and had a gun weapon pointed aimed at him. Guardian frowned inwardly as he eyed the Duke as if drawn to find the male's eyes turning all black making him nervous unexpectedly to find him waving a hand towards him. He found the chains holding him to the chair unlatched themselves and stood up staring at the Duke as Daisuke's twin kept the gun weapon aimed at him in some threatening shoot move. 
He felt himself nervous but slowly raised his hands to stand eyeing the Duke who spoke "He'll have to do."
He felt fear take hold as the Duke waved another hand towards him to feel sleepiness hitting him along with hearing blasting in his mind "Don't resists to that sleepiness now. Just let yourself go to sleep."
He frowned hearing Tut's mental voice sounding in his mind as he collapsed onto his knees and hit the metallic floor to shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing a loud siren like sound sounding within his ear. Guardian forced open his eyes in a fast move while sitting up from a one person bed banging his head onto the upper bunk of the bunk bed. He groaned softly from the banging to lean back rubbing a hand onto the area while hearing a loud ahem sound off his left. 
Guardian looked off his left to find a male with Daisuke's looks complete with the black eyes but wearing a jumpsuit of green and having an object in hand that made him think it was an alarm clock. 
He swung his feet off the bed and stared at the male who spoke "About time you woke up. So get up now. You slept enough anyway."
He frowned but obeyed finding himself twin height as the male who spoke Megiddo's Meg language to him while noticing his hair was longer length than Daisuke's and pulled back into a tail. 
Guardian eyed the male warily who added "The name is Yamato which my call sign as said by the Duke is Mouse. Don't give me a joke about cheese and mice. I earned the name of Mouse for sneaking around quietly like a hidden mouse hence the call sign. The Duke will be giving you a call sign once it's obvious you can prove a special talent to him involving body guarding him and his family here in the palace."
He kept his mouth shut in response to give a head bob in Mahalia's native style which was just lowering the chin and then raising it to get a sound of disgust from Mouse he assumed he'll call him. 
He frowned as Mouse added "I'm referred as Mouse around here other than any other name so keep it period. By what last name did you have hmm?"
He spoke firmly "O'Neil."
Guardian frowned getting Mouse's eyes narrow before Mouse added "Hmph you don't look like a Brittany native despite the Brittan native name."
He sighed softly to frown forming it on his lips while eyeing Mouse who thrust him the alarm clock he gripped and got told "This is yours to use to wake yourself up. Figure out how to use it. Figure out how to use the facilities around here while you're at it. The Duke wants bodyguards to figure out things for themselves instead of being told on what to do. Remember this is your bed to sleep in and don't take anyone else's bed for sitting or sleeping period. Pardon I'm wanted elsewhere."
He eyed the room as Mouse walked off to find it was a wooden room with multiple metallic bunk beds on three walls with two doors in the wall as he saw Mouse leave by one of them showing an outside view. He eyed his bunk bed to spot wording in Meg's language he assumed was numbers to concentrate onto it to find his hunch correct. He placed the alarm clock onto the bed and found a pillow and blanket included piled in the corner of the bed. Guardian frowned but made the bed to look neat as possible with the pillow at one end and blanket covering it. He found a ladder off his left he figured led to the upper bunk which he looked around the room finding lower beds in view having objects on them that made him think it was knickknacks. Guardian sighed softly and left the bunk's room via doorway Mouse left to find the male outside with arms folded standing giving him a glare. He found outside led to a porch which he walked off towards Mouse to saw the male jab a finger in a direction. He looked to spot two other cabins he assumed were they in the direction of Mouse's pointing finger. 
Guardian heard from Mouse "Cabin in the middle is the bathroom and shower facility for hygiene matters. The cabin after that one is another bunk house for male guards. There's another set down the road in the opposite direction but don't bother going to there. It's forbidden unless the Duke gives you orders to live there. I heard it's for another set of the Duke's bodyguards but their higher ranked in this body guarding group. We're the lowest of the low of the Duke's body guarding group actually."
Guardian kept his mouth shut in response to frown while eyeing Mouse who added after giving him a glare "Go attend to your hygiene while you're at it. You reek of not being cleaned. And make it snappy with that. I'm ordered to show you around the bodyguards' camp by our Commander insisting on having that happen. Get going now."
He obeyed to go to the house housing the hygiene room to find the door locked while standing on the porch hand on the doorknob. He heard nothing from Mouse from that gesture to sigh and willed forwards the Source before waving a hand towards the door. Guardian found the door opening itself to show darkness inside which he gave an Hmph sound and walked inside shutting the door using night vision to find a row of three bathroom toilets off his left including off his right were three sinks with mirrors over them. He spotted a hallway in front of him ending with a door and a large room from the looks of it. Guardian explored the hygiene house fully finding a shower facility with three shower heads and nothing to indicate privacy off his right when he walked down the hallway. He found a room at the end of the hallway having nothing but benches and seemed wooden to him. Guardian sighed and got himself out of the clothes and boots to put them onto a bench and went into the shower facility. He showered washing himself finding nothing to indicate of soap or shampoo around for him to use. He blinked his eyes from the glare of a light blinking overhead to hear loud snickering like laughter sounds coming from outside the shower room. Guardian finished his washing walked out to find three males wearing Daisuke's outfit standing off the hallway in the room holding his clothes and boots. He folded his arms forming a glare as he naked walked into the room to get tossed his clothes and boots he caught expertly. He didn't comment a response put on his clothes and boots finding the males displaying an all black eyed looks and staring at him with them narrowed cutting off their laughter. Guardian kept his mouth shut once fully dressed into the twin uniform and boots despite feeling wet all over. 
He got from one male "Shouldn't you be outside with Mouse to show you around?" 
Guardian didn't say a word in response walked off in the hallway to feel a deadness feeling hitting his feet as he heard soft laughter sounds behind him. He mentally thought the shield command found the paralysis he assumed it was going away as he continued to walk down the hallway. He stiffened as he collapsed onto the wooden floor feeling paralysis all over him to mentally speak the shield command followed by swinging himself up with an acrobatic move to hear Ooh comments spoken from the males behind him. He ignored them and walked out of the hygiene cabin to find Mouse standing with arms folded gun slung over the male's back who had eyes narrowed. He kept his mouth shut while eyeing Mouse as he walked up towards him to stand with a frown. 
Mouse spoke "I see you met the upperclassmen as we lowest of low bodyguards refer the higher ranked body guarding group. They always tease new recruits into the group and always get away with it regardless of what we whine about to our Commander. The Commander has told us lowers as he calls us lowest of the low in this group to put up with it."
Guardian kept his mouth shut in a thin line to hear "Hey Mouse got any cheese for our guest to nibble? He's no fun being a brick wall. Hey lets call him Brick!"
He heard laughter like noises to spot the familiar three bodyguards he assumed were they standing on the porch of the hygiene cabin laughing away while still displaying their all black eyed look. He kept his mouth shut in response as they kept up their mirth laughter while saying jokes involving bricks making him annoyed. 
He heard a loud Hmph from Mouse followed by hearing loudly "Would the triplets go to their assigned cabin now or else?"
He frowned hearing the voice of a machine to hear the laughter cut itself off while eyeing the three males who stomped away forming glares on their faces and waving hands fisted at the hygiene cabin's porch's ceiling. 
He eyed them walking away out of sight to focus onto Mouse who gave up another Hmph sound before speaking "That was the Eli our guardian who keeps an eye onto us bodyguards. She sympathizes with us lowest of the low and tries to keep us safe from pranks by the upperclassmen. Hence she interfering to tell them off and quit their teasing onto us. They don't like it when Eli interferes but they obey her period. You don't want to be a victim of Eli's angry mood if you don't obey her-"
He was interrupted Guardian hearing "Mouse! Just show the new recruit on where to go around here! Quit your jabbering and do it."
He frowned hearing the familiar feminine machine voice to hear from Mouse "Come with me now."
Guardian obeyed to walk side by side with Mouse to feel the heat of the day starting to blast making him annoyed. He found Mouse pointing out where the higher ranked bodyguards' cabins were finding that they seemed more newer built by the looks of them despite made out of wood. He glimpsed a piece of machinery humming next to each of the three cabins to frown eyeing them. 
He heard from Mouse loudly as they walked by the cabins on the dirt road "Lucky upperclassmen. They get the air conditioning to their cabins while we lowers have to put up with the heat including a vehicle to drive them out of camp to town. We lowers have to walk out of camp to the bus stop to take the bus into town."
Guardian kept his mouth shut as Mouse showed him the target ranges for shooting via guns and throwing knives he heard off the left of the road. He felt the heat become more blasting made him annoyed to find Mouse leading him to a large house at an end of the road where there was another road off his left. 
He told "The house is where we're to take in our meals. It's also where the Commander of this bodyguard bunch lives whenever the leader takes residence into camp. I'm not sure if the Commander call sign Dragon is in residence at the moment. She hardly announces her presence to us whenever she's in residence. Instead leaves us bodyguards to guess when she's in residence." 
Guardian frowned forming it on his lips as he and Mouse went to the house he following the male to find him going around it to an entrance facing a beach. He saw the beach was too many footsteps away along with having ropes onto it to indicate it was for swimming use. He followed Mouse to the house to find a porch holding multiple rocking chairs and found a female with intense blue eyes sitting with legs crossed while smoking a cigarette. He noticed her form clad in twin bodyguard's jumpsuit complete with the boots. 
Guardian heard from Mouse who stopped near the female "This is the newest recruit. This is the Commander call sign Dragon. Don't ask why she's called Dragon for she'll make you pay for asking."
He kept his mouth shut as Dragon he assumed he'll refer her got up from the rocking chair while still smoking her cigarette to eye him he finding her shorter than him and giving him a narrowed blue eyed glare. He found her eyes change to all black looking followed by resuming a manoid blue eyed look and resuming smoking the cigarette. 
Guardian kept his mouth shut while standing ramrod straight he eyeing Dragon who shrugged and spoke "Interesting."
He heard the sarcasm of Dragon's voice tone frowned as Dragon added "Anyhow Mouse get Guardian as I dub him, to get nourishment and tell him the time frames of when he can get that period."
He heard nothing from Mouse to glimpsed the male do a hand salute move to find Dragon resume sitting in the rocking chair and smoking. Guardian followed Mouse into the house to find the male leading the way. 
He got pointed out where the doctor's quarters was including told "Dragon doesn't like whiners about the simplest sickness hitting recruits. She expects recruits she calls them to figure out how to medically heal themselves of anything. The doctor's job is to make sure Dragon and recruits are taking in the proper nourishment which is what he focuses onto. He doesn't focus onto anything else unless Eli blares for him to do it whenever she's sensing a problem with one of us. He'll do that job as indicated by Eli. Don't come up to him for medical problems other than problems with the nourishment. The doctor won't help unless Eli says so."
He sighed softly and followed Mouse into the cafeteria room finding multiple tables scattered around the room along with some kind of nourishment holder. 
He got told by Mouse after the male looked at his time piece "You really need to get yourself a time piece so you'll know when to come into here for meals. Meals for breakfast is eight o'clock in the morning and lunch is noon and dinner is five o'clock in the afternoon sharp. Don't come into here before any of those times begging for nourishment. The cook is ordered by Dragon not to do this nourishment hand outs. Besides the nourishment eating and drinking is timed for thirty minutes before cut off before another meal time arrives. Just be warned that Dragon likes to have us lowers after eating our last meal of the day go into the lake with clothes and shoes on and swim till she orders us out. She doesn't do this swimming order as often as a habit but only does it when the mood for it to happen which can be any time after dinner."
Guardian kept his mouth shut as he eyed Mouse to hear from the male "Anyway it'll be noon in ten minutes for our food to arrive so go sit down now and wait."
He obeyed to find Mouse sitting at another table to hear voices chattering from the hallway to find recruits gathered in groups entering the room going to sit together at tables all ignoring sitting next to him at his table. Guardian felt himself annoyed as he spotted the males had willed aside their all black eyed look obeyed to sit leaning back in his chair with arms folded as he listened to the conversations all over the place. He heard talk mostly focused onto mating with females some heard bragging in braggart tones about having a prostitute to help their manly urges. 
He sighed as his senses blared warning from the bragging tone to hear within his mind "Liar."
Guardian kept hearing that word within his mind as he heard loudly a whistle blast to eye the males getting up from their seats to stand ramrod straight which he copied finding them facing the room's entrance. He copied and stood with hands behind his back legs spread while copying the males. He smelled cigarette smoke figured it was Dragon smoking in the room.
Guardian heard loudly "Get that smoking habit out of my cafe now!"
He frowned hearing the voice sounded of Eli to him to hear multiple groans in male voice tones. 
He heard in response "Excuse me. I expect you all in position once I come back."
He exhaled a breath hearing Dragon's loud voice to smell to smoking left the room to hear nothing from the recruits. He kept his eyes onto the room's entrance's direction despite males blocking his way to find Dragon walking into sight minus her cigarette. He eyed Dragon who walked up towards him to stand in front of him he averted his eyes to stare at her shoulder. 
Guardian heard "Hmph. Looks like a freaking Columbian to me."
The comment made him disgusted to refrain from forming that expression on his face as he heard blared "Commander must I remind you of your smoking habit hence your ridiculous call sign name of Dragon?"
He frowned hearing Eli's voice tone to hear loudly "Foods ready so come and get it now!"
Guardian found the males standing around fighting to get into a line ignored by Dragon who walked out of the room he went to the line finding himself dead last. He found males fighting to get the nourishment by cutting each other in line he folded his arms to ignore them fighting. He got the nourishment of some odd undecipherable food on a plate with a spoon and a drink of whiteness in a cup on the tray. He took the tray and copied the males saluting towards the cook he assumed was the overweight female wearing a dress of leaves design on it and a white apron over it that gave him a glare. He ignored the glare and went to sit down at his familiar table finding himself joined by three familiar males he recognized as the ones he met in the hygiene cabin. 
Guardian silently focused onto his food spooning it into a spoon to hear from one of the males off his left "When eating be sure to blow onto it to cool it down. It's hot. Plus I warn you that there's no refills of the drinks regardless of how well gulped it down it is. The food is always hot as ordered via the doctor insisting on our food to be cooked that way."
He didn't say a word in response slowly ate his food via spoon finding it was hot like the male said he ignored the scalding taste. He ate all of his food leaving a mess of red sauce on his plate to pick up his drink.
Guardian again heard "Sip your drink no gulping period."
He obeyed to sip the drink tasting of milk to take his time sipping it down finding it easily to drink it down. Guardian frowned once done with his drink to sit back leaning in the chair lengthy hearing silence in the room unsure of the time to hear the familiar whistle blast sounding loudly. He eyed the recruits he figured he'll refer them getting up and going to the bay window in the wall to place trays in a bin and doing the same with their dishes one for each bin for each required dish and spoons. 
He obeyed to copy them and found Mouse at his side that spoke "Come with me."
Guardian obeyed to follow Mouse out of the room pass Dragon who walked by ignoring them finding the male saluting as she walked pass them. He copied Mouse's salute to find Mouse leading him to a road he saw on the way to the house holding the cafeteria. He noticed Mouse didn't have his gun weapon this time as he and the male walked onto the road to reach a bridge made of stone over part of the lake he saw. He silently walked onto the bridge following Mouse till they reached a smoother road to hear a sound of vehicles driving by in fast moves and car honking noises sounding loudly. Guardian frowned as he and Mouse reached a fence indicate an opening and found the male waving a hand towards the area to see it open by itself. He followed Mouse out of camp he assumed was where he was going to find a highway road in the area with multiple traffic running in opposite directions and appearing to be using the wrong side of the road to him. Guardian followed Mouse to a sign for bus stop as indicated on the sidewalk to stand with the male silently waiting finding him not inclined to talk despite repeatedly giving him shushing noises. He didn't have long to wait as a bus arrived appearing to look like it was for public's use and got aboard with Mouse to sit in a seat in the back next to the male. He kept his mouth shut while glancing pass Mouse to look out the window ignored by the male who kept his face facing ahead of him. Guardian found the bus stopped for multiple times before reaching a city from the looks of it. He eyed the city with a frown as the bus reached the buildings to stop at a bus stop and followed Mouse out of the vehicle. Guardian frowned finding the city reminded him of Mahalia's cities he used to stay in as he looked around. He found Mouse walking away ignoring him which he jogged to catch up to find the male turning around giving him a glare of accusation in his eyes. He frowned inwardly to get Mouse jabbing a finger in a direction opposite from him and looking furious to him. Guardian didn't say a word instead walked away wandering around the city he found the name was Elizabethtown as blared by the signs all over it. He found stores selling items that required hand prints to find a currency dollar store selling touristy items cheap to go inside. Guardian found a watch and Elizabeth on the cloth wristband which he purchased for a dollar. He walked out and found the familiar bus coming into view as if drawn sensing the Meritanians manipulating him to get aboard. He got aboard to sit in a seat in the back to peer out the window repeatedly till the bus left the city and drove through a scenic route till coming upon the familiar fenced area he finding himself still compelled to remain in the bus. He frowned to eye out the window as the bus got into a street having a circular end that appeared to lead to a fence with a road behind it followed by going back to where it came. He spotted the familiar fence come into view pulled the bus stop command and waited as the vehicle halted at the bus stop area to find the triplets getting aboard as he got off the three ignoring him. 
Guardian felt the heat become more blaring groaned and slow walked to the route to the cabin he was assigned to stay to hear blared "Slow walking is a no, no around here so move it recruit!"
He sighed hearing Eli's voice obeyed to walk a little faster till she blared again "Run not walk now!"
Guardian groaned and jogged to the cabin finding a sign on one end labeling it "Lower Egypt."
He frowned finding the sign blared on the back end went around to the porch to find Mouse already there to his annoyance smoking a cigarette while standing on the area. Guardian went to the cabin's entrance only to get blocked by Mouse who blocked his way. 
He glared at Mouse who spoke blowing his smoke into his face "The name is Yamato aka Cat. I see you met my twin named Mouse. Appears that Mouse isn't back from wandering around the city."
He frowned finding the male's accent was different from Mouse's and found the male's hair was short instead of long like his twin brother's. 
He spoke finding Cat he assumed he'll call him giving him an all black eyed glare "The name is O'Neil aka Guardian as dubbed by Dragon. Yes I met your twin Mouse."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut to get from Cat "Why is there nothing like purchases in your hands?"
He held up his wrist holding his new watch and spoke "I bought this wrist watch."
Guardian got a sound of disgust from Cat who after a puff of smoking spoke "You're supposed to get items for hygiene use. It's your responsibly to get that. Besides you're supposed to get items for surviving in the cabin such as a bed stuff including clothes to wear for swimming. Now it's too late to bother doing this. Dragon has a curfew for us Lowers to be in camp by dinnertime which it'll happen in an hour."
Guardian groaned softly to frown on his face as he heard blared "Guardian, Dragon wants you to meet her at the Command Center which is speak for cafeteria house so make it snappy now."
He frowned hearing Eli's voice jogged away from Cat hearing nothing from the male to go to the house to the entrance to find Dragon seated in a rocking chair smoking away. 
He stood attention while eyeing her shoes as he heard "Hmph. Why do I hear from Eli that you were lazy with getting items for living in this camp?"
He spoke firmly "It appears the knowledge of this escaped me."
Guardian heard from Dragon "Guardian, go shop for the items you need as I listed them."
He heard Dragon rattle off a list he committed to memory to get from her again "Don't stand there! Get going now! You have two hours starting now to get everything on the list so move it!"
He obeyed to jog to the bus stop while glancing at his watch to mentally recall the time Dragon ordered him to move ignoring the blaring heat to stand waiting impatiently as the bus lumbered into sight. He got onto the bus to sigh from the air conditioning cooling him down as the vehicle got into Elizabethtown which he got off at a bus stop. Guardian recalled a major store highlighted by a building found it. He went inside to see this time the store was different and bigger looking including looking like a major brand store to him that was different from Mahalia's city stores. He walked inside and came out an hour later loaded with bags on his arms to groan from the heaviness to hit the bus stop. He found a cab stopping near him to see Mouse come out waving him over which he got inside after putting the bags into the trunk. Guardian sat next to Mouse buckling up his seatbelt finding the male doing the same and eyed out the window at the city as it drove in a fast move and out of the city to the familiar scenic route. 
He found the cab reached the familiar circular road's dead end to hear from Mouse "That road is where the Duke is claimed to live for receiving important visitors. He seems to live all over Megiddo actually instead of staying in one spot. Not even sure of what's up with that."
He frowned as the cab turned around and got to the fenced area leading to camp which he found Mouse paying the fare by hand print and helped him with the bags out of the trunk including carrying it to their cabin. He got inside to copy Mouse putting the bags onto the table to find Cat in the room lounging on the bunk above his. He ignored Cat who vaulted off the upper bunk in an acrobatic move to land onto the wooden floor and stand with arms folded as Mouse took out the items he purchased. Guardian found Mouse scrutinizing each item he purchased from the major store he finding Cat dumping the items onto his bunk bed the twins keeping him from getting into the bags by giving him karate kicks in his direction. He glared at the twins doing the deposing to find Mouse stuffing the bags in the space underneath the lowest bunk beds all over the place including appearing to be hiding them by how well he stuffed them into the area. 
He spoke loudly "There's cabin inspections?"
Guardian heard "Yes there's cabin inspections. You recruits are order bound to keep the cabin you're sleeping in clean including the hygiene cabin. I suggested you do something about the mess on your bed."
He ignored Eli's blaring voice went to his bed to find some kind of cupboard in the wall without doors that also had shelves he figured was for holding his junk. He set to order his bed making it neat including using the new bed stuff he bought cheaply for it. Guardian proceeded to put away the items for hygiene use into the open cupboard shelves before sitting onto the bed and eyeing Mouse giving him a glare. 
He spoke firmly "Out with it Mouse now!"
He glared at Mouse who spoke "Why is Cat telling me that you didn't buy anything for living here when you came back but managed to do it on orders of our Commander?"
He sighed and spoke firmly "Because I'm an idiot who didn't think smartly."
Guardian folded his arms while adjusting his form to sit up straighter despite feeling the back of his head leaning against the upper bunk's side. 
He glared at Mouse to hear loudly "Guardian don't you smoke or drink?"
He frowned finding Cat the speaker to find the male seated on the bed next to him he unsure of how the twin managed to sit down without him noticing. 
Guardian spoke firmly while eyeing Cat "I've been clean and sober for awhile. I don't care to break that clean streak by getting into drugs and alcohol again."
He got in response "What's he's saying?"
Guardian shifted to eye Mouse he saw was seated in a chair with the back end touching his front the speaker forming a confused expression on his face. 
He frowned wondering what Mouse was blabbing about to hear from Cat "He's talking about withdrawing from smoking and drinking enough to avoid doing it I think. You care to explain this term of clean and sober?"
He sighed and spoke while eyeing Cat in response "Clean is term for no longer smoking and doing what it takes to avoid doing it. Sober is term for no longer drinking and doing what it takes to avoid doing it. Excuse me for speaking this way. I didn't grow up in Megiddo-"
He got interrupted "Don't mention where you're from period, Guardian. Not one of us bodyguards deserves to know where you're from even if you're running from the law. Only Dragon can ask questions like that in private in her office."
He clamped his mouth hearing Mouse's voice to look at Mouse to hear from Cat "I need a smoke excuse me."
He saw Cat get up walking out of the cabin with door slamming with a bang. 
Guardian shifted to eye Mouse who jabbed a finger in his direction and spoke "Don't ask any one of us for smokes or anything like that. You want to smoke? You get your own from the city. No borrowing or stealing from any one of us or pleading for this. Dragon laid down the law enforced by Eli on this matter. Don't forget it period."
He didn't say a word as Mouse got up going to a lower bunk to pull out a magazine from underneath the mattress to spy a sexy clad bathing suit female on the cover and appeared to be looking through it with an amused expression on his face. He sighed and laid his form onto the bed to stare at the bottom end of the upper bunk to find an envelope taped above having the word Robert on it. Guardian groaned softly and yanked off the envelope opening it to find a letter in feminine handwriting. 
He read "Hello Robert, this is your Mother writing to you. I'm sorry that you're not around to see your son grow up. It saddens me to know that you're dead to the world taken from me so soon."
He frowned with the words dead to the world to figure to himself "Must be Megiddo's slang talk for light extinguished."
Guardian continued on reading the letter "You should see your son Collin. He's grown quite into a young man enough to be a charmer. Collin is currently walking now despite still too young to understand that you won't be around to raise him-"
He got his reading interrupted by hearing a loud whistle like blast to thrust the letter aside underneath his pillow as if needing to do it and eyed Mouse standing at attention which he copied. 
Guardian frowned to peer at the door to find Dragon in the room that spit out a whistle from her lips and heard her speak "What form were you reading Guardian? Hand it over now!"
He obeyed to hand her the letter and envelope to get Dragon ripping it all up in pieces to his annoyance followed by her giving him an all black eyed glare with eyes narrowed.
He kept his mouth shut while facing Dragon who spoke "Literature such as this isn't allowed in the cabin period. Now drop down and give me twenty pushups for catching you reading it."
He obeyed to do twenty pushups in a fast move followed by swinging himself up in an acrobatic move to get Dragon giving him suspicion in her blue eyes instead of flaring them black last he saw. He kept his mouth shut as Dragon walked around him in a circle he staring at the wall in response till he grimace to feel her hand clamped around his sensitive part through the jumpsuit in a tight hold. 
Guardian heard Dragon speaking as she removed her hand hold "Spill it on where you learned this acrobatic move to get up from the floor now!"
He got an image of Lance Richard flashing in his mind followed by hearing "Just admit that you didn't grow up in Megiddo."
He spoke firmly in response "I didn't grow up in Megiddo."
Guardian kept eyeing the wall as Dragon gave up a loud Hmph sound only to hear loudly "Dragon, get Guardian as you dub him to the Command Center now! The Duke insists on talking to him and what he wants he gets."
He groaned softly from Eli's voice found Dragon giving him an ahem sound which he followed her out of the cabin to jog following her running in a fast move ignoring the blasting heat. He felt himself annoyed with the sticky heat as they reached the house to see Dragon instead of going around it ran up a set of stairs jutting from the second floor he following her. He once reached the deck halted as Dragon halted to see her enter a room he followed behind. He saw the room looked like a computer room to him complete with consoles and computer screens to see Dragon touch a button on a console to blare an image of the Duke in still position sitting in a chair on a computer screen. 
Guardian frowned as Dragon was heard "Dragon here. Something I can do for you Your Majesty?"
He heard "Dragon you were ordered not to question anything regarding the bodyguard dubbed Guardian. Why are you seen questioning his gender?"
He formed a glare while eyeing Dragon despite hearing the voice sounding familiar and reminded him of Eli's feminine voice but this time was in a male tone.
Guardian eyed Dragon who spoke "I saw Guardian get up in an acrobatic move that only females can do. I don't remember males having the ability to do that including seeing that from bodyguards in the group after they get off the ground."
He frowned forming it on his face as he heard from the Duke he assumed was talking "Dragon leave the room now and let me talk to Guardian in private."
He found Dragon obeying to hear her banging the door shut in a slam.
Guardian heard in response "Don't mind Dragon. She's missing a smoke time she set aside to do a day."
He frowned hearing Eli's voice shifted to focus onto the picture of the Duke while feeling his senses blaring warning abruptly. 
He heard from the Duke "Nevertheless Guardian admit it why your using Mahalia native terms for smokes and drinks. You were recorded using those terms."
He spoke "I have some memories of growing up in Mahalia like a native."
He heard "And what name were you called while growing up?"
Guardian spoke firmly "Guard Beers."
He heard snickering like laughter from Eli as the Duke spoke "Guard Beers is a name of a drink common among Megiddo's natives to drink once their at the declared adult age of nineteen."
He sensed Duke's words were the truth as the Duke continued "That drink in question is only drunken by teens being declared the age of nineteen without getting underneath the influence to talk anything with hypnosis done."
He frowned forming it on his lips as the Duke added "You were under far longer than anyone and survived despite the lengthy time period. Others haven't survived being under lengthy like you did so let Dragon into the room now."
He obeyed despite feeling like questioning Duke's words to find the Duke kicking him out of the room by voice orders and got from Dragon "Hit the cafeteria now. I suspect its dinner time by my watch so go eat."
Guardian obeyed to find it was five minutes after five o'clock on his watch went into the cafeteria to find the cook had a tray ready for him which he took after giving her a salute. He went to sit down at the table where the three triplet males were seated noticing them looking alike by facial areas and eyes but had different hair lengths. Guardian took his time eating the food and sipped the drink once done finding it was different from his lunch meal. He once done heard Dragon's whistle blast to find Dragon in the room. 
He stood as everyone else stood and got from Dragon loudly "Lowerclassmen hit the field for physical combative exercises now! I'm watching via recorders this time!"
Guardian heard groaning tones sounding in the room put away his tray's contents and followed the twins Mouse and Cat out of the room finding that they were the only ones accompanying him. He frowned as he followed the twins outside to find them attacking him using karate combative art moves. Guardian found himself using his memory of Mahalia's native's karate training to fight off the twins' attacks while fighting karate onto the twins in response. He found his body doing karate moves he finding weren't Mahalia's native's karate training as he fought the twins both attacking him over and over including ignoring him attacking them. He kept up the fight till a whistle blast was heard loudly finding the twins turning to face the house hands behind their backs he copied to see Dragon on the porch spitting out a whistle. 
Guardian frowned eyeing Dragon who spoke loudly "Alright dismissed Twins. Guardian you stay now."
He saw the twins jog off as he stood waiting as Dragon walked up to him and poked him onto the chest with a finger giving him a narrowed eyed glare. He ignored the poking to feel annoyed unexpectedly to refrain from commenting about it. 
Guardian got from Dragon after she quit her poking "Alright I had an ulterior motive having you fight the twins in the field in presence of the recorders. His Majesty insisted on having that happen."
He exhaled a breath to frown with his lips as Dragon kept talking "His Majesty has some kind of design or plan for you. Hence he showing favor attitude towards you."
Guardian kept his mouth shut in response after a pause from Dragon to hear from her again "Anyway go to your assigned cabin and stay there till ordered out!"
He obeyed to jog to the cabin despite feeling the heat being sticky all over and plastering his jumpsuit to his form. Guardian arrived to the cabin to find Cat smoking a cigarette out on the porch he noticed didn't reek of smoke to him instead seemed to smell of something else. 
He frowned as Cat spoke once seeing him "Aw Guardian get inside now. Eli will throw a fit if she doesn't see bodyguards inside their assigned cabins after six o'clock."
He darted inside to find Mouse on another bunk bed and not his assigned lower bed instead was staring at a magazine he recognized that had the familiar sexy clad female on the cover. It made him annoyed that Dragon tore up his letter despite not tearing up Mouse's magazine. Guardian went to his bed to lie onto it to again get a taped envelope stuck to the upper bunk. He sighed and tore it off and pulled out the letter he assumed it was to get a printed note included in it.
Guardian frowned while eyeing the door to the cabin as he read the note saying "Dear Missus O'Neil, we regret to inform you of choosing your son Robert for this important duty."
He frowned thinking to himself "What's going on with this?"
He kept on reading "The duty is on a need-to-know basis. We apologize for we cannot tell you what it is. We will let you know when contact will be made, Sincerely, Marine Corps."
Guardian heard blaring loudly as he ripped the paper and envelope up "Don't forget to toss that crap into the recycle bin near the door now."
He frowned finding Cat seated in a chair staring at him while leaning backwards into it. He sighed and got up going to look around and found the recycle bin near one of the doors which he tossed out the ripped up paperwork and envelope before going back to sit down on his bed. He found Cat was still staring at him from his seat as he looked around for Mouse to find the male was on an upper bunk above his bed. 
Guardian spoke "I didn't know that there's three of us as the Lowerclassmen."
He frowned to eye Cat who shrugged and spoke "Does it matter to you?"
He sighed and laid himself down onto the bed feeling himself tired unexpectedly. Guardian shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Guardian dreamed of memories involving Robert O'Neil himself making him seem to be the male despite feeling like he was someone else originally. 
He continued to dream the memories in his mind in a looping pattern till he mentally spoke "Stop it now! Stop this joke Egyptia! Just show what my purpose is actually!"
Guardian got fully in his mind an image of the ocean followed by two black plants he recognized as the Meritanians rising unfurling their petals. 
He heard "I'm Yerra a Meritanian speaking to you on what I've heard from you. The Guardian of Life and Death is actually an entity being that possessed males to function on protecting Egyptia from harm. Hence your confusion on who you are actually."
He stiffened as Yerra continued speaking "Your confused due to the Guardian ability taking control of you and controlling you to point that you actually think yourself as this entity like a person when its not. It's just an entity actually. Sorry you're confused on this."
Guardian mentally spoke in response "Yerra kindly explain why I have memories of living on Mahalia as someone else dubbed Guardian?"
He frowned to hear from Yerra in response "The memories of the previous Guardian title holder gets passed down whoever is called to do that job in question. Hence you recalling a life living on Mahalia when you received the memories of a previous title holder actually."
He spoke mentally in response "Do I remember what happened to my previous title holder?"
He got from Yerra "The Guardian entity of life and death got itself out of your previous title holder once it was obvious he wasn't able to do the job. Don't worry about him. He's still alive but this time doing a job what Egyptia's natives have called him to do this time. He's fine at the moment but has no memory of being the Guardian of Life and Death along with the knowledge of whoever knew him as that having the information erased from their minds. The entity's presence leaving a male always erases information from the title holder including whoever around the entity with knowledge of this out of their minds so they don't know of this actually. Sorry you're confused on this."
Guardian frowned hearing an alarm clock sound he figured was his familiar alarm clock to jerk open his eyes with a start to find Mouse standing next to his bed holding his familiar timepiece in his hand. 
He snatched the alarm clock from Mouse in a fast move and got from the male "You slept long enough for someone recovering from being under. So go attend to your hygiene now."
Guardian frowned but obeyed pulling a bag holding his hygiene stuff to haul into the hygiene house. Guardian examined his body's left arm to find his familiar scar was still there but felt confusion to why it was still on his body. He got out of his clothes and shoes and went into the shower to shower finding no one inside as he carried his hygiene stuff. 

Guardian walked out of the hygiene house with annoyance running through him as he carried his bag holding his hygiene stuff while clad in his uniform and boots. He recalled looking at himself in the mirror of the sink fully to examine his face finding nothing to indicate any changes other than his familiar Guard Beers' face and nothing to indicate of prosthesis on his face and body to him. He went into the cabin and found Mouse reading his familiar magazine again while Cat was seated on the bunk above his bunk bed. Guardian put away his items then spoke an ahem sound loudly while eyeing Cat. He found Cat looking at him with eyes of a cat to his shock followed by giving of a loud meow sound sounding of a cat to him. He frowned as Cat shifted form into a small house cat pet to sit on the bed licking its side. He shifted to focus onto Mouse to find the male had turned into a mouse from the looks of it sitting on a magazine and grooming itself. 
Guardian thought to himself "This is getting weird." 
He heard nothing in response to his thinking kept repeating his comment over and over as if compelled to find himself floating back into his green tube while feeling the familiar oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose. He heard the familiar wording by the familiar voice speaking of him being awake and putting him to sleep immediately. 
Guardian mentally yelled in response "What's the point of keeping me down asleep instead of living among you?!"
He heard nothing in answer to his question only to hear "Go to sleep smarty. You need the rest anyway."
He felt himself passing out unconscious to come to feeling himself still contained in the tube with the oxygen mask still covering his mouth and nose. 
Guardian heard blared "I would quit doing that sleeping status towards him if I were you. He's developed a pretty good resistance hence he awake instead of sleeping so get him out of that thing now. He's done being under for now."
He frowned hearing the voice for it reminded him of Eli's voice to him. Guardian frowned as he felt himself thrust out of the tube by the thing going horizontal followed by the oxygen mask yanked off his mouth along with cloth felt covering his head entirely. He kept the frown finding himself blinded temporary as there were hands felt on his arms that felt like gloves to him and forced him up to stand followed by forcing him into a chair to sit chained to it. Guardian kept his mouth shut in response as the wheelchair was felt moving all over the place to him and not taking a straight lined path. He felt himself confused to what was going on as the wheelchair was felt going up in a hover movement he figured was an elevator followed by rolling motions felt. He found the wheelchair thrust sideways then halted followed by the head cover mask yanked off his head he blinked his eyes of the light's glare. Guardian looked around finding himself underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness. He heard nothing sounding within the back of his mind indicating the Source to him to his confusion. He felt the Guardian ability take control within him unexpectedly to find himself thrusting himself out of the wheelchair's chains to stand while hearing multiple gun cocking noises sounding all around him. He stood while looking around the inky darkness till he felt compelled to look in a direction off his left obeyed to do it and kept his attention onto that direction as if needing to do it. He folded his arms to glare in the direction while feeling the Guardian ability quit taking control as if willed aside like he didn't control it. He felt himself annoyed with that happening to him as he glared in the direction.
He heard blared loudly "Who are you?"
Guardian sighed recognizing the voice as Eli spoken spoke "I come in many names but one name I'm known as is Guardian."
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with what he was saying as there was a green light show seen he looked to find an astral projection image of a male he saw wasn't himself but looking bare of clothing. He eyed the male in the image to notice that he had a scar on his cheek on the left and noticed his scarring on the left arm was gone. He noticed that he had his hair in shoulder length style that was twin to his Guard Beers' look. Guardian looked down at himself finding his left arm bare of a scar and rubbed his left cheek to feel the scar on the area. 
He rubbed his left arm to feel something of numbness hitting the area he figured to himself "Must be wearing prosthesis or something hence the feeling. But I'm not sure of how I got the scar on my face."
Guardian heard nothing in answer to his words rubbed his arm to feel the numbness go away followed by pinching the skin to grimace inwardly while feeling pain from the pinch. 
He mentally spoke to himself "Yerra must be right on this Guardian being an entity taking control hence I feeling the way I am in this body form."
He rubbed his face where the scarring was to grimace feeling it react in pain from his touch. 
He heard in response "Don't pick onto that scar on your face. You have it from your accident actually."
Guardian recalled fully what the voice was talking about.
He mentally spoke "I was riding a horse when it threw me off and a dinosaur tried to bite my face but got shooed away. I have a scar on my face as a result."
He didn't comment a word removed his hand to frown while glaring at a direction as if drawn to hear multiple gun cocking noises which he raised his hands up in a surrender gesture while keeping his attention onto the direction. 
Guardian heard from Eli "Quit looking at me now!"
He obeyed to look elsewhere aimed at the green image of himself opposite from the direction to where Eli he assumed was where the computer mind was. He kept his eyes onto the image to focus fully as if needing to do it to discover his face was twin to his Guard Beers' persona despite the scar on his cheek. He felt himself confused to that as he eyed his body to discover it only had the scar on the cheek and no other scarring at all. Guardian grimaced as pain arrived to his head while groaning loudly. He kept on grimacing as he placed hands onto his cheeks while kneeling and groaning loudly. He kept on groaning as he recalled himself in a helicopter flew by a male pilot and no one else inside it. He kept on groaning recalling the helicopter exploded in fire all around him while feeling pain from all over his body. Guardian kept on grunting of pain from recalling the helicopter explosion and recalled himself getting up from the pilot seat and walking out only to faint dead in front of witnesses. 
He kept on grunting and groaning loudly till he recalled fully in his mind "Bloody Hades! The helicopter explosion took out Guard Beers but didn't take out the pilot who walked out carrying the Guardian entity then died once freed from the wreckage. Hence Guardian entity now inhibiting this body form at the moment. I will always see myself as Guardian via my facial appearance twin to that entity's image and always think in that Guardian entity's thinking term instead of the body form's thinking. Hence my confusion at the moment. Ugh."
He quit the grunting and groaning to shake his head and forced himself to stand up while facing the image of himself still blinking followed by it winking out. He folded his arms feeling himself annoyed with the Meritanians for not telling him what he should know regarding the Guardian entity. Guardian kept his mouth shut while waiting for Eli to speak.
He heard from Eli "So talk on what you remember regarding one Guard Beers?"
He stiffened from the name hearing that spoke "I'm told that name was a name of a drink."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut as he heard "Actually that name is of a Mahalian native with importance to Mahalia I'm not going to say till you tell me what you remember was the last memory of this Guard Beers."
He spoke firmly "He died in a helicopter explosion with only a pilot aboard."
He heard in response as the green light image again flashed his image he hearing "You sure of that death?"
Guardian exhaled a breath to stare at the image showing himself minus his left arm having a scar on it but having a scar on his left cheek. 
He spoke firmly "Guard Beers has a scar on his left arm and no scarring on his face. I'm not seeing that from me or via this image you're showing me."
He formed a glare only to feel the familiar numbness feeling hitting his left arm again only to hear "Then simply scrape the cut on your cheek and see if it's a scar or peeling skin."
He obeyed to do it despite the pain only to feel the skin peeling on the area. He kept on peeling it till the image showed the scar gone from the area to his shock including feeling nothing to indicate scarring to him. 
Guardian frowned speaking out loud "What did you do to me?"
He kept his eyes onto the image as if needing to do it to hear from Eli "Restored you of your death status something the Mahalians don't have the medical technology to do when it comes to burn victims. Only Megiddo has that medical technology."
He stiffened of shock hearing that to continue to hear "That medical technology was created by this company called Crimson that succeeded on restoring manoids of burn statuses including those declared dead. You were restored back to health with help of a body that required the donation death of a manoid for this restoring to happen."
He exhaled a breath to continue to hear "The body in question was selected for this restoring to happen hence you back to life now."
Guardian heard sounding in his mind "Actually it involves transferring the brain of a dead victim showing activity into the body of another victim whose brain is shut down but body intact and having an exchange done. That's what was happened to you actually. Hence the Duke asking to get a hold of your Guard Beers' body once his spies said that you were declared dead in a helicopter explosion. He had your brain transported to this body your in at the moment. I'm not clear on why the Duke is interested into you at the moment. I'll tell you later."
Guardian didn't comment a response to Tut's blaring as he kept his eyes onto the image of himself he focused onto it to notice his face was no longer his own Guard Beers' face but some other male's face. He eyed the image to find the hair was appearing to be shaved off which he rubbed a hand on his head to feel it bare of hair. 
He felt a scarring line on the back of his head on his skin he figured "It's where they operated on me." 
Guardian kept his mouth shut in response to his thoughts to keep on eyeing the green image to find it shift into his Guard Beers' body complete with the hair which he felt his head again to find it covered in hair to his shock. 
He felt annoyance take hold figuring to himself "Something odd is going on here. Whatever it is stop it now so stop!"
Guardian found himself shifting back into his bald head body by hand touching his head and then looked down onto himself to discover that he seemed not that muscular by the stomach area not showing its familiar ridges. He frowned inwardly to focus onto a direction as if drawn to again hear gun cocking noises and Eli's familiar talk. 
Guardian spoke firmly "I'm more interested in looking at your direction despite not seeing you."
He narrowed his eyes into a glare to find two figured appearing to look green skinned walked forwards into view while holding gun weapons in their hands aimed at him he saw were handguns. He kept his mouth shut noticing the green figures had glares of yellow eyed looks while glaring at him. 
Guardian kept his mouth shut as he heard from Eli "Anyhow transport our guest to a room now Meritanians."
He frowned to find himself into hospital room from the looks of it to hear a door opening sound to find a nurse he assumed was the female walking into the room with a glare on her face. 
Guardian frowned as the female spoke "You're supposed to be in bed lying down Mister O'Neil. So get yourself to bed or I'll have security knock you out."
He frowned but obeyed to find her thrusting him a hospital gown once he was seated on the bed which he put on and didn't protest as she put the blanket up to his chest and left the room shutting off the light. Guardian found night vision flaring in his eyesight as he eyed the room's contents. He found a camera dome in ceiling that gave off a soft whirring noise followed by feeling his familiar spying sense hitting him. Guardian laid awake for a lengthy time period only to feel sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious only to come to feeling his stomach rumbling vibrations. He felt confused to the rumbling that felt odd along with pressure of warmth and beating sensation felt on top of his chest along with breathing felt. He jerked open his eyes to discover the source was a black cat with yellow eyes sitting on his front that gave off a soft mew followed by licking his chin with its rough tongue and appearing to be friendly with him. 
Guardian frowned while staring at the cat to recall fully "Cats were never that friendly with me no matter how I tried to be friendly with them. I'm surprised that this cat is friendly with me."
He frowned as the cat arched its back while standing on its paws felt on his chest followed by sitting on its haunches and bathing its ear with a paw. He frowned as the cat gave off meows sounding in a questioning tone to him despite he suddenly aware of it as the gonoid stared back at him. Guardian sighed and shifted to stare at the ceiling ignoring the cat felt moving all over his front till it resumed a familiar pressure feeling and again gave off vibrations he figured was related to purring followed by feeling sleepiness hitting him shut his eyes. Guardian passed out unconscious to come to feeling a hand old and feminine holding his right hand while hearing soft crying sounds. He frowned as he gripped the hand as he felt like doing it to hear a loud gasp sound in a feminine voice tone. Guardian opened his eyes to look at the female holding his right hand he saw was an old female he eyed her warily despite unsure of who she was. He found the female blotting her eyes and looking weepy to him. 
Guardian didn't say a word towards her not trusting his voice as the female spoke "Do you remember what name you had?"
He sighed and spoke firmly despite hearing his voice was different "Guard Beers, Ma'am."
He felt himself annoyed with his voice sounding odd to him as he eyed the female who spoke "Guard Beers is the name of a Megiddo drink actually."
He exhaled a breath as she added "What other names did you went by do you remember?"
Guardian spoke "Guardian, Victor and Yevgeny Alexander Visser-"
He got interrupted "Oh my!"
He frowned while staring at the female who seemed shocked with what he said as he added "Would Robert O'Neil have something to do with it hmm?"
Guardian frowned getting a gasp from the female who again cried tears followed by her speaking "It's a no wonder the Duke kept on insisting on having me agree to this medical procedure. Oh my."
He frowned forming it on his lips while eyeing the female warily who added after she blotted her tears again via handkerchief "Anyhow Robert O'Neil fathered a son with a girl named Marissa who's name is-"
He interrupted "Patrick is his name isn't it?"
Guardian got a gasp from the female as he added from memory "Robert was riding a horse through dinosaur lands during the moonlight time. A dinosaur I'm not sure if you know-"
He was interrupted "I know the details of his death and attack. No need to tell me of it. His death was actually caught by recorder actually. I already viewed the scene. I'm just surprised that you know of his life actually."
He sighed and spoke firmly "I recall details of his life like I fully have memories of it actually."
Guardian frowned while eyeing the female who added "If that is true then you would have looked at me with recognition and not of a stranger to me."
He sighed and frowned as a memory of who the female was flashed into his mind which he spoke "Your Robert's Mother Lynn O'Neil Seaward."
He again got another gasp from her as he added "Robert was on his way to see you while traveling through dinosaur lands actually for a holiday involving Lancemas."
Guardian frowned while eyeing Lynn he figured he'll refer her as she spoke "Yes that's true on what you said. Robert's panic button was detected going off which triggered a recorder drone to find him and found him a victim of a dinosaur attack.'
He exhaled a breath to frown while staring at Lynn who added "Marissa will be asking questions same I'll be asking towards you in question. She's aware of this medical procedure done to have your mind organ put into my son's in place of his mind organ. His mind organ was found too damaged to be repaired but his body was intact hence you put into him for having a second chance of living."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as Lynn continued talking "Patrick is Robert's son or who I call him Robert Junior. He's too young to understand this procedure done onto his Father despite his Mother and Father have some kind of on and off relationship. Robert has been in and out of Patrick's life to the point too much despite some raising him when he and Marissa were together. Patrick has recognized my son as family last time Robert saw him but hasn't acknowledged the Father/son connection at the moment. Marissa hasn't done anything to encourage the Father/son connection instead have been parading various men onto Patrick as her latest boy toy whenever she wasn't with Robert. Her parading has gotten to the point that Patrick is seeing the men in a bad way as in not wanting anything to do with them and only answering to Robert's parental authority and ignoring his Mother's authority."
Guardian sighed again as Lynn kept talking "Besides I wouldn't be surprised if Marissa gets fed up with Patrick and has him onto you to take care of primary. She had a daughter with another man during time off with Robert who got saddled with the girl in question. I warn you that Robert is very fond of children enough to take primary custody of the children Marissa doesn't seem to care for. She's already gone through three children she saddled Robert to take care of and is focused onto Patrick at the moment as her fourth child and only child she prefers to take care of. She might change her mind and drop him onto Robert's lap which is you in question."
Guardian groaned softly hearing Lynn's words as she continued talking "You as Robert is expected to live his life normally as you can period. You're known as Robert O'Neil and that's who you'll be period. Don't question me or my words now."
He heard a door knocking sound to peer passed Lynn to find a nurse entering the room with disapproval on her face and the female speaking "Missus Seaward your visit is over with now."
He figured to himself "The nurse overhead Lynn's talk."
Guardian frowned finding Lynn patting his hand and getting up leaving the room followed by the nurse as a doctor with a lab coat entered the room shutting the door while carrying a handheld computer pad and making beeping noises from it. 
He frowned eyeing the doctor warily till the male spoke "Don't mind Missus Seaward, Mother of Robert O'Neil whose body your brain was implanted in. She's going through first stages of dementia and hasn't fully accepted that her son is dead with you taking his place. She's in denial at the moment by her words."
Guardian spoke "What's with the bit on the kids she claims Robert was raising?"
He frowned while eyeing the doctor who paused from tapping onto the computer pad to speak "Do you know who this woman named Marissa Banks is?"
He found himself recalling fully to speak "A woman who Robert had an on and off relationship with which he fathered four children with her whenever he was with her. I recalled that they shared joint custody of the four children but she was the primary caretaker actually."
He frowned to find the doctor adding "Anything else you remember of Robert's life, Victor as the Duke said is your name?"
He spoke firmly "Robert worked in a factory as a teenager a high school drop out at seventeen just to pay for his outrageous expensive taste in his life. He didn't take the job seriously. He wound up smoking and drinking too much enough to goof off on the job including nearly getting fired multiple times. The boss found he was not disciplined in the job had him thrown into military school which he only stayed for two years till he reached nineteen. It's when he was kicked out for having an improper relationship with a female recruit. He's sort of a womanizer actually. Likes to target women for sex then dumping them once he's done the deed. Anyway he met Marissa in the military school which she dropped out and followed him to Megiddo her the reason why he was kicked out. He and Marissa have an on and off relationship that resulted into four children during times they were together. Anything else I should tell you?"
Guardian frowned while eyeing the doctor who kept on tapping onto his pad followed by halting the tap to stare at him with a narrowed eyed look. He frowned finding the doctor flaring golden eyes making him nervous to see that unexpectedly.
It was followed by the doctor speaking "Something you care to admit about your life other than Robert O'Neil? Such as the reason for this name of Yevgeny Alexander Visser in question? That despite the name of Victor and Guard Beers used?"
Guardian sighed and inhaled to speak firmly "The name of Yevgeny Alexander Visser was given to me via a Man of Cloth for a Mahalia's crowning of a King after word got out that the preceding King died in a plane crash. I was crowned as King in his place. I do recall that the preceding King's wife unsure of what her name was said to be power mad and do whatever she could do to take the Mahalia throne underneath her leadership and her rule."
He heard an ahem noise from the doctor in response as he paused which he continued "Guard Beers was the name I used all my life while living in Mahalia raised by a midwife all over that continent. I later once grown was contacted by a member of the King's staff that made it seem like I was an illegitimate son of him and oldest male heir despite born from another female other than the King's wife. I'm still not sure of the details of my existence or how I came to exist. I keep getting various wild scenarios from people claiming to be my Mother that carried me including various excuses to explain why I came to exist. I'm still confused on that area at the moment."
He frowned while eyeing the doctor who spoke "Robert's existence came courtesy of Missus Seaward back then working in a hotel as a maid that delivered a lot more than just towels to a male she has refused to identify as her son's Father in question. DNA tests was done onto Robert after he was found brain dead. His Father has been identified which I'm not at liberty to say who he is out of respect for his privacy at the moment. His Father has already met Robert when he was alive which the meeting didn't go very well at all."
Guardian groaned softly hearing the doctor's words as the male gave off another ahem noise while still giving him a golden eyed glare.
He spoke firmly as if recalling his existence fully "The King of Mahalia met an actress named Victoria Lynn as her stage name at some publicity party who slipped him a hotel key. He wound up later having an argument with his wife which he went to the hotel where Victoria Lynn was staying and proceeded to create me. I'm not sure of the details of her carrying status-"
He was interrupted "Sorry that's the name of Missus Seaward used when working in the hotel. She used the name of Victoria Lynn actually."
Guardian groaned while rubbing a hand over his eyes and then focused onto the doctor as if needing to do it to speak "You sure that Victoria Lynn wasn't a popular name combination for females to have?"
He frowned while eyeing the doctor who spoke "The Victoria name back then of you're conceiving was very popular among Columbian natives to name their daughters. It was some kind of fad for them to name their daughters that name. It's something that your Mother an actress you claim she is must have caught on and tried to pass onto Mahalia's natives in question. Hence she using the name."
He sighed and spoke once the doctor gave up another ahem noise "Alright. I'll tell you what I know of Guard Beers' life on Mahalia."
Guardian proceeded to speak the story and then once done spoke while adding "I recall my death was being in a helicopter alone with the pilot. It burst into flame all around me then nothing else after that that other than dreaming Robert's memories as my own memories in question."
He glared at the doctor who spoke "Anything else you want to admit hmm?"
Guardian groaned and spoke firmly recalling as if compelled "I recall some being dubbing Guardian of Life and Death giving me another chance of living despite declared dead to Egyptians. Sorry can't help you on that matter at the moment."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line as the doctor spoke "Interesting. The Guardian of Life and Death is the hand of the All Seeing One who decides on who goes to the Summerland or stays back in Egyptia. It's interesting that the Guardian would give you a second chance. Don't wreck your second chance period Victor. You have powerful friends who care about you so let them help you get your life back you hear?"
Guardian frowned but spoke firmly "I'll do what I can to live my life the way I can."
He got from the doctor "Don't worry about it, Victor. I'll see that you have a life wherever you wish to live in question."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as the doctor left the room shutting the door which he heard a meow to feel pressure of vibrations getting onto the bed followed by familiar cat paws getting onto his front. Guardian looked to find the familiar black cat was back that proceeded to tummy sit onto his front giving off purring vibrations he feeling himself lulled to sleep. He shut his eyes to pass out unconscious to come to finding himself floating above his new body to find the cat was curled up asleep on his front. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding off his left to look with shock seeing himself dressed in a white suit with all white eyes and giving him a narrowed eyed glare. 
He gulped and frowned while eyeing himself who spoke "I do what it takes to protect Egyptia from harm even transporting myself out of various body forms to protect her in question."
Guardian exhaled a breath frowning as himself spoke "Your still me as the Guardian of Life and Death only in mind only. The destruction of your original body freed me to transport myself to various body forms including gonoids only you would know where I am from looking at them."
He frowned and gulped again as himself the Guardian of Life and Death spoke "It was I who influence this male titled Duke to give you a second chance in life into this body form you are now."
He gulped again hearing the Guardian of Life and Death's words who added "You will live as this body form's mind in this body form's life as your second chance of living period. Don't try to seek out your original body's life. I have influence and will use it to snuff your life out if you try anything like that. Take the opportunity for a new life now Robert O'Neil as you'll be referred as your new identity."
Guardian groaned softly as the Guardian of Life and Death waved a hand towards him and he found himself back into Robert's body to feel the cat's purring vibrations rumbling while sitting on his front. He sighed and let the cat lull him to calmness despite his mind whirling of various questions running through him. Guardian heard a meow from the cat followed by feeling the gonoid arching its back and paws felt pressing onto his front. He sighed as he felt a hand touch his shoulder in a gentle squeeze gesture he recalled fully why he was receiving it. He opened his eyes to focus onto a male having looks of Lance Richard's face and hair while standing next to him while clad in clothes he saw was twin to the Guardian of Life and Death's white suit but this time in a black suit color. He frowned as Lance Richard's twin formed an all black eyed look while narrowing in a glare in response. 
Guardian gulped and spoke firmly "My body was destroyed and mind organ put into this body after Robert's mind organ was found dead. Don't ask me why I was put into this body for this. I'm pretty sure I have to live my life as Robert O'Neil since I have his face in question."
He frowned while eyeing Lance Richard's twin who spoke "The name is Jinks, Robert's Father biologically. I'm declared vessel of the deity named Lance Richard despite having his face. That despite outliving normal Egyptians' life spans at the moment. You don't seem to have inherited what made Robert special enough for Marissa to keep wanting to have a relationship with my son and raising his offsprings at the moment."
He sighed hearing the creepy voice tone of Jinks he figured he'll refer him using the Source ability in control as he frowned eyeing the male. Guardian frowned while eyeing Jinks who willed aside the all black eyed look and showed Human blue eyes to his relief. He got from Jinks who spoke "Anyhow I'll explain everything regarding me being in my son's life and insisting that you remain acting as my son period."
Guardian groaned softly to frown noticing Jinks' Human blue eyes turn into a glaring look he recognized his Mother raiser would give him whenever he was in trouble with breaking her rules. He spoke the entire story of his existence as Guard Beers followed by ending of dying in a helicopter explosion.
He added "I'm told that the Duke has some special interests into me but I'm not sure why."
Guardian frowned while eyeing Jinks who spoke "Actually my son got his name of Robert O'Neil from my ancestor of my family line who was named that. He took up the name legally out of rebellion towards his Mother whose birth name was Lynn Mallard. She changed her name legally to Lynn Seaward. His original name was Mallard Seaward actually. My son really hated his birth name and thought it was awful so he changed it to Robert O'Neil."
He frowned as Jinks kept talking "The name change happened once his Mother admitted who fathered him actually. He already met me but the meeting didn't go very good despite he managed to get the Robert O'Neil name out of me."
Guardian frowned as Jinks added displaying his Source ability in control while using his creepy voice tone "My son was sort of abusive with his Source abilities involving my eyes' change he inherited. He used his Source abilities to do whatever he wanted including keeping an on and off relationship with this Marissa as she wishes to be called. Her name was actually Victoria as that name was used back then for Columbian natives to name their daughters."
He sighed softly hearing Jinks' words as the male continued talking after willing aside the Source to his relief "Robert fathered four offsprings through Marissa despite she trying for a fifth offspring on admittance to why they both had a public mating ritual in front of people while out in a restaurant after getting together. Too bad police arrived and got them to jail cells for that publicity stunt in question. Marissa was still trying to get Robert alone with her while contained in separate jail cell she heard begging for my son to be alone with her. The cops balked in response and told her to pay a few hundred dollars worth of tip towards the restaurant from embarrassing them with the PDA as the public display of affection is dubbed. Marissa to this day hasn't bothered to do that and hasn't bothered to go back to that restaurant in question since she was freed from jail. Instead Robert left her in jail and wound up taking his ill fated trip to visit his Mother on the mainland which I'm told you know what happened."
Guardian spoke firmly "I know what happened actually. I'm aware of his demise as fully remembered fully in my mind as if I experienced it. I also fully recalled some parts of Robert's life like I experience it myself but it's through my point of view as Guard Beers actually."
He clamped his mouth while eyeing Jinks to get from the male giving off a laugh and speaking "I have plans for you, Victor Seaward, as you'll be called now. I expect you to obey me in those plans period. I have plans I want to see come to fruition. I'll do what it takes to see those plans come true. Don't deter me from them Victor. You'll see what those plans are actually once the time arrives. Excuse me while I'll see myself out."
Guardian gulped as Jinks walked out of the room shutting the door. He felt the cat resume its sitting on his front to resume staring at the ceiling.
He thought to himself "Oh dear. I do hope those plans don't involve something drastic."
Guardian groaned softly and laid awake for a lengthy time period till the cat's rumbling vibrations was felt and he shut his eyes lulled to sleep to pass out unconscious. 

Part Five: As Robert

Guardian recalled the meeting with Jinks aka Nikolai as he was dubbed by the Lancelot group in Columbia's main nation of United States that focused onto the Northern part of the Columbian continent. He recalled with annoyance running through him that Nikolai was appearing to be some persona of the vessel of Lance Richard that earned his name from manipulating people to do things for him in various ways that seemed nasty to him. He felt annoyed as he was sitting in a bar about to sip his alcoholic drink when a hand clamped over it. Guardian looked with annoyance to find Nikolai he figured he'll refer him glaring at him who without a word took the drink out of his hand and jabbed a finger towards the bar's entrance. He sighed recalling that Nikolai seemed to have some sixth sense cued towards his own offsprings including finding them no matter where they were hiding all over Egyptia. He didn't say a word in response got up and walked out of the bar despite wearing winter geared clothing on his form while being in the winter town of Wasilla in the United States. He felt annoyance take hold as Nikolai got him into a black tinted windowed sedan followed by gagging him on the throat by mental Source abilities in control. 
Guardian gagged out in response "What did I do this time? I was told to come here by someone using your identity and stay there. Don't tell me it wasn't you but someone else actually."
He glared at Nikolai in response who quit the choking onto him which he breathed deeply to frown while staring at the male while feeling the vehicle start up and drive away. He got Nikolai giving off a loud growl sound in response followed by the male running hands over his head yanking at the strands and appearing to look angry to him. He frowned while staring at Nikolai who quit his hair yanking followed by giving him an all black eyed glare in response. 
Guardian got from Nikolai "Alright. I have a twin or a lookalike vessel of Lance Richard dubbed by this name of Jinks."
He groaned softly as Nikolai added "Jinks some good doer always never does wrong who the Lancelot group is focused onto him at the moment as their actual vessel. They refused to have anything to do with me at the moment despite I keep flaunting myself as the vessel to them. They just prefer Jinks over me at the moment. Anyway I'm not entirely sure of how Jinks convinced them to accept him as the vessel despite we both have twin mental abilities I dub as Source and twin faces to Lance Richard. Not entirely sure of what name he dubs his mental abilities anyway or why they prefer him over me."
Guardian groaned softly to frown while staring at Nikolai who kept talking as he felt the vehicle moving down the street that was bumpy all over the place "I grew up in the Lancelot group influenced by them despite them not said to be doing it to Jinks in question. I'm not kidding when I said I lived very long which I have actually. I have fathered various offsprings during the cycles I've lived all over Columbia. Some of my offsprings have turned to favor Jinks over me as their Father despite I actually their parent biology."
He sighed softly to get from Nikolai speaking "Who's the one that told you to go to Wasilla using my identity anyway?"
He spoke firmly "It was a letter in the mail using your Crimson company logo in printed word telling me to go to Wasilla period and stay there for lengthy time period."
He got Nikolai hissing out a growl which he added "I've been receiving various letters in the mail with your company logo on them telling me to go all over the United States at various locations to stay there. I was assuming it was you doing that to me. I guess I was wrong to think that?"
Guardian frowned while staring at Nikolai who hissed out another growling noise followed by the male speaking "Those letters weren't from me actually."
He groaned softly as the vehicle reached a smooth road felt and was driving over it as Nikolai continued "I suspect I know who sent those letters to you. Someone in Jinks' circle is aware of me and wants my offsprings such as you to be out of my influence. Hence this ridiculous wild chase all over the United States to find them including you in question. It was no coincidence that I found you in this bar in this backwater town in question. I intercepted a letter sent to you by a servant loyal to me that revealed your location which is how I found you in question."
Guardian spoke firmly once Nikolai paused "I got the feeling the moment I arrived to this town that a meeting between you and I would be arranged. Towns' folk kept on claiming some meeting between me and my Father would happen at the bar where you found me in question. They didn't say anything else on what else would happen. Just said that you would find me."
He clamped his mouth shut while frowning as Nikolai thrust a fist aimed at the car door he seeing the metal handle bent underneath his fisting. He frowned as Nikolai again rubbed his hands through his hair again yanking his long black hair's strands and looking angry to him. 
Guardian heard Nikolai growling out "Blast him for this stunt! I can't get him out of my life no matter how I try."
He spoke firmly "Who are you talking-"
He was interrupted by Nikolai snarling while looking at him "Jinks the good vessel who the group worships as their deity. He manipulated this meeting to happen. He keeps on interfering with my life and manipulating me and my company Crimson including my own offsprings in question. No matter how I complain to the Lancelot group regarding him manipulating me they refused to help stop his jokey behavior. He keeps on pulling this joke onto me over and over. It's aggravating me. Besides he manipulated this meeting as a message to me that he can still control me and my family including my life."
Guardian groaned softly as Nikolai looked away while again running hands through his hair. He sighed to rub a hand over his chin that was covered with facial hair despite feeling his bald head part covered with hair that was always leaving a line where his operation was like a scar line and refused to grow hair in its place. He sighed and leaned back to discover the vehicle entering an airport in the fading sun he spotted a plane belonging to Jinks' group Master Organization as dubbed with Master on the side and saw the car was making a beeline towards it.
Guardian spoke firmly "Um, Father, Jinks has gotten a hold of the driver to use his own plane by the looks of it outside."
He eyed Nikolai warily to see the male looking out the window including peering pass the driver to again bring a fist onto the car handle bending it further and growling loudly in some angry voice tone. He sighed as the vehicle reached Jinks' plane to sit and refused to budge. He found two Master Organization army men arriving into sight that opened the passenger doors of the vehicle letting him and Nikolai out while both giving off golden eyed looks of a Compeller. He sighed and got out of the vehicle and walked to the plane finding Nikolai not following. Guardian groaned and went back to the car to find Nikolai still seated inside looking furiously angry to him. He gently took Nikolai's arm pulling the male out of the vehicle who didn't protest or balk in response. He escorted Nikolai to the plane and got them both inside finding a male twin to Nikolai's facial appearance seated inside in a seat while dressed in twin clothes.
He heard Nikolai snarl "Father, I hate you!"
Guardian frowned hearing that from Nikolai to find the army men grabbing a hold of the male and saw one inject into his neck a syringe followed by him brought to a seat and forced to sleep into it who appeared to passed out unconscious. He frowned while eyeing Jinks he figured was Nikolai's twin who displayed the Source into control making him gulp as he felt the plane move for takeoff position. He frowned as the army men grabbed a hold of his arms locking handcuffs onto them and forced him to kneel followed by feeling the plane going up into the air. 
He frowned while eyeing Jinks warily who spoke "So tell me about what my son Nikolai says about me hmm?"
He exhaled a breath hearing Jinks refer Nikolai as his son spoke after inhaling a breath "He claims that you're his twin or lookalike that the group is following quite religiously like as vessel of their god actually. That despite his attempts to get the followers to follow him in question which has been balked."
Guardian frowned while eyeing Jinks that spoke "Interesting hearing that from you. I do warn you that Nikolai considers himself the vessel of Lance Richard despite I the actual vessel. He has managed to use his looks, mental abilities, and inheritance to the Crimson Company to create a branch of the Master Organization dubbed Lancelot to believe into him as their religious leader. Unfortunately for him I have managed to stamp out that belief and used the Lancelot group to focus onto being bodyguards to the vessel and own offsprings including descendants of me as well."
He frowned forming it on his lips as Jinks continued speaking "Besides you caught my eye the moment you survived a dinosaur attack despite a mind organ replacement. So I had to test you on your loyalty towards my son as in sending you all over the United States with communiqué pretending to be from him."
He groaned softly as Jinks quit the Source look to his relief followed by giving him a glaring look of Human blue eyes he recognized the look his Mother raiser would give him whenever he was in trouble. 
Guardian spoke firmly "Whatever conflict you have with your son Nikolai keep me out of it. It's your business to work it out with him. Just let me live my own life."
He formed a glare to gulp as Jinks formed his Source look again followed by the male speaking "Hmph. Interesting that you called him by that name instead of his actual title of Father despite he fathering you. You care to explain why your not acting like the Robert O'Neil I know of?"
Guardian spoke the entire story of his life on Mahalia and death then added as he noticed Jinks' eyes narrow "I'm told that my mind organ was still displaying activity hence it exchanged in place of Robert O'Neil's mind organ that was declared mind dead. I have a scar line on the back of my head where my hair refuses to grow marking me there where the operation happened."
He clamped his mouth shut into a frown while staring at Jinks warily who willed aside the Source followed by cocking his head with some look of concentration on his face and eyes. 
He frowned wondering to himself "What's he up to?"
Guardian kept his mouth shut as Jinks shook his head followed by concentrating onto him and speaking "Alright what you said was the truth regarding this mind organ transplant happening. You confirmed this medical procedure that Crimson invented something I'm not sure if it's right or wrong for my son to be doing at the moment. You're actually the first person to survive having that happen actually without any medical issues. The only issues I see regarding you is you need to attend to your hygiene especially your facial hair needs to be shaved off. You look ridiculous with that on you actually."
He sighed softly as he felt the handcuffs yanked off his wrists followed by Jinks added "Go sit down, Victor."
He obeyed to sit in a chair next to Nikolai sleeping in one finding the male giving off groaning noises while shaking his head but remained asleep. Guardian frowned as he found one of the army men injecting a syringe into his neck followed by pumping the drug into him. He felt sleepiness hitting him shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Guardian came to hearing thunder and lightening noises which he jerked open his eyes discovering himself lying in a clearing with thunder and lightening flashing and booming overhead. He got up with a start looking around to discover that he was naked of his clothes along with feeling wind blowing heavy air. He looked around to figure that he was in Megiddo from the looks of the plant's life bunched all around him. Guardian frowned as he looked around but felt himself remained rooted in spot feet refusing to budge moving. He frowned as he saw a familiar figure he recognized as the Guardian of Life and Death arrive via a lightening show flashing revealing him to stand with arms folded while still dressed in his familiar white suit. He sensed himself not alone with the Guardian of Life and Death to look off his right to find Jinks or Nikolai he not sure which one was standing there with the Source in control arms folded. 
He eyed Jinks or Nikolai's twin warily to find the male speaking "Interesting trick you did regarding granting my son Nikolai's wish to keep his favored son alive."
He exhaled a breath to figure "It's Jinks who's speaking not a twin or Nikolai."
Guardian shifted to eye the Guardian of Life and Death who spoke "I do what I can for a price tag. A life for a life. The payment was paid. Nikolai's wish is granted. Don't question me again on my purposes regarding Egyptia."
He eyed Jinks who raised his hands into some salute method he saw was of a fist over a palm followed by the scene going black which his nose smelled something making him want to be awake. He jerked open his eyes with a start to discover himself still in the plane with Jinks and Nikolai awake but looking dejected while slouched down in a seat.
He frowned while eyeing around him to find Jinks seated nearby that spoke "Anyhow my son you and your son are free to go. We've landed safely in Megiddo at the moment. Don't question me again my son on my purposes of manipulating you and your life involving your own offsprings. I have purposes with my plans. My plans say that you my son will stay in Megiddo running the Crimson company till I order you out. Don't protest to it. I paid a terrible price for you to grant your wish for having your son Robert live again. You don't want to know what terrible price it is so leave now."
Guardian got Nikolai flaring his eyes black in response which he spoke firmly "A life for a life."
He eyed Nikolai who looked at him while willing aside the Source and looking like he was having watery eyes. Guardian didn't say a word in response got up and went to Nikolai gently taking the male's arm pulling him not resisting out of the seat and out of the plane to a waiting limo which a male in a driver's uniform opened the door. He got Nikolai inside followed by himself hearing the driver shut the door. Guardian didn't say a word as Nikolai gave up wailing fits of nonsense sounds while rocking his form back and forth with tears spilling in his eyes and rubbing hands through his hair. He sighed softly and recalled what Robert would do whenever Nikolai was having a crying fit to gently put arms around the male and hugged him Robert's style while keeping his mouth shut. Guardian didn't say a word in response as Nikolai accepted the hug followed by sensed calming himself down but quiet as the limo was felt moving he spotted out the window traveling out of the airport to the town. He spotted signs for Elizabethtown and saw the city was twin to what he recalled fully in his mind. 
Guardian frowned as he sensed Nikolai was still with breathing sensed he figured "Must have fallen asleep."
He found his hunch incorrect by Nikolai removing his arms off of him and speaking "I'm fine now. You can stop hugging me."
He didn't comment a response instead kept his mouth shut in silence while eyeing out the window eyeing the city that seemed vast and big despite on an island. He frowned as the limo entered a garage of a tall towering building followed by seeing males dressed into Master Organization army wear clothing gathered around in the garage's room. He sighed and wordlessly followed Nikolai out of the vehicle to find the army men doing salutes of hand over their chests right where the beater organ was each time the male passed them while giving him a narrowed eyed look of scrutiny. He ignored their looks to follow Nikolai into the elevator to find the male using Source's voice abilities to get to his residence he assumed was where they were going. He found the elevator went up seemingly lengthy appearing to be the top of the building followed by opening doors to show a male wearing a bow tie and a black suit standing in the hallway with a blank expression on his face. 
He followed Nikolai out of the elevator to find the male handing the bow tie's male his jacket and speaking firmly "Jones, prepare the guest room for Victor as he wishes to be called now instead of his actual name. See that he does something about his hygiene even if you have to teach him how."
He found Jones he assumed was the bow tie's male disappearing from view to figure that involved an ability to run very fast as he followed Nikolai further into the penthouse he figured was where they were. He found Nikolai leading the way through the white walled hallways devoid of color and art to a room appearing to be an office that was entirely in black with a lamp shining. He frowned finding the windows were curtained as Nikolai went to the cupboard and pulled out a bottle appearing to hold alcohol in it and poured a glass full of it. He frowned finding Nikolai gulped down the bottle's contents in the glass cup appearing to look thirsty to him. Guardian kept his mouth shut as Nikolai quit the gulping leaving some left to look at him with widen eyes making him annoyed. 
He frowned as Nikolai spoke "Jones!"
He sensed Jones next to him to find Nikolai added "See Victor to the guest room now. I want to be alone for awhile."
Guardian sighed and followed Jones out of the room finding the butler he assumed was his position leading him through a vast array of corridors till they stopped at a door and got gestured to go inside.
He spoke firmly once the butler got the door open "My knowledge of getting the facial hair off me has escaped me."
He eyed the butler who spoke "You'll find the proper gear for learning how to do this shaving as it's called via TV monitor in the hygiene room. That's all I'm allowed to help you with. Anything else hygiene manner you'll have to figure it out yourself. Sorry sir but my duty to Master Nikolai comes first then anyone else here living with him. He made it clear when he had you assigned to the guest room sir."
Guardian opened his mouth to speak to find the butler faded from view which he groaned and without as word entered the room he assumed was the guest room to discover it was just a large bathroom complete with a separate tub and shower. He spotted various TV monitors in the room in various spots including mirrors and two sinks with faucets. 
He sighed and shut the door and figured to himself "I might as well do what I can for my hygiene. I do hope I know how to get this facial hair crap off of me."
Guardian frowned at what he thought but proceeded to attend to his hygiene.

Guardian came out of the bathroom once freshly showered, face shaved of all facial hair and scrubbed clean while dressed into the clothes Jones left for him on the counter. He found the clothes was jeans and some blue button top he tucked into his pants on memory of Robert doing it himself including finding sneakers and white socks. 
He walked out of the bathroom to stand with a frown thinking to himself "Now where do I go next?"
Guardian frowned sensing himself spied on by senses blaring to find the spy was eyes peeking out of a basket with cat like ears sitting in the hallway. He sighed and walked up towards the cat to find a black cat darting out with a meow in a playful tone and darting down the hallway in a fast move. He followed as if compelled to do it to hear a loud meow sounded in an excited tone which he followed to find Nikolai in the hallway having the cat on his shoulder. He frowned finding the cat rubbing its face onto Nikolai's head and appearing to be friendly with the male who did a double take look seeing him.
He got Nikolai flaring the Source ignoring the cat which he spoke firmly "The clothes and shoes was what your butler left for me on the sink counter. I didn't ask for them. I prefer something else anyway."
He clamped his mouth seeing Nikolai holding up a hand fisted to feel a choking sensation in his throat to gag out "What? Shouldn't I ask for something else-"
Guardian was interrupted by Nikolai giving off a loud growling noise sounding furiously angry to him making him gulp as the cat kept on rubbing its face onto the side of the male's head.
He placed a hand onto his neck feeling himself struggling to breathe only to mentally speak "Shield."
Guardian found himself no longer gagging but breathing deeply while narrowing his eyes aimed at Nikolai who folded his arms while willing aside the Source. He found the cat wrapped itself around the back of Nikolai's neck and appeared to sit there looking content to him. 
Guardian glared as he folded his arms while giving Nikolai a glare who spoke "My Father hinted that there was something special about you, Victor despite claiming that you don't have the Source abilities. He has refused to say what's special about you except said that you won't be trapped again. He has refused to further explain this talk to me."
He opened his mouth to speak only to get Nikolai holding up a hand and speaking "I don't want to know what it is. My Father said that its one of the things I'm not supposed to know. But he assures me that you have clear knowledge of Robert's life fully in your mind enough to act like him. Is he right on this Victor?"
Guardian spoke firmly with the knowledge fully in his mind "Yes he's right. I do know everything regarding Robert and his life fully in my mind. I do know how to act like him. If you want me to act like Robert then Robert I will be unless otherwise. You're my Father biologically anyway."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to find Nikolai rubbing a hand on his forehead and then resumed folding his arms. 
He frowned as Nikolai spoke "Alright the Duke ruler of Megiddo in case you don't know who he is, seemed to have some kind of interests in a Mahalian native being kept alive at all costs including being the one who authorized this mind organ exchange transfer in the first place to happen."
Guardian didn't say a word in response walked up towards Nikolai who paused to frown which he stopped once an arm length away to find the male again speaking "It was the Duke who sent me a communiqué on being responsible for this happening to you and Robert in question. He has refused to further explain his motives on wanting you kept alive despite being in Robert's body. The Duke during his communiqués have made it clear that you were to be kept alive at all costs. Hence this medical procedure done to keep you alive living a second chance despite told your original body was destroyed."
He sighed softly and frowned forming it on his lips while eyeing Nikolai who added "Besides I admit it I was in denial at first when told that Robert was dead via mind organ with you, Victor taking his place. I didn't accept this fact at first hence my Father on admittance testing me on my loyalty towards you in question. It was by sending you all over the United States to test your loyalty towards me as your Father and my loyalty towards you as my son."
Guardian recalled Robert's way of acknowledging Nikolai's talk gave the head bob in response to see Nikolai form a frown on his face which he spoke firmly "I have memories of Robert and his life fully in mind."
He clamped his mouth shut once seeing Nikolai's eyes water with tears in them to find Nikolai walking away with the cat still clinging to him. 
He followed to hear "Jones!"
Guardian frowned to find Jones appearing in view next to a walking Nikolai the butler walking sideways in front of the male who added "See Victor out of my residence to his home residence in the city where he should be getting a life. I don't give a damn on what pathetic excuses he'll say towards you to stay here. Just get him out now!"
He sighed and found Jones next to him taking his arm in a firm grip and got him to the elevator he saw wasn't the one Nikolai used to enter the apartment instead appeared to look like a side elevator to him. 
He frowned as Jones spoke once they both were inside he feeling the elevator not moving but the doors shut "Alright I admit it that Master Nikolai and Robert didn't get along very well. They always whenever they meet always have some kind of fighting argument that'll turn into fighting with fists and Source abilities as he calls the mental abilities. Anyway Master Nikolai is highly trained in combative art dubbed karate something he learned from his Father who raised him. Robert has always habitually used his fists to punch his Father using some very strong strength ability stronger than his Father himself when it comes to fisting in fights. His Father has always suffered broken bones involving his chest's rib bones from Robert punching him there as always whenever they get into fights and no where else for the fisting. Robert has seemed more like the type to fight first than talk first despite his Father trying to get him to do this. Besides I warn you that Robert has made very many enemies within Megiddo at the moment from what I could sense from overhearing Master Nikolai's talk. Anyway good luck living in Megiddo. Master Nikolai is calling for me, excuse me."
He saw the butler fade from view to feel the elevator going down lengthy followed by doors opening which he walked out to find a room appearing to look like a hotel lobby complete with a desk and a clerk giving him a narrowed eyed look of accusation in his eyes aimed at him. 
He sighed and went up to the clerk speaking firmly "The name is Victor as I wish to be called now. Something I can do for you since you don't seem to like me?"
Guardian glared at the clerk who appeared to shake his head followed by speaking "Your vehicle is outside with a driver in front of it waiting for you to get inside."
He spoke firmly "Excuse me you care to tell me what the driver and vehicle looks like?"
He got the clerk doing a double take look followed by feeling hands grab him from behind along with handcuffs placed onto his wrists and got arrested by cops who hauled him out of the building into a van with them sitting next to him. Guardian eyed the window where the driver was driving to find the driver was on the opposite side instead of where he expected him to be from living in Mahalia. 
He frowned as one of the cops held up a tube some breathing device and spoke "Open your mouth now sir."
Guardian obeyed and blew air into the device to hear a beep noise followed by the thing yanked out which he clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the cop who examined it. 
He kept his mouth shut as the cop spoke "He's stone cold."
He recalled stone cold was Megiddo speak for "He's not drunk or drugged."
Guardian kept his mouth shut again as the cop on the opposite of him waved a device over his head which showed an image of his skull complete with the hairline crack scar on the back end indicating his operation. He frowned as the cop waved the device into his eyes he seeing an image of his eyes form in place after removing it showing nothing wrong with it. 
Guardian frowned forming it on his face to find the cop speaking "Alright where have you been Victor, as you wish to be referred?"
He spoke figuring the truth would be best "All over the place."
He found himself annoyed with what he said as he glared at the cop to feel a familiar sense active within him followed by feeling the handcuffs removing themselves off his wrists. He yanked them out in front of him to thrust to a cop who did widen eyes noticing him doing it followed by feeling his familiar sense quit activating within him. Guardian found the cop didn't say a word in response to take the handcuffs as he sat back and folded his arms and didn't protest as the male again waved the device in his eyes. He didn't protest as the cops got him out of the van into the police precinct and into an interrogation room to sit down alone. He sensed himself spied on to find the spying was via camera dome in the ceiling and via black tinted window in the wall facing him. Guardian eyed the window as if drawn till he heard a door squealing sound to find the wall off his left opening followed by a female cop entering the room who went to sit down facing him with arms folded a glare on her face as she flared golden eyes. 
He frowned as she spoke "So tell me what's with the name of Victor when you're known as Robert O'Neil?"
Guardian figured "The truth will be best."
He blurted "I had an accident that nearly killed me. Made me realize what mistakes I did with my life I'm hoping to fix so I won't have people suffer from my wrong doings."
Guardian felt himself annoyed with what he blurted added "Robert isn't my birth name actually. It's Victor."
He formed a frown on his face feeling himself no longer compelled to speak while eyeing the female cop who spoke "Victor interesting name. That name of yours does explain why you were named that. Back then around the time you were born lots of people in Holyoke Wood were naming their daughters Victoria with various middle name combinations used. Your name of Victor explains that your Mother was hoping for a girl when she got a boy and named you that."
Guardian didn't say a word in response as the female cop held up a remote control and pressed a button. He found one wall off his right turning into a montage of scenes he recognized himself in them appearing to be doing mating sex behaviors onto a female ignoring that they both were filmed doing the behavior in areas that appeared to be outdoors' of restaurants he figured wasn't in Elizabethtown. 
Guardian exhaled a breath to look away once the scenes stopped flashing to focus onto the cop who spoke "What do you have to say about the PDA you and your girlfriend Marissa Banks as she's publicity known despite born Victoria Lynn Smith doing via recorders here?"
He spoke as if compelled "I'm a man I have needs that need to be fulfilled."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the cop who spoke "Watch the recordings again and tell me who started this PDA behavior."
Guardian obeyed to discover the female he assumed was Marissa was the one who started the behavior Robert appearing to not resist to her manipulations. 
He spoke firmly once the recording was off "Recorders show that it's the female who started this behavior and not the male doing it."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with what he blurt to find the cop speaking "And why is the male letting the female get away with this behavior in the first place despite the male known publicity to avoid doing this onto females in public?"
He sighed softly and with a frown spoke "Sounds like a couple in love with each other who missed each other terribly and don't have much free time to do PDA's as you call them onto each other. Hence they picking poor choice places to do this PDA behavior."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the cop that spoke "Anything you remember to explain this PDA behavior done between this couple in places inappropriate for this to happen?"
Guardian stared at the table top forming a faraway look on his face forcing himself to remember Robert's memory of the PDA behavior onto Marissa he recalled fully to speak "The male was thrown into some military sea group onto a boat in question on orders of his own Father for disciplining him. It's like what I said the male didn't have much opportunities for being with this female very much. His Father had him kept on the boat for a lengthy time period with limit opportunities to be on the mainland. Hence he going along with the PDA started by the female. I'm telling the truth when I said I'm a man that have needs. He was suffering from that lack of having that needs fulfilled and had to restrain himself while contained on the boat due to orders of that behavior was not acceptable for him and whoever to have among people on the vessel in question. Hence he getting his needs fulfilled by this female even in places inappropriate for this PDA behavior to happen."
Guardian clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the cop who spoke "Is there any reason why the couple couldn't have gone to some place private like a hotel room for doing this PDA behavior?"
He recalled fully to speak "He didn't have the money to pay for a hotel room. His money he earned from the military or navy whichever was kept out of his reach by his Father's orders on disciplining him. The female was living with people at the time who didn't approve of their relationship and would do anything to keep them apart. Those people ignored the fact that he fathered children with the female. Instead they have been pressuring the female on her complaining to the male on putting the children up for adoption she refusing to do it. Her excuse on keeping the children is that they remind her of him which I know was a lie. Her real excuse on admittance when both were arrested that he had some kind of mental ability he passed down onto the children whatever that is she was hoping to use to break the law in making her rich."
He clamped his mouth shut again while eyeing the cop who held up the remote which he saw a recording of Marissa contained in a jail cell pacing back and forth while looking nervous to him. He frowned feeling nothing sexual towards the recording of Marissa as she kept on pacing he noticing she was dressed sexually in a revealing way. Guardian felt himself disgusted which he looked away while giving off a sound of disgust and eyed the cop who smirked to his annoyance.
Guardian spoke firmly "Kindly tell me why I'm contained in here and list the charges other than PDA's towards me."
He glared at the cop who spoke "Nothing has been charged towards you. Instead your Commander wants you back on the boat right away for disciplinary issues."
He groaned softly as two cops arrived into the room and got him to stand followed by escorting him out of the police precinct into a van and eyed the window to find it taking him to the sea docks he spotted a military vessel belonging to Mahalia's army group by the flag blowing from it in view. Guardian frowned as the cops got him out of the van and up the gangplank to the military vessel which he met the Commander he recalled from memory was a male with a beret hat wearing a blue army outfit giving him a glare on his face. 
Guardian frowned as the Commander he recalled was named McCall spoke in a harsh familiar voice tone "Drop down and give me twenty now!"
He recalled what the order meant doing pushups which he obeyed finding himself doing them in a fast move followed by getting up in an acrobatic swing up move as if he had the muscle memory to do them. He stood ram rod straight to find the cops had left with the gangplank back onto the deck as McCall flared golden eyes of a he recalled was of a Compeller despite not thinking of it at first. 
Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line as McCall glaring at him ordered "Go to medical for a physical now!"
He groaned softly and didn't protest McCall's order to jog to medical bay as if he had muscle memory of doing it to find the doctor was a male Daisuke look alike by the eyes and giving him an all black eyed glare of Source in control. He didn't say a word as the doctor got him into various tests including refusing to give him an explanation for them or that they gave him discomfort. Guardian frowned as the doctor got him to do a verbal test involving answering spoken questions from the male that seemed all over the place and made him annoyed to hear. 
He got handed a handheld computer pad and got ordered "This test is for you to do so do it now."
Guardian obeyed to recall Robert's memories of manipulating the handheld's computer pad doing tests for them he finding his efforts to manipulate it not working. He felt himself confused on what he should do towards the computer pad that refused to show anything on the screen and kept on showing a blank black screen to his annoyance.
Guardian groaned feeling himself annoyed spoke while holding up the pad "Can you turn this thing on? I don't think I know how."
He got an Hmph from the doctor in response who took the computer pad followed by giving off an ahem sound he feeling chains wrapped around his middle locking his arms to his sides. Guardian felt his familiar sense he figured he'll refer as Guard activated to break the chains while standing up only to get chained again around his middle and around his feet by green skinned guards. He found his Guard sense still activated broke the chains around his middle and kicked them off his legs while giving the doctor a glare of accusation on his face. He recalled fully that the doctor never pulled this chain trap test onto Robert whenever the male was back onto the warship. 
He glared at the doctor who spoke "Halt the chain trap now."
Guardian found the green skinned guards he recalled were actually primitive manoids natives of Megiddo dubbed Meg that got civilized enough to live contained on the warships of the Mahalia nation's army group as reason why Megiddo's ruler had Mahalia have a permanent base on their island to control them among the population living among nature. 
He kept his mouth shut as he sensed Guard willed away while glaring at the doctor who spoke "Interesting. Anyway your Father contacted us on having you discharged from the navy immediately. You're free to leave anytime you want. Guards, see him to the top deck now."
He found the Megs getting a hold of his arms via clawed hands and pulling and pushing him through the warship to the top deck to find the ship was sailing away from land from the looks of it. Guardian didn't say a word as the two Megs were joined by other Megs who lifted him above them and with some swing move got him off the boat falling towards the water which he landed with a splash. He found himself using muscle memory to swim up to the surface to breathe the air while treading water as he found the warship sailing further away from him. Guardian found himself annoyed as he found a small boat nearby him that appeared to be anchored. He sighed and began swimming towards the boat using muscle memory to swim towards it. He broke the surface once reaching the boat to find it still there which he ducked underwater to find the anchor was in the dirt from the looks of it. He groaned and forced himself to get onto the boat he finding it involved paddling from the looks of it. Guardian pulled up the anchor's chain feeling resistance to that pulling as if something was yanking onto the chain. He peered into the water to discover blackness coming from the anchor he recognized with a start belonged to an underwater Kniver gonoid. He grunted an annoyed sound recognizing the anchor had landed onto the Kniver and was cutting it by the blackness seen. Guardian groaned as he broke the rope holding the boat to the anchor and began paddling the boat by oar to land. 
He found his Guard sense activated spoke while feeling rumbling vibrations underneath the boat "Meritanians transport me out to safety now!"
Guardian heard in response "Sorry Robert you'll have to get out of this situation yourself. Not going to help you this time."
He grunted hearing Tut's voice that sounded of regret to him as he felt the rumbling vibrations started shaking the boat from below. He peered into the water to find the Kniver was rising to the surface while still having the anchor attached blackness turning red colored. Guardian sighed and forced himself out of the boat into the water towards the Kniver who kept on rising ignoring him. He reached the Kniver to grab the anchor and with force got it out of digging into the Kniver's scaly skin then went to the surface carrying the anchor. He found the boat caught by current sailing away in a fast move as he found himself floating in air to land into something with a loud splash. He saw he landed into a pool of water appearing to be a swimming pool from the looks of it as he forced himself to the surface and found Nikolai standing at the edge clad in a bathing suit shorts on his form and having a towel wrapped around his neck. 
He frowned as Nikolai gave him a glare with the Source in control and hissed "Get yourself and your dirtiness out of my pool now!"
He obeyed to swim to the edge and hoisted himself out while carrying the anchor and dropped it onto the floor it staining red he finding himself staining the floor with dripping redness. 
Guardian didn't say a word as he heard from Nikolai in response "I hate it when you Meritanians do that dumping joke onto me with various people. Now you just wrecked my pool. Next time pick someplace else for this dumping joke."
He got Nikolai disappearing in a light show to focus onto the pool as if drawn to find the male appear in a light show floating above that fell into the pool with a roar. He found the pool had some blackness stain in its blue waters as he found Nikolai getting out of the pool in a fast move and looking wet all over and giving him a narrowed Source look aimed at him while folding his arms.
Guardian got from Nikolai "Explain this blood I'm seeing from you that isn't yours from the stink of it!"
He sighed and spoke firmly "Kniver got a boat anchor caught into it like hooked. I had to take that thing out despite it causing Kniver injury."
He glared at Nikolai in response who snarled "Blast the Navy for this joke of dumping you into the ocean. It was totally inappropriate for them to use the Meritanians for this transportation job."
Guardian didn't comment a response as Nikolai gave up a loud Hmph and ordered towards him "Follow me with your stinky self now!"
He obeyed to follow Nikolai into a locker room he saw to find the male getting underneath a shower faucet and turning on the water and stripping himself of his bathing suit baring himself to him while giving him a glare and speaking an ahem sound after throwing the clothing onto the floor along with tossing aside the towel. He sighed and didn't comment a response sensed Guard no longer in control stripped himself of his clothes peeling it off of him including dumping his shoes he finding his clothes was the ones he put on from Nikolai's residence despite no change of uniform while in the warship. He got underneath a shower faucet and copied Nikolai's manipulations on turning on the water to heat toleration levels feeling himself better from the showering. Guardian noticed Nikolai eyeing him with narrowed black eyes as if examining him including not sparing looking at his sensitive part. He ignored Nikolai's staring to clean himself with the shampoo and soap's dispensers finding the male copying him but kept up the staring. 
Guardian found Nikolai's staring getting the best of him spoke firmly "Out with it with the blast staring now Father!"
He found himself shocked with what he blurt gave Nikolai a glare while folding his arms to find the male ignoring him glaring to continue on staring at him with eyes narrowed while cleaning himself of soap and shampoo. He found Nikolai's body was twin to his Guard Beers' body by the muscles seen on the stomach but his arms were heavily muscular that had veins seen popping. He shifted to eye his own body finding his familiar stomach muscles back onto his front including noticing his arms was twin to Nikolai's with the muscles and veins popping. Guardian frowned to feel the shampoo and soap off of him shut off the water once cleaned and found Nikolai copying him. He didn't say a word towards Nikolai as he followed the male further into the locker room to find him entering a room with a pair of females inside dressed into nurses' outfits in some sexy way. He frowned as Nikolai got himself onto one of the beds stomach first and buried his face into his arms. Guardian heard an ahem sound from one of the females to see her gesture to him to copy Nikolai which he obeyed. He didn't protest as the female was felt massaging his back including running her hands on his arms and legs but avoiding his seat. Guardian felt himself relaxing from the female's massaging to sigh and felt himself sleepy to pass out unconscious to float above his body to find Nikolai getting up in a fast move getting thrust a towel. He frowned eyeing Nikolai who wrapped the towel around his middle to give the female a glare who went to a wall to pull out a medical device he figured involving doctoring him. Guardian kept his eyes onto himself as the female ran her scanner over himself followed by injecting him with a syringe into his seat to his annoyance and pumping the drug into him. He felt annoyance take hold as he spotted Nikolai was injected with a twin syringe into his arm via upper arm and then found the drug pumped into the male's arm. 
He frowned thinking to himself "What drug is that?"
Guardian frowned as he heard "Kniver skin is poisonous to manoids when touched including their blood causing some sickness of suffering throw up sickness of rejecting nourishment for seven suns straight if they don't get the antidote injected into them right away. The antidote must work if the blood is washed off completely via soap and water including shampooing the hair. Your Father has a slight immunity to various poisons but he must get the antidote into his system or his body won't have help fighting off the poisonous substance without putting him down into a healing sleep that can take too long to help him heal."
He frowned hearing Yerra's words as she added "You haven't inherited your Father's immunity hence you receiving the antidote in your seat area like what happens to manoids who must receive the medicine. The Navy wasn't trying to poison you on purpose. It was a mistake actually when they threw that anchor into that Kniver. The Megs didn't realize that there's Knivers living underwater that matches the ocean floor when they threw that anchor to the boat. The Megs in question are kind of careless when it comes to acknowledging gonoids living underwater. They appear to not give a care towards gonoids underwater and only giving Humans acknowledgement period."
Guardian frowned but found himself back into his body feeling a familiar feeling hitting his stomach he recognizing was stomach cramps to roll onto his side grimacing from the pain. He grimaced as he felt a hand grab his hair yanking his head up followed by opening his eyes and found Nikolai's face in view with the Source in control who placed his other hand around his neck holding it up facing him as he felt paralysis hitting him. 
He grunted as Nikolai spoke "Poison me hmm?"
Guardian felt himself able to speak spoke firmly "It's Victor not Robert that's talking. I didn't know of this poisoning-"
He was interrupted by Nikolai gagging him with a hand on his windpipe who spoke "Victor, Robert whatever name or excuse you decide to use for this poisoning me. Don't tempt me to have you tossed back into that Navy group despite I telling them to have you out now."
He gasped for air once Nikolai removed his hand off his windpipe only to gag once the male resumed gagging him this time by hand on his neck. Guardian gagged feeling Guard taking control by the familiar sense hitting him found himself able to move despite deadness hitting him forced Nikolai's hands off of him while forcing himself to sit up giving the male a glare. 
He found Nikolai waving a hand to find paralysis again hitting him which he mentally spoke "Shield."
Guardian found the shield command working whenever he felt paralysis hitting him to glare at Nikolai who cut the hand waving to feel sleepiness hitting him. He found the sleepiness persisted despite his shield command found himself passing out unconscious. 

Guardian came to feeling his arms restrained in cloth wrapped around his form around his face as he felt weightlessness while feeling something suspiciously like chains on him while floating in something. He felt annoyance take hold as he felt Guard take control to use the ability to help him free himself of the cloth restraint and chains off his form only to find himself contained in box full of water while upside down. He felt himself annoyed forced himself right side up to the open side of the box to hear applause sounds of crowd cheering noises. He grunted an annoyed sound as he found Guard quit to find a medic a male standing near the box's top to help him out of there and giving him a towel to wrap around him he finding himself clad only in a bathing suit covering his sensitive parts. Guardian got onto the platform to find Nikolai standing among the crowd as if drawn he noticed the crowd seemed to be dressed up in suits for males while different designer dresses for women. He felt annoyance take hold as he counted about thirty people with Nikolai about twenty were clapping and cheering while the male and five others had various ranges of emotions on their faces. He saw one had shock while others like Nikolai had an unreadable expression on their faces that made him think it was annoyance. Guardian didn't say a word as he was led down the platform by ladder to reach the crowd to find the females paired to males acting draping onto the male they were escorting despite a look in their eyes of sexual hunger aimed at him whenever the men arrived to him to shake hands with him and congratulate him of his stunt. Guardian didn't say a word in response accepted the congratulations with a head bob and hand shakes firmly onto the males he finding the females expecting him to kiss their palms while holding out their hands. He obeyed to the kissing and hand shaking over and over till Nikolai arrived to meet him which he found the crowd silently gathered around them both, they sensed staring intensively. 
Guardian didn't say a word as Nikolai spoke "Interesting, Robert. You care to make a career out of doing this?"
He spoke as if compelled "Only for occasions when it calls for me to do this, Father. I don't want Mother to be worrying about me after my accident of me suffering a terrible head injury."
He heard gasps as he kept on talking ignoring the noises "I was laid up in the hospital bored out of my mind with nothing to do. So I started this escape stunt as a game with the staff. It was just a game. I don't care to make a habit of making a career out of this stunt. Mother would be terribly upset if I made this a career. She told me during her lucidity that she got herself very upset enough not to eat or sleep due to some fearful feeling of worrying about something. I think she's worrying about me but won't acknowledge it."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to find Nikolai speaking "Alright I have to agree with your Mother on her worrying attitude. I was very worried when you didn't show up for the party and made me think something bad had happened to you."
He again heard gasps as Nikolai continued talking "I was shocked when you were revealed to be in that water tank. You had me a worried wreck. Don't pull this death defying stunt again no matter what people beg you to do it period. I refused to have my son go home in a pine box no matter how much bragging he does on getting out of death traps. Don't play this stunt again my son or I'll disown you."
Guardian spoke firmly recalling Robert's way of oath to Nikolai "You have my oath, Father."
He got Nikolai speaking in response "Get yourself out to the car now!"
He didn't comment a response felt the Meritanians manipulating him to walk in directions through the house he figured he was in to outside making a beeline to a limo despite other limos parked nearby it while underneath the moonlight shining overhead. 
He found himself manipulated to get inside a limo followed by Nikolai to snarl "Father-"
Guardian was interrupted by Nikolai gagging him on the windpipe and putting a finger to his lips in a gesture of quiet which he obeyed keeping his mouth shut into a thin line. He kept his mouth into a thin line as he found the partition between the driver and seat going up followed by Nikolai holding up a device in his hand giving off a loud beeping noise. He frowned as Nikolai spoke after releasing his windpipe "Listening devices in cars including eavesdropping devices to hear talk for recording purposes. Didn't you recall that hmm?"
Guardian spoke firmly "Are you really serious on forbidden me from playing this death defying stunt? I hope you were-"
He got interrupted by Nikolai again gagging him by hand on his windpipe who snarled "Poison me hmm?"
He gulped in response as Nikolai freed his windpipe the male still speaking "I don't care to be poisoned whether it's on purpose or by accident by you. Don't ever poison me again. I'll see you punished period. That stunt of you doing death defying was a test on you able to get out of trapped statuses."
Guardian again gulped as Nikolai snarled "You seemed to have an ability to get out of trapped situations which doesn't matter if it's me having you trapped by hand or Source's abilities. The cops noticed this ability by you getting out of handcuffs and brought that matter to me. I had to test you hence you doing that death defying stunt in question. And yes I was serious on wanting you forbidden from doing any further stunts like it or anything that involves a trapped status. You're to use your ability only if you need to use it."
He exhaled a breath as Nikolai cut the beeping noises and added "Don't try anything when it comes to doing anything like that stunt for publicity's purposes. You had me very worried about you to consider calling the police of fears of something bad happened to you. Don't you dare get me worried again, Robert. Your Mother unfortunately got very worried from sensing you in distress from your accident and refused to take in nourishment to the point that she was forced fed via tube to keep her alive. I refused to have you cause her any further distress despite she seemingly knowing whenever you're in trouble. It's a no wonder she's suffering from being worried about you too much. So keep yourself alive and out of those stunts you hear?"
Guardian spoke firmly "Yes Father once I see her and see how's she's doing is when I'll quit that stunts' behavior."
He felt himself annoyed with what he blurt to form a frown on his face seeing Nikolai form his familiar Source look which he heard nothing from the male instead found him picking up a phone from a seat between them and dialing a number via button. He frowned as a projector image flashed between the seats showing Lynn seated in a seat reading a book and looking like she was calmly reading to him. 
He frowned as Nikolai willed aside the Source and spoke "Anything else Robert?"
Guardian felt himself compelled to speak spoke "You got clothes for me to wear? I wasn't given anything but a towel for getting out of the water tank trap."
He felt himself shocked with what he spoke frowned while eyeing Nikolai chuckled in response and spoke "How vain you are being my son."
Guardian didn't say a word shifted to look out the window in response to find the limo traveling among houses and manicured lawns. He frowned as the driver kept on driving lengthy till the limo reached the familiar city buildings of Elizabethtown to arrive to Nikolai's building to park in front of the entrance at the curb. Guardian didn't comment a response followed Nikolai out of the limo barefoot to find the male yanking the towel from him and tossing it into the vehicle and slamming the door followed by it driving away. He found his spying sense activated to find Nikolai ignoring the spy to walk into the building's entrance with him following while clad only in his bathing suit he feel water dripping from his form. He ignored the spying to follow Nikolai into the lobby finding the clerk giving him a glare of accusation in his eyes ignored by the male as they went to an elevator. Guardian found Nikolai got them into the elevator to his home by using his hand print to get inside the thing. He didn't say a word as Nikolai was sensed using his familiar Source abilities to get the elevator moving going up seemingly lengthy followed by finding Jones standing in the hallway giving out a loud Tsk sound loudly. 
Nikolai he glared at spoke "Jones, see Robert as I call him to where he can be properly attired now. Also see that he cleans this mess he's making onto my floor while you're at it too."
He grunted an annoyed sound as Nikolai thrust Jones his jacket followed by the butler gripping it and saw the male walking away out of sight as he heard another Tsk sound. 
He glared at the butler who spoke "Come with me now sir."
Guardian obeyed to find the butler dumping the jacket into a garbage shoot to his confusion in the wall followed by leading him to the familiar bathroom which he went inside and attended to his hygiene. 

Guardian came out of the bathroom dressed in a pair of shorts with a white bathrobe over it covering it and a pair of slippers on his feet he figuring out "It must be sleeping mode time for Nikolai and I."
He rubbed his chin where he felt was smooth and bare of facial hair he finding nothing to indicate anything of shaving while in the bathroom but got instructions on doing waxing to the area including other body parts via TV monitors. He felt himself annoyed on having hairy body parts including the same via his sensitive part area he finding was still sore from him doing waxing as it was called onto the area. Guardian heard a loud Tsk sound to find Jones standing next to him in the hallway he not sure of how the butler appeared without him noticing him. 
He spoke "So where am I to sleep Sir?"
He got Jones doing a double take look followed by the butler speaking "Actually your own room whenever you stay here. Don't you know where it is, Sir? I'm just to make sure that you're in bed at a reasonable hour as ordered by Master Nikolai. He's sick and tired of hearing you blasting the TV at an ear shattering drum volume enough to keep him up for hours. So go to bed now Sir."
Guardian groaned and recalled the way to Robert's room recalled it led to the TV room where Robert would snooze on the couch sometimes nodding off the TV on blaring loudly ignoring the noises and ignoring that he should be sleeping in his own room.
He mentally thought "Blast how do I get to my room for sleeping anyway? I don't care to have the TV on tonight."
He got a compulsion to walk which he obeyed finding him taking a route away from the TV room's route to find him entering a doorway slamming the door with a bang sound. He found himself able to see via night vision blaring in his eyesight to find himself in an obvious teenage boy's bedroom complete with objects for a teenager to be obsessed with. 
He felt himself annoyed to think "I think I'll clean out this mess once I get a hold of the butler."
Guardian got in response "Don't you dare clean out that mess you call it in that room. All this stuff belongs to your Father when he was your age he was hoping to pass down onto you in question."
He spoke mentally in response to Tut's voice blaring in his mind "Why are you acting like I'm someone else when I'm not?"
Guardian got from Tut in response "Megs playing a joke again aren't they hmm?"
He stiffened from Tut's words sounding like the Meritanian was trying to tell him something by the edge in the male's voice tone. 
He spoke firmly "The Megs are tuned to what you and Yerra say no matter the location they are and have been blabby on what you two have been up too. Hence the Mahalia's navy using you both for transportation methods."
Guardian got from Tut in response "Yep. Told to shut up so goodnight sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite."
He groaned and went to the bed to take off his bathrobe and got into it pulling up the blanket up to his chest and shut his eyes feeling himself too wired to sleep. He stared at the ceiling seemingly lengthy till he felt pressure of a cat getting onto his front and didn't protest to the cat's purring vibrations was felt on his chest that lulled him to sleep which he passed out unconscious.

Guardian came to sensing someone was staring at him while feeling the sunlight blaring into the room from an open window. He opened his eyes to find the staring was from Nikolai standing in his room clad in his familiar suit minus the jacket and drinking from a glass cup full of brown liquid in a sipping method with the Source in control. 
Guardian found the cat gone from his front and not on his bed as he sat up while staring at Nikolai to speak "I couldn't sleep till your cat got onto my front and purred lulling me to sleep. I woke up sensing you staring at me. I admit it I had a sense involving being stared at or recorded which doesn't matter the device from my original body. It appears I still have that sense because I felt it go off after we both arrived to your residence building's entrance."
He clamped his mouth shut as Nikolai in response continued to sip his drink in a lengthy method he figured to himself "He's just drinking and not paying attention to me. Hmph."
Guardian heard nothing from the Meritanians to get from Nikolai after he sipped his drink entirely "Interesting that you woke up from me staring at you. Robert hardly wakes up from being stared at even if he's in this bedroom in question. He only sleeps in the TV room with the sound on a loud volume whenever he takes residence in here. He always wakes up whenever the TV is off blaring its ridiculous noises and acts like a lunatic like he's hearing things only he can hear."
"Would those lunacy things involve hearing the Meritanians with some sense cued to them and no off switch on their blaring?" Guardian spoke "Hence he having the TV on blaring just to drown their talk out of his mind."
He frowned eyeing Nikolai who crunched the glass cup in response finding it crumble into pieces in Nikolai's hand which he got up as if compelled to go towards the male putting a hand onto the male's shoulder in a tight grip. 
Guardian found himself compelled to speak spoke "I can't hear the Meritanians blaring anymore. All I can hear is my own thoughts, Father. I'm fine now don't worry about me."
He frowned feeling himself annoyed at the Meritanians for having him compelled to do this speaking in his odd voice tone that was his original body's voice and not his voice he was using now. He eyed Nikolai who willed aside the Source to show his hand not bloody red as expected from crunching the glass cup. He found the glass wasn't really sharp jagged glass but in pieces with round edges as Nikolai wiped the glass's pieces away followed by the male putting a hand onto his shoulder and appearing to look relieved to him by the facial appearance. Guardian didn't say a word in response as Nikolai burst into tears followed by the male clutching him into a tight hug while feeling them both sinking to the floor which he obeyed to the feeling. He gently hugged Nikolai in response to find the male crying tears while feeling him burying his face onto his shoulder. He sighed softly from Nikolai's face burying and wet tears felt to keep his arms' holds around Nikolai. Guardian kept his arms' holds around Nikolai who cried seemingly lengthy before becoming quiet and sniffing loudly. He heard a meow sounding in an excited tone to feel paws on his shoulder along with a cat's head rubbing his ear. He sighed and didn't protest as Nikolai quit his sniffing and released him as he did the same to find the cat getting onto Nikolai's shoulder and doing the familiar face rubbing method onto the male's ear. Guardian frowned while staring at Nikolai who got up with the cat still clinging to his shoulder which he followed suit to stand.
He found Nikolai speaking "Cat's a female named Nancy for being nosy all the time. She's always getting her nose into things around here including into what I'm doing even with you or visitors to my residence. Hence she named Nancy."
Guardian sighed softly and spoke "Nancy nice to meet you."
He frowned as Nancy ignored him to get herself wrapped around the back of Nikolai's neck and appearing to look content to him. 
Guardian frowned as Nikolai spoke "I'll see that you'll receive something to wear. Excuse me."
He eyed Nikolai who left the bedroom slamming the door with a loud bang sound making him grimace fully on his face and forming a glare in response. 
He mentally spoke "Blast he's still upset."
Guardian heard in response "Cut the crap that your blaring at me smarty. Don't be upset with the way your progeny developed this talent. No wonder your progeny keeping you up for hours with that infernal noise. Tsk, tsk as you Egyptians say."
He exhaled a breath hearing Tut's words sounding firm despite seemingly sarcastic in its tone to hear nothing more from the Meritanian. Guardian left the bedroom walking out to find Nikolai in the hallway holding Nancy in his arms while hearing a loud Tsk sound appearing to be Jones' voice. He sighed and looked at Jones who thrust him a wrapped bag he took without a word and went into the bedroom shutting the door in a gentle slam sound. Guardian found Nikolai followed him into the room by hearing the door manipulation sounds and found the male with him minus the cat. He riffled through the bag to find it contained his familiar jeans and blue top including white sneakers and socks and underwear. 
He ignored Nikolai to strip himself of the pajama shorts to put on the clothes from the bag followed by speaking once fully dressed "You do got something I can do for my hair?"
Guardian frowned finding Nikolai walking out with him following to find the male bellowing "Jones!"
He found Jones next to Nikolai speaking an ahem sound which he got from the male speaking "Jones, see Robert to the hygiene room to attend to the mess of his hair now."
Guardian frowned finding Jones walking away which he followed in response to find the butler leading to the familiar hygiene room. 
Once inside he found Jones speaking "Your hair is your style of way you wish to style it, Sir. I'm just to help you make sure its cut appropriately the way you want."
Guardian eyed himself in the mirror finding his hair was in ragged with jagged edges in a messy shoulder length style.
He spoke "Just cut my hair to have a neat length. I want to keep the length but I don't like the edging of it looking like that."
He got Jones doing a double take look while giving off a Tsk sound which he glared at the butler via the mirror with a narrowed eyed look.
Jones spoke "There's a law ordinance involving Megiddo's male natives to have their hair cut short. Their not permitted to have their long hair length unless their wearing the proper uniform for that. You aren't wearing the proper uniform for that hair length in question so your hair will have to be shaved off entirely."
He spoke in response "Then what's the proper uniform for me to keep my long hair? Is that twin to my Father's clothes in question?"
He glared at the butler who gave off a Tsk sound and Jones spoke in response "Your Father was said to be given an exception by the Duke to have his hair long as said to mark him for something but has refused to further explain what that mark is. Unfortunately you don't have that exception favor from the Duke so your hair will have to be shaved off. The uniform for having your long hair is only reserved for the ruler of Megiddo in question such as the Duke and male members' of his family to mark themselves publicity. So sit now."
Guardian obeyed to sit in a stool feeling himself annoyed with the butler's words as Jones got out a pair of scissors and an electric razor. He stewed as Jones snipped and razor at his hair's lengths leaving the back end mostly short reaching the top of his head baring his scar line to his annoyance. He felt annoyed at the butler who again snipped his hair around his face including shaving part of it to leave a fuzzy top on top of his head he recognized was military styled. 
He felt annoyed glared at Jones to speak "Don't tell me this ridiculous hairstyle is what's the rulers of Megiddo said males can have."
Guardian glared at Jones who in response shaved off the rest of his hair leaving him bald to his annoyance followed by the butler speaking "Any ridiculous questions Sir?"
He spoke firmly "Is hats allowed for males to wear while out in public?"
He got the butler speaking his familiar Tsk sound followed by Jones speaking "Hats are reserved for members of the military only, whenever their in uniform traveling around Megiddo. Hats are must for them to wear with their uniform period. Hats aren't allowed for other people to wear unless their in military uniform then they can wear them. Any other ridiculous questions?"
Guardian spoke "Did the Duke invent this rule involving hair lengths and hats worn with uniforms for military?"
He got Jones rolling his eyes in response as he glared at the butler who spoke once focused onto him "The rules are part of the society involving the Megs themselves who lived in Megiddo isolated living primitive off land before we Egyptians came and civilized them. It was a Duchess not a Duke back then that came out issuing that all Egyptians living in Megiddo had to follow Megs' society rules period. The islands actually belonged to the Megs before we Egyptians took control and civilized them. Hence we following their society rules and customs. That despite them more interested in living on warships belonging to Mahalia's Navy group than living anywhere else on Megiddo at the moment."
Guardian frowned and didn't say a word in response to stand up only to hear a Tsk sound from Jones to glare at the butler who held up an odd brush and spoke "I have to brush the hair away from your clothes. Excuse me."
He sat down and eyed the mirror finding the butler brushing the brush over his clothes and then got him to stand up followed by brushing him all over before declaring "You're done so you may go meet your Father for breakfast."
Guardian obeyed to find the Meritanians via senses cued manipulating him to an eating room he found was a small dining room where Nikolai was seated reading a computer pad while using a fork to eat bites of food that made his mouth water and stomach rumble in response. He sighed and went to join Nikolai to sit down opposite from the male. He found Nikolai yanking away his plate and giving him a Source glare in response while giving off an ahem sound. Guardian recalled Robert's reaction to Nikolai's plate taking was to beg while having knees on the floor for nourishment to the point of practically licking the floor by Nikolai making that finger gesture towards him.
He leaned back and spoke firmly "Why do I have to lick the floor as usual?"
He glared at Nikolai who made that familiar finger gesture involving floor licking by making a walking movement with two fingers and holding his plate out of reach. 
Guardian recalled Robert's attempt to reach for Nikolai's plate resulted in Nikolai dropping everything on his son's plate onto the floor and ordering Robert "You're to eat the food off the floor for that now."
He didn't say a word in response got up from the seat to kneel and with a glare aimed at Nikolai forced himself to lick the floor with his tongue that felt cold and hard and made him think it was tasting of cleaner to him. 
Guardian glared at Nikolai once done giving the floor several licks to find the male putting his plate back onto the table and speaking "So eat now." 
He obeyed to sit at the table eating the food and drink in a slow move despite feeling himself terribly hungry. He forced himself to take his time eating the food despite noticing that there wasn't anything involving drinking to him to his confusion on the table. Guardian kept his thought of the drink to himself till Nikolai got up from the table he paused from eating to find the male pulling out cups from a cupboard and then pulled out a jug of brown liquid to pour. He frowned as Nikolai put the jug back into the refrigerator he assumed it was that thing followed by carrying the cups to the table and setting them down. 
Guardian thought to himself as he ate the food "Nikolai and Robert's relationship is very weird. I wouldn't make my own son lick the kitchen floor or any floor in order to get nourishment to eat."
He reached for the cup only to get Nikolai grabbing it out of reach and making his familiar finger gesture making him annoyed to think "This relationship is pure lunacy."
Guardian kneeled in response and licked the floor several licks before finding Nikolai putting the cup down onto the table and speaking "So drink now."
He obeyed to sit down and forced himself to sip his drink he found to the taste reminded him of alcoholic beer to him making him think "What's with this beer drink to drink for breakfast?"
Guardian heard nothing in answer to his question continued on eating his food he discovered it involved from the taste was plants and fruits chopped up mixed together to form a salad on a plate he forced himself to eat as much as he could. 
He sipped the beer he figured "I'll refer it as beer."
Guardian sipped the beer entirely then leaned back once done with arms folded staring at Nikolai who ignored him while staring at his computer pad in his hand. 
He frowned as Nikolai gave him a Source look followed by the male speaking in his creepy voice tone "You're old enough to leave whenever you want, Robert. So quit staring at me like you want something your desperate for it. The answer is no I'm not getting it. Get that item yourself."
Guardian got Nikolai making his familiar lick the floor gesture again which he spoke "Excuse me while I go leave."
He got up only to feel paralysis hitting his feet to glare at Nikolai who again made his familiar gesture he recalled "Robert always licked the floor on his Father's orders on whenever he wanted to leave the residence. Blast Nikolai on doing this joke to Robert. I need someone to explain this ridiculous Father/son relationship to me. It's pure lunacy anyway."
He kneeled and without a word licked the floor several licks only to get Nikolai speaking "Jones!"
Guardian cut his licking to glare at Nikolai as Jones arrived into view giving off a Tsk sound heard from the butler. 
He glared at Jones as Nikolai spoke "See my son to where he's to go now."
Jones he glared at in response spoke towards him "Come with me Sir."
Guardian obeyed to follow Jones to the familiar elevator to find the butler refused to talk to him despite he giving off ahem sounds. He found Jones leading him to large room with an empty pool reeking of a stinky smell making him grimace smelling. 
He glared at Jones who spoke "Your equipment for cleaning that mess in the pool is on the bench Sir. Good day."
Guardian found Jones disappearing from view to go to the bench to find a hazardous waste jumpsuit and bucket of water including an object that made him think was a toothbrush sitting next to them. 
He gave up a disgusted sound to think to himself "Nikolai and his son's relationship is pure lunacy. It's ridiculous that I'm paying for Robert's mistakes to fix up for him. This floor licking better be the only lunatic thing Nikolai makes Robert do. Ugh."
He got himself into the hazardous waste suit and shoes including gloves and mask then carried the bucket to the pool to find it stank so bad it made his eyes water. He groaned to find the source of the stink was a black stain on the pool's floor on the deep end with a drain cover nearby. He gave up a disgusted sound and got to work cleaning up the stain with the bucket and toothbrush to scrub the mess he finding it easily coming up via scrubbing. Guardian once done cleaning the pool went to the ladder only to find the thing gone from there. He sighed and looked up to find Nikolai standing next to the pool's edge peering at him from above. 
Guardian groaned as Nikolai spoke "You missed a spot."
He found Nikolai's comment repeated three times after each scrubbing onto the former stain's area to get him yelling "Where's the spot?!"
He glared at Nikolai who got the ladder back into the pool in response which he climbed up carrying the bucket and toothbrush in one hand and reached the male who appeared to be sniffing him fully. Guardian ignored Nikolai's sniffing behavior to go to the bench putting the bucket back onto it stained of blackness including the toothbrush followed by stripping himself of the jumpsuit which he dumped onto the bench. 
He glared at Nikolai in response who quit the sniffing and got the male speaking "Come with me now."
Guardian obeyed to find Nikolai leading him to the locker room and got ordered "Take your clothes off and shower. You reek."
He obeyed to do Nikolai's order leaving his clothes folded neatly on the floor along with his shoes lying on top of it and showered thoroughly washing himself as well as he could. Guardian didn't say a word as Nikolai got him into the massage room he assumed it was for and got himself put asleep by the female nurse massaging his sore muscles. He woke up once he smelled food to find the nurses gone from the room but Nikolai holding a plate and making his familiar finger gesture again with a free hand. Guardian glared at Nikolai in response and without a word forced himself to lick the floor he discovered was warm and dry to his tongue. He didn't say a word as Nikolai got him to sit down on the massage table and handed him the plate. He found sandwiches on the plate forced himself to take his time eating his food. Guardian didn't comment a response as Nikolai got him to do the familiar licking the floor behavior for a drink he discovered was still beer via glass cup making him annoyed to drink it. He sipped the drink fully only to hear a Tsk sound to find Jones in the room that thrust him a familiar bag he took without a word to find his familiar clothes and shoes inside. 
Guardian handed Jones the cup and put on the clothes and shoes he figured from the feel "Must be the exact clothes I was given from the hygiene room that Nikolai is balking on letting me wear anything new. Hmph hence they repeatedly gone through being cleaned. Ugh."
He stood up with arms folded to get Nikolai speaking "Lick the floor now, Robert."
Guardian formed a glare aimed at Nikolai who again spoke "The only way out of this room is via me using my Source abilities so lick the floor now, Robert."
He obeyed with disgust running through him to get Nikolai willing forwards the Source and speaking "Door open now."
Guardian heard a click sound of electronic to find Nikolai added "Jones, see Robert to where he's to go now."
He found Jones giving him a glare which he didn't say a word followed the butler out of the room and out of the locker room back to the familiar elevator to find it going up instead of going down to his confusion. 
He felt annoyance take hold as Jones got the elevator to the residence and ordered "Sir, get out now."
Guardian spoke as if compelled "Nikolai has a funny way of showing that he's fond of me. His funny way involves me licking the floor something I hate doing."
He glared at Jones feeling himself annoyed with what he said as the butler spoke "Out of the elevator now Sir."
Guardian obeyed to walk out to hear the elevator's doors shut behind him to snarl loudly "I wouldn't even make my own son lick the floor like Nikolai is doing towards me. This is behavior of a lunatic actually."
He gave up an Hmph sound and went to the TV room as if needing to do something he figured to himself "I'm trapped here as long as Nikolai does this lunacy behavior towards me with that mood of his."
He went to the TV room and recalled the remote control. Guardian found the remote control on the table to turn on the TV only to grimace from the loud volume which he lowered it to his ears to hear without pain. He sighed and forced himself to watch the TV's program some apparent tabloid show about the Holyoke Wood society's members an actual group of actors and actresses. He felt himself bored with the program blaring same old news till they mentioned the name of Robert O'Neil to get him focused onto the TV. Guardian found a recording of himself contained in his familiar water trap and getting out along with what happened next on meeting the crowd. He found a camera recording manipulated from a female between the breasts to place onto Nikolai's shoulder followed by seeing himself and Nikolai entering the limo and what happened next was him speaking Father. He saw the camera recording get cut off followed by resuming its broadcast of what Nikolai said to him in the limo with him speaking his words. He found the camera's recording cut off as if shut off followed by back to the tabloid's program's hosts he again getting bored of the program. Guardian found himself bored to stiffen with shock running through him that the program was a recording looping over and over he spotted someone dropping something only to get the object back into their hand over and over. Guardian felt himself annoyed shut off the TV via remote and got up feeling himself itching to exercise. He moved the couch's table to make room and began doing his familiar Mahalia's taught karate finding himself a klutz with the kicking movements despite finding himself limber enough to kick fully. He kept the karate up till a clapping noise startled him which he looked to find the Guardian of Life and Death standing in the doorway giving him an all white eyed glare. 
Guardian spoke "Don't tell me that I can't do karate I learned taught in Mahalia."
He frowned to get from the Guardian of Life and Death "What did I say about trying to get your Mahalian life back hmm?"
He spoke "Alright I get the message."
Guardian found his face wet of water unexpectedly to find that he was lying on the couch with water sprinkled onto his face waking him up. 
He jerked open his eyes to discover Nikolai holding a cup of water that spoke "About time you woke up, Robert."
Guardian got up in response to get thrust a towel by Jones which he wiped his face followed by handing the butler the cloth. He glared at Nikolai with annoyance running through him as the male made his familiar finger gesture to eye the floor finding it was wooden to him. 
He heard a Tsk sound as he went to lick the floor only to hear "That's not appropriate for your son to do to the floor Master."
Guardian halted to glare at Nikolai to find the male willing forwards his Source ability and speaking while addressing Jones "Jones, I received recordings of Robert disciplined to lick the floor whenever he was in the Navy's warship he balking on doing any other disciplinary behaviors as punishment for being disobedient. He has always managed to pull his Source abilities onto the commanding officer to avoid doing the disciplinary behavior of cleaning he getting out of doing it by having them order someone else to do it. The commanding officer McCall as a last resort ordered Robert to lick the floor literally before getting anything he wanted around the warship including ship leave. Robert has always obeyed to the floor licking order which I'm pulling onto him for disciplinary action. Don't question me and my methods regarding my son again." 
He got from Jones "That's not why I'm here telling you this Master."
He found Nikolai in response displaying the Source and waving a hand towards him he found himself falling asleep found his shield command refused to work. He found himself lying onto the floor to find himself above his body to stare at Nikolai and then at Jones.
Jones spoke he hearing "They have succeeded in restarting brain function into Robert's mind organ Master."
Guardian groaned softly to get from Nikolai "Arrange for the brain exchange now Jones."
He frowned to eye Jones who spoke "One problem Master is that they haven't fixed up his spinal cord. He may be paralysis-"
Nikolai he heard interrupted "Just arrange for the exchange now! I don't give a care if they fixed his spinal cord or not! Just as long as they fixed up the brain then he's fine!"
He got from Jones in response "Certainly. The medical personal are currently waiting in the lobby at the moment. You frown on medical personal entering your home Master."
Guardian groaned again as Nikolai walked towards his body to pick him up and he found blackness arriving followed by pain all over his body he groaning loudly in some pained voice tone. 
He found himself clad in bandages all over his body from the feel of them including on his face while feeling some kind of pressure on his left hand he figured "Someone is holding it."
Guardian shook his head only to get pressure onto his chin and a voice speaking "Don't shake your head. You'll make the healers worse off on you."
He frowned for the voice reminded him of the Duke to open his eyes finding the male seated next to the bed he was lying on while holding his hand. He frowned quitting his groaning and head shaking to find the Duke giving him a look that reminded him of awe to him via his eyes despite trying not to display it on his face. 
Guardian eyed the Duke as the male spoke again "So tell me what's your name do you remember hmm?"
He found his throat dry and found himself able to move his right arm to put it onto his throat gesturing a drinking gesture. He found the Duke handing him a cup with a straw after releasing his hand and helping him get the straw to his mouth to suck the liquid he found was water. 
Guardian sucked as much liquid as he could followed by spitting out the straw and then spoke "Which name do you want? I went by multiple names while living elsewhere than on Megiddo."
He got from the Duke "I know you lived on Mahalia being raised from there. So tell me what names did you went by while you lived as a Mahalian native?"
He sighed and spoke after inhaling air "Guard Beers with nickname Guardian."
Guardian got cough sound from the Duke as he added "Is it true that the name of Guard Beers is a Megiddo drink? I keep getting that joke."
He glared at the Duke who spoke in response "Excuse me. You're right on the name being a drink. Except it's a Meg's slang talk name for a drink and not the actual name."
Guardian spoke "Hmph."
He frowned as the Duke added "Kindly tell me what other names were you known as?"
He spoke in response "Victor from my father and family then later Yevgeny Alexander Visser when I was picked to be crowned as King of Mahalia."
He clamped his mouth shut seeing black eyes from the Duke to notice his hair was long length like Nikolai's as he eyed the male who spoke after willing aside his Source's look "Alright I'll tell you the truth Victor as I'll refer you. Mahalia is currently being ruled by a Queen Svetlana at the moment."
He groaned an ugh sound loudly as the Duke continued talking ignoring his outburst "The Queen has managed to propagandize Mahalia underneath control of a male King despite refusing to show him and insisting that she's the one who's ruling the natives. She has claimed that the male shown as King on recording broadcasted to the other nations and not within Mahalia as a hired actor to propagandize the nation is currently being ruled by a male King. She currently has to the other nations' Ambassadors visiting refused to produce this male as the King while emphasizing that she currently rules the Mahalia nation at the moment."
Guardian got the Duke giving him a Source look with eyes narrowed which he spoke firmly "Sorry I can't help you in that matter. My memories have been mixed up with the memories of the body my mind organ was in. I'm very confused to what's realistic and what's that body's memories actually."
He stiffened as the Duke spoke using a familiar creepy voice tone "Meritanians make Victor remember now."
Guardian stiffened as he got a bad headache to grunt shutting his eyes recalling fully memories spilling into his mind he saw was of his own memories. He kept on remembering his father Nikolas meeting an actress at a publicity party having large breasts that looked like implants and giving the name of Victoria Lynn then slipping the male a hotel key card. He continued to remember Nikolas going to the hotel after an argument with his wife Svetlana on wanting to have her carry more children for him and she refusing to do it which he threw divorce into her face. Guardian recalled Svetlana upset with the fact that she won't be able to rule Mahalia if Nikolas divorced her. He recalled what happened next resulted in Olivia's creation. He recalled fully of his father going to the hotel and mating with the actress that created him to existence. Guardian continued to recall his life as Guard Beers before becoming known as Victor by the Queen and found his life as that ended by a helicopter explosion but he mysteriously survived to face the Duke. He felt himself confused to eye the Duke while speaking his memories fully then ended with the helicopter explosion.
Guardian added "How did I survive the helicopter explosion anyway?"
He got from the Duke in response speaking "Just sleep now. You need your rest, Victor."
Guardian frowned to find the Duke waving a hand towards him and he felt sleepiness hitting him passed out unconscious to come to feeling the bandages wrapped around his form were gone from him but a hand still holding his left hand. He jerked open his eyes to find the Duke seated next to his bed he noticed that they both was in a hospital room from the looks of it. Guardian frowned while raising a free hand towards his face to eye it with his eyes. 
He found the Duke grabbing his hand and forcing it down while speaking "You should be resting Victor."
Guardian frowned but felt sleepiness shut his eyes to pass out unconscious to come to discovering himself contained in the familiar tubal with an oxygen mask covering his mouth again. He felt annoyance take hold as he heard the familiar voice speaking their familiar line followed by sleepiness hitting him as he found himself passing out unconscious. 

Guardian came to finding himself still contained in a tube with his familiar oxygen mask covering his mouth. 
He heard the familiar voice speaking their familiar line making him yell despite muffled talk "What's going on?!"
Guardian felt sleepiness hitting him in response came to finding himself lying on a bed wearing a hospital gown on his form while chained. He felt annoyance take hold to open his eyes to look around the room discovering it appeared to be a medical bay involving a Mahalia's warship to him. He looked around feeling himself confused to find Megs getting into view giving off soft groaning noises while appearing to be pawing him on the arms and looking upset to him. 
He stiffened when he heard from them "Alright? Alright?"
Guardian found the word repeated to open his mouth speaking "Alright."
He felt himself annoyed with what he spoken as the Megs got him freed from the chains he noticing his skin was scaly and green colored to hear from them "Alright we Megs want to do this."
Guardian frowned as the Megs in response opened their mouths showing fangs and began biting him all over the bare skin he finding pain and grunting loudly from it as if compelled to find himself passing out unconscious.

Guardian came to once again the tube with the oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose. 
He spoke loudly despite muffled talk "What's going on?!"
Guardian heard in response "Go to sleep!"
He stiffened hearing the familiar voice to yell "Why are you having me asleep instead of being awake?!"
He got from the voice in response "Sleep!"
Guardian felt sleepiness hitting him mentally spoke "Shield."
He found the shield command refused to work as the sleepiness persisted followed by passing out unconscious to come once again in the tube with the familiar oxygen mask still covering his mouth and nose. 
Guardian again heard the familiar voice's sleep command to yell loudly "Give me one good reason why I should be sleeping! I don't want to sleep any more!"
He formed a glare with his eyes narrowed to hear "You should sleep and quit asking ridiculous questions."
He stiffened for the voice reminded him of Eli's but didn't seem to be like that machine to him.
He spoke in response "What's so special about containing me into this tube for me to sleep?"
He formed a glare with his eyes to get from the voice in response "Just sleep! You need it to heal! You're sick with a medical ailment that sleeping it off will heal you! So sleep now!"
Guardian found himself passing out unconscious to dream of the Queen of Mahalia getting into a car vehicle while having a smirk on her face.
He hearing from her "Mahalia is mine forever."
He frowned as he eyed the vehicle warily to find it exploding in fireball making him stiffened. Guardian continued to dream of the former Queen he recalled was actually named Svetlana brought out of the car explosion her body just burnt bones and then dumped into the ocean which gonoids ate the bones. 
He kept on dreaming of Daisuke taking the King's crown with Olivia as Queen speaking "Olga I'm ordering you to raise Nicky as he's referred as.'
Guardian found Olga not protesting to Daisuke's order while in the King's office instead took Nicky and walked out of the room. He eyed Olivia standing silently in the room rub a hand over an area on her body he figured that she was pregnant again. He didn't say a word as he came to finding himself back into the tube hearing Eli's voice order him to sleep again which he passed out unconscious.

Guardian came to hearing sinister laughter including a voice of a Compeller sounding Eli's voice tone to him. It made him confused as he again fell unconscious while contained in the tube. He came to feeling himself lying on a bed cold all over and shivering. He frowned as he clung to the blanket trying to warm himself up. Guardian frowned as images filled into his mind. He saw an underwater vessel a submarine as called going through the ocean with the maelstrom waves above it in an angry manner. He saw an object a round cylinder with a fire at the end that burned everything he seeing it hit the submarine via one end. He saw an explosion hit the submarine followed by it appearing to be sinking further down into the ocean. Guardian frowned seeing the submarine hit an underwater cliff and remained lying on it still without movement. He continued to see as if compelled to find a boat drifting in calm seas he focused onto its bottom to see if open into two parts and made a sucking movement into the ocean's water. Guardian continued to watch as the submarine was sucked up from the cliff into the boat's bottom like something attracting it. He frowned as the ship moved into the ocean still carrying the submarine till it reached the underwater kingdom of the Knivers to drop the submarine onto the area stirring up the gonoids. Guardian felt confusion hitting him as he saw the Knivers cover the submarine followed by the boat going away out of sight. He again got the familiar sinister laughter to his confusion. 
Guardian spoke in response "What's going on?"
He heard in response "Nothing just sleep."
Guardian frowned for the voice sounded of Eli's to him but had a sinister laughter like tone to him. It made him confused for a lengthy time period till he focused onto the Knivers as if drawn in his mind. He saw Megs diving from a boat appearing to be a warship and swimming underwater towards the submarine that was covered by Knivers. He found the Megs had no problems getting the Knivers to remove themselves off the submarine by poking them with their clawed hands. He continued to see as the Megs entered the submarine via entrance on its side appearing to be the area where the cylinder's object burst a hole in. He frowned as he saw an eyesight view of a male contained in a tube he saw with shock was himself he confused to see. Guardian frowned as he saw Megs get himself out of the tube by punching the tube's walls that let in water and took him out. He saw himself appear to look thinly muscular with veins seen in red lines all over his form. Guardian heard nothing from the sinister laughter in response found the Megs hauling himself out and getting him to the warship where he was hoist onto it via ropes tied around him. Guardian frowned as he felt himself warm abruptly from the blanket sighed softly. He heard breathing sounds that sounded raspy to him and seemed like someone was having trouble breathing to him. He kept hearing the breather coming closer and closer to him which he jerked open his eyes to find himself lying on his back and looked off his left as if drawn. He found the breather was a skeleton in a fire burned color to him. He frowned as the skeleton stared at him with Egyptian black eyes while still rasping its breathing. 
Guardian eyed the skeleton warily to find himself speaking "Mother, Your Majesty."
He held up a hand that was showing red lines of veins popping towards the skeleton he finding it backed up and darted out of sight. He heard the familiar sinister laughter sound again to focused onto the sound for it reminded him of a Compeller's voice speaking compelling commands to him. He felt annoyance take hold as he found darkness surrounding his eyesight to blink his eyes once light shined in them. Guardian looked as if drawn to find himself standing on a cliff with a lighted lighthouse lighting up the darkness surrounding him. He found ocean waves hitting the grounded area where he was. Guardian frowned as he felt a hand touching his shoulder off his right. He looked to find the Queen of Mahalia Svetlana he assumed was her name floating next to him. He found her having wings of a bat with body covered in a red robe while wearing a bottle like crown on her head and having no hair seen from the area. Guardian frowned as Svetlana faded from view followed by a hand grabbing his left shoulder he looked to find her again there while waving a finger in his direction. He didn't say a word as Svetlana forced his eyes shut and he came to feeling his chest going up and down as if someone was pressing onto it. 
He heard voices speaking "He's coming through! We got a pulse! We got him!"
Guardian frowned hearing the voices sounded excited but worried to him as he opened his mouth and sucked in air into his body. He kept on breathing in the air as he felt the pressure on his chest ceased followed by a hand holding onto his left hand in a tight grip he felt was feminine and seemed familiar to him. Guardian again heard the familiar sinister laughter again found himself again contained in his tube while wearing his oxygen mask on he hearing voices.
He heard "Eli, its time for him to come out now!"
Guardian heard in response "You will forget ordering me to get this patient out of the tube now."
He stiffened from the Compeller's voice tone that sounded of Eli's to him followed by again the sinister laughter making him annoyed. He found himself seated in a bar as if blinking his eyes while sipping a drink that appeared to be alcoholic to him. 
Guardian frowned thinking to himself "What's going on?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question only to feel a hand clamp down onto the cup he was holding to find the owner belonged to a female appearing to look familiar to him he didn't recognize. He frowned eyeing her warily to find the female yanking the cup from his hand and putting it onto the bar's top and pulling him out of the bar in a fast blurring speed move. He found himself unable to see where he was going by the blurriness. Guardian frowned as he eyed the female with recognition within him he saw was Anna Kremenova. He frowned as the blurriness ceased followed by himself lying naked in bed facing Anna who was stripping her bathrobe and giving him looks of mating to him. He frowned feeling himself confused to what was going on as Anna faded from view followed by finding himself twisting onto the bed to face her naked lying on it.
Guardian didn't say a word as Anna spoke "Make love to me now."
He again heard the sinister laughter to find Anna laughing in his face while giving off the sinister sound to his confusion he spoke firmly "Who are you anyway?"
Guardian got Eli he assumed was Anna quitting her laughter like noises to feel her hand touching his sensitive part in a tight grip. 
It made him stiffen as Anna spoke "Just make love to me Guard Beers."
He stiffened from the name she used to obey to her order. Guardian ignored Anna's gasping as he sucked her nipples on her breasts one at a time followed by licking her all over her body with his tongue. He didn't spare her privates down below the waist either he finding himself enjoying the sexual act. Guardian felt himself hard enough to enter her found her hand remained clinging to his sensitive part as he made a move to do the penetration. He again kissed Eli on the neck only to feel her hand on his sensitive part remain ironclad blocking him from doing anything mating wise. 
Guardian spoke firmly eyeing Eli in the eyes she not meeting his eyes "You said make love to me now. I'm doing that ritual which involves me inside you as well. So remove your hand off of me now."
He formed a glare in response to glare at Eli who gave up a loud Hmph sound followed by her speaking "Time for you to get out."
Guardian frowned finding her voice sounded angry to him as Eli forced his eyes shut and he passed out unconscious. 

Guardian came to hearing "He's ready to be let out of the sleeper now. So get him out! I'm tired of him now!"
He frowned hearing Eli's voice sounded angry to him as he felt himself back into the tube to feel its water drain out followed by himself sucked out of the tube to land onto metallic floor from the feel of it. He shivered feeling himself cold all over to raise his left hand into his eyesight view to find it was thin in a tanned color with red lines indicating veins to him seen. Guardian frowned while eyeing his hand as he eyed his other hand to find it was twin to his left hand. He saw a pair of shoes come into his eyesight appearing to look black and formal to him along with the pants making him look up to find it belonged to a male form. Guardian kept looking up finding the pants appearing to be black led to a jacket that was almost covering the thigh as he found a cane included with the area. He frowned as he kept on looking up to find the cane's owner was a male with blonde hair appearing to be in a short length and gave him a Compeller's golden eyed look with eyes appearing to be not kind to him. 
Guardian gulped but didn't say a word as the Compeller in response spoke "The name is Barry leader of the Crimson Industries here in Megiddo on the island of Flowers as it's dubbed."
He frowned hearing the Meg language spoken from Barry he finding himself understanding a word as the male continued "The Duke of Megiddo the ruler had specific instructions regarding you involving you to heal from something I'm not told what it was. I was told the medical ailment involved you suffering from terrible burns in an eater's burning."
Guardian exhaled a breath hearing Barry's words as Barry continued speaking he forced himself to listen "The Duke gave you a name dubbing you Victor unsure of why he picked that name. Anyhow I don't care to know why your name is like that or why the Duke wished that you be healed at all costs. He'll reveal his purposes when he wishes them to be revealed. The time isn't right at the moment. But the time for you to be out of containment has arrived as indicated by Eli saying it. Guards!"
He found Megs arriving into view pushing a hospital bed who roughly picked him up and dumped him onto it followed by putting an oxygen mask over his mouth and nose he feeling himself sleepy again. Guardian shook his head of the sleepiness only to feel a needle prick of pain in his neck then he fell unconscious.

Guardian woke up feeling himself lying on a bed hearing the familiar raspy breathing sound coming closer and closer towards him. He jerked open his eyes to find the familiar skeleton was back standing next to his bed but this time had on wings of a bat and a bottle crown on its head while having a feminine form. Guardian frowned eyeing the skeleton that shifted into Svetlana who shook her head and faded from view. He found himself blinking tears from his eyes while hearing a loud beeping noise getting louder and louder.
He heard "He's pulling through! It's working!"
Guardian frowned hearing the voices for it sounded of medics working on keeping him alive to him. He kept hearing the voices' chatter indicating on a male being kept alive from a death status. Guardian frowned while finding himself sucking in air from his mouth and breathing through his nose. He kept on breathing through his nose as the oxygen mask was removed followed by objects on his bare chest ripped off making him grimace. He kept the breathing steady as a hand patted his face on the left cheek in some insisting move.
Guardian heard "Wake up! Come on wake up now!"
He frowned finding the voice sounded familiar to him like he heard before but wasn't sure of where. He lazily opened his eyes to focus onto the hand's owner he finding himself leaning over him with all white eyes to his confusion. 
Guardian frowned as himself spoke "Egypt as she's referred, has plans for you, Guardian. Hence she letting you live again after appearing to be perished into some eater explosion involving this thing dubbed helicopter."
He exhaled a breath as himself he figured was the Guardian of Life and Death added "Egypt with her purposes is a mystery to me. I'm not privy to her thoughts at the moment. I don't care to know as long as I do her bidding. This time she said for you to live again despite numerous medical procedures as it's called done onto you to keep you alive. I warn you that you'll be doing Egypt a favor once the time arrives. She doesn't do favors towards manoids even towards me as well. She's like death incarnate. Never favors anyone to live again once death strikes them. This time she made an exception towards you and let you live again. Don't push Egypt with your death requests. Take the second chance she gave you and live now."
Guardian felt his eyes forced shut to come to feeling a rumbling vibration sitting on his chest. He frowned blinking his eyes to feel the rumbling was a cat's purring vibration to focus onto the cat seeing it was orange all over and gave off a loud meow in a soft tone. He frowned eyeing the cat as it licked his chin with its rough tongue followed by arching its back and walking off of him he feeling the vibrations of it walking on the bed. Guardian looked around discovering himself in a cabin from the looks of it indicating was entirely one room with everything needed for inhabitation. He frowned recognizing the cabin as the one he stayed in when he was going around as Robert son of Nikolai. He heard nothing in response to his thought of recognizing the cabin got up from the bed feeling himself clad only in a hospital gown to his annoyance. He looked around the cabin to find a camera dome in the ceiling with a multiple red dots jutting from it. Guardian sighed and didn't say a word in response went to explore the cabin he finding the bathroom facilities behind a wall with a doorway entrance. He went to the sink's mirror to peer only to find it turning entirely into a frosted white color as if anticipating him to look. 
Guardian grunted in response figured to himself "I might as well shower."
He found the shower stall contained the necessitations he needed for cleaning which he stripped himself of the hospital gown and entered the area. He eyed his body finding the lights above in the shower stall turning off plunging him in darkness he unable to see. He found himself annoyed with unable to see what was going on with his body. 
Guardian spoke loudly "Quit sugarcoating the truth from me! Just let me see what's going on!"
He glared at the shower stall's wall unseeing it as the lights remained off to his annoyance. Guardian forced himself to feel his body all over he feeling was thin and not muscular to the feel and seemed to not have much muscles to his annoyance. He cleaned himself fully as he could then while washing off the soap found the stall's light turning on. It blinded him a bit which he forced himself to stare at the floor. Guardian raised his arm into view he finding it looked thin and bony looking and didn't look like it had muscles to him. He groaned softly as he looked down at his chest and stomach to find it was looking thick and muscular to him. 
He sighed to think to himself "The armored vest protected me from the eater's burning."
Guardian frowned as he eyed his stomach to feel all over the area he finding it thin and not indicating of muscles to him despite showing something that indicating it. 
He groaned as he realized "It's my organs sticking out that is making it look this way."
Guardian forced himself out of the shower's stall to dry himself via towel followed by finding the mirror no longer covered in frostiness. He exhaled a breath and steeled himself to look in the mirror at his face. Guardian gasped of shock finding his face looked thin and bony including his eyes appearing to look all black eyed looking and nothing to indicated Egyptian's looks to him. 
He groaned softly to think to himself "What am I going to do to heal myself back into my form as before?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question eyed his teeth to find they remained intact but noticed they were cracked and chipped and looking like fangs to him. He grunted an annoyed sound and without a word left the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his thin bony waist. Guardian found clothes sitting in a dresser drawer on examination. He found the clothes indicated of yoga status to him. He put on the clothes finding he had to cinch the drawstring tight around his waist. Guardian went to the door in the room appearing to lead outside only to hear a faint humming sound from it. He groaned as he went to the windows to peer through the blinds. He found a red brick wall as his view making him confused to why he was contained.
Guardian spoke out loud "Just how long am I here for?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question frowned finding smoke coming from the door in the wall he feeling sleepiness. Guardian went to the bed and laid down staring at the camera dome. He passed out unconscious.

Part Six: Recovering

Guardian frowned recalling his question of his containment by mysterious people who acted like a godly being to him. He frowned as he found himself in Robert's cabin in the woods for real after put to sleep one endless time of staying contained. He found his body was no longer thin and bony from himself doing yoga and karate exercises during free time while up and awake in containment. Guardian recalled waking up via alarm clock sounding familiar to him to find himself still in the containment room but this time the blinds were open letting in blaring sunlight. He recalled while chopping logs with an axe for the fireplace that he went to the windows to find a view of mountains appeared in sight including a vast field of wildflowers. He recalled as he continued to chop the log into pieces that he went to the door yanking it open to step into the sunlight that felt good to him on his skin including breathing the fresh air. He heard gravel crunching sounds indicating someone was coming up the driveway. Guardian wasn't sure if it was via foot of a person or via vehicle as he looked while seeing the sky clouded up indicated snow to him to find a vehicle a long lengthy limo with heavily high wheels rolling towards him. He halted the log chopping to frown eyeing the vehicle to find a male appearing to be Nikolai from the looks of him he figured was Jinks himself getting out of the limo. Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line feeling himself tired from the log chopping as he eyed Jinks who walked up towards him till the male was an arm length away and stood staring at him with Egyptian blue eyes. He kept his mouth into a thin line he recalling looking in the mirror repeatedly and always kept finding his eyes remained entirely black despite his face filled out as if it got muscles from his work on his rehabilitation of his body. 
He didn't say a word as Jinks spoke "Not one word of greeting from you Mister Victor?"
Guardian sighed softly and recalled himself able to talk by habitually speaking out loud from time to time to test his throat.
He spoke in response "Greetings Sir Jinks. Something I can do for you?"
Jinks spoke "Jinks? You and whoever is still mistaking me as that vessel. I'm Nikolai."
Guardian dropped the axe onto the ground in response he realizing that the male was correct on what he said indentifying himself as Nikolai.
Guardian spoke in response "Nikolai what can I do for you?"
He clamped his mouth into a thin line while eyeing Nikolai who spoke "Just wanted to meet the Egyptian who kept my son Robert alive."
He gave a head bob in response while bending down to pick up logs gathering them into his arm till he had an armful to stand up holding them. 
Guardian spoke seeing Nikolai's eyes turning all black looking "Your welcome on saving your son. Anything else I can do for you? I'm busy trying to gather eater wood for the eater for warmth. It's bound to be a cold night actually."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line to get from Nikolai using his creepy voice after hearing a beep sound from the male "Robert is rehabbing out some paralysis at the moment. He's paralyzed from the chest down despite his spinal cord appearing to suffer damage. My son is now an invalid stuck into a wheelchair forced to hear whining from the Meritanians and forced to whine every word he hears to me or whoever is around him to listen."
Guardian shrugged in response to speak firmly "Well I'm sorry to hear your terrible-"
He was interrupted "Terrible?! You say terrible when your back walking and not an invalid like what happened to my son in question?!"
Guardian eyed Nikolai to think to himself "Ooh he's come here to vent his grievances onto me."
He kept his mouth shut in response as he eyed Nikolai who spoke after willing aside the Source and showing an angry look in his eyes "It's not fair that Robert is suffering while your not."
He heard a horn honking sound in response to find another vehicle driving up the gravel driveway to find Nikolai jabbing a finger aimed at him and fisting the hand followed by the male getting into the limo and it backing up driving away. He saw the limo speed passed the other vehicle he saw was a truck with tires spinning on the gravel followed by going down the road in a fast speed move. Guardian didn't say a word in response groaned and went to the cabin's porch to put the logs in a pile followed by hearing a car door slamming. He turned to face the truck to find a male appearing to be bearded with a thin muscular form getting out giving him an all black eyed glare making him annoyed to see. Guardian didn't comment a greeting towards the bearded male who without a word took out two bags of nourishment and dumped them onto the driveway. 
This was followed by the male speaking "This is the last time I'm doing this job for you Mister Victor."
He exhaled a breath at the creepy Source voice tone the male was using who added "Being isolated out of town isn't what people had in mind for you to stay here. Get out of that stinking cabin and get yourself among the population. Get a job while you're at it. Do something worthwhile and stop staying in this cabin like a recluse. Get out walking among the natives or I'll have Nikolai, my son, kick you out on a permanent basis."
Guardian groaned softly hearing the male's words regarding Nikolai to figure "It's Jinks himself."
He didn't say a word in response as Jinks got back into the truck and drove it away gravel spinning all over the place. Guardian went to the cloth bags to peer only to find nothing indicating nourishment inside them. He found that they were stuffed of logs to eye the sky finding it was still morning from the looks of it. Guardian groaned and without a word dumped the logs onto the porch and locked the door to the cabin by key. He pocketed it and then carried the cloth bags down the driveway he grimaced from slipping and sliding from the loose gravel. He finding himself unsteady on his feet despite still walking. Guardian kept on walking till he got himself out of breath once reaching the main road to find himself huffing and puffing. He found Jinks' truck parked in the road next to the driveway with Jinks still clad in his bearded getup of a lumberjack while leaning against the truck's hood. He frowned to glare at Jinks while still huffing and puffing his legs whined in protest from his lengthy walk. 
Guardian got from Jinks in response "Took you long enough to get the message. Get inside the truck now. I'll drive you to town but that's as far as I'm doing for you."
He didn't say a word in response as he gulped for air via his mouth and forced himself to get inside Jinks' truck finding the male getting inside in the driver's seat and driving it away from the driveway. He found the town was walking distance from the driveway but felt himself too tired to argue with Jinks driving him there. Guardian didn't say a word as Jinks drove the truck into the town and stopped at a diner's parking lot.
This was followed by giving him a glare and speaking "So get out now. Do something to get to know to the natives of this town while you're at it. I'll be sure to give you something to do while you're stuck here. So go inside that diner and get some nourishment. You look like your about to drop into some sleeping status."
Guardian didn't say a word in response got out of the truck while carrying his bags to find Jinks driving away out of sight around the building. He groaned and forced himself to walk up the steps to the entrance and forced himself to walk inside he finding a sign greeting him near the entrance. Guardian forced himself to read the sign he found himself unable to read it.
He figured to himself "It's in Columbia's written language hence I unable to read it."
Guardian looked around feeling himself confused to what to do as he heard silence in the diner to find himself stared at by various people in the restaurant some halting themselves from eating and looking shocked to see him. 
He grunted an annoyed sound to figure to himself "Must be my eyes."
Guardian heard an ahem sound off his right to find a female dressed in an apron holding a wooden spoon in hand and appearing to look like she was the cook. 
He frowned but spoke firmly recalling the Columbian state territory's spoken language "I came to eat."
He heard gasps sounded within the large room to find the cook he assumed was the female giving him a golden eyed glare in response to his words.
Guardian spoke in response "Excuse me is there a problem I should be aware of?"
He eyed the cook to find her eyes narrow with suspicion in them to hear "Just kick that dad gum bum out Shirley!"
Guardian heard the male voice to find the cook looking in another direction he found she was looking at a male peering out a window in the wall with steam seen. 
He frowned as the male repeated his words followed by speaking while appearing to address him "We don't serve your kind here stranger. So get out now. Shirley, see him out."
Guardian exhaled a breath as Shirley spoke Compeller's voice language he heard and found himself walking out of the diner and walking on the road further into town. He grunted an annoyed sound feeling himself annoyed with Jinks getting him into the diner for nothing. Guardian went to the grocery store to find the female salesclerk giving him a golden eyed glare while aimed at him entering the business by the bell ringing noise. He ignored the female to wander around the store peering at items he found he wasn't sure of what they were. Guardian got an ahem noise off his left while examining a box appearing to be rice to find a male dressed in a cop's uniform next to him with arms folded and a glare on the male's face. 
Guardian spoke firmly "Just here to buy food sir, once I figure out what it is I'm looking at."
He got from the cop a chuckle sound followed by the male speaking "Not if you want wood pellets as your nourishment. You don't look like your carrying anything currency wise so get out of the store now."
Guardian exhaled a breath and put back the box of wood pellets he figured it was he finding himself still unable to read what the items said. 
He turned towards the cop and spoke firmly "I'm new in town. So tell me where I can get nourishment that I can read hmm?"
Guardian got the cop flaring golden eyes in response to get from the male speaking in a Compeller's voice and language he finding himself compelled to walk out of the store. He found himself annoyed with what cook at the diner meant not serving his kind meant serving Compellers only. 
He grunted an annoyed sound and figured to himself "I might as well walk home."
Guardian walked to the driveway finding Jinks' familiar truck parked in its familiar spot with Jinks standing leaning against the hood giving him a black eyed glare in response. 
He panted for breath finding himself exhausted from the walk up the hill to the driveway to kneel onto the ground while groaning "This town has Compellers living here as sanctuary from any other Egyptians. It's a town for Compellers to be equal in and no other Egyptians are equal to them."
He panted for breath finding Jinks speaking Compeller's voice tone and language to his shock to find the male shift into the cop who he met at the grocery store with the truck shifting to have police lights attached. Guardian grunted while panting for breath as the cop quit flaring golden eyes in response to his relief.
He found the cop speaking foreign language he found himself able to translate "Anything else you learned regarding this town Sir?"
Guardian found himself gasping out in twin language "I can't read the language used on signs and items for getting what I want around here."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line while forcing himself to nose breathe to find the cop speaking "Get into the truck now!"
Guardian forced himself to get up from the ground he finding his arms free of the cloth bags and got himself into the truck buckling up his seatbelt followed by the cop joining him in the driver's seat. He frowned as the cop started up the truck using voice commands in some Compeller voice tone and language then drove the vehicle down the street. Guardian peered out the window at the town finding it was twin to what he saw he walked in his stomach growled of hunger he groaned softly. He didn't say a word as the cop thrust him a lunchbox with one hand onto it on the seat in the middle of them and ordered him to eat. Guardian obeyed to open the lunchbox to find food contained inside that appeared to come from the diner which he felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up the nourishment. He once done sipped the drink he found was milk in a thermos and found the cop driving him out of town by the signs indicating it. Guardian kept his mouth shut in response as he peered out the window looking at the scenery that bored him showing trees that seemed endless. He found the scenery ended by showing a small airport with a large jumbo jet seated in the runway he frowned finding it indicated of Nikolai's. Guardian found the cop ordering him out of the truck once reaching the fence's entrance guarded by a pair of Megs that gave him tooth glares. He didn't say a word in response to find the truck driving away followed by the Megs patting him down all over the place and not sparing his sensitive parts. He grunted as they allowed him through the fence's entrance to walk towards Nikolai's plane. Only to find the plane lifting off in the air in a hover movement and going into the sky making him annoyed to see. Guardian grunted an annoyed sound as he went to the plane's hangar building to find a Meg guarding the entrance that blocked him from entering by thrusting gun aimed at him.
He held up his hands only to get the Meg speaking "Your ID now sir."
Guardian felt all over for his ID card only to find it not on him which he without a word walked away hearing nothing from the Meg. He went to the entrance only to hear a horn sound behind him to turn around finding Nikolai's jet landing via helicopter method. Guardian eyed the jet warily to find the door opening with stairs going down followed by Nikolai walking out jabbing a finger aimed at him and towards the door with a Source glare seen. He didn't say a word in response entered the plane past Nikolai he heard growling some creepy voice sound. 
He spoke firmly once Nikolai entered the plane "Thanks Sir."
Guardian got from Nikolai speaking after a beep sound was heard "Don't thank me! I'm still furious with the fact that my son is an invalid while your not!"
He sighed and without a word entered further into the plane followed by Nikolai finding the jet's area was appearing to look like a one room apartment's living room with a blast door at the end. 
He frowned as Nikolai spoke after willing aside the Source "Go sit down."
Guardian obeyed to pick a seat he recalled Robert habitually sat which was a couch and heard a growling sound from Nikolai. He shifted to eye Nikolai who appeared to have the Source again in control and appeared to be angry by the male running hands through his hair yanking at the strands. Guardian found Nikolai ignored the females his staff on the plane wearing uniforms highlighting their curves gathering around him and getting him to a seat on the couch opposite from him. He frowned as Nikolai leaned back in the couch letting two of the females fawn over him by appearing to give him massages they avoiding massaging him below the belt. He frowned while finding Nikolai giving him a glare when he was sensed staring to look away looking around the plane finding nothing to indicate it was moving to him. Guardian kept the frown to eye the females ignored him and were busy fawning over Nikolai some appearing to be acting like strippers removing their clothes and showing bare naked bodies to his shock. He gulped when he saw an eyeful of females naked and gyrating to some hidden music while doing some sexual mating behaviors onto each other and onto Nikolai who remained seated in his seat with the Source still in control. Guardian folded his arms forcing himself to stare at the floor that appeared to be wooden while peeking at the females who ignored him peeping from time to time still doing their acts onto each other and Nikolai. He found the actions seemed lengthy enough to make him want to do mating onto a female by the feeling of his sensitive part. Guardian ogled the females still ignoring him staring at them to find Nikolai giving off a loud roar in some angry voice tone.
He shifted to eye the floor to hear "Enough of this! Go do something else now!"
He frowned hearing Nikolai's voice speaking his comment without the Source in control to find the females quit their sexual acts to put on their clothes and walk away he spotted them entering a part of the plane via blast door. 
He found himself alone with Nikolai who spoke in response "Spill it Victor. You enjoyed this. I could see you drooling after the females hence I shooing them away."
Guardian eyed Nikolai to find the male didn't have his Source in control. 
He spoke firmly with memories filling his mind "I haven't been with a female since I was declared the age of seventeen is when I got my opportunity to have that happen. Unfortunately any other opportunities to have been with a female have been shot down repeatedly-"
He was interrupted "Spare me the talk on Robert's life now Victor. Talk on why you're drooling now."
Guardian sighed and spoke still using the firm voice tone "The actions of the females were making me want to do something mating wise hence my drooling as you call it."
He formed a glare while eyeing Nikolai who willed forwards the Source and heard his familiar beep followed by the male's creepy voice heard "Robert had his first time since he was declared at the age of seventeen with a classmate who was using him to make another male jealous. So spill it why you're talking Robert's crap to me."
Guardian spoke "I have memories involving Robert's life fully in my mind that is mixing up with my own life's memories. Hence my confusion."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to find Nikolai willing aside the Source followed by another beep noise and got from the male "Confusion? Hmph. Robert grew up mostly in Mahalia at the same time you grew up. I'm surprised that you don't recognize Robert from you attending the same stuck up high school as classmates but were never friends."
Guardian gave up a hiss sound in response to get from Nikolai adding "Robert when he grew up in Mahalia wasn't known as Robert O'Neil a name he picked to spite me. He was known as Barton Jackson-"
He interrupted giving off another hiss sound as Nikolai kept talking "Barton Jackson as I was saying reportedly bullied you and got away with that behavior using mental abilities he abused. He reportedly had tried to kill you in retaliation to his girlfriend as he refers her letting you be her first to have the mating act done. He mated with his girlfriend soon after she did the deed with you which the story of the mating came out via his mental abilities he was still abusing at the time. My son was furious to find out that his girlfriend picked you as her first she claiming later that it was just to get Robert jealous enough to focus onto her."
Guardian didn't say a word in response as Nikolai continued speaking "Robert as he wishes to be referred now's girlfriend found out about the stunt of him trying to kill you broke up with him for good. Except she wound up reportedly carrying an offspring her family tried to hide from the school while she was attending. The school in question has a rule frowning on female students attending when their carrying in case you know."
He gave a head bob in response but kept his mouth into a thin line as Nikolai kept speaking "Anyway Robert was pointed out to be the offspring's father via the girlfriend in an attempt to kick him out of school. It wasn't till the baby was already born and a few months old is when the father was obvious. Hence you kicked out of school and not awarded a diploma."
Guardian spoke noticing Nikolai's eyes turn all black with them narrowed "I wasn't told of the offspring being mine or that was the reason why I was kicked out of the school in question. Instead my age of declared nineteen was used as an excuse. Including the principal threatening to have me arrested when I arrived to school if I didn't leave quietly and not return."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line to get Nikolai's familiar beep noise followed by the male speaking "And how did this girlfriend get expectant in the first place hmm? She claimed she had used protection when mating with you once you were obvious the father of her offspring in question."
Guardian frowned to stare at the floor he spoke firmly "I do not remember very much. It's a blur in my mind."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line to hear from Nikolai "The female claimed that the mating was by force backed up by Robert who found her walking in a forest road with her clothes in a mess she crying hysterically, while driving by in his vehicle. He on admittance wound up having a mating ritual with her but he let her do the work while he sat back into the vehicle and discovered he wasn't her first. She wound up on admittance admitting that you forced mated with her and that's what's triggered him to try to kill you. Robert admitted this reason to me once he was back into his body actually. So talk on your point of view regarding this situation now Victor."
Guardian felt his mind scanned in response to hear nothing from the Meritanians as he saw lightening flash in his mind followed by a whip cracking. He frowned as he felt his mind quit being scanned to focus onto Nikolai who gave him a narrowed eyed glare. Guardian looked towards the floor recalling the mating with the female he found to his shock wasn't by force by him but by her forcing herself onto him. He recalled himself not resisting to the mating instead let the female had her way with him in his bedroom followed by the phone ringing. Guardian recalled answering the phone once she was done with him he found was his Mother raiser on the line via a deaf relay operator calling him to a residence immediately for help. 
He kept on staring at the floor as he spoke the memories fully in mind including admitting "I left her in my room lying in bed without a word towards her. Hence she got upset thinking I was using her for mating and left to do something else. I went to help out my Mother raiser with a problem involving a birth of an offspring via a mother that wasn't cooperative with her. I think I should have said something to her about the phone call I got."
Guardian stared at Nikolai to find the male quitting his Source look and speaking "Your words regarding your mother raiser proves true. There were witnesses to that birth of the male offspring that recalled you arrived soon after your mother raiser made a private phone call via her typewriter phone. The birth mother in question on admittance later was suffering from too much pains of the birth and was taking out her bad mood onto your mother raiser and not being cooperative. Hence your mother raiser had you to come assist the birthing by having you restrain the mother in some standing lock hold while your mother raiser pulled out the baby. The baby was born feet first actually according to records of his birth."
Guardian didn't say a word in response felt himself sleepy found Nikolai had waved a hand towards him while having the Source in control. He shut his eyes and passed out unconscious to come to finding himself underneath a spotlight to his confusion. He found himself seated in a chair facing Nikolai displaying the Source look and seated in a twin chair. Guardian frowned feeling himself confused to what was going on. 
He didn't say a word as he eyed Nikolai to hear loudly "Talk on who you are!"
Guardian spoke firmly "Guard Beers."
He grunted when he felt electrical jolts hitting his body via the chair that clamped down over him. 
Guardian gave Nikolai a glare in response he figuring to himself "Must be playing a game with me again."
He didn't say a word as the voice spoke their words over and over till it became garbled to his confusion. Guardian found the restraints releasing him while he got up followed by a hand grabbing his hand and yanking him out of the spotlight into the darkness. Guardian wound up seeing nothing only to come to floating above a male lying in bed that had all white eyes indicating of a blindness status. He frowned finding the male reminded him of the Duke of Megiddo to him. He kept on watching as a familiar male appearing to be Lance Richard came into sight to put a hand onto the Duke's hand. Guardian watched as the Duke acknowledged Lance's hand but only stared unseeing him. 
He continued to watch as he heard from the Duke "My son how is he?"
He hissed a breath hearing the Duke's words to recall to himself "The Duke had a son that mysteriously disappeared off Megiddo in the ocean while on a sailboat on the way to the Egyptian World Games. The boat was found in the bottom depths with no one aboard but signs indicated that the gonoids had a meal of the Egyptians' bodies."
Guardian didn't think any more instead focused onto the Duke to hear from Lance "Your son is doing fine. Don't worry about him. He'll live as oath I made towards you. Just go to the light now. Your son will take over for you."
He frowned as he watched the Duke appeared to focus onto him followed by some smiley look before the male shut his eyes and appeared to extinguished his light surrendering to death. Guardian found nothing but darkness arriving to his eyesight as he found himself lying in a bed feeling something patting his cheek. He grunted in response to feel the patting become insisting he felt belonged to a cat's paw. He sighed forcing himself to open his eyes focusing onto the cat sitting on haunches on his chest. Guardian frowned eyeing the cat warily to find the gonoid giving off a loud ear shattering meow in a loud tone. 
He sighed as he found Nikolai coming into sight to grab the cat while hearing the male speaking "Darn cat!"
Guardian kept his mouth shut in response as Nikolai without a word hauled the cat out of the room and slammed the door shut. He found himself back in Nikolai's apartment in Robert's room he finding Robert in the room restrained in a wheelchair and shaking sleep from his head. Guardian frowned to focus onto Nikola who didn't say a word in response instead showed the Source and waved a hand towards him. He found himself passing out unconscious to float above his body to his confusion. He eyed Robert as if drawn to find the male had grown his hair back instead of looking bald and waking up. Guardian kept his eyes onto Robert who squirmed into the wheelchair while giving off ah Wah sounds repeatedly. He frowned as Nikolai slammed a hand onto Robert's hand and gave up a loud Hmph sound. 
Guardian continued to eye Robert who spoke once quitting the noises "Father do something about my paralysis. Get me out of this now. You put me into it so get me out of it."
He frowned to eye Nikolai finding the male giving off a sound of disgust in response and speaking using the Source's voice tone "I had nothing to do with you being paralysis Robert. Stop blaming me-"
Guardian found Robert interrupting "Father why is this Guard Beers alive anyway?"
He kept the frown hearing Robert's question and change of subject to eye Nikolai in response to find the male speaking "I made an oath to the Duke that I would do what it takes to keep his son alive."
He stiffened from Nikolai's words as Robert spoke "Some son. He's not the Duke's son but someone else with the twin name Guard Beers that the Duke's son used in Megiddo. Hence this joke in question."
Guardian focused onto Nikolai as if drawn to find the male still using the Source speaking "The Duke has no heir to take over for him now. His last surviving child was his son Guard Beers he was counting on for taking over the throne for him. Too bad the restless natives of Megiddo ruined that by insisting on the Duke's progeny to take sailing in the Egyptian World Games. They pulled this sailing joke onto the Duke and his own progeny. The Duke wound up blinded as a result from losing one son in a sailing accident. His other son Guard Beers wound up dying in another sailing accident. It was arrogance that Guard Beers thought he could sail to Brittany where the games was being held and be left alive. His arrogance caused him his life. Now the Duke currently has his light extinguished at the moment. News of that is going to get out soon and so will the fact that he has no heir to take over."
He frowned to hear "Hence Megiddo will be ripe for picking for other nations to take over including crap from Brittany."
Guardian frowned hearing Robert's words as he focused onto Nikolai to find the male speaking "Yes I know of that, my son. Guard Beers here whether he's the Duke's son or not is Megiddo's last hope for preventing that picking you call it. Besides he's got much work ahead at the moment."
He frowned but remained silent to find himself back into his body hearing silence from Nikolai and Robert. 
Guardian thought to himself "I do hope Nikolai lets me know what's he's got in mind for me to do as Megiddo's ruler if he intends me to rule Megiddo. I do hope I don't let the Megiddo's natives down."
He felt himself passing out unconscious as he last thought of a question "What am I going to be doing for my future?"

Guardian recalled his question fully in his mind while clad in a familiar uniform of the Duke as ruler of Megiddo. He felt himself annoyed to wear the uniform of a military general complete with blue pants and red jacket with medallions on his chest over his heart organ. He felt himself further annoyed with Nikolai refusing to help him out with ruling Megiddo or giving him instructions on what to do. He cleared his throat feeling the uniform pinch his neck off the sides and held the familiar cards in his hand he was to use for giving out his speech at the government meeting of Parliament in Megiddo. Guardian grimaced from a flash of a light he finding the Duke's official press person was taking his picture and blinding him with the flash to his annoyance. He ignored the presses' blaring lights to focus onto his cue to enter the Parliament meeting room to give out his speech. 
He recalled fully to himself "Bloody Hades. Nikolai pulled up a joke of me being a third son born of another female when presenting me to Parliament as the heir. I highly doubt that his stunt was believable anyway. Some of those government Senators were seen laughing at me being showed publicity as the Duke's son. Hmph. Don't tell me this is another attempt to keep Megiddo's ruler to their own people hence I declared the ruler."
Guardian cut his thoughts to find the familiar guard next to him both clearing their throats. He wordlessly took their cues and entered the room going to the pulpit while hearing applause. Guardian looked around to notice some of the Senators had laughter in their eyes and mouths including looking amuse making him annoyed. He went to the pulpit to stand in front of the microphone and spoke the command for sitting towards the Senators. Guardian found most of the Senators sitting down except about six of them remained standing he noticed were the ones giving off laughter. 
He inhaled a breath to form a glare and spoke firmly while eyeing the Senators "Something you wish to speak about? So speak!"
Guardian formed a glare eyeing the Senators to find one speaking not in a laughing tone but in a firm voice tone "I can prove that this person standing in front of us as the Duke isn't related to the former Duke himself."
He exhaled a breath and kept his mind blank in response as he heard gasps from the Senators to frown forming it on his face while eyeing the standing Senators to find all standing up in response while gasping loudly as they were looking in a direction. Guardian kept his mouth into a thin line when he spotted a male with the Duke's facial appearance come into view complete with a scar line on his face while wearing rags and looking annoyed. 
He frowned as the male reached the pulpit to speak loudly "I'm the Duke's missing son Guard Beers."
Guardian spoke in response as if compelled "Then you should be wearing this uniform and not me."
He felt a compulsion to strip himself of his uniform felt annoyance take hold obeyed to thrust the clothes and shoes towards the male who gripped it. 
He spoke firmly as if compelled "Just figure out how to handle the laughing around here."
Guardian found himself still clad in his underwear shorts and t-shirt and without a word walked out of the room to find the guards handcuffing him and getting him out of the building onto the crowd of presses gathered outside. He kept his mouth into a thin line as the presses blared questions aimed at him he tuned them out as he was thrust into a van with black tinted windows. Guardian found himself thrust into a seat to hear the door slam shut and heard the familiar Ah Wah sound he recognized as Robert's familiar whining. He sighed and found the van driving away to find Robert next to him while still restrained in his wheelchair still giving off his whining noises. 
He sighed and got Nikolai getting into sight and speaking "Shouldn't you be doing something about your restraints Victor?"
Guardian groaned in response and without a word freed himself of the handcuff he recalling "I have a natural ability to get out of traps regardless of what they are."
He kept his thought to himself as he thrust Nikolai the handcuffs that snatched them out of his hand followed by the male throwing them out the window of the van. 
He groaned out "Who's the guy that I gave up the Duke title to anyway?"
Guardian got in response "The Duke's missing son actually."
He gave Robert the speaker a glare who spoke again "Guard Beers and crew wound up onto some forbidden island after their sailboat sunk. They've been living on that island for awhile and had no way of making contact till now. Besides Lance Richard Deity Lord oath to the Duke that his son was alive and returned him as said he would once the Duke's light was extinguished."
Guardian folded his arms to glare at Nikolai who sat back into a seat. 
He spoke firmly "You could have said something about this, instead of just used to keep thrones intact in nations, Nikolai."
Guardian got Nikolai willing forwards the Source while hearing from Robert "You shouldn't have said that name to my Father. He hates being called that name by people. Ooh you're going to get it ooh hoo."
Guardian threw his hands up and spoke firmly "Oh I give up. I can't seem to do anything right anyway enough to feel appreciated."
He looked away and resumed folding his arms to hear loudly "I need a drink."
Guardian frowned hearing Nikolai's comment to find the male's comment repeating followed by getting fainter and fainter till nothing but darkness arrived to him. 

Guardian jerked feeling a familiar patting on his face from a cat he grunted an annoyed sound in response. He jerked open his eyes to find an all orange colored cat sitting on his front on its haunches patting his face. He discovered he was back in Mahalia in Olivia's house's basement apartment only to feel an odd feeling like there was something missing going on. He frowned as he eyed Bob the cat warily who got off of him and heard scratching sounds onto the familiar door. He sighed and forced himself to get up he feeling his legs like jelly and refusing to hold him up. Guardian crawled towards the basement door and forced it open despite out of breath to find Bob darting up the stairs. He crawled back into bed and shut his eyes despite lying onto his stomach only to hear a loud meow sounding annoyed to him. Guardian woke up finding himself lying on his back with Bob again sitting on his chest. 
He spoke firmly "Stop the insanity now! Stop it!"
He found the cat shifting into Egypt that appeared to be lying onto him while stroking his chest mostly on his abs. He sighed as her hand went higher and higher till it reached his forehead. Guardian frowned as Egypt forced his eyes shut to find himself once again underneath a spotlight facing a seated Nikolai displaying the Source. He again heard the voice speaking its familiar words.
He spoke in response "I'm dubbed Victor."
Guardian heard laughter in response to find the familiar six Senators were standing in a row off his left and appearing to have mirth on their faces. 
He gave them a glare in response to find the voice speaking "Victor isn't your name so talk on what it is!"
He sighed and spoke firmly "I was raised with the name of Guard Beers with the nickname of Guardian."
Guardian got from the Senators quitting their laughter and looking angry to him. 
He didn't comment a response as the voice spoke again "Guardian? What name involves this nickname of Guardian anyway?"
He sighed and spoke again still using the firm voice tone "I believe its Guardian-"
Guardian found a hand clamped over his mouth he finding Egypt in the room floating nearby while having her bat like wings flapping. He frowned finding her hand seemed clawed and found her putting a finger to her lips with a clawed fingernail followed by disappearing from his eyesight. 
Guardian heard "Why are you interrogating my son in question? Cut this joke now!"
He exhaled a breath recognizing the voice as Verona his Mother raiser to frown finding her coming into sight with golden eyes seen and glaring at the Senators. He didn't comment a response as he eyed the Senators warily to find the six men shift forms into four men with long hair and all black eyes and wearing ragged clothing while having lightening flashing from their hands. 
Guardian heard from Verona "Famine, Plague, Sword and Death unhand Egypt's son Guardian now!"
He stiffened from the words she used to eye the four males as if drawn to find one speaking blaring in his mind "She's not kidding on him being Egypt's own son in question."
He frowned finding the voice reminded him of Tut to find Verona marching up towards one of the males and giving a slap onto the male's cheek who flinched from the blow. He frowned as Verona to his shock shifted form into a floating Egypt. Guardian saw the four males get into one knee and appeared to be paying respects towards Egypt as the men bowed their heads cutting off their lightening show. He frowned as Egypt floated towards him and without a word forced his eyes shut.

Guardian came to hearing voices chattering loudly words sounding of finally getting a patient back from a problem with the beater organ. He grunted as he felt air blowing into his mouth to lazily open his eyes finding himself surrounded by medical personal. He frowned finding himself wearing an oxygen mask over his face as he eyed the medics. Guardian found the medics were surrounded by glowing lights to his confusion. 
He felt a hand slapping his face once the oxygen mask was removed followed by hearing "Wake up! I didn't say that you could sleep! Come back to me now! Don't you dare let your light get extinguished!"
Guardian focused onto the voice he heard belonging to Nikolai sounding of panic in the voice tone while having Source in control. He blinked his eyes to discover himself lying in Robert's bed while having Nikolai standing over him while slapping his cheek in a fast move. 
Guardian focused onto Nikolai as if drawn to find the male holding up two fingers and speaking "How many fingers am I holding up?"
He copied with his right hand to get Nikolai giving off a loud sigh sound followed by hearing "Jeez, Father you really had to care for him like you cared for me?"
Guardian groaned while hearing Robert's voice sounding of sarcasm to find Robert still in the room contained in his wheelchair. He sat up from Robert's bed he felt from the feel only to get Nikolai thrusting him to lie down.
Guardian frowned as Nikolai spoke "Just lie down now. Let the drug wear off now."
He spoke with confusion in his voice "What drug are you talking about?"
He frowned to hear "Oh tell Victor what's going on with him since he's not smart enough to remember."
Guardian frowned while eyeing Nikolai who spoke in response after willing aside the Source "Alright one of the guards got a drug into your nourishment just prior to you going out to present yourself to Parliament. The drug was obvious by how your skin looked indicating it hence I putting you asleep in question."
He got "Yeah right Father."
Guardian spoke while giving Nikolai a glare "What's Robert talking about?"
He got Nikolai willing forwards the Source in response and thrusting a hand onto his forehead he felt himself itching to sleep found himself passing out unconscious.

Guardian wound up dreaming of himself as a seventeen year old walking home from school only to be met on the way a familiar female he recognized as Barton Jackson's girlfriend Matilda. 
He didn't comment a response as Matilda spoke towards him "So tell me where you live hmm?"
He spoke "With a midwife in a residence that rented."
He felt himself annoyed with what he blurted eyed Matilda who spoke again "Care to walk me to your residence? I might as well see what your home looks like. I'm curious."
Guardian sighed and didn't say a word towards Matilda in response took her arm and led the way to his residence where his Mother raiser wasn't home. He unlocked the door once letting go of her arm and walked inside with her following. 
Guardian showed the house to Matilda that appeared to be a bungalow and not much room in it to stop in his room and speaking "This is my room."
He didn't say a word towards Matilda went to sit on the bed and gave her a frown as she looked around the room. He saw his room looked bare of furniture and had a mattress on the floor including a suitcase holding his clothes he was only allowed to keep. He kept his mouth shut as Matilda joined him sitting onto the bed next to him and sighed feeling her hands running through his lengthy hair. 
He didn't say a word as Matilda got him to lie down followed by her straddling him which he stared at the ceiling he figuring to himself "She wants to mate. I might as well let her do the work."
Guardian kept his form still as Matilda got him stripped of his clothes baring him followed by herself stripping of her clothes then again straddling him. He rolled his eyes when he felt her hands onto his sensitive part making him gasp of pleasure. Guardian sighed as he felt her guide his sensitive part inside her thrusting through without anything blocking the way. He kept the eye roll and gasping sounds as Matilda rocked him with hands onto his shoulders giving him pleasure each time he entered her. He gave up a loud moaning like gasp once he spilled himself inside her. Guardian sighed softly to frown finding Matilda getting off of him pulling him out of her followed by putting on her clothes and walking out of the room shutting the door. He groaned and went to his clothes getting up from the bed to put on. He heard the phone ringing sounding of Ahs and Wahs to his confusion.
Guardian shook himself of the dream to recall it was an actual memory of his first time with Matilda he recalling to himself "I never saw her again after that. I didn't hear what happened to her. Instead I heard a rumor of some drunkard mowing down a recently pregnant student with their car and not heavily punished for that. The students in school kept pointing the finger aimed at Matilda as the one who's light was extinguished."
He shook his head of the memory to focus onto Robert again whining in his wheelchair while noticing Robert's right hand was jerking while in restraints. He eyed Robert's left hand to find it remained still as he sat up finding Nikolai not in the room. Guardian felt dizziness hitting him forced himself to lay down as he focused onto the ceiling as if drawn to find Egypt floating above with her bat wings flapping. He frowned as Egypt put a finger to her red lips and made a sign for quiet which he looked away towards Robert again jerking while in the wheelchair. He kept on noticing Robert's right hand kept on shaking over and over. 
He ignored Egypt sensed watching to speak towards Robert "Your right hand is moving."
Guardian eyed Robert who quit his jerking to focus onto him with an all black eyed glare in response. 
He spoke again "Your right hand was moving Robert."
He got Robert speaking still having the Source in control "Listen you creep this paralysis is a result of my Father putting me into it. It's got nothing to do with me being paralysis by my own body. It's just my Father doing this stunt to control me."
He sighed and got Robert again giving off Ah Wah sounds while jerking which he spoke loudly "Robert what's with you making that noise?"
He glared at Robert who glared at him back in response to speak "I hear the Meritanians and their jokey blaring from all over the place. I can't do a thing to shut the plants up. Hence I making my noises. I figured it'll cause the Meritanians to hear me and shut up. Besides they claim that they can't hear me whenever I yell at them mentally."
Guardian sighed and didn't comment a response as Robert again went into his jerking fit while again giving off his familiar Ah Wah sounds. He sighed again and forced himself to lie on the bed while staring at the ceiling ignoring Robert's noises and seeing Egypt floating above making the quiet gesture on her lips repeatedly. He shifted to roll onto his side and thrust the blanket over his head forcing himself to sleep due to feeling like needing it. He passed out unconscious to come to feeling water dripping onto his face. Guardian jerked open his eyes to find Nikolai in the room holding a glass cup in his hand pouring water over his face. He lurched up into a sitting position in a fast move to feel himself no longer dizzy. He gave Nikolai a glare who left the room he hearing the male yelling for the butler. Guardian frowned finding Robert not in the room instead appeared to be elsewhere which he found Jones the butler coming into the room giving off a loud Tsk sound. 
He sighed and spoke "What did the Master order this time?"
He gave Jones a glare who spoke "I'm to escort you to where you're to go sir."
Guardian found himself only clad in his shorts covering him and nothing else on his form as he got up from the bed. He wordlessly followed Jones to the familiar bathroom to find Robert inside giving off his familiar noises while jerking in the wheelchair again. He ignored Robert to strip himself of his shorts thrusting them onto the sink's counter to hear silence from the male. He gave Robert a glare to find the male was looking him up and down not sparing his sensitive part as he folded his arms.
Robert spoke "Hmph. You look like my Father pumped you with the familiar crap he pumps into me just to have twin body forms as his."
He sighed and eyed his arms to find that they were twin to Nikolai as he heard a loud Tsk sound to find Jones in the room. 
He ignored Jones and stomped into the shower making sure that he was fast in cleaning himself he recalling "Nikolai has some hot and cold water trick to people using the shower stall too lengthy."
He ignored Robert staring as he walked out to dry himself then eyed Jones while speaking "So what am I wearing anyway?"
Guardian frowned as Jones went to the closet in the room and pulled out a suit complete with a bow tie. He heard Robert's sound of disgust to groan loudly as he put on the suit and bow tie and other necessary items related for it. 
Guardian frowned to eye himself in the mirror to find Jones speaking "So sit onto the stool while I fix up your hair now."
"Your not shaving his hair off are you Jones?" He heard from Robert.
Guardian eyed Jones warily who produced a comb and a hair band and spoke "Actually Mister Guard Beers the Duke himself specified that Victor here as he's now referred be allowed to keep his long hair length as long as its colored to a specific color period."
He sighed and sat down in the stool to allow Jones to comb his hair and found the butler braiding his hair into some feminine style to his annoyance. He glared at Jones once the butler quit braiding to lock his hair by the hair band. 
Guardian spoke "What's with this ridiculous hair style anyway?"
He got in response "That's protocol when meeting the Duke in question. Males with hair that length in the color the Duke specified should have their hair pulled back into this style. It's a part of the requirements when meeting the Duke in question."
He groaned softly and didn't comment a response towards Jones' words instead stood up and got the butler fixing his cuffs and shoelaces. He ignored Jones to focus onto Robert finding the male using voice orders to wheel himself out of the room with a loud squeak sound. 
He again heard the familiar Ah Wah from the hallway to hear from Jones "Hmph poor Robert. He still won't get it that his own body is causing his paralysis. The Master had nothing to do with it actually."
Guardian sighed and spoke "Well where am I to meet the Master in question?"
He frowned while eyeing Jones through the mirror who gave a loud Tsk sound to hear silence from the hallway to find Nikolai in the room with arms folded standing in the doorway the male wearing twin suit and hair pulled back. 
Guardian spoke "Never mind I didn't notice you there."
He got Nikolai flaring the Source in control making him annoyed to add "Alright I was too busy staring at myself to notice your arrival. Anything I can do for you such as instructions on what I'm to do towards the Duke? You never gave me instructions on what to do while posing as the Duke Sir."
He formed a glare to get from Nikolai in response "I knew that Guard Beers was alive stuck on a forbidden island and kept onto there. It took me awhile to figure out a way to get Mister Beers back to Megiddo. Besides the Duke had to had his light extinguished to let his son return to Megiddo as oath he would have his son back to the public once the incident of the sailboat was found in the bottom depths of the ocean. The public was believing that Mister Beers was dead drowned in the sea despite the Duke claiming on his son being alive. He made a public oath that once his light was extinguished as you Mahalians say it for saying the passed away status that his son would return once he was dead."
Guardian frowned but didn't comment a response found Egypt peering over Nikolai's shoulder and giving him the quiet sign which he focused onto the male. 
He ignored Egypt seen peering at him to find Nikolai ordering him "Let's get out of here before Robert has another fit of his."
"I heard that Father!" He heard from the hallway sounding of Robert's voice. 
He ignored the comment to follow Nikolai out of the bathroom to take a route to the elevator finding Robert following in his wheelchair to find the male halted once at arriving to the elevator. Guardian found one of Nikolai's cats getting onto Robert's lap and acting friendly with the male as he and Nikolai entered the elevator he hearing the male give the command to lobby to his confusion. 
He frowned to find Nikolai willing aside the Source and speaking towards him "Just don't embarrass me by introducing yourself as Guard Beers. Your name is Victor period."
He spoke "Victor what? What's my inherited name?"
Guardian got Nikolai giving off a loud roar in response sounding angry to find the male in a fast move thrust his back onto the elevator's wall while grabbing his jacket and lifting him up before he could speak again. 
He found himself dangling his feet while giving Nikolai a glare who spoke "The public has gotten to their heads that your another bastard son of mine born through some mating with another hotel maid. The Duke has told me not to correct this joke in question!"
He groaned softly and using karate forced Nikolai's hands off his jacket to land onto the floor with his feet landing onto it firmly. 
He gave Nikolai a glare who spoke "Your inherited name will be Neil as publicity known as Nikolai Neil Junior nicknamed Victor the victorious brat."
Guardian sighed and adjusted his jacket to find Nikolai looking away from him to follow the male out of the elevator into the lobby despite finding cops in there. He found the cops made a barrier to the limo from the presses blaring questions aimed at them both.
He heard one yell "Who's Victor actually?!"
Guardian frowned to get nothing from Nikolai in response instead went into the limo and found the driver shutting the door followed by the male giving off a loud growling noise. 
He sighed and spoke "Just tell them I was raised in Mahalia-"
He got interrupted "The presses know that story!"
Guardian felt the limo moving to find Nikolai added while giving him a glare "Mahalia has been pointed out where I'm known to father offspring via hotel maids during my visit to there for the Samira group demanding me to visit as their religious deity. My Father has refused to leave Columbia's continent for any reason including balking demands by other nations' religious groups to visit. He claims that the Lancelot group in Columbia is still not yet able to function without him. I think it's speak for he's afraid of traveling over the ocean via water or air methods. He has used parental authority to get me to travel all over Egyptia for religious groups' demands for their deity to visit. My Father only stays in Columbia and handles Columbia's business while I handle the rest of Egyptia."
Guardian frowned as Nikolai looked away to find the male leaning back in the seat and appeared to be staring out the window lost in thought. He copied Nikolai to stare out the window seemingly lengthy till the palace came into view despite it on the outskirts of the city of Megville he saw signs for it. Guardian frowned to follow Nikolai out of the limo once it arrived to the palace to find a uniformed guard leading the way to the throne room. He wound up finding Guard Beers the male looking regal in the Duke's uniform while seated on the throne chair having black hair spilling around his head. He sighed and copied Nikolai's bow to find a hand clapping noise he compelled to look up. He stiffened to see the Guardian of Life and Death seated in Guard Beers' place who was clapping his hands.
Guardian frowned as the Guardian of Life and Death spoke "Bravo Egypt! Shouldn't you be getting over him hmm? Clinging to him with the dream isn't going to work."
He stiffened hearing the word dream to frown as the male got up walking towards him while speaking "Egypt he's not placed here for you to trifle with his life. Let go of him. Let me balance the scales regarding his life with the creator."
He exhaled a breath to find a hand grabbing his arm yanking him aside out back onto the familiar dark sea view. Guardian found himself clad in nothing as Egypt appeared off the ocean floating with a look on her face he saw was pity.
He spoke loudly in response "Mother."
Guardian found the Guardian of Life and Death standing next to him speaking "You can't keep him here forever Egypt. You'll have to let go of him once and for all for him to be judged to go have his light extinguished."
He stiffened hearing the Guardian of Life and Death's words as the male he saw disappeared in a light show.
He felt compelled to speak spoke "Egypt."
Guardian felt himself shocked with what he said as Egypt he saw glided towards him and with hands onto his shoulders pushed him backwards. Guardian found himself falling backwards as Egypt's hands released their holds onto him. He found himself landing onto something like a mat to grunt with pain from his left arm twisted into a painful hold. He thumped the mat three times as if recalling what to do to find his arm let go. Guardian got up in a fast move to find himself facing a Meg while in a karate studio he and the female were both clad in uniforms involving the karate. He felt himself confused as he found muscle memory to fight the Meg as if trying to grab her into lock holds she kept on slinking out of his hands' grips. 
He heard clapping noises to find the Meg giving a bow in a direction which he copied only to hear "That's not necessary Victor."
Guardian sighed to straighten up his form to find Nikolai in the room standing at the edge of the mat with arms folded. 
He frowned as Nikolai spoke "Come with me, Victor."
Guardian found Nikolai shifting into the Guardian of Life and Death holding a hand out towards him while noticing a golden object behind the male illuminated by a spotlight he saw was a scale. He found the Guardian of Life and Death repeating his words using the Victor name which he felt a hand familiar grab his arm and yank him out of view into the familiar ocean scene again. 
Guardian frowned while eyeing Egypt warily to find the Guardian of Life and Death walking into sight and speaking "You can't keep Victor hidden from me. I'll always find him no matter where you hide him Egypt."
He got Egypt shaking her head into a no gesture followed by thrusting him backwards to fall again hitting the mat he finding himself still fighting with a female Meg. This time it involved karate he finding himself easily defeated. Guardian found Nikolai coming into view clapping his hands which he found shifted into the Guardian of Life and Death speaking his familiar words.
He spoke firmly loudly "I thought my name was Guardian not Victor?"
He eyed the Guardian of Life and Death that spoke "Your birth name is Victor actually named after your Mother who's name was Victoria Lynn. Come with me Victor."
Guardian spoke firmly using the firm voice tone "Then what's going on with my life to require this visit with you?"
He frowned to get from the Guardian of Life and Death in response "You'll remember you life once you come with me for the judgment of the scales."
He exhaled a breath to make a step forwards only to feel a hand grabbing his arm yanking him back to the dark ocean. He stood on the ocean waters feeling the waves lapping onto his feet as he eyed Egypt floating above him. 
Guardian got the Guardian of Life and Death coming into view speaking "What or who are you protecting him from Egypt? Shouldn't he know his own life and his lifetimes he lived? Doesn't he deserve to know what's the truth on his own life?"
He frowned to eye Egypt to see her floating away from him onto the horizon to feel a hand gripping his hand he pulled away from the ocean. He found himself standing naked on steps leading up towards the Guardian of Life and Death standing at the top with a scale next to the male. 
He didn't comment a response as the Guardian of Life and Death spoke "Let judgment onto this soul Victor be done."
Guardian found the male jabbing a finger in a direction he compelled to look to find a round metal arch appear into sight flashing something that resembled a TV monitor adjusting its set. He focused onto the TV he figured was the gated arch as if needing to do it. 
He heard the familiar words from the Guardian of Life and Death "I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you with my scale on your life."

End Book two
