
Gut Instinct

By Bruce Lombardo at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This
book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book
remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to
Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
This is not a wholly original work of fiction.  It is inspired by the Heartbreaker TM game and source material of Mutant Chronicles, now owned by Paradox Entertainment.  If you enjoy reading this, then please, by all means, pursue these other products and have a profitable afternoon.
- Bruce

If you like, write me at brucifer75il at hotmail dot com, tag the subject line with “Gut Instinct”.

Blessed are the peacemakers, for they are the sons of God... Matthew 5:9
Prelude
July 19th, 3411 AD
San Jose, Mars
5:38a.m.  Jon felt the hot wind as he leaned his upper half out the window. The sirens and various traffic sounds rolled up the side of the building like the plumes of smoke from the smoke stacks three blocks down.  Pulling himself back into the apartment, he shoved the screen down.  
Jonathan Grier  wiped the sweat off his brow with his handkerchief.  Closing the window to the small apartment, he turned on the fan and closed the blinds.  Walking into his living room, he looked out the picture window above the San Jose cityscape.  The red tint from the Martian sand helped give the city a semi-ambient glow.
The clock on the end table read 5:39a.m.  Jon looked next to the clock at the photo of him and his wife together on their wedding day.  He looked so happy that day, and his wife was just starting to show from the first pregnancy.  He was wearing his Capitol Security Services uniform and she had on a traditional white wedding dress, altered to minimize the bump in her stomach.
He let his fingers linger on the picture for a moment as he mouthed the word, ‘baby’.  Going into his bedroom, he pulled off his uniform and placed his holster, gun, and ammunition clips aside.  He looked at his ring and didn’t even try to remove it, it would stay on all night.  Hell, Jon, you act as if you’re dead.  If it hurts so bad not knowing, just take your service firearm and take out the back of your skull.
Jon could only imagine his father standing behind him.  No son of mine pukes out on me, buddy.  No Grier was ever known for giving up.
Jon let the two have their say and sat on the edge of the bed.  He stared at the other side of the bed, but nobody stared back at him, or even lay there.  Sometimes if I close my eyes long enough, you’re here.
He swiveled his head and looked at the firearm again.  Grunting before his father’s voice could reprimand him, he turned off the light and pulled the covers over his hips.

In the late morning, Jonathan woke and saw the sun and Deimos rise in the sky in tandem.  Wiping his eyes, he struggled with getting out of bed and standing up next to the water heater, he activated it so he would have enough hot water for a shower.  While it was warming the tank, he pulled a pan out of the sink and saw that there was still some grease on it from the previous morning.
“That’s almost enough for bacon and eggs again!”  Breakfast was one of the few things that Jonathan really enjoyed.  Maybe it was his upbringing in the city of Luna, with his family gathered around for years to enjoy the comforts of success.
Jon dug through the refrigerator and pulled a couple of slices that were pre-cooked and some synthetic eggs off the shelf.  As he prepared his breakfast, he smiled, and the smell took him back to a time when his life wasn’t so quiet.
Not even getting a plate out of the cabinet, Jon ate from the pre-used pan with his fork and put some water through the purifier to wash it down with.  Wiping his forehead and sweating already, Jon chuckled at the thought of possibly today being the day where his promotion ran through.
“Maybe they’ll even say, you’re thirty-two, have a bonus for staying around since 3405!”  He joked with himself, knowing that he was fooling only himself with his fantasies.  But he wanted to get back to Luna, and see the old ‘burbs which he had grown up in.  “Come on, retirement in ten years at seventy-five percent, you can’t beat that!”
The stainless steel toaster reflected his burly form.  Broad shoulders gave way to large powerful hands.  His chiseled chin sat grimly as he worked for minutes on his project.  His flat-top haircut was getting long on the sides, touching his ears.
Turning on the news, he prepared for the worst.
“...citizens on the west side of San Jose should be aware that attacks on Brotherhood properties have held up traffic for the past two weeks.  Anyone in the inner eight mile section of the commercial districts will have already figured it out, but we want to make sure that the word is spread.  Please plan ahead an hour for transit.  We’re under a heat warning for all of the greater San Jose metro area, so keep the Freon pumping out of your car’s air conditioning if you have to be on the road.  It’s a typical July day with temperatures reaching well over ninety two degrees!
“In other news today, Bishop Enoch of San Jose stated that frequent occurrences with the Dark Legion have stirred some media outlets into a frenzy.  He quoted, ‘the entities that serve Cybertronic’s public relations arm are not acting in the accordance of the populations best interests, with the non-disclosure agreements being waived by non-sanctioned Brotherhood news sites on the web, people should be extra careful of where they gather their information.  Many people are at risk and have perished due to Cybertronic withholding information on what they have encountered thus far.
“Of all the reminders, let me praise, May God Bless You All.”

The news ended and the music for the Morning Mass began.  Jon shut the radio off, only to hear the music being broadcast by one of the many roving Brotherhood Air Services blimps above the city.  He shook his head and proceeded to take his shower.

- 1 -
Jon dismounted his Superior XL motorbike.  It was one of the few things in his possession that would help the stressors of life fade away.  Since his move to San Jose, he had stopped running and his only passion was now being on the two wheeled vehicle.  Even in traffic, he couldn’t quite open up the throttle because of the bumper-to-bumper congestion.
Running his hand down the ceramic plate gas tank and letting it fall, he took his helmet off and proceeded across the parking lot in the noontime sun.  Above him, the Morning Mass was being wrapped up by Brother Enoch and broadcast from the belly of the blimp to the populace.  Jon was happy that he didn’t have to listen to him when he was on his bike, the wind often would drown out everything around him on the fifty-two mile ride around the loop.
The greenish-hued bronze plated building rose above the others in the complex.  Jon made his way through the four-story parking lot, to the employee entrance.
On entering, he walked through a series of double doors into a room with two men dressed like himself, but holding their MP-105's level with Jon’s belly.  “Hold your ID badge in your right hand and let your name ring in Freedom’s ears,” a booming voice from above stated.  The ceiling was reflective one-way, but allowed sound to permeate it.
“Jon David Grier, badge number four-seven-fife-fife-zero-grenade.”
A moment of silence followed, possibly the one which Jon didn’t mind.  “Security Specialist Grier, please proceed to Administration today, and have a profitable afternoon.”
Hmm, admin today.  I wonder if they’re gonna discuss with me the seniority package.  I’m getting closer to retirement.  He touched his ring unconsciously and walked through an open door into the elevator.
The elevator operator was wearing his non-standard issue Punisher pistol on his hip today, in his bright sky blue uniform.  “Heard you’re going to listen to some biggies, today, Jon.”
“Yeah, I looked at the calendar and saw that it was anniversary day on the fridge.”
The operator pressed a few buttons, then turned to look up at Jon with his green eyes and standard trimmed red hair.
“You’ve been with us longer than you’ve been...” and his voice trailed off looking at Jon’s ring.  “Anyone ever tell you anything, like if they have leads or if they found anything?”
John snorted, “hell no.  If they told me that they’d have to give me a week off for convalescence.”
The elevator ascended and quickly cleared the first ten floors to the exterior of the building. Sunlight spilled in from the transparent side of the elevator.   “So happy anniversary, working for the company, Jon.”
“Thanks.”

Jon stepped off the elevator and into a long hallway, with plush red carpet and soft uplifting music being piped in from the speakers above.  The receptionist at the desk looked at him admiringly and asked, “your name, sir?”

“Grier, Jonathan, four-seven-fife-fife-zero-grenade.”
She nodded and her brunette ponytail swung about.  “Ah hah,  here you are.”  She pointed at the amber monitor readout on her desk and looked back at the employee.
“You’re from Luna?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“You don’t have to call me ma’am, you’re older than me.”  She pointed to her name tag, which stated “Amber Gordonsen.”
He nodded at her, without trying to stare at her chest; she was nicely overdeveloped.
“Thank you, Amber.”
“My pleasure.  If I could have your service firearm, I’ll then escort you down to the conference room.”
He handed over his Punisher without any question, and gave her the ammunition clips as well.
“Excellent, follow me.”
Jon tried to not be directly behind her, he knew that her skirt was short for a reason and she had been promoted for it.  Walking behind and to her left, she led him and would not stop smiling.
“Jon, you ever notice that you try to hide your ring from others when you’re around women?”
Taking his left hand out of his back pocket, he stated, “no.”
“Its understandable, a lot of men feel threatened by me.”
Amber Gordonsen is probably the descendent of mogul Sam Gordonsen.
“You do a fine job, here.  I’ve never had to escort you off premises, Amber.”
She tilted her head back and laughed.  “It said that you were Level Six security, so you’ve pretty much kept everyone safe around here.”  She looked back at Jon, but only to look him in the eye and see if she could lock into his.  She wanted to have that power over him.
Jon smiled at her and winked, “you’ve given me every chance to be a good servant.”
“Where are you when I need someone like that?”
“Like what, a servant?”
“You take that attitude in your personal relationships, don’t you?”
“Amber, by being a servant, I prove to others that I can lead.  A good husband, a good role model, and a good man.”
“So I guess you don’t have any thoughts that are impure.  Don’t want to get caught like Daddy Enoch?  Well, not with me, do you, Jon?”
A nervous chuckle.  The left hand dived into the rear pocket.
She touched his shoulder and gestured with her other arm.  “The meeting is in here, Jon.  When you get some time, lunch, maybe?”  At once Jon felt personally attended to, and a small uncomfortable sensation in his chest.
Is this workplace harassment?  Jon shook the question with, it’s not worth the trouble.  She released her grip on his shoulder and Jon felt like he had been sincerely fondled.  That was odd.
He walked past her and entered the large rectangular room.  At one end of the room was Supervisor Grace Alison, flanked in the seats by Manager Raymond Deveroux, and Shift Supervisor Alex Young.  The other ten seats on each side of the table were empty.  A security specialist like himself was at the far end of the room, relaxed and at the ready.
“Please, enter, Jon.”  Misses Alison stated.  She gestured at the opposite end of the room and he complied.
“Thank you,” he took his seat.
“Jon, we’re giving you a promotion today, if you’re up to the challenge of taking it.”  Manager Deveroux, who had never spoken to Jon before, seemed like he wanted to get right to the point.
Jon nodded, his face grinning.
“It is a promotion, with a pay increase,” the woman stated.
Jon nodded again, this is catching, I’ll be smiling too much when I leave here and then Amber will ambush me and I will be in too good of a mood to say no to whatever she deems necessary.  I know how these corporate types are! 
“You’re traveling on attachment with Brian Stephenson.  You don’t have any commitments that would otherwise interfere with this assignment, do you?”
“When my wife is found, in any status, I would like to be alerted to it and relieved so I can join her.”
The three looked at each other and nodded their heads in agreement.
“That would be fine with us.  Would you be ready to leave by seven-thirty, tonight?”
“Allow me to pack some necessities.”
“That won’t be necessary, Jon.  The only thing you will need is your firearm, which to our knowledge is a Brotherhood weapon, and your vest and uniform.  Upon arrival, you’ll be getting a new uniform.”
“The firearm, it isn’t an issue, is it?”
“No, just that most of our operatives buy local merchandise.”

...pulling the assault armor off the dummy, he put his fingers in the holes created by his firearm.  “Find me something that will...”
His boss lowered the dummy and walked away, shaking his head....
“Stop my accuracy from being a problem.”

“Manager, may I have this afternoon off to go and relieve my things to others?  I’m getting the impression I wouldn’t see my apartment for a while.”
“Actually, we’ll take over the rent on it since we own the building and provide it to another man like you but less qualified.  The goods within it that are personal will be arriving at your new permanent address.  If you would like the rest of the afternoon off, then by all means, please do so.  Just be on the San Jose to Strausburg Rail Line at seven forty-five, tonight.”
Jon stood up and shook hands with the supervisory staff, then exited the building.

In his bedroom, he moved the stack of magazines aside in his dresser, and pulled out a manila envelope.  Opening it, he emptied the contents of it into the palm of his hand.  Two ten thousand crown coins fell into it.
He clanked them both together, the tiny images of Cardinal Durand the First smiling back at him echoed throughout the room.  Gathering a change of clothes and the rest of the ammunition he had for his punisher, he exited the apartment.
In the parking lot, he looked up at Deimos.  The green scrawled sign of Semai looked back at him.  I think Semai is the lord of the unclean, but my Dark Legion knowledge isn’t the best.  He shrugged his shoulders.
It was two in the afternoon, and he had a little time left.  Riding his bike to the communications plaza, he parked it in a handicapped spot, and walked inside the building.  All around, the walls, the ceiling; the murals of the famous pontiff leading Capitol and Brotherhood forces were omnipotent.  Moving past the lobby, Jon closed in on the communications store.
Crowded and filled with the stench of urine, Jon hated the communications plaza.  Quickly moving past people that had no business in public, Jon stumbled through.  Most of the homeless were beaten or destitute.  Some gave him sneering looks, as if Jon was the interloper.
Finding a booth, Jon braced himself against the door to prevent someone from opening it.  His fingers felt the rotary ring, and he dialed the 17-digit number for his mom’s home on Luna.  It was a slow process, and when the silence was broken, he couldn’t help but smile.
“Hello?”
“Mom!  Mom!  It’s your son, Jon   How are you?”
“Jon!”  The voice cracked, almost winking out, then came back to full force.  “How are you?  We haven’t received any news of how things are in San Jose.  How are you?”
“I’m fine, Mom.  I wanted to tell you and Dad that I loved you both.  I haven’t seen either of you in a couple of years and wanted to say that.”
“That’s nice, son.  You forgot me on Mother’s Day again.  Do you know that you’re the only son that forgot about me on Mother’s Day?”
“No, Mom, I entirely forgot what day it was for those on Luna.  I was going to send you a present for Christmas.”
“Don’t bother, son.  The only thing that you can get me is a new oxygen supply company.  These people here just don’t know how to make an old woman happy.”
“Mom, I’m your son, I’ll do it.  Listen, how is Dad?”
“He misses you.”
“I’m sure.  I wanted to have you tell him that I’m getting another promotion.  I’m an escort now.”
“You mean you’re not guarding a hotel anymore?”
Jon laughed.
“Stop laughing at your mother, you forgot about me on Mother’s Day!”
“I’m sorry, Mom   They don’t tell us when Mother’s Day is around here, they rarely try to tell us when its payday around here.”
“That is enough of that.  Are you going to make a point, or are you wasting your money on the phone with me?”
“I’m done, Mom.”
“Did you ever start dating again?  Your little brother wants to know if you got back into courtship since your people can’t find your wife.”
A hard swallow and a pause, Jon looked at the phone.  Why do I bother calling you, again?
“Jon, are you still there?”
“Yeah, Mom.  No, I haven’t started dating again.  My wife is missing.  She’s been gone for three years, and I’m not losing hope on her.”
“Your brother wanted to know because he thought you had-”
“-turned gay.  That’s my brother.  Tell him not to worry about how I’m doing.  Listen, I have to go, I only brought a couple of grand for the phone call.”
“You be good, Jon.  And start dating again.  You’re the only one that hasn’t given me a grandchild.  I heard a rumor that before what’s-her-name disappeared that she actually was pregnant.  Is that true?”
Without answering, Jon put the phone on the cradle and walked out of the booth.  
As he tried to leave, an attendant of the building approached him.  “Sir, you owe fourteen thousand, three hundred crowns on that call.”
“Fine,” Jon plinked the coins in the mans outstretched and waiting palm.
The attendant looked at the two coins and was amazed.  “I thought I was going to have to arrest you, but you’re actually going to pay.”  He opened his belt pouch and pulled out coinage to place in Jonathan’s hand.
With the change being returned, Jon returned to his bike parked outside.  On the loop, he couldn’t make the bike go fast enough in anger.  Directed at his mother, he could only hear her repeating the harsh words that she always had for him, since he met Katrina, his wife.  “She’s a nice woman for someone else.  Can’t you marry someone from Capitol?”
Why not ask me if I’ll miss you when you die, Mom?

- 2 -
Alexander Collins looked across the parking lot.  A man was pulling up on his street bike, dressed in Capitol Security gear.  A woman was rummaging around her sedan, getting a child ready to move.  A train was pulling into the station, which meant lots of noise and soot would be in the air.  Enough for everyone to find something to build terror upon.
Alex was a Heretic of Semai, and his clothing showed that.  The sigil itself of the Apostle was on the coat.  A long black trench, which was unbearably hot in the Mars heat in San Jose, complete with a leather bandolier wrapped around him to provide extra assistance should the authorities be a little too forthcoming.  The Heretic of the Corrupted was ready.
He opened his radio on the team frequency.  His comrades in the station were waiting, and more were in position to go to ground level off the site and provide more harassment until his assignment was complete.  The entire assignment was to ‘cause a ruckus’, in those words, from his superiors.  
“Omega, the scene is not set.  Do not engage.”  The radio chatter was not making Alex happy.
“What is the zero?”  Angry over the channels, he couldn’t hide his disgust.
A few moments passed by.  To Alex, high on the narcotic ‘nuclear’, it felt like long drawn out minutes.
Alex peered up, as a advertising billboard rotated through a new series of commercials.  His patience was growing thin, and he listened to the others on the channel.  The team was getting into position.  His arms flexed, and he danced on the balls of his feet.  The necro-bionic legs were ready to feel the rush of excitement, and his Skulak hung along his waist and touched the ground when he stopped dancing about.
“Zero is two minutes,” was the static-filled reply.
“I’ll provide cover, copy, the zero is one minute.”  Alex smiled.
“Negative.  Zero in two mikes.”
Alex reached to the knob, and shut it off.  “My call.”

Jon dismounted from the bike, and in an act of kindness to its next possessor, laid his helmet and keys on the gas tank.  If it is here when I return, so be it.
He noticed about forty other people in the lot, and roughly seven hundred to eight hundred cars in the this section of the terminal parking.
To his right, a blonde twenty something with no ring on her left hand was scooping out the materials needed to mother her baby, who was crying from the heat.  Her blue pantsuit and Valley Forge Insignia identified her as a chemical engineer.  Jon pulled his own left hand out of his pocket and continued on, feeling only the weight of his firearms and ammunition on him.
Above, a Capitol Cola advertisement started.  The beautiful maiden opened her can of carbonated bliss and swallowed hard.  The can rotated about on the screen.
This must be a variant commercial, I’ve never seen this one before.  Jon touched the side of his nose, and felt a sharp *twisting sensation* in his gut.

The maiden looked out to those in the audience and opened her mouth to speak.  Rows of needle-sharp teeth filled her once pretty mouth and her forked tongue flicked about.  Holding the can of ‘Cannibal Cola’ to the screen, she bellowed in an unholy roar “Now with pure evil!”
Jon watched the side of the skyscraper with his mouth agape.  The commercial ended, then the advertising medium went totally blank.
Inside the terminal, still a block away, a dozen cries of panic resounded.  Security forces were scrambling to gather their firearms and proceed into the station.  Gunfire ripped open one of the guards as he took a few steps down into the station from an unknown portion of the stairwell.
To his right, he heard a scream, a feminine one.  He looked over to see the blonde looking upward, and out of his peripheral vision, he saw the shadow around him losing size.  He looked up too, to see a shower of sparks as the advertising media was ripped from the side of the building.  The commercial viewing was over, as the billboard was ripping itself free of the structure.
Jon sprung up on the hood of a car and loped across the vehicles to get closer to the pair.  Lifting his legs, he slid down a windshield to the hood of an Asparita Classic, where the heat could be felt under his uniform.

The woman continued to scream, her baby in her arms, but feet rooted in place.
Jon sprinting between the bumpers, made his way quickly to the blonde with the child in tow.  Scooping the child into his left arm, he grabbed the woman by his right and began to hop between the cars.
The shadow was getting very small now.
“Come on,” he urged, his grip on her arm tight.
The sign hit the parking lot, and a wall of dust radiated out from it.  Cars bent, moaned, and crumpled, and sirens from theft protection began to wail.  The woman wiggled free of his grip, while his legs pumped furiously.  He brought his free arm under the child, still running with the dust swirling around him.
Jon reached the edge of the parking lot, and looked back.  Four to six wisps of smoke came from the parked vehicles.  The sign covered scores of them, the support beams that were once hidden behind its surface now standing upright or bent, probing skyward.
The child began to cry.  Jon jostled his arm, trying to quiet the child.  
No mother to be seen.  To his left, between himself and the entry point into the train terminal, a man was standing in a long black trench coat.
Jon set the child down, between a curb and car, hidden from view.  “Sh, I’ll be right back, little fellah.”
Standing again, he looked to the strange man in the trench.  It must be over ninety degrees here, and you’re in a trench coat.  Jon looked around the rest of the parking lot.  Not many people were moving around.
From inside the train station, more gunfire erupted.
To the man in the trench coat, “are you okay?”
The man did not respond, but walked closer.
The wail of emergency service sirens could be heard in the distance.  Fire and police vehicles were on their way.
More people were standing up between the cars.  Shaken but mostly unharmed, they could do nothing more than glance about the midst of the car alarms going off.
The trench coat was walking closer.  He had some sort of firearm in his left hand, and his right hand was empty, but articulating gestures.
He’s got a gun!  Jon rolled to his left freeing his Punisher from his hip and getting one round squeezed out.  Rolling across the trunk of a vehicle, Jon stood to reassess the situation.
The man was no longer walking toward him, but he was still standing and trying to raise his left hand to draw a bead himself.
Another round, this time catching the man’s larynx.  His head lost stability and legs trembled.Collapsing to the ground, he twitched about.
Jon maintained his distance, and noticed the mans pant leg had rolled up somewhat.  Not flesh, but what appeared to be an alloy sheath of a leg, with black bile running in tubes alongside his calf.
Necrotechnology?  Jon wondered while the individual twitched madly.  His firearm discharged and Jon ducked instinctively.
More gunfire from the terminal, in lessening amounts.
He drew another bead on the suspect, this time, disarming his foe.  That should do it.  Jon kept his distance from the person on the asphalt.
A train whistle, long and drawn out.  Sirens from downtown making their way to the parking lot.  Soot wafted in the hot Martian breeze.
Something else caught the Capitol employee’s eye.  Jon walked back toward the billboard, laying on so many damaged vehicles.  A blood stained blue pantsuit was visible between the bumper of a sport utility vehicle and the debris of the billboard.
Jon knew better, but checked her pulse from her outstretched hand anyway.
“Clear,” one voice shouted from the terminal.
“All clear here,” another one followed.
A train was chugging out of the station, spewing sulfur into the air.
Emergency vehicles were now visible on the streets, in the congested traffic, and much louder than before.
Jon made his way back to the child, and waited for the emergency medical services personnel to spill into the parking lot like ants from their vehicles and begin the extrication of those trapped.  Until then, he had the child resting on his hip, and looked at the train station, waiting.

- 3 -

To Strausburg the train chugged through the terrain of the badlands.  Rocky crevices, numerous ledges and high mountaintops flanked the tracks on the eastern side of the observation car.
Outside, it was getting dark and the desert night would be cold.
Jon didn’t see many other passengers in the cabin.  Seventeen seats out of the forty were occupied.  A pretty woman from Capitol, probably a shareholder due to her dress and jewelry, sat across the isle from Jon.  In front of him, the man that he suspected was Brian Stephenson, cleaned and polished his shoes.  Another day in the life of a capitalist.  Save a baby and ride a train.
Jon stood up, his stomach growling at him.  Walking to the front of the rail car, he bent down to nudge the conductor who had drifted to sleep.
The man stirred and looked at him.  “May I help you?”  His eyes drifted to Jon’s holster which hung on the outside of his security uniform.  Sitting forward in his chair, he looked at Jon from boots to collar.
“Which car is the kitchen in?”
“Oh, yes.  Its three cars up, and they should have something available for chewing on.”
“Thanks, get some sleep.”
“You’re most certainly welcome.”
He sat back and relaxed his posture.
Jon slid open the door and for a brief minute was between the two cars, looking to either side of the rails.  It was a desolate sight, rocks and plains as far as the eye could see.  Even as the hot desert wind blasted him, Jon found a reason to not take it personally.
When he was a child growing up on Luna, the school had instructed the masses that long before the Capitol Corporation had settled around the Great Dune Sea of Mars, they had seeded the planet for centuries with lichen and small plants with satellites launched from Earth and various space stations, beginning the process of terra forming long before Jon’s ancestry became aware of the fact that their planet of origin would be left behind for a new home.
Entering the next railcar, Jon walked past the seats, keeping his hands up so they didn’t drag on the cushions.  Not many people swivelled their head to look at the man in a security uniform.
The railcar beyond that had a dark-haired man in white robes with a few men in well-tailored suits gathered around him.  As Jon drifted by, the comment was made “oh, I guess we should feel safer on here.  Even your security people wear our fine Brotherhood pistols.”
A few laughs and chuckles and Jon was moving between the cars again.  The tracks below him blurred by as he exited the hot blast of sandy wind into the tiled floor of the café car.
Looking at the menu, Jon deduced that a hamburger and fries would be just fine.  “I’ll have the usual,” he leaned on the silver rimmed counter and looked at the bar stools.  It was the retro feel that struck Jon the most, as the greasy smell of the kitchen was perfumed about the car.  The sizzle of soy patties and potatoes frying in batter, which was an apparent throwback to a time before Jon was a twinkle in his father’s eye.
The waiter nodded and asked “what do you want to drink, sir?”
“Cola, whatever is usual.”  Rule of grading fast food joints, number one.  If the usual combination isn’t something that you recommend to someone then don’t go back for the up-sized items or the more extravagant meals they offer.
“That will be four hundred fifty crowns, sir.”
Jon nodded and fished his crowns out of his pocket and waited for the change.

Wiping his napkin across his lips, he felt the greasy monster slide down his gullet.  Jon smiled.  Picking the last few fries, he dripped them in the dropped mess of ketchup and onions that came loose when he held his sandwich vertically.
“Not bad, for train food.”  He swivelled his hips on the barstool and noted that the car had emptied except for himself and the staff behind the counter.
The cabin door slid open and the robed individual and his retinue of followers came through.  
“Hey, we’ll be safe in here, folks.”  One of the lackeys stated spotting Jon.
Jon put his napkin down and continued to stay seated.
The robed individual moved to pat Jon on the shoulder.  “Excuse our comments, we’re just -...”
“-don’t worry about it.  But please, don’t touch me.”  Jon nipped it in the bud.  
The robed man nodded and went back with his friends.
Looking out the window, the pyramids were visible in the distance.  Almost out of the badlands, the rock and wicked landscape were thick.  The train started its ascent into the hills.
“So, if I’m with you and I commit adultery, would I be able to immediately confess to you and not have to attend ceremonies?”  One of the suits asked his polite companion.
“I won’t forgive you, you had choices that you took.  You have to acknowledge the fact that you did wrong in the Lord’s eyes and ask him for forgiveness.”
The four seated themselves in the only booth, and Jon felt himself listening to the holy man try to wriggle free of responsibility.
“But I see you for forgiveness, don’t I?”
“Did you ask the Lord to forgive you on the trip to the temple?  Did you spend your subway ride to mass looking at the woman’s legs in front of you?  Or did you look at one of our media people and fantasize about her right before you entered the Bastion of the Devine?”
Shocked, “its choice, right?”
“Every time you make a conscious decision, and habit is formed from that.”
“Excuse me, so what is your job then?”  Another suit asked.
It seems like they’re not attached to each other, but humoring themselves with the holy man.  Jon didn’t realize it but he was leaning back on the stool.
“Its my job to merely be the vessel, the conduit for you to talk to the Lord if you’re scared to have a conversation with him yourself.  The Brotherhood doesn’t want you to forget religion, or start practicing something not sanctioned, mind you.  We merely would prefer if your peers and family members would take a bit of ownership for their actions and really truly mean what they say, so the next week at confession I don’t have to hear the same bull from the same individual.”  The robed man looked to another companion.
“Okay, what is your job?”  Another asked.
“Yeah, what do you do?”
“Well, you’ll find this easier to believe after I tell you what I don’t do.  I don’t do interrogations, that’s the will of our pontiff to be performed by inquisitors.  I don’t minister to the masses, that is the role of our evangelists.  I don’t go into gangland neighborhoods of megalopolises, and hide in the shadows and gather intelligence on heretics and Dark Legion movements.  That is what we pay our revisers to do.
“I am the tactical element that causes people’s heads to explode or demons to erupt in flames.  It’s my duty to remain near an inquisitor on assignments designated as cleanse and burn, and to provide a artillery style edge to our small unit squads.”
“So you use the Gehenna Puker?”  
“No, I use magical gifts which I have unlocked through time and study at various holy sites of learning.”
“You are telling me that you’re a holy magician?”
“I know what you are thinking.  It sounds ludicrous.  But our history of fighting demons on the beachheads of this planet can only point to the fact that indeed we have a holy war going on behind the scenes of everything that is present.”
“Mike, this is crazy.”
“Robert, I agree with you.”
The three prepared to leave their table, and the robed man leaned back in his stiff chair.  “If we didn’t have it going on, then why did we lose the settlements on Deimos and Phobos.  What happened there?  Do you believe it was the secular talkers stating that we live in a world androgynous from religion?  Do you really think that a ignorant mind will be enough to disregard what we have going on here?  Why do the signs of the dark soul leer down at us from the moons of Mars?”
One of them sat, as the other two made their way to the door, one turned to Jon.  “Its probably a good idea to put a bullet in him, or maybe a clip.  The Cardinal’s ranting has really put him under a spell of insanity.”
“Maybe so, but I believe him more than I would a man in a nice suit like that wears shoes fit for the garbage.”
The pair left.
Jon stood to join the holy man and the remaining individual.  With an outstretched hand, “Security Specialist Grier.  May I sit?”
“Umberto Gambino,” the zealot gripped Jon’s wrist in warrior fashion.  “Please.”
“Would you talk a little more about what you do?  I’ve known that the Brotherhood had a magical directorate.  I was interested in that and before the ridicule started, I thought it would be a good idea to stop being so obvious in my eavesdropping.”  Jon drank from his carbonated drink.
The suit handed his business card to each of them, and proceeded to shake their hands.  “Ernie Fallows, sales representative for Home Foundation.  Please excuse my shoes and my companions; both are company issued.”
That raised a chuckle from the table.

As Jon took his seat, the train began its descent into Strausburg Station.  He looked to the woman across the isle.
She looked back at him.  “Emily Gray.  I’m Brian Stephenson’s secretary.  I am supposed to gather you and a few others and wait at the station.  He’s on the train, probably schmoozing it up in first class with some socialite bimbo.”
“Glad to know you like men,” Jon nodded at her.
“Oh trust me, Brian I like.  I like to think of him like a boil.  Every time I sit down, I get reminded of him.”
How can someone so professional looking like yourself be someone without tact?
The train chugged into the suburbs and its whistle was heard about the neighborhoods.  Jon looked out the window and commented, “the houses here look a little different than the vertical high-rises of San Jose.”
Emily fumbled in her purse.  “It is a little different here, mainly we have a lot of Capitol people like us, but the town is ran by Bauhaus.  It’s their community that we just happened to move in to because of the safety.”
“What am I needed here for?”  Jon pulled the blinds down and looked back at Emily to see her putting bullets into a clip.
“Trust me, we need you, and about ten more of you.”  Her voice sounded like gravel.
He nodded.
“It’s a safety thing, and I like the idea of you here.”  She started loading another clip.
“You use a Punisher as well?”
“I have to hold it two-handed, Jon.  The damn thing will take my artificial shoulder out if I don’t.  I like the gun.  I keep it in my purse next to my checkbook.”
The steam engine whined and the whistle blew.  The scenery outside was moving slower.  In thirty minutes the train was nearly at a crawl.
Jon walked forward into First Class.  As he entered the car, an attendant attempted to stand in his way, until Jon flashed his ID and badge.  “Please, I need to see my client.”
The attendant nodded and sat back into the plush seat.
Like Emily stated, there were a couple of women that were of exceptional looks flanking a man that could only be described as a broker.  One of the women was a blonde, with classic features. Her companion was a red head with an aloof appearance.  They giggled at everything he said to them and he seemed to get a rise out of verbally pleasuring the two.  His cuff links occasionally hid the bracelets that he wore, which glittered in an attractive way.  All three were facing forward in the high-backed leather seats.
For a moment Jon did not want to be his protector, but instead wanted to be a friend.  Brian’s smile was white and teeth were perfect, his laugh was sincere, and he had the look of someone who could afford frivolity when so many clawed for survival.  Brian was the typical client, and for Jon to actually perform impeccably, Jon would have to see Brian as a brother and a critic.
One of the women looked at Jon and smiled courteously at him, then nodded to Brian and then to Jon again.  Brian looked behind him and saw Jon standing silently and patiently, his fingers and thumb touching as the client was allowed his activity.
“Are you Jon Grier?”
“Yes, are you Brian Stephenson?”  Jon extended his hand to shake his clients.
“Indeed,” he took the hand and shook it.  As he did, he peered at Jon’s waist.  “Two clips fully loaded and a Brotherhood issue Punisher pistol.  My benefactors know how to keep me safe, don’t they?”
Jon smiled.  His client’s grip was firm, but his belly was more prominent than he would have thought.
“Jon, have a seat somewhere in here and when the train comes to a halt, accompany me the rest of your time on this endeavor, will you?”  Brian looked worried for a moment, then attempted a smile.
Jon nodded graciously.
“While I’m thinking of it, have this tracer.  I’ve got a homing device in my sunglasses which are always in my pocket.”  Brian handed Jon a handheld PDA, complete with rangefinder registering less than a foot.
Jon placed it in his front pants pocket.  Seated, he could hear one of the women listening to Brian; hook, line and sinker.  The other was silent and only provided occasional verbal feedback.
This wasn’t how it usually worked, as he could hear Brian trying to gain the detached one’s attention and it sounded worse by the minute.  She was upset possibly by Jon’s presence, which was a good possibility if the women were plants.  Both were attractive but supple looking.  Jon drew his Punisher and heard a seat get bumped behind him.
The attendant clearly did not like the idea of a drawn weapon in the train car.
Outside, the commercial district of Strausburg was creeping past.
If there was something that was going to happen, it would be now.  Jon listened further, hearing one woman talk about how her schedule was.
“..then later around noon, I should be available for something, if I’m not dead tired.  Oh, wait, tonight I have a gala to attend because of a new film coming out...”
No sound from the other female.
Jon stood up, and walked to where the three were seated.  He put his firearm in its holster before he revealed himself to the three.
The personal address system hummed to life as the conductor gave an announcement.  “Hello passengers.  Welcome to the sprawling city of Strausburg, and we would like you to be courteous to our passengers on our next trip if you’re departing here, to please pick up any items which you have placed around your sitting position.  We’ll be in the station in less than a minute, and in ten minutes we’ll be pulling out of the station.
“For those of you that were involved with any situation in San Jose before your departure, there are some authorities with some minor demands waiting for you at the station.
“Thank you for riding on the Iron Home Rail Line, and we’ll see you soon.”
Jon knelt down to address the three quietly.  “Brian, when we arrive, I’ll need to get instruction from the authorities due to what happened in San Jose.”
One of the women was startled as he presented himself to them.  The other, presumably the bored one, looked on Jon like he was a savior of the moment.
Brian nodded and stood up.  Reaching for his coat, he was assisted by the two women.  As he straightened his sleeves, the blonde handed him a business card and mouthed “call me” to him.
For a second, a minor pain in Jon’s gut ignited, then was extinguished as the train engaged the brakes sparingly to stop.
The neon and phosphorus lighting of the downtown area were blinding almost to the early morning sky.  As the energy from the vibrant nightlife spilled into the railcar, the red haired woman stated “it’s a shame to arrive now and have to go to a hotel room.  Any of you game for a few hours of revelry?”
Brian snorted in response, “what would you do that for, you’d be missing out on the fun at my room.”  The blonde gripped his arm and kissed him on the cheek before she grabbed her purse and waited for the doors to open.  The redhead waited at the door and glared at Jon the remainder of the train ride.
The amber bands of sunrise were beginning to appear, and many of the signs began to turn off.  Bars and taverns began to close their operations for the morning.
- 4 -

Jon walked from the two Bauhaus authorities smiling.  “I’m ready.  Sorry about the hold up.”
“You took action against the Heretic attack in San Jose, yesterday?”  Brian looked at his bodyguard with a slight air of respect.
Jon nodded and motioned to exit.
Emily looked at her watch.  “I can’t believe its after six in the morning, people.”
“We’ll get some sleep, and at noon be off to assemble the others that we’ll be needing for everything.”  Brian could sound authoritative when needed, but he would slip right back out and become boyish immediately after.
Both Emily and Jon nodded, and watched Brian’s eyes follow a shapely woman out of the station.  Neither of them said anything to each other, but Emily winked at Jon.
The tens of people coming or going were starting to turn into hundreds.  Bauhaus features were prominent on many, but the dark complexion of the minority Capitol population was active more in the morning.
Stepping off the escalator, the three wove their way to the West Lot.  Cars and busses lined up to pick up passengers, and hundreds more were parked waiting for owners to return to them.
The crowd was getting thick.
Ahead, a limousine pulled up and a large blonde-haired man stepped out.  He pulled a cardstock sign out of the front seat and held it.
“Stephenson is me, sir,” Brian stated.
The sign was placed back into the car, and Emily gave a low whistle.  “How much did his hair cost, I wonder.”  It was platinum blonde.
“True blondes are extinct, have been for centuries,” Jon stated.  “We’ll buy anything if it will help us accentuate what we aren’t.  How many women at the station here have boob jobs?”
Brian and Emily both chuckled.  
Jon looked at the limousine driver as he watched the porters haul the luggage into the trunk.  The driver was a stately fellow, with a broad build and large hands wrapped in tight leather gloves.  His jaw did not move, nor did he speak.  His attire was right, but his posture was wrong.  Too militaristic.
Finally, he looked at the license plates on the vehicle.  YJ 400C were the plates.
Brian was taking his coat off when he noticed Jon examining the driver.  “Do you make it a habit to annoy everyone around you?  Felicia was pissed when you made your presence known on the train.”
“She yours?”
“No, but I demand an apology from you that you won’t go out of your way to irritate everyone that is around me because you’re paranoid.”
Jon folded the incident documents under his arm.  “Why do we have a former special forces Bauhaus operative driving us around a community?”
“This town is ran by Bauhaus.  Don’t you ever think that for once, not everyone is wanting to knife you in the back?  I’ve known you for less than five minutes and I’m thinking they really went out of their way to piss in my oatmeal.”
Emily Gray arrived, lip gloss in place and cigarette dangling from her mouth.  In the dry morning air the older woman looked beautiful in a matronly way.
Brian looked at her and the scorn oozed out of his pores.  “Please tell me you’ll not do that on the ride to the hotel, right?”
Their attention was directed to a new voice, booming about the train station valet parking.  “Help a career veteran of the military!  Help a cripple!  All I ask for is your sincere generosity!”  A bum, less than five feet away, called out to the masses with his tattered clothing and rat-eaten hat collecting pence.  “Help a victim of the Dark Symmetry!  Help a fellow man   Help me get another meal!”
“Brian, you’re right.  I should be thinking of others.”   She walked away from her employer for a moment, then spun on her heel and extinguished the fag on the bums forehead.
The bum screamed.  He scrambled to his feet, still screaming.  Stumbling over others in his way, he held his hat to his chest.  Finally his legs began to pump while he dropped coins with every step.  His screaming was drowned out by squealing tires.
“Sure, Brian, I’ll help your suffering.”
“That is our ride, folks.”  Brian nodded his head in the vehicle’s direction.  They piled into it quickly.

As it whipped about, the wheels smoked.  Coming to a rest, the driver hopped out. Opening the door for Brian, he muttered with a thick accent “I don’t do luggage,”.
“Jon, you heard the man, get my luggage.  Pray that you don’t irritate it, as well.”
Brian stepped out along with Emily and Jon.  Jon walked to the back of the limo to retrieve the suitcases, smile on his face.
Emily asked Brian, “do I get a porter, too?”
“That is something that you’ll have to be very nice about.  For now, I’m saying no.”
Jon hefted the luggage to the elevator door, and only then spun about to see where Brian was.  Emily was next to the driver, eyeing him like a butcher examines beef.  A twisting sensation occurred in Jon’s stomach, and he dropped the luggage.
The driver was facing Jon and looked to see Jon going for his ammunition clip and weapon.
The driver ducked into the limousine, as Emily realized that something odd was going on.  Jon strode past her to find Brian behind the limo counting crowns.
Brian looked at Jon, who had his weapon in hand and safety was most assuredly off.  “What the hell is wrong, Jon?  Are you bugging out that much?”
“I have a bad gut feeling about this.”  The sensation would not go away.
“Well, where does your gut instinct feel worst at?”
“It doesn’t matter, lets get a new hotel.”
“You can’t just say that after Capitol spent twenty thousand on the night for you, me, and Emily ”
“Brian, I ask you questions about how Capitol works, I’ll listen.  Until then, anything I say about personal safety, you take heed,” he talked over his shoulder, eyes panning through the garage.
The knot subsided, and he lowered his gun.
“Jon, you’re being a serious prick.”  Emily inserted her lit cigarette in her mouth again, and tried to peer up into the driver’s seat to see what the Bauhaus man was doing.
“You two walk with me to the elevator, I don’t trust this place.  I advise that we have other sleeping options.”
“And you are not in charge of this operation, Jon.  We are staying here, end of discussion.”
Brian grabbed Emily out of the limo and walked to the elevator.  “Hey Big Guy, come get this luggage.”
A soft ding echoed through the garage.  The elevator doors opened and two Mishima women smiled from the inside.
A powerful blast stung his ears, Jon whipped his head back to see Emily’s body get flung back from the elevator.  His legs pumped to get out from behind the limo and to assist Brian.
Brian ducked around the corner of the elevator exterior to avoid a line of sight from the two women.  “Dammit I’m gonna hate it when you’re right, Jon ”
Jon noticed the two targets were armed with some sort of high-caliber weapon.
 The limousine rocked as the driver seemed to shift it into a gear other than ‘park’.  Jon leaped out of the way as the car roared with both tires grabbing the concrete and careening in reverse out of the parking garage.  The limo was amazingly agile.Picking himself up, Jon looked at the driver of the limo, who was concerned with getting the vehicle out into safety.  It was a moment before the car disappeared out into the city and Jon spun around to see what was going on at the elevator.
Emily lay on the floor, her blood spilling about.  Brian was nowhere to be seen, but another smear of blood was on the doorway to the elevator.  
Jon gritted his teeth, if I just go up the hotel looking for trouble, then they’ll be better prepared for this.  I am not going to take bait and go up blindly.
Boom.  The entire garage shuddered, and an explosion was felt.  Jon put his hands on his firearm and clips, to make sure that he had everything.  Boom.
“What the...” Jon’s voice was cut short by a third explosion.  This one closer.  I don’t remember hearing about troop movements.
Dust started coming off the ceiling.
He left the luggage behind to enter the stairwell.  Lights flickered and Jon ascended the steps by twos.
On the exterior of the second floor above ground, Jon surveyed the action.  A battalion was on its way into town.  Anti-air batteries streaked white death and the ripping explosions punctuated the rhythmic death above.  A squadron was preparing to assault the town from above with only a handful of defensive batteries active.
The low rumble of treaded tanks and the high-pitched whine of the engines was what caught Jon’s ear.  The aircraft above were performing strafing runs on blocks to the east.  People were spilling out of the buildings and complexes by the tens.  The tanks were mobile enough to be wreaking havoc on a grand scale.
With the echoes came the rapid hiss of self-propelled ordinance.  Rockets slammed into outlying sections of the city.  Flames and smoke added to the chaos as Jon observed it for a moment.
A dirigible floated harmlessly above the administrative district of the metropolis.  The words “EVACUATE TOWN” kept repeating on the crawl.  No other images were on the blimp.
A pair of aircraft, which were not identifiable in the morning, broke from the main assault, and ripped the hydrogen tank open.  Barreling underneath the huge airship, they banked about to rejoin their air group.
You better go get Mister Stephenson and get out of Dodge, partner.  This fracas is about to intensify.
The blimp nearly engulfed itself instantaneously.  The steel skeleton underneath visible in the moments following, began to plummet down into town.
Jon didn’t watch it scrape itself into the Capitol Banking building, but headed inside.  What is in my pocket?  He felt the bulge in his pants and removed the handheld console which Brian gave him.
The tracking device linked to his sunglasses.
Jon switched it on and after a self-check, it was usable.  He looked up the stairs and hoped that wherever Brian was, that the security was lax.

Brian felt his wrists get bound.  The blindfold was working, he couldn’t see a thing.  His ankles were bound as well.  He knew he was seated, now.
When the elevator doors shut, the two women proceeded to kick him like a freestanding heavy bag at a gym.
Crumpling to the ground and accepting his fate, he tried to keep the feet from getting to his face.  They didn’t go near it, concentrating more on his ribs and soft belly.  Old fashioned beat-downs don’t ever feel like a good continuing tradition.
Once the women had him roughly seated, they stopped treating him like a squib bag.  The taste of blood and crunch of a chipped tooth didn’t help the situation.
Brian felt especially bad.  I could use a bathroom break, maybe a laundry break while I’m at it.
“Comfortable, Mister Stephenson?”  A male voice inquired.
“Coffee and a piss bucket, please.”
The blindfold was removed so Brian could look at his interrogator.  It was what appeared to be a sales or business official.  From either Capitol or Imperial, it didn’t matter which.  Tall, angry, stately; all of these could be used on the thick jawed adversary that looked like he didn’t want to be here.
The room was overlooking the center of town.  What urban designs were available for tourism were visible outside.
“Look at me when I talk to you, Mister Stephenson.”
He was wearing a white collared long sleeve shirt, with the clip on tie secured.  Complete with suspenders and brown slacks, the hair parted down the left side, he presented himself like a low-rent mobster.
The officer smiled at the joke, then proceeded to a desk, which had only a mallet on it.  “Even the women you date say that you’re a smart ass in bed.  Ever wonder what it would be like to be taken seriously?”  The mallet’s head slapped his open hand repeatedly.
“Its been so long since I actually ran the bases and got to home plate,” Brian smirked.
The interrogator smiled and waved his left hand.  “My name, is Pain.  We’re going to be very close.”

In the lobby of the third floor, the two Mishima women were sitting with acquaintances.  A pair of gentlemen looked out the window, then back to the scene inside.  With their tank tops and black slacks, they leaned off the back of the large plush sofa.
The elevator ‘dinged’ softly, and four heads swivelled to the elevator.  One of the men stood up and drew his handgun.  A tiny thing, in his hand, he advanced as everyone else slowly stood.
In her native tongue, “this doesn’t seem right,” stated one of the women to her companions.  
A sound of fist hitting flesh came from the dinette serving as the interrogation room.  The four refocused their attention back to the elevator.



- 5 -

Jon walked along the ledge.  The wind wasn’t a factor in the three story view to the ground.  The constant pounding of the invading army ordinance was a factor.  The shelling seemed to be only a block away.
Steadying himself, he leaned to peer at the pane of glass.  Three quarters of an inch thick, still not enough to withstand rifle or Punisher fire.
Inside the room he was looking in, he could see Brian and what appeared to be a large angry man beating on his charge.  That was easy, just hit the elevator then walk up the side of the building and, BAM!  You get God to smile on you sometimes.
He pulled his pistol out and made adjustments for the glass.

Brian tasted his own blood for the first time in years.  “Damn that hurts.”
“Mister Stephenson,” the tormentor rubbed his knuckle, smearing the blood over his hand.  “I would like to know what it is that would send Capitol investigative units ten clicks north of the pyramids.”
Brian sucked on his lip.  “Couldn’t tell you if I did know.”
“So you do know   Excellent   Then what is it that is causing cultists of Semai to start in that direction as well ”
“I told you what I can, which means I couldn’t tell you if I did know about it.”
The tormentor grabbed Brian by the hair.  “You know that my father, the heavyweight liar of all, would think you’re lying?”
Brian tried to wince as hair was ripped from his scalp.  Opening his eyes, he saw Jon outside the window, on the ledge.  Jon’s gun was quickly in his hand, and Brian winced again.

Jon pulled the trigger and closed his eyes.
The glass shattered, and Jon opened his eyes to see the man in the suspenders lowering his hand.  Kicking the remaining glass out of his way, Jon walked in from the ledge.  He stood more than an arm’s length away from the man in the suspenders.  Suspenders was moaning, on his knees with a large wound in his left kidney.
Holding the punisher towards the interrogators head, he cocked the hammer.  Suspenders froze, and muttered a quick prayer.  Jon executed him with as much emotion on his face as peeling potatoes.  “Amen.”
Hearing footsteps outside the room, Jon pushed Brian in the chest, tipping his chair back off its legs and onto the floor.  Jon rolled backwards as gunfire ripped through the knob and locking mechanism of the door.  A moment after, another burst of gunfire ripped through the plaster an arms length to either side of the door.
These people are professionals, Jon thought.  A foot shattered the door inward and upon the attacker coming in, Jon let him have a round in the neck.  The young Mishiman fell over, gurgling and clutching the wound.
A second person hesitated on coming in, but his shadow gave away his position.
Jon strode three steps forward and had enough of a view of him to see the back of and left shoulder of the individual.  He spun back towards him in time to feel a round slam into their chest.
The round exited his back and shattered a ceramic vase behind him.
Two sets of feet were heard running out of the room beyond.  Jon listened, with his punisher at the ready.
The elevator doors opened, and both women exited the floor.
Jon looked at Brian, “stay quiet.”  He looked back to see the living quarters were empty.  The sofa was devoid of anyone.  The radio wasn’t hiding someone in its shadow.
Untying Brian, he looked at the three bodies.  One possible Imperial, two Mishima.  None of them had armor on their person.  Nobody expects trouble anymore.  “How much did this place cost?  Plaster allows easy demolitions to small arms fire.”
Looking at the pistols, Jon realized they were using their corporations equipment, which was mass produced cheaply.  Mishima expects craftsmanship to be at either pauper class or at nobility.  You get what you pay for.  He picked up the .45AP’s and handed one to Brian.
“Mishima weapons pierced the plaster, you really overpaid for this.”
“Did you get my luggage?” Brian asked.  He looked at the semi-automatic pistol and checked the clip.
Jon helped him to his feet, I can’t believe he just asked that.
“I asked, did you get my luggage?”
“Its still down in the garage below the hotel, here.  I hid it after figuring out that you were still in the building.”  Jon reached down and pulled the executive up to his feet.
“Well, we need to get it,” Brian looked at the ronin’s weapon.  “How many rounds are in this thing?”
“Enough to jam itself,” Jon reached over and clicked on the safety.
They waited at the elevator door, Jon forcing Brian to stand off to the side.  With a soft “ding,” the doors slid open and Jon’s eyes panned at shoulder level, then to the ceiling, then to the floor.
The ceiling of the elevator was amiss, the maintenance hatch was not fully closed.  Looks like we’re headed to the stairwell.
Leading Brian away from the elevator, he put his index finger to his lips.
Brian gestured to the elevator, looking annoyed that he wasn’t getting to use the elevator.
Another explosion rumbled through the floor, the ordinance hitting less than a block away.  The lights in the room dimmed, then to pitch black.
“What now?”
“Brian, quiet.”  Softly, red illumination was cast from the emergency lighting.  “Follow me.”

In the stairwell, the two clambered down from flight to flight.  The metal stairs were Spartan in appearance, contrasting with the plush opulence of the hotel.  Echoes from their footfalls rebounded about the dim red world of grated steps and platforms.
“Okay, what was it about the elevator that you decided to not use?  I’m a businessman, and something had you spooked about the elevator, Jon.”
Before Jon could reply, the sound of the third floor door opening echoed with them.
“That is the reason, Brian.  Get in front of me.”
Brian did not hesitate but followed Jon’s order.  Once he did he stood expecting to see Jon take aim and start putting holes in whoever it was that was following them.
A pair of women started down the stairs, semi-automatic pistol in one hand and a fan in the other.
Shoving Brian down the stairs, Jon didn’t want to waste a shot through the grating and not hit either of these targets.
They didn’t subscribe to that idea, and took aim.
Jon pulled Brian flush with the wall with both women opening up burst fire.
The first woman ripped three rounds off, sending sparks and bits of metal through the well.  The second woman imitated her and then swore loudly in Japanese, throwing her gun to the flight below her.
Brian took aim and Jon shoved his arms down.  
“Wait for a better shot to jam it up,” he ordered and then pointed to the door less than fifteen steps down.
Brian got the hint as both women began to take the stairs by the twos.  He sprinted to the landing, then to the door.  Shoving open the door, he looked back to see Jon looking up.
Now.  Jon waited for the first woman to be in perfect opportunity fire, and squeezed the trigger.
Brian heard a feminine scream, then Jon came through the door.  “Good shot.”  The echo of the garage comforted him.
“No it wasn’t, her friend won’t stop because of a thigh wound.”  Jon pulled Brian through the exit door.
The whine of engines outside the hotel caused both men to stop in their tracks.
“What is that?”  Brian asked, feeling stupid for not knowing.
“I’d say it’s a tank, complete with turrets and treads.”
To accentuate the point, the building shook.  Dust rained down on them.  The garage had not changed a bit in the hour they had been gone, Emily’s body still lay on the floor.
Jon pointed to the luggage and then checked Emily to see if she had an actual firearm on her.  Her watch read 8:52 AM.  He fished the clips out of her clothing, and pulled the one out of her Punisher.  “Rest in peace, Emily.”
Brian looked around the garage, seeing a few vehicles which would provide decent acceleration and speed.  Grabbing the luggage, Brian heard the door to the stairwell open.
Jon raised his weapon and stopped the assassin before she could step into the garage.
“You’re good, you know.”  He opened his luggage and pulled out some paper products to examine.
Jon came to his side.  “I’m trying to get my old pay rate back, Brian.”
“We have something higher than a level six for security forces?”
“It goes all the way to ten.”
Another series of explosions outside the hotel.
“Jon, can you hot-wire a car?”
He nodded.  Pulling a map out of Brian’s hands, he looked at it.  “We’re headed north?”
“For now, yes.  Do you have a better plan?”
“Actually I do.  We really don’t know who is attacking us, but it will provoke the Bauhaus to respond.  We’re dead if we stay here.  As much as I hate to say it, lets get to the cathedral.  A attack on the cathedral would provoke a response from the Cartel and everyone else involved with it.”
“If we hit the street now, we’re dead, Jon.”
Jon looked to the Renault Sport Classic.  It was a sleek and low two-seated piece of machinery, with five hundred horsepower stock.  He worked the door latch, and opened the passenger door from a seated position, leaning over the console in the middle.
Pressing on the clutch he ordered “get in.”

“Jon!  You’re going to get us both killed!”  Brian looked through the moon roof to see a pair of jet fighters soaring through the sky above.  They banked sharply about.
The mobilized cavalry couldn’t track the sports car through the densely packed streets.
“Brian, why are Imperial attacking a Bauhaus city?”
“Well, they’re really not attacking the city.  Its Imperial, and they’re doing a fine job of annexing a new territory.”
Yanking on the wheel to perform a 70 mile per hour turn, Jon tried to lean into the turn, but felt the car want to continue straight.  “So what is north that is so important?”  The car continued on into the city.
“Ruins.  Lots of ruins from the first crusade.”
“A citadel?”  Jon yanked the wheel and pressed on the brake, forcing them into an alley.  He saw the logo for “Capitol Goods” on the storefront.  It was an Everyman’s store, a huge multiple level big box store that was any other retailer nightmare, but the average Capolitan’s consumer dream.
“Can’t say if it is or not.  All indications say no.”
“What do you know about the Dark Legion, Brian?”  Jon rolled down the window to crack it.  The sound of whistling was heard distinctly.
He shifted the car as quickly as he could and the bricks above exploded into dust.
Brian looked worried as the car scraped along the road from the alley.  He closed his eyes and started with religion, “Oh Mother Mary, full of grace....”
Jon continued using the side and rearview mirrors.  “That wasn’t the answer to the question I was wanting.”
A bomb exploded nearby, showering the Renault with bricks.  The windshield cracked and fractured, dust from everywhere seemed to cloud the cabin of the car.  The wheels hissed flat and the car careened into the rubble to the left of it and violently stopped.
“Maybe we both should pray this time.”
“God helps those that help themselves.”  Outside, Jon couldn’t see much except for the dust cloud.  “We’ve got cover, can you get your door open?”
The roar of the jets screamed overhead.
“Is it a good idea to get outside?”  Brian looked like he had been kicked repeatedly.
“We’re going to die sometime, I just prefer to get paid for my services, first, Brian.  There should be some way to get into hard cover from here.  This dust cloud won’t be effective for long.
“What we need to do is get to that store, that big box that was behind us.  Its just a few hundred feet to it.  After that, we can get anywhere through the sewers.  I just hope they have a compass and map available in the store.”
“Jon, you’re saying we need to go in Everyman’s, and grab a compass and city map.  We’re stealing.  Then afterwards, we head into the sewers to get to the Cathedral?”



- 6 -

Imperial’s Mars forces, the 430th Cavalry Battalion entered Strausburg on the northeastern side of town.  Armored personnel carriers entered the residential sections, armed troops spilling from the rear.  From the rail lines to the north, a pair of cannons sat on a flatcar shelling the hydro plant on the Bastille River, shutting down power for the majority of the city.  In areas of the city that Imperial had spilled in to, residents of homes were rounded up block by block.  Those that ran that were seen in the morning sun were shot in the back, regardless of man, woman, or child.
On the incoming army’s playbook, homes and businesses that were of operational concern were outlined.  Specific homes and buildings of interest to Imperial.  Red circles on maps, and orders received by units on the ground and air.
The four lanes of Mars Highway 43 were packed with traffic, and the military leaders of the invading force did not send ordinance that way, as those were the citizens that would be back in a year to piece together their lives and pay taxes.
Above, a wing of fighters pounded the downtown and any vehicles that appeared to be high speed or possible military.  The airport was filled with burning wrecks of jets and ordinance, proof that the Imperial pilots had performed their duties admirably.
Bauhaus local nobility was in a state of shock.  Not since the outbreak of the new face of evil had another corporation blatantly treaded on its soil off Venus.  Wire reports were being fed to the pirate television and radio stations.  Primal network diaries were beginning to fill with hate and vitriol aimed at Imperial for doing what it did best:  Sudden strike actions that rendered a metropolis or site inoperable.

Inside the Capitol Goods store, they could hear others inside.  It took them a minute to have their eyes adjust to the low level of lighting.  Outside the dust cloud was starting to dissipate. 
Jon made Brian swivel his head to where the light from outside illuminated his face.  A head wound was making Brian’s face very bloody.  “Looks like a brick slid down the unhappy way here, Bri.”
“I’m bleeding all over myself aren’t I?”
“Yes.”
“You want to know something odd, Jon?”
“Sure, but if it is that had this been a Capitol town that we would have had infrastructure to deal with the invading force?  Sure, go ahead and be the man to the citizens of Bauhaus political power.”
“Jon, you need tact.”
Jon ventured to the restroom with Brian in tow.  The emergency lighting was on, flickering in the dark.  Turning on the faucet, no water came out.  Brian opened the first aid kit and pulled the gauze roll, scissors, tape, iodine, and alcohol out.  He then dipped some toilet paper in the commode and then began to wipe Brian’s face of blood before he bandaged up his friend.
“You know, Jon.  Some day, you’ll make a hell of a husband, and make someone happy.”
“If I swore, Brian, I’d tell you what to do.”
“That is something that I find odd about you.  You don’t swear much.”
“No.  Profanity is a weak mind’s attempt to be profane, Brian.  I feel like my brain is full of things that matter in life.  I don’t need to add in vocabulary that gets me fired.”
“Well, keep it up.  Its keeping me in check.”
“Not a problem, Boss.”
“It’s a shame about Emily.  She used to have a hell of a rack, Jon.”
Jon paused and looked at Brian in silence.  “She was old enough to be your mother.  Have respect for the dead, regardless.”
“You’re not gay, are you, Jon?”
Jon finished up bandaging the wound.  “I married a Bauhaus noblewoman some years ago.  I haven’t seen her in three years.  She was nine months pregnant when she went missing, and to my knowledge, nothing was ever found.”
Brian grinned, “noblewoman, eh?  Was she good in bed?”
Jon continued to wipe away the grime from Brian’s face.
The door cracked open and Jon shoved Brian into the stall and kicked his hips and legs out from underneath himself.  Before he hit the ground, the Punisher Pistol was in hand and he was ready to plug whoever it was.
“Security, can I come in the crapper?”
“Is it security?”  Jon took aim at the door, level with whoever’s chest it would be, or head if they were short.
“Yes.”
“Then why didn’t you identify yourself when we first entered the store?”
“We don’t have many people here and I didn’t see you come in.  Can I come in the restroom?”
Jon thought about it.  “No, I need to see some identification first.  Send it on the crack of the floor under the door.  If you enter without my permission, boom.”
The door shut and under it, a ID card was passed onto the green and black tile that looked worse for wear in the red lighting.
Jon reached to get it and looked it over.  Edward Cortez.  Twenty six years of age, prior military.  “Ed, I need your security card.  This only gives me basic information.  Who do you work for?”
“Kay Ee Dee Security.”  
“You mean Kill ‘Em Dead Security?”
“Yes.”
This just went to worse.  Jon put the card down and put both hands on the Punisher.  KED Security is notorious for hiring zealous individuals to protect a client, sometimes to the point where typical law enforcement gets involved to de-escalate a situation with a client and the populous.
“What does that mean, Jon?”  Brian’s shoes were all that was visible under the stall partition.
“If you think I lack tact then you haven’t met these folks, yet, Brian.”
“Aren’t all cops and rent-a-cops like that?”
“No, most cops are dumber than security, they just get paid more on average.  Granted, a security guy doesn’t have to know law, just his employers rules.”  Jon stood up.  “You want in, you can come in, Ed.”
Ed came in.  His photo did not look too much like his personal presence.  Short, stocky, and in the traditional red shirt with “KED” stamped on the back.  Ed looked like trouble.
“We’re not staying here long.”
“Jon, is it safe for me to come out?”
“No, there’s a war outside going on.  If you’re going to have an accident, have it in there.
“Ed, how are you?”
Ed wanted to shake Jon’s hand, but Jon’s right hand was on the grip of his handgun.  “I’m fine.  We’re about four strong, most of us work here and know the store well enough.”
“Then hold the store.  I’m taking my client to where I deem safe.”  Jon knew how he wanted to end the conversation.
“Can we come with you?”
“Absolutely not.  You’ll put us at risk.”
“We know the sewers pretty well, that is how we came to be here.”  Ed was trying to smile.
“You’re not coming with us.  Now do you need to use the crapper or not?”  Jon wanted no more of this man.
“You’re securing the bathroom?”  Brian asked behind the stall doors.
“Be safe and quiet, Brian.  Now Ed, you said you needed to be in here.  If you’re not going to use the facilities, I’m going to kick you out and continue to do first aid on my client.”
Ed nodded and opened the door.  “Just so that we’re able to speak in public, I–...”
Jon cut him off, “we’re not cool.  Don’t talk to me in public.”  Shoving him out, Jon put the wedge in the bottom of the restroom door and opened the stall door.
Brian, from a seated position, “can I have some privacy?”
“Ugh!”  Jon sat on the counter top, leaning back on the mirror in the red light.

- 7 -
Jon opened his eyes to see Katrina’s mane of hair fully in his face.  He pulled back and it hit him. Its dark in our room when its cloudy outside.  He pulled the sheets over his feet, they would get cold otherwise.
Katrina was pumping out the heat tonight.  Her eyes were flinching rapidly, and her breathing was shallow.  Jon pulled her closer and felt her arm wrap around him.  In a few minutes she would be in spooning position.
The clock behind her read 3:10.  Jon knew he wouldn’t get to sleep again.  Having no set schedule for a month, then a week off, would cause havoc with any body’s biorhythm.
Getting up and around the apartment meant that he would suffer from the neighbor downstairs.  That woman didn’t like any noises unless it was from the bedroom after ten at night.  He turned his face into the mane of hair that his wife possessed.
Her slim face turned to him.  “Hold me close while I dream, Jon.”
He smiled.  She started saying that after her 22nd birthday.  That was also when he proposed to her.

“–Wake up, Jon,” Brian nudged him.  “You fell asleep in a damn bathroom stall.”
“How long has it been?”
“An hour.  I fell asleep on the toilet as well.” 
“Don’t feel bad.  On my old job when there was adequate coverage we’d send guys on breaks for half-hour stints to watch their eyelids.”  Jon was only talking about a month beforehand.
“You’re serious, aren’t you?”
“Yes, I am.  Your face still needs some agents applied to it.”
“How do you figure?”
“We’re still going to the sewers.”

In the sewers, a three foot wide walkway ran down the midst of the tunnel, with the refuse drifting about underneath.  It was a hazardous place, because as they moved through, neither of them saw a ladder extending down into the filth for extraction purposes.
Brian couldn’t help but chuckle every time he heard his breath mask hiss.  It reminded him of a very dark and ominous bad guy in old media.  Looking at Jon through the night vision goggles, he sighed.  The green-tinted world was amazing.  Brian noted his companion’s demeanor was quieter while down here.  Tapping him on the shoulder, “what gives?”
“Well, we cleaned out about four clips of my firearm ammunition from that store.  I gave you a MP-105, which has fifty eight in the clip should things get really hairy.  But the entire time we’re in the store, the Kill ‘Em Dead guys were gone.
“They could either have gone out in the city, which looks like rubble in the administration district.  Or they came down here.”
“You didn’t like him, did you?”
“I hope I have to say this once.  I don’t like security guys that think their job is tantamount to the survival of the human race.  Granted, my job is to guarantee your survival.  Or whatever is in your briefcases.  Or whatever you deem necessary.”
“Jon, you know you shouldn’t have gone into civilian life, don’t you?”
“Actually, I chose this life,” he whispered.
Moving through the sewers, the two moved past numerous pools with fecal material in them.  Occasionally Jon would consult the map, then point where they needed to go.
“How long will it take us to get to the cathedral?”
“Down here, maybe eight hours,” was Jon’s cool reply.  Brian imagined that behind the goggles, Jon was tired.

“You ever see her before?”  Gregory asked.  The other recruits had talked about her before, finally Jon was able to see the raven-haired beauty that was the object of everyone’s desire.
Or just possibly an afternoon lustful thinking.
Looking down the balcony to the floor, the two seniors watched the physical education class.  The teenager was among fifty others like her, doing bends and stretches for the curriculum. 
“Her parents are Reds.  I couldn’t care less, but my parents would slay me if I even thought about dating someone out of the neighborhood like that.”  Greg couldn’t peel his eyes off her.
“She is nice,” Jon agreed.
“Nice?  I’d bang her like a screen door!”  Gregory’s whisper almost was too audible.
Jon pulled his friend off the balcony and they continued the wrestling practice with running drills.  After running the combatants two miles through the school, they were summoned by a whistle.
In the locker room, Coach Maynard walked about them.  “Okay, you scrubs, this is it!  In less than three weeks we’re attending the Luna Annual Games.  That means in three weeks we’ll be forgetting all about what losses we’ve had.
“I have only one request for you all.  I want you all to write down what it is that you want.  Go ahead, get your scraps of paper and write down THREE THINGS that you can’t have today, but can have in three weeks!
“Remember, these sheets of paper will be on your person for the next three weeks as well.  You’ll be asked by peers, teachers, fellow wrestlers, whoever it is, to tell them what it is you’re after.  You will either tell these people what it is, or you will be getting your ass handed to me in practice.”
Maynard was ruthless when it came to motivation.  Ninety decibels inside the locker room wasn’t enough by his standards, because he could still hear himself think.  These kids, these pimply faced kids, were all gathered around.  They were ready to go out and lose, right now.
He watched them write down the goals on the paper.
“Get up, Schneider.  Tell us one thing that you want.  You’re in the 45 kilo class.”
The boy stood up, barely thirteen.  Shaking, he began to speak, but Maynard put his hand on the boys shoulder.  He stopped shaking, and announced “I want a trophy, one taller than myself, in my room.”
The boys agreed.  One by one, they stood amongst the crowd in the locker room and announced what they wrote down.
Gregory watched Jon rise and winced.  “I want to win, once I have that, I’ll have everything I need.”  The crowd cheered, and Jon continued.  “Once I get that, I can get my hands on whatever I want.”
Gregory clapped his friend on the back when he sat.  “Like a set of boobies that I saw today, right.”
Jon shoulder nudged his friend.
“How long have you been in the nasty side of security, Jon?”
“Its been a while.  I’d say around ten years.”
“How old are you?”
“Thirty two.”
“Damn Jon, you look haggard for thirty two.”
“After I get some sleep, a suit, and a meal in me, I’ll look five years younger.  Everyone says I have a baby face.”
“I can’t see it.  Every time I’ve been able to watch your face when it comes time to pull the trigger on something, you look like you age a year.”
“Its not a happy vocation, that you see me do, is it?”
“I always thought security guards just walked rounds or logged traffic.”
“They do.  They always will, in your mind.  I’m really just a Fury Elite trained guy that happened to wander into this job that I have now.”
“You were part of the Brotherhood?”
“You’re never ‘ex-Brotherhood’, Brian.”
“Why didn’t you stay?”
“It wasn’t my choice, and if you’ll be so kind, new subject.”

Jon felt his friends ankles resting on his shoulders.  In push-up position, Jon was at the ready.
“Maggots, you have one full minute to do these drills.  I expect you all to stay in cadence with each other.  If you can’t do push-ups with your partners feet on your shoulders, maybe some Vagicream will help your aching body.  I won’t accept failure.”
Coach Maynard started to count.  On demand, Jon let himself down, then pressed up.
“Did Cardinal Durand say its too tough?  No, he slogged it out and took his fight to the citadel.  Did Big Bob Watts think that heavy weapon operations are a chore and painful?  No, he loves seeing people get hurt!  You have to think that same way!
“No pain is worth you losing a fight.  No pain!”
Jon attempted to listen to Maynard, but his body was shaking.
“I see a lot of men in pain when they go out and die.  They’re thinking of everything that doesn’t matter the moment they’re got.  They aren’t thinking of how they’re going to rip out their opponents throat.  They aren’t thinking of how they’re gonna come home and come in a prom queen.  They’re thinking of how their socks are uncomfortable.
“That sort of thinking gets you shot!”

“Jon, what do you think of when you’re walking through sewers?”
“I laid that one right there,” Jon pointed in the muck.
Brian chuckled.  “Damn this thing is heavy, you got used to these?”  The MP 105 was known for being light and powerful.
Jon stopped to look at the straps on Brian’s goggles.  As he did, he heard a cough.
Jon crept down the ledge, away from Brian.
A ninety-degree turn was in the tunnel ahead, to the right.  From that turn, the sewage ledge occupied the entire left side of the tunnel.  Spillways from other avenues began to spill into the canal.  Side tunnels out of the goggles field of vision began to emerge, but the ledge offered those on the left a solid footing.
Jon looked at the map of the city and then the compass.  He was deep in the South Commerce District.  A few more hours of this at a quick step and he would be under the steps of the bastion.
Jon returned to Brian.  “Move, if there’s anything down here, it will be along the intersection which corresponds with the Gorgon Finance Complex.”
As they hurried their pace, the sound of gunfire erupted ahead of them.  Jon’s feet literally skidded as Brian lost his footing.  Catching Brian’s jacket, he steadied his boss.
“Shit, new plan?”  Brian was in panic mode.
“Yeah, anywhere but there.”
“You don’t believe in fighting do you, Jon?”
“Not when its someone else’s fight.”
Two men rounded the corner ahead with pistols in hand.  Jon raised his right hand to aim quickly and both men went quickly to a prone position.
From around the corner, another figure came dashing around the corner.  Its movements were clumsy and powerful, like it had no regard to its safety.
Both men turned onto their backs and screamed like women as the figure approached them clambering and clawing its way to them.
Jon flicked his thumb across the firing mode and released a three round burst at the new entry into the tunnel.
The figure took all three, one in the head and two in the sternum, and toppled over into the drink.
Jon kept his weapon on the two men.
“Holy cow!  It’s the guy from the store!  Its me, Ed!”
Ed and his friend were on their knees.  They didn’t have the goggles or the breath masks, Jon noticed.
“Uh, guy, shit I can’t remember your name.  Dude, tell me that you’re not going to kill me?”
In the sewage, the figure rose to the surface to float among the refuse.  Jon saw in the green tinted world of his that the figure was not human, as he suspected.
Rather, it was human, but pieces of flesh were exposed and mortal wounds had been inflicted on it before Jon had fired into it.  The chest wounds had taken the sternum out of the body completely and part of the spine was missing.
Some portions of the corpse looked like they had been dead for over a week.  Jon was happy that he had his breath mask on.
“You cleaned him good, Jon,” Brian looked into the nasty filth.
“JON!  That’s right!  You’re Jon!”  Ed was getting off his knees until Jon motioned for him to stay down on his knees.
“Ed, where can I find more of these?”
“There are a few down here, and more possible.”
“How many where you were at?”
“Jon, there were a few.  I mean, a lot!”
“Get up,” Jon commanded.
The two got to their feet.
“Jon, we are in serious trouble,” Ed looked behind him.
The knot was reforming in Jon’s stomach.  It feels like someone has a clenched fist in my kidneys.  “How so?”
Brian looked back to see a group of figures come rushing about the ledge at the intersection.  Some wore tattered clothing, some wore nothing.  Brian could tell in the goggles, that something was more than wrong.  Taking the MP-105 off the sling and preparing to unleash a single round, “like so.”
“Brian, three round burst, that’s where you want to be for groups like this.”
“They’re Ilian’s Undead Legionnaires,” Ed stated.  “We have a cult of Her Most Promised down here.”
“I thought you said you knew the sewers,” Jon looked at Ed’s eyes.
“I do, but not over here,” Ed’s eyes were truthful, and in the goggles, Jon couldn’t see if his cheeks flushed or eyes dilated.
“Brian, pull the trigger,” Jon had to remind him.
Thumbing the safety, Brian squeezed off the rounds at the oncoming creatures.  Two of them fell, creating a pileup.  As the dead tried to untangle themselves, some fell into the muck.
Brian fired again, and those on the ledge stopped moving.
“Ever kill anyone or anything before?”  The second KED man asked.
“It feels good,” Brian’s voice was high, and he holstered the weapon immediately.  Wiping his hands down his coat, he couldn’t hide the fact that he was shaking.
“I shake as well, if you notice I clasp my hands, Brian.”  Jon admitted.
“I feel like I’m gonna either pee my pants or exclaim for joy,” Brian stated.
“Ed, do you and your friend have anything to protect yourselves with?”
“Sherman Ironfists, one each,” they hoisted their weapons.  “If you have any ammunition we’d appreciate it.  I think we’re down a few from a full clip in each.”
“Sorry.”
The sewers shook, again.
“What’s happening above?” Ed asked.
“Don’t worry about it unless it all comes down here.”
Brian looked where the pile was at and in the much below, one of the things was trying to claw its way back onto the ledge.  Brian smartly flipped it to single shot before putting the creature to rest again.
“What is your name, or I’ll just call you, ‘you’.”  Jon looked at Ed’s companion.
“I’m Patrick.”
“Patrick, you and Ed walk in front, we’re headed back the direction you came.  Only one Legionnaire came around the corner, while four were at the intersection.  We go forward.”
“Hey Jon, I finally see why we burn the bodies after the ceremony,” Brian stated.
“Everyone thinks that the war a thousand years ago was myth and propaganda, that the Brotherhood just doesn’t want the technology to advance.  Nobody believes that the stories from the front lines are true about demons and skeleton troops, about magic and how you really need the Brotherhood.  The media would rather focus on other things, like how cheese tastes.
“In fact, Brian, the media won’t even air pictures of what is under the cities.  The sewers in most bigger cities are often the den of these evils.  Who wants to know that?”  Jon kept his Punisher level with Ed’s back.

Looking at the map, Jon was oblivious to Ed and Patrick talking on the other side of the spillway.  “Ed, you think we can hole up here?  We’ve got a three foot wide ledge and four entry points to worry about, but if we take up this corner, and have two men guarding, we can get some shuteye in.”
Ed nodded, tired.
“Good.  Brian, you displayed some prowess with that thing.  I’m gonna have you and Patrick on watch.  In two hours, wake us up-unless we’re needed beforehand.”
Jon leaned against the brick.  It will be hard trying to sleep with this bad feeling.  Its like it is trying to emerge from my bowels.  I guess I should have used the toilet in the store when I had the chance.

Jon ducked under, getting his knees in position as he grabbed his opponents wrist and thigh, he spun him down to the mat.  As his opponent tried to bridge, Jon snuck a half-nelson into him, preventing it.
Burying his chin into his opponents chest and tying his left hand into his opponents arm, Jon knew he had his opponent.
Jon felt the mat get hit once by the referee.
Twice.
Three times, the whistle sounded.
Jon released his opponent, and then stood, offering his hand.  As the two walked to the center of the ring, Jon noticed the crowd was cheering the third period match.  When his wrist was raised, Jon noticed Katrina jumping up.
As Jon walked back among his teammates, he felt the claps of admiration and slaps on his butt.  Sweat poured off him, the gymnasium wasn’t the place for two men to have Greco-Roman wrestling during the summer months.
Katrina was suddenly to his left, offering a glass of water.  Her smile lit up Jon’s field of vision and for everything that had just happened, Jon’s world suddenly had only two people in it-him and her.
Taking his head protection off, she whispered in his ear, “my father says that you are a strong little man and would like to meet you.”

“Jon, wake up!”  Patrick was shouting.
Jon woke to find his world immersed in green and the sound of water by the tens of gallons washing into the basin below.
“Jon, its your watch.”
Feeling for his clips and Punisher, he unloaded the firearm, and inserted a full magazine.  With Ed watching the other side of the room, Jon field stripped his weapon and cleaned it as best as he could in the conditions provided.
The knot hadn’t gone away, but was a headache-style pain.
“You know, Jon, when I get done with today, if I’m still alive, I’m going to Luna.”
“What’s in Luna, Ed?”
“Home, wintertime, an atmosphere that doesn’t taste like sulphur, you name it.”
“New average life span here on Mars is forty-nine, Ed.  Where does that compare to on Luna?”
“I think it’s a little higher, say fifty-one.”
Jon checked his pocket, to make sure that he had a spare goggles battery pack.  It was present in the bubble wrap.
“You are paranoid, Jon.”
“Just checking to see if the battery pack was still there.  I get topside and out of Imperial’s way, I’m writing the manufacturer to tell them what a quality Capitol product I acquired and to thank them.  I guess I should send them a money order, too.”
Ed shook his head.
As the four made their way north, Brian asked, “Who is Ilian?”
Patrick answered, “One of the five dark apostles.  She usually has strong knit cells and the usual appearance of a powerful heretic of hers is accompanied by a gust of chilling wind.”
“That sounds like being around my wife,” Jon snickered.  “She was the first of the apostles to come to power, don’t forget that.”
Brian looked at the two men as they walked, “I have an encyclopedia of bad information here?”
Patrick stated, “I just like knowing what I’m up against.”
Jon stopped walking, and motioned Brian to stop.  Ed and Patrick followed suit, after two sets of feet stopped making noise.
In the tunnels, someone, somewhere, was moaning.
“MOVE!”  Jon shoved the two KED men forward, looking behind him to ensure Brian was keeping up with them.  The ledge disappeared around the corner, into the muck.  
“How deep is it?”  Patrick asked.
Ed shoved him in to test it.
After coming to the surface, Patrick stood in thigh deep water.  “You bastard!”  He wiped something unmentionable off his face and offered his hand to Ed.  “Get in!”
“I’ll help myself.”
A whole horde of footsteps was accompanied by the moaning sound.
Ed looked behind him and saw Brian getting assistance into the drink with Jon.  A mass of twisted humanity rounded the corner.
Faces that were partially rotted off, arms that were sewn back on, and the taint of doom clung to them all.
Jon couldn’t count the numbers in the mass.  “Brian, keep it on semi-automatic.”
“Jon, you and your buddy get behind me,” Ed pulled the pin on something.
He tossed what was safely assumed to be a grenade into the morass of fiends approaching.
Everyone prepared for the blast by dropping back a few steps and covering their ears, which wasn’t enough to shield them from the concussion blast and body part spray that reverberated through the tunnel.
Brian and Jon watched after the blast hit them and began picking off what moved.
“Good job,” Brian was thumbs up to Ed.
“What?”
“I said good job!”
“Wood mod?”
Jon gestured by tapping his ear then shrugging his shoulder.  “Reload, Brian.  How many you spend?”
“I have five in the clip.”
“Reload.”  He pointed onward, and as the four made their way through the waste, Jon pulled the map out to ensure that he was on the right path.

Ed took his pinky into his ear again and again.  “That could have been avoided.”
Jon slapped his other hand with a pair of foam inserts.  Shouting, “They prevent deafness.”
“You’re really a prick, you know.”
Jon shrugged his shoulders and gave Patrick a pair.
As the four came to an intersection, Ed stopped and said.  “Bad news, kids.”
From the left and right, men in Imperial armor waded closer.  “Heretical dogs, lay down your arms and put your hands to the roof!”  They raised their weapons level with the four.


- 8 -
Jon felt a sincere pain in his abs tighten.  It was almost vice-like.  
The leader was a large man, slogging through the muck with his two handed sword over his shoulder.  A large ponytail came off his head and dangled to his waist.  A large and unwieldy submachine gun was slung over his other shoulder.
Three men accompanied him, wearing Imperial colors on their large shoulder pads.  Each of them carried huge assault weapons.  Their faces were hidden by the large breath masks and hoses connecting to their backpacks.
Across the tunnel, four more Imperial foot soldiers waded to the intersection.  Brian recognized the weapons as plasma ejection weapons, capable of massive personal damage, but best used from a distance.
The splash-splash-splash of more feet in the water caused all four to look behind them again.  The horde had new masses within the wall of flesh that approached.  Singular in purpose, it was death reborn.
Grabbing Brian and moving forward, Ed and Patrick followed suit.  The armored foes hesitated hearing the rush of new possible problems coming from the south.
“Don’t look behind, just press on,” Jon huffed.
The Imperial foot soldiers closed with the intersection, weapons at the ready.  Jon led the group into a side tunnel as the staccato belching from automatic weapons fire.
As they crouched together in the tunnel, Pat rested his hands on his hips.  “These ear plugs are the right thing at the right time.  Thank you.”
A skeleton rose quickly up from behind Patrick in the waste and hacked into his thighs twice.  Following through its second swing, it sliced into his kidneys.
It sidestepped left to prepare for the next victim.
Patrick screamed loudly and flailed his arms.  His fingers found the rib cage of the skeleton and then fell back into the waste.  
The skeleton tried to stand but fell under Patrick’s weight.  Brian and Jon responded in kind, Punisher and MP-105 belching three round bursts each, sent it into the water with less structural integrity than when it emerged.
The skeleton didn’t return.
“Should we even try to get Patrick?”  Brian asked.
“No, the liquid is red like you wouldn’t believe,” Ed spoke without the benefit of goggles.
The sound of the firefight between the Imperial and Legionnaires was intensifying.  
“Let’s go.”
The Legionnaires clambered over their foes, ripping their helmets off and shredding the armor underneath.  Some placed it on themselves in mock humanity, others grabbed the rifles that were lying in the fecal pool around them.
As the horde left for the other living sentient creatures in the tunnel, a man approached the fallen soldiers.  He gathered them together, then began in low tones an incantation.
The bodies lumbered to their feet, blood still dripping out of their bodies.  One leg dragged behind the rest of one soldier, a severed femur was attached only by the skin.  Another soldier was draining brown blood from a puncture wound in his lower abdomen.
“Follow, and kill,” the figure pointed where Capitol shell casings rested on fecal debris.
The legionnaire with the pony tail walked in the rear, claymore in its two hands.  The necromancer looked at his work and chuckled.  “I’ve a Wolfbane in my power.  Excellent.”


Jon and Brian moved on, as Ed stopped to get his breath.  Jon touched his stomach, trying to fight the nigh-overwhelming pain of whatever it was.
“You okay?”
“The taint of darkness really messes with me,” he replied to Brian.
Jon checked his ammunition.  Two clips full, one in the belly, one on hip.  Thirty free rounds not in the clip.
Ahead in the tunnel, a pair of spillways opened from the eastern side of the city.  An access opened to the left, which led to dry ground.
As chunks of fecal waste drifted by the three, Brian leaned against the wall.  “I am in need of a shower.  These pants are ruined and I can feel the utter nastiness of the city on me.”
Ed chuckled.
Five men approached from the side access, wearing city worker access uniforms.  Wide brimmed hats were worn by all, and long stringy hair was seen coming out of the sides and back of the headgear.  Breathe masks hid their faces, and the hoses were connected to external lung tanks on their backs.  Their jackets open, a hint of red could be seen under the protective gear.  Each of the men had a piece on them, along with some sort of bladed weapon on their hip.
“Its about time,” Ed sighed.  “Guys, I want you to meet Brian and Jon.  They’re Capitol, like us.”
The breathe masks were removed, and it was obvious by the outline of muck on their chins and ears where the masks did not cover.
“Thanks for getting him to us,” the largest of the five stated.
“These your KED brothers?”  Jon asked.
“You could say that.  Actually, we’re on our way out of town,” Ed wiped his arms in the wash from the spillway.
“Good luck,” Brian wished him.
Three of the men laughed.
The smallest of them stood with his hand on his hip.  “You two don’t get it.  You’re coming with us.  Brian, you are worth a lot to us, and it would behoove you to think that you can’t just say ‘thank you’, and leave.”  He stood to Ed’s shoulder.
“Core is right,” Ed touched his nose.
“Well, before we hand ourselves to you, I have to ask what we’re going to do with the undead running around behind us?”  Jon looked for a leader to answer this.
“Probably leave them here.  Let the other heretics find them, or whoever,” Ed stated.
Jon put a round in Ed’s neck, and kept his firearm at the ready.  “Wrong answer.”
Ed clutched at the wound, blood spilling around him and spouting blood bubbles at the mouth and between his fingers.  Slumping to his knees, he tried to grasp at his companions jacket to stay standing but fell prone.
Brian winced.
As Ed passed, the pain in Jon’s belly lessened.
The five men held their hands open, looking at Ed and amazed at how quickly he was mortally wounded.
“Be easy fellow, I’m a cop for Strausburg.”  The largest tried to step forward.
Jon wasn’t in the mood, and the large man was knocked off his feet with most of his face removed.
The heretics grabbed for their weapons, and Jon put two more on the ground before a round cut into his left shoulder, and everything in his arm screamed pain before going limp.
Brian sent the marksman into the book of the dead as Jon dispatched the final foe.
Kicking their jackets open, Jon saw the blade on one was a common machete.  He butchered the necks of those that had chest wounds before he slumped against the wall.
“Jon, you okay?”
He looked at his left arm, which hadn’t moved since taking a shoulder wound.  Pointing at his arm, “I can’t move it.”  It was hard to speak, like the energy to do it was ....
“How far are we from the cathedral?”
Jon rolled his hip so he could fish the map out of his pocket, but ended up prone and unconscious.


- 9 -

Jon knew the match was going bad for him.  Down four points, and trying to duck out of a half-nelson.  He pulled himself to his opponent’s thigh.
The ox he was matched against was Danny McBride.  Imperial and ranked 1st in every major magazine for high school wrestling.  McBride knew how to pull his opponents apart.  With Jon it was endurance.
McBride removed the hand from Jon’s neck, and began to plow him laterally across the mat.  Jon’s hand loosened on the thigh, and he found himself pulled off his base and flipped over on his back.
Jon tried to bridge out of it, but the head and arm were in quickly.  The teenager was strong, bulky.  As the McBride’s latisimus dorsi cut off Jon’s breath, the referee slapped his hand on the mat and blew the whistle.
McBride stood and Jon took in a deep breath, hands resting on his forehead.  McBride offered his hand to Jon and helped him up.
The referee raised Jon’s opponents hand, and Jon stood with what pride he had knowing that he had lost to a superior opponent.  The Coliseum exploded in clapping for the two and Jon patted McBride’s back before leaving the mat.

Maynard looked at Jon and hugged the student.  “You did good.  I don’t know how happy I would have been if you had won, but we did second this year in your class.”  He released his student.
Jon’s eyes were red, ready to tear up.
“Good job, Jon,” he smiled and left the locker room.

The megagothic skyline was impressive.  Tall and ancient looking, cold and emotionless.  Winter was upon Luna and its citizenry.
Jon pulled his letterman’s jacket closer as he walked through Bastillion Park.  High above him, black marble memoritaphs were stacked stories high, flanked by the stone gargoyles.  Statues of heroes who fell against the Darkness for the Brotherhood broke up the design, and Jon walked below them.  Walking by missionaries who enjoyed the winter air, he nodded courteously to them and made his way through the Ancient Quarter of Old Town Luna.
Clambering up the grated stairs, he waited for the elevated train to pass by.  Wires which powered the train hummed constantly.
Jon walked past the station, and into the building.  Once past the doorway, and Harvey, the doorman, the supper scents drifted through the hallways.  Jon’s stomach growled in happy response. 
Walking into his parents apartment, he locked the door behind him.  Turning around, he fumbled for the light switch on the wall.
“SURPRISE!”  Ten voices shouted as they emerged from the darkness.
Jon smiled as his family rushed to embrace him.
“We’re so proud of you!”
“Coach Maynard called and said you did really well against the ox!”
“Second place!  Lets see the trophy!”  His father was excited to hoist it into the air.
His grandfather wheezed and snorted, “that’s pretty Jon!  Where’s your girlfriend?”
“Don’t worry, Dad.  She’s a communist and Jon will be single soon, won’t you, Jon?”
“Annie, that’s no way to talk about your son’s love life.”  More wheezing from the seasoned citizen.
Jon looked at his mother.  “I like Katrina, end story.”
“Hun, son, you two can cut that crap out.  We’re here for his performance tonight.  Our son is the reason for the celebration.”

Jon felt a soothing feeling pulse through his body.

In the Sacred Dome, Jon stood among friends.  Dressed in the white robes of the initiate, he bowed his head.  Father Miller initiated the prayer.
“Oh Devine and Blessed Holy, peace be with our young as they start the second phase of life, the transition to adulthood complete.  Entering the body of the Incarnate, be at one with these men, as they aspire to your Holiness in action.”
Jon raised his eyes and head.  Father Miller motioned to his missionaries to begin anointing the hundred applicants which had passed the entry tests for employment.  In the balconies above, parents and families watched as the ceremony continued.

Brian smiled as Jon began to stir.  The chaplain nodded courteously and left the room.  “Jon when you wake up, I have to disclose to you the next step of our mission.”
“I’m awake.”  Jon’s nose twitched, the scent from the surgery hit a nerve.
“Good, open your eyes.”

“Grier, you made it. Take your gear to Inquisitor Martin,” Sergeant Kellar pointed at the imposing figure.

“JON!”  Brian slapped Jon.
Jon looked at his friend and then around the room.  He was lying down with an IV hooked into his left arm.  White sheets were pulled to his chest and the table next to him had an incense burner smoking on it.
Brian lit a cigar and puffed on it for seconds.  Finally getting it lit, he blew the smoke away from his friend.
Jon’s left arm lay on the sheet.  He flexed his fingers and then began to use his right hand to rub his left deltoid.
“Still hurt?”
Jon rolled his tee shirt sleeve up to examine the entry point.  A vicious scar was all that remained on the wound.  “Numb, the same feeling that you have after a mystic heals you.”
“You remember that feeling well?”  Brian puffed on the cigar again.
“Experience.”  He pulled up his shirt and the scars of numerous hits on his stomach were present.
Brian opened a manila file.  Poring over one page, he pointed to an entry and read, “Grier is an outstanding soldier and even under duress of grievous wounding, will still exact the mission parameters if in his capacity to do so.  His capacity requires only his breath, as his will is tempered iron.”
“My first evaluation for Capitol,” Jon’s eyes were distant.
“The mystic said he would be back in a few minutes.  He’s clearing out his schedule.  We’re going to find out what it is on the face of Mars that happened to your wife.”  Brian closed the file.

Jon threaded the patch onto his shoulder sleeve.  As he did, Katrina entered the room behind him and pulled him to look up at her by his forehead.  She kissed his eyelids then let him resume his sewing.
“Your mom called today, she wants to know if you and I are still seeing each other.”
He shook his head.  “If you ever turn out like her, I’ll burn you Katrina.  No man deserves that reincarnation.”
She giggled and bent over to grab her things.  “The apartment rent was paid today.  I’ll be in San Weil next week, so when you’re done playing the good wife, I’d love for some personal time.”  She winked at him.
Jon could only thread faster.
“So what does Fury Elite, mean?”
“It means that I’m one bad hombre.  You’re going to marry one bad hombre.”  He ran his fingers down the patch.
“So if I make you love me then you’ll protect me, always?”  She pulled the needle from his hand, and poked her finger delicately.
“Make me love you?”

Jon looked around.  He was in a cathedral infirmary.  He could tell from the white walls, divine murals, and attendants moving about with holy vestments about their necks.  A set of curtains to Jon’s left remained pushed against the wall.
“Cathedral in Strausburg?”  Jon looked at one of the acolytes walking past with incense.
“None other”.
“Good.  We made it.”
Umberto Gambino walked into the waiting room.  Moving past closed curtains, he addressed the patient he was moving to.  “Jon, haven’t seen you since the train ride.”
“How have you been, Umberto?”  Jon attempted to sit up but the mattress he was on was far too forgiving for it.
He shrugged his shoulders at the recovering Capolitan.  “I’m here, and I’m thinking you were hit pretty good.”
Jon looked at his shoulder.
“Jon, you were lucky it didn’t exit the other side, or I wouldn’t have been able to do what I did for you.”  Umberto ran his hands down his robes.  “The faithful have always received His blessings much easier than others, however.”
Jon nodded.
Brian asked Jon, “when was the last time you were on Luna?”
“Its been a few years, at least.  I was wrapping up a tour for the 110th, and they were home ported on Luna.”
Brian frowned.  “We need to uncover a little more of what is in your noggin’, Jon.  Otherwise, what we have to do won’t make any sense to you, and I don’t want any issues to arise from it.”

“Happy twenty-second, Grier,” Gregory patted him on the shoulder pad.  He sat down next to his comrade in the Sacred Dome, and placed his AC-40 on his lap like Jon’s.
“I’m wanting to go riding around the loop tonight.  The Mannheim was reopened and my bike is screaming at me.  I think it wants me to hit one thirty.”  Jon elbowed Gregory.
“Sounds like a plan.  We taking the old lady?”  Gregory had a unhealthy addiction to riding behind Jon and staring at Katrina.
“No.  She’s out of town, dunno why, but she will be back tomorrow night.  Said she’d make it up to me.”  Jon smiled at Gregory.
Both men sighed.  Gregory couldn’t hide his lust.  Once a fantasy became entertained, he didn’t look at a woman the same way, or even in her direction.  It was Jon’s measuring stick of Gregory’s faithfulness.  If he stopped talking of Katrina’s features, Jon would get immediately worried.
“I’d really like to marry a cousin of hers, Jon.  You sure that there aren’t any other Valmonte women here?”
“Greg, remember that speech of fine lines?”
Another minute.  Another sigh.
“We have to be in battle dress for this.  Guns, punisher short swords; confession stinks.”
“Look at it this way, we’re in our sixth month of being Fury Elites and survived a tour together.  You’re getting married to your high school sweetheart and she still has the same butt that you took her to prom with.  We’re living in decent apartments on base, when we’re on Mars.”
Jon nodded, “I just don’t like talking to someone about my impure thoughts.  I think the One can listen better than rented time at a cathedral.
“In fact, I’d feel a lot better if I didn’t know everything about Father Enoch,” Jon sat upright, pulling his tunic down.
“You talking about the rumors of the Father taking bribes, or the fact that his libido gets fed more cathedral women than I could ever possibly want?  For being a Vicar, he is revered on a lot of tabloid pages as well, with a new woman each photo.”  Gregory stared opposite where they were sitting, to the altar.
“Power.  Wielded properly, can be a benefit and a source of life, enjoyment for others, and inspirational.  Listening to us talk you would think that we’d see the alternate to that,” Jon loved using big words when his brain began chaining together a train of thought.
“Friend, you think to much.  Use smaller words,” Gregory instructed and chuckled.
“You’re right.  I should be happy that they combined our watch standing with confession.  I hated having supper off-duty then having to come back and do the battle-dress ceremony.  If we were on Mars it was doubly worse because she would be wanting ‘her’ time, and I’d have to come back.  It makes me wonder why they became actually efficient.  What gives?”  Jon was done, he rolled his neck to either side and heard it pop.
Both of them sat there, staring at the murals at the top of the cathedral.  The large scale of the building made the two feel very small for the time their minds drifted.
Until they heard something going on elsewhere in the building.  Gregory looked sideways at his companion, who did likewise.
Jon nodded in acknowledgment, “I hear that.”
Muffled, it came from the door behind father’s chair.  Jon and Gregory hoisted their assault weapons on their backs and listened in.  Leaning into the door, they heard it.
Moaning.
“God love ‘em, I hope whoever it is, is having a schoolgirl.  The uniforms,” Gregory looked at Jon, “are divine inspiration.”
Jon tried to shush his companion, but laughed.  Not able to keep a straight face, “you’re going to burn for that, you know.  The special hell where people that drive too slow, you’ll be there.”
Greg smiled.  The joke amused his friend, too.  “Wanna place a bet on next weeks wages that its Enoch’s kid, Jericho?”
“No, I’ve a family!  We’ll go dinner after Mass, Sunday?”
“Works.”
Greg touched the knob on the handle.
The moaning intensified, as if whoever it was, was praising everyone between breaths.
Jon nodded, urging his companion to open the door.  “If it’s a couple of teenagers, we get an extra five hundred crowns for preserving the sanctity of the Dome!”
Greg opened the door, but stood in Jon’s way.  After getting full view of what was going on, he attempted to shut the door.
Jon grabbed the door, listening to the moaning peaked his ears.  “Man that sounds like the girl, I mean she really knows how to inflate the spirit!”  He pushed Greg aside, only to have his jaw drop totally slack.
Enoch, the Father of Wednesday night mass, a Vicar, stood in full nakedness sans ceremonial headgear, with his hands on his hips.  He had crossed the age of forty the year prior, when most began their pension.  Like most forty year olds, he had tufts of body hair sprouting from wherever it wanted to, and he had not seen a professional.
What troubled Jon the most, was the fact that it sounded like Katrina because it was Katrina.  She sat doggy-style on his holiness’s desk, her body throbbing to its own rhythms.  She hadn’t even bothered to take her wedding band off her hand.
“KATRINA!”  Jon managed to scream out.
The surprised Father looked over his shoulder, to see witness to his adultery.
Greg tried pulling Jon from the doorway, but his shorter friend stood fast.
“Is this how you reward me?”  Jon asked, shrugging off his friend, looking at his wife.
“Jon, c’mon, she’s not worth this.”  Gregory futilely was dragged behind his friend.
Father Enoch removed himself from the receptacle and tried getting to his robes, stammering about “I’m so sorry” and “Oh dear,” before he realized that Jon was making a bee-line to the woman on the desk.
Katrina hadn’t moved the entire time, but faced her husband on all fours.  “Go home and wait for me, boy!  I will be there shortly!”
The door slammed shut as Brother Enoch fled safer chambers.
This enraged Jon, who had never recollected being spoken like that before.  “You want to be single?  Is that it?  Do you want us to be over?  I thought you were on Mars, but you’re here!  At my career, and you’re ruining it!”
She muttered something, which caused Jon to momentarily pause in his thought.  “Go home, forget you saw me here, baby.”
Jon was momentarily dazed, until Greg tried yanking him out of the office.  That broke the spell, and Jon’s anger spiked.
He cleared the short sword from its scabbard and reacted totally on instinct.  Greg tried to pull on his friends right arm, but assisted only in getting his armor ran though, all the way to his lungs.
Jon was stunned.  Greg’s blood was running all down his gloves, along his bracers and armor.  Greg’s throat made a noise similar to a gurgling water tank before his heart stopped, and Jon held him until Inquisitor Jericho Enoch and seven troopers stood in the room with him.  Katrina was not in the room, and Jon couldn’t say her name without stammering like a fool.
Jon didn’t hear what they said, he was too busy trying to fathom the downswing of his blade into Greg’s chest.
The punishment was quick to roll off the Inquisitor’s tongue.  “Two years of hard labor at Ryker’s Mountain.”



- 10 -

Jon looked at Brian.  The commerce-minded Capolitan looked weary and relieved at the same time.  The hissing of the medical equipment was the only thing that made any true sound for seconds.
“Brian, I want to know how you got us out of the sewers.  The undead legionnaires were going to catch us, and with me in my situation, there is something that I’m not quite getting.”
Brian smiled.  “Well, after you collapsed, it got a little hairy-more than when you were actively trying to kill anything that wasn’t you-and-me in the sewers.”

Brian swore as he looked at Jon:  The sentinel was out and bleeding.  Unlocking his suitcase, Brian pulled out a small handheld transmitter and jammed on the activating button on the side of it.  He removed two grenades from the suitcase and hung them off his jacket.   Throwing the transmitter into his pocket, he closed the suitcase.
Pulling the map out of Jon’s hip pocket, he began to unfold it when the hissing sound of a legionnaire echoed into the chamber.  Brian dropped the map and picked up Jon’s pistol.
“Good Lord, this thing is heavy,” he swivelled the ungainly weapon in his hand.  Looking at Jon’s meaty palms, he could see why the guard liked the Punisher so much-it matched him almost perfectly.
Shadows panned across the far wall.
Brian hefted the Punisher in his right hand and the MP105 in his left.  Aiming at the opening in the room, the shadow crept along the wall until the beast poked its head in the door.
The pistols barked and it slumped over.
The moaning from the horde became excessively loud, and Brian lobbed a grenade out of the side access, hearing it roll for a moment.  Dust sifted down from above while the sound of body parts splashed into the water.  Brian chuckled.
The sound of shuffling resumed and Brian moved closer to the doorway.  He peered around the corner and saw unending masses coming in the green viewed world of his goggles.  The group shuffled closer, and the lead ranks began to run towards Brian’s location.
Brian took aim with the Punisher, letting one round at a time sink into their heads.  Counting with each bullet, on six, he relaxed to breathe in a moment.  The pile of bodies was getting to be a navigation hurdle for those clambering over it.
He loosed another round as a shuffler tried to move around the pile.  It slumped over making a three foot high obstacle from wall to wall.
More tried to move into the pile, and stumbled and fell.  Brian yanked the grenade off his jacket, counted a full one- thousand, then lobbed the grenade to the pile.
Recoiling back to the rear corners of the access, Brian smiled behind his breath mask.  That last one was a-
The phosphorous grenade detonated, and the incineration of the pile and those trying to shamble over it began.  
-phoz grenade.  A burner.
Brian moved back to check status on the incoming.  Not seeing anything in the night vision goggles, he pulled them off his eyes momentarily.  About thirty partial bodies were being consumed.
Careful to not rest against a wall, Brian noted the interior was really hot.  Pulling the goggles down over his eyes, he saw the ‘low battery indicator’ was actively trying to get his attention.
Quickly swapping out batteries from Jon’s extra, he turned around to face the access entryway and scrambled to find a weapon in his hand.  A partial corpse crawled its way towards Brian as he slapped the goggles back onto his face.
Both its legs were blown off, smoke rising from its underside and the elbows which were still smoldering.  Still hissing and clambering about clumsily, it tried to stand on its feet, but wobbled up weakly before Brian put it down permanently.
More liquid splashing outside the door.  Brian moved Jon’s body towards the ladder and looked up at the hatch then back to the open avenue where death could come pouring through.
“Shit.”
Brian knelt in front of Jon and faced the door.  As the seconds ticked by, Brian raised his MP 105 at the ready and put down four more of the legionnaires.
As he put the sub machine pistol down briefly, he laid out his remaining clips in front of himself.  As he closed his eyes for a brief prayer, a roar of new combatants rolled throughout the tunnels.
Brian snapped his eyes open and pulled the Punisher into his hands.  A loaded clip was ready as one of the undead tried to shamble over the mound of bodies outside in the tunnel.  Bellowing a howl of frustration, it finally clambered over the obstacle of flesh and into the access room.
Brian sent part of its brainpan splattering on the wall behind itself.
More followed, and after ten corpses had piled in the doorway, Brian switched guns.  The MP 105 had less of a kick, but the three round burst was handy since it didn’t have the blunt stopping power.
Inserting a new clip, Brian heard some squeaking behind him.  Only a wall, and ladder, and Jon’s body.  Jon was still bleeding.
Brian looked back to see a pair of corpses clambering over the mound.  Putting the first one down, he recoiled as the second one kept coming.  He squeezed the trigger again and two new holes perforated the skull.
More squeaking, and this time Brian looked up to see the hatch open.  A masked visage with Brotherhood insignia peered down at him and then the armored character shuffled down the ladder.
Brian looked to the pile of the legionnaires and made sure that the new activity was in the pistol sights.
Another set of feet landed on the ground.
Brian squeezed off a series of rounds at the new arrivals from the sewers.
Another set of feet thudded onto the ground.  Brian felt someone put a hand on his shoulder as a Brotherhood trooper moved him aside.  Brian looked to see a large tank on his back and flame belched out the direction that the trooper was facing.
One Inquisitor, a Mystic, and a trooper, all ready to inflict serious harm on their enemies, had arrived.  The trooper stayed ten feet behind the pile, dowsing the legionnaires with his Gehenna Puker.  Panning the stream of death out into the sewers beyond, Brian smiled as sweat rolled down his face.

Brian puffed again on the cigar.  “That was pretty sweet seeing all the corpses go up like a celebration candle.  The last thing that I thought I’d ever see what a Gehenna Puker in action, but that thing lays out the death sweet and even.
“After we pulled you up and got you in here, Imperial forces put it publicly that they had accomplished what they wanted and had the Cybertronic sympathizers in their custody.  Fifteen of the sympathizers were Kill Em’ Dead security, and did not make it out of questioning alive.  I expect that they’ll just put investments in the town and call it theirs.”
Brian inhaled again.  “What happened after you were in Ryker’s Mountain?”
Jon gulped down a glass of water.  He found it easier to ignore the dirt particles and ‘squiggles’ when he didn’t have his eyes open when he drank.  “I went into the Free Marines and was in the Doughpits, surrounding Saladin’s Citadel.  When I was there for three years, I was promoted to rank of Staff Sergeant.  As one campaign set in on the heels of another, we were asked to assist a group of civilians out of a remote research and development center.  The man I rescued, after losing sixty percent to gibbering, yammering, sets of teeth with bodies attached, offered me a deal.”

“What do you say, Sarge, you and your men help me, and I’ll pay for the reconstruction work to your records so you can go back to civilian life again-would it work for you?”
“Mister Gordonsen,” Jon stuck his hand out, to agree on the deal.  His gauntlet was covered in blood.
“Sounds good, eh, boy?  Now lets get out of here before we break the third seal of the Apocalypse.”

“Sam Gordonsen, the shareholder for the Big Three, and survivor of Valley Forge?”  Umberto fanned the smoke away from him.
“Yes.  He made due on his promise, even trying to get me to work for him as personal guard.  I just didn’t feel comfortable with it.”
Brian looked on incredulously, smoke rose from his gaping maw.
“What’s wrong, Brian?”
“Jon here is an idiot.  He decided to work for The Company after being offered the promise.”
“It’s a decision I felt good about.  I would not be soft after a week of working for The Company.”
“Brian is right, Jon.  You should have worked for Gordonsen.  Getting soft and fat is a natural part of life.  All you did was trade in the possibility of having it set up on Easy street.  Sam Gordonsen sets up everyone as best as he can, the butler’s children have hundreds of shares of stock, given to them at birth.
“You turned down a life waiting for the action moment to happen around a news maker like Gordonsen, and instead opted to have no responsibility to yourself during your off hours.”
Jon pulled the sheet up to his chest.  “Disagree with me all you want.”
“We will.  Until then, lay down.  Umberto is going to completely heal your shoulder.  We need you mobile by zero hundred hours.”
“Yeah, Brian, I guess telling him about the bonus pay would probably just piss him off.”  Umberto rolled up his sleeves.
Brian puffed on the cigar and looked slyly at Jon.  Letting the smoke curl around the edge of his lips, he continued to hold Jon’s gaze.
Jon laid down, turned his head to Brian, and tapped his fingertips together.  “Do tell, Brian.”
“Well, Mister Gordonsen enclosed an extra fifty clicks of crowns for you after hearing about what happened in the sewers.  He said he’s going to inform you that if you let yourself get shot again he’ll be very angry.”
Umberto began counting the beads.
“We’re going to meet up with him, as he’s giving the order to the strike team tomorrow morning as what is going on.”
Fifty thousand crowns.  Lump sum.  That’s not a fortune, but its an extra paycheck.  Some of the people I’ve worked shoulder to shoulder with have never seen that amount.
Umberto laid his hands on Jon’s arm, restoring the sense of feeling in it.  Jon swivelled his head to look at the healer’s face.  Always the same look of calm washed over every divine spell caster, that Jon had been witness to.  For a moment, Umberto’s hands had a unearthly blue glow about them.
Jon found feeling in the tips of his fingers.  “Thank you.”
Umberto rubbed his hands together.  “No problem.  I have to go, some Valkyrie wanted me to do something like that to her, and if it wasn’t for Brian being the persuader, I’d seen her first and give you so little time, Jon.”
“We should hang out sometime, Umberto.”
“Jon, I get preachy-that’s your fair warning.”
Brian set his hands on his lap.  “There is a Valkyrie waiting and nobody told me about it?  I could occupy her time!”
Jon looked at him and spoke one word, which made both men laugh as Umberto left the room.

- 11 -
Jon fastened the straps on his armor.  It felt right about his chest, shoulder pads were snug.  He rolled his arms, stretching them out.  He inhaled and exhaled fully, testing the limits.
The locker room around him was abuzz with whoops and hollers.  Jon saw the same look of anticipation that he had known as a young adult.  Fear, mixed in with sheer bravado, was on some of their faces.  Others went about, calmly loading clips of ammunition.  Still, others posed for pictures while the Chaplain went about performing one-on-one meetings with the mass of them.
Jon ran his hand down his freshly shaven head.  “I’m ready,” he muttered to himself.  
Turning to leave, he ran into the burly torso of a trooper.  Looking up, a mestizo face looked down back at him.  “Kill?”
Jon didn’t know what to do.  The face leering down at him was studying him as well.  The eyes belied intelligence, but the tone of voice was that of a child of infancy learning to speak.
“Oh fellahs, we forgot to introduce our mascot to the new guy.”  A private Stinson rested his gauntleted hand on Jon’s shoulder.  “Hombre, meet our mascot, Ward.”
Jon looked at the slight frame of Stinson, then back up to Ward.  “Pleasure is all mine.”
“Good,” was the brimstone breath reply, and a hearty handshake.
Stinson led Jon to the compartment exit.  “Listen, our man Ward isn’t all there.  He had a chunk of his head torn off the back and he hasn’t been the same since then.”
“I understand.”
“Ward, Friend!”
“Just say ‘friend’, and yell it.  He likes it when people yell.”  Stinson looked back and then to Jon.
“FRIEND!”  Jon boomed.
“He understands friendship, and killing!”  Stinson’s head nodded.
Jon shook his head back and forth.  “Great.”

As the armory kings doled out the equipment, Jon examined the Punisher Short Sword.  Whipping his wrist about, he felt the old muscle memory come to the fore.
Behind him, the line of young soldiers was lessening as they waited to be given the equipment.  Jon disappeared out of the bowels of the catacombs of the cathedral and up into the training level.
As he stood in the center of the melee circle, he breathed in.  He could still smell Brian’s cigar.  The silence on the floor was overwhelming.  Down below, he could hear the hubbub of the platoon of men and women that were receiving gear.
Jon flipped his sword into the usual underhanded grip, and stepped out, cutting across to his right.  Switching the direction of the cutting edge, he sliced down and to his left.  Pistol out he pretended to jam it in someone’s face.  He spun full circle, cutting again up and aiming low with the pistol.
Left leg sweeping back to his right, he twisted about knocking aside a foe from behind with his gun long enough to carve into them.
“You still move like when I first met you, Jon.”  A familiar voice called across the gymnasium.
Jon raised his vision from his mental world into the physical.
“Although I will say I think the armor will protect you less than your undeniable ability to come out on top.”  
Sam Gordonsen stood at the edge of the circle.  Salt and pepper hair clung in a high and tight style that Jon remembered from a decade before.  He wore a twenty thousand crown designer suit from Dress Up!  Fiddling with his cuff links, Sam approached Jon.
“Sir, how have you been?”  Jon holstered his pistol and sheathed the sword.
“I am well, and yourself?”
Jon nodded.  “I believe I’m employed, in good hands, and about to finally get some answers.”
“It is odd how everything turned out.”  Sam walked around Jon, messing with a felt-tipped pen.  “I was disappointed when you gave me your answer, though I think I understand why.  You’re honorable, Jon.  Quiet.  Diligent.  Everything that someone would want to have as a friend.”
“Thank you, Sir.”
“Ho, boy.  You don’t have to call me, Sir.  You saved my ass years ago, I should be the one calling you, Sir.”
“Maybe so.  But I was just doing what I was supposed to.  And I’ll never change my mind of how I should respect you.”
“Jon, you have done a lot of work for Capitol.  You get this done, you get through this...and I’m going to see to it that you never have to work again.  This is personal.  This is a favor I’ve owed you since I met you.
“I understand.  I will decline the offer, again.”
“Jon, we were at the brink of understanding something that was far beyond what we have.  And I think that if we can get back what was at the Research Labs, that we have a real chance at leading this war into its final stages.
“I’m not asking you to do anything for me.  I’m just asking you to...” Sam clasped Jon’s shoulder.  “I’m asking you to lay these demons to rest.  Inside your head, and outside.  We’ll be better for it, all of us.”

The floodlights kicked on, as the Strausburg Spaceport became illuminated from the Brotherhood buses.  As the troops disembarked, Bauhaus and Imperial troops on the ground, saluted the new arrivals.
Jon leaned against a Quonset hut, looking to Umberto.  “I thought Bauhaus hated Imperial more than life itself, now they’re cleaning up wreckage together?”
“Jon, the Cardinal has already given his message about forgiveness and the Cartel has been the instrument of mending the fences here.  We prosecuted the heretics and Imperial will be donating equipment over the next few weeks to rebuild the civilian sector which was destroyed.”
“What the hell was the invasion about?”
“Heretics, Imperial actually got it right for once-well, partially right.  They still called the heretics ‘cybertronic sympathizers’, which is wrong, but they were on the money about the entire ‘worship the Dark Soul’ and their hideout.  Imperial piled up seventy intact bodies, at the end of the day.”
On the tarmac, Brotherhood troops gathered about, as Shareholder Sam Gordonsen looked at the papers he had prepared.  If it was a speech, his face didn’t show the same enthusiasm as he had when he exited the chopper.  Holding a unwieldy megaphone in his hands, he rolled the papers tightly before shoving them into his flight suit.
“On behalf of the Cartel, I salute you.”  Controlled, poised.  Sam could hardly see anything but the megaphone when he held it to his mouth.  “On behalf of our great religion, I pray for your success.
“Today we’re going to pay a visit to a Dark Legion center of depravity.  They had converted a antiquated Research and Development Center that Capitol once controlled, its near the doughpits and Saladin’s Citadel.
“The sorties are in their latter half, and we have pounded much of their defenses to rubble.  Long range scanning has shown that the missile batteries have been smashed.  Now that the artillery has completed its job, its time for the butcher’s work.
“Your mission is to enter via the north slope and proceed down while Archangels provide cover fire.  At the entry point, you will make your way in and perform a search and rescue mission.  A pair of teenagers, Micah and Malachi Martin, niece and nephew to Bishop Enoch, have been kidnapped. 
“I cannot tell you what you will encounter within the walls.  Our intelligence states Semai cults and those in Ilian’s service hold this site with reverence.  All we can do is ask you perform the deliverance of your mission with utmost care.
“Calistonian Intruders, Legionnaires, Templars, and Children of Ilian are within the site.  Imperial will be running a pincer maneuver from the East, forcing ground forces to bunker up at a cliff face.  You will be the main unit, they are performing sweep operations on the exterior where the fighting will be plentiful.
“God Bless You on delivering your message to them.”
With that, Sam Gordonsen saluted the masses and the floodlights illuminating him were extinguished.

In the helicopter, Jon’s hands would not stop shaking.  He clasped them together tightly, and looked out the window.
“Anxious?”
“Ready to get this over, is more likely,” Jon faced Brian.  Brian was in his own set of combat armor, which made Jon almost laugh.  I would have never thought you’re the warrior.
“What are you really thinking?”  Brian’s voice was above the blades of the helicopter.
“About closure.  This is it.  What the hell happened and why me?”
Someone was moving on Jon’s left side, and he looked to see it was Umberto.  Looking down and up his mystic friend, “so you really are a mystic.”
“Someone said to me you’re going in with the insertion team.  If I have it my way, it will be us three, and Sarge Ward.”
“Interesting, Umberto.  You’d have the mental midget with us?”  Brian was lighting a cigar.
“He’s a saint.  Good Lord loves Saints.  Maybe he’ll direct everyone’s attention to himself and move all the bullets his direction.”
“You’re going to burn for hoping things like that to happen, Priest.”  Brian moved in to get a light on his cigar.
“Why would you want to move Ward from leading the charge from outside the hangar bay?  The troops revere him like the Lemming God.”  Jon was curious, after seeing the battle plans.
“Valkyrie Simons will deliver the masses to the sinners,” Umberto chimed in.  “She has better chances to evade the bullets than Ward does.”
Jon looked behind his row of seats to see a young warrior woman behind Umberto’s seat.  Fully clad in her armor, she wore her helmet with the visor down, only her lips were visible.  She leaned forward, pulling her white glove off and running her hand on his freshly shaven head.  “Stand up, warrior,” she intoned to him, and he did without hesitation.
She wrapped her hands around the back of his scalp and pulled him to her.  He rested his forehead on her breastplate, silent, while she kissed the top of Jon’s head.
He looked up to her, steadied himself on the seat as the chopper began to bank.  “Thank you, maiden.”  He sat down and faced forward.
“Well look at you, I see her first and you go about snatching my prize from me!”  Brian punched at Jon, the armor clanging loudly.  Faces turned to them, interrupted conversations.
As everyone went about their business, Brian smiled at his friend.  “You’ve got the makings of a player if you’d forget your wife.”
“Brian, I put the paperwork in before we left the cathedral.”
“Paperwork?”
“Divorce proceedings,” Umberto interjected.
Jon rubbed the moist spot on the top of his head.  “How many women, Brian, do you actually think I’ve slept with?”  He turned to face Brian, only to see his friend turn away.

Jon felt her adjust him.  He couldn’t move, so she was moving him for her.  Arms outstretched, he looked to his wife, at the bedside.  She looked at her husband, then to the straps which kept him spread eagle.

He looked behind Umberto, and the maiden had leaned back coolly.  With only her lips visible, Jon could still make out that she was a beautiful young lady.
“True love means that you’ll forgive me for this.”  Katrina ran the blade of the knife down his wrist to elbow.  As she licked his arm, hungry to impress, or attempting to freak Jon out, she did the latter.
Katrina rose off the bed, to light the candles.

Jon looked at his hands, which shook uncontrollably.  He leaned forward, and tried to put them between his thighs and the seat.

“You belong to me, Jon Grier.  No matter what someone else might believe, you will know when you look at them.”  Katrina ran her tongue down his nose and licked his eyeball.
“I own you, Jon.”

Jon pulled his hands out from under his thighs, and wiped his eyes.  Sitting back in his seat, he knew Brian was looking at him.
Brian looked on, expecting his own mouth to move, but he sat back, listening to the rotor blades.  He exhaled, watching the smoke drift above.
Umberto, popped his knuckles.  “I really hate cigars, do you insist on smoking them all the time?”
“If I could smoke them when I sleep, I would.”
Jon grinned, his mind back to the present.
“When do you not smoke them?”
“When I’m crawling around sewage, or trying to lure someone into a job prospect, I pop nicotine pills to get my feel.  Sometimes, when I know I’m not going to be able to smoke for a while....”  Brian paused, to look over Jon and at Umberto.  He popped something into his mouth.  “Sometimes I double dip by sending one down the esophagus while filling my mouth with glee.”
He inhaled again, and let the smoke curl around his nose.
Jon looked at the cigar and quickly flicked the cherry off.  Breathing deep, he smiled.
Brian looked at the cigar, the last of the smoke coming out of his mouth.  He reached for his lighter, then decided against it-the clapping from some of the seated neighbors was an indication of what was desired.
Jon felt something on his freshly shaven head, looked up.  It was friendly fingertips from behind, rubbing his head for luck-maybe?  Looking behind him, the Valkyrie was smiling and mouthed the words “thank you.”

- 12 -

Inside her command center, Katrina stood.  Cultists seated in front of her and to her sides, she stood with her hands folded over her chest.  Her scowl on her face registered everything.  The plan was not happening.
She watched the forces gathering on the entry points above.  Some were Brotherhood.  Some were Imperial.
“Any reports from our Semai brethren?”  She looked to her messenger.
“None, Mistress.”
“They are merely a quarter mile from where we stand.  Why don’t you find out how they plan to back up their forces above.  The hordes won’t be able to take that type of punishment for long.”
“Yes, Mistress.”
She turned back to the monitors.  Etched into the bellies of her fallen foes, the displays were a mockery of technology and the articulation of the human body.
A second messenger, on her right.  She pulled him close, sending her cold touch to his spine.  “Do you know what would make a woman most happy?”
“Do tell.”  He shivered.
Good, he’s weak.  “I would like to have my children prepare the corridors for a press from the south.  Any entry points from the north, sabotage with poison gas.  That seems to be where our party is headed.  I would like it to be debilitating, if at all possible.”
“Ye-yes.”
She kissed his forehead and swatted the messenger’s behind.  “Go.” 

On the ground, Jon ran amid twenty others in full Brotherhood Armor.  Up the embankment.  Gripping the Justifier, he made his way, listening to the chopper blades fade slowly behind him.  
Umberto jogged up the trail, only to stop at Jon’s right, huffing and puffing.  “This Purifier is a bit heavier than I thought it would be.”
Jon nodded, noted the Priest was carrying the fire and brimstone in an under-the-barrel flamethrower attachment.  “We’re optimistic with that thing, aren’t we?”
“Hah, I’m optimistic because I’m here!”
Brian, behind the two, ran along side Ward.  Both had AC-17 Justifiers, like Jon.  “Found our man, he says everything is good.”
Ward nodded, gesturing with the chain blade of the light machine gun.  “Good.”

On the ridge, he scanned the horizon, spotting more choppers headed to the site.  “Must be Imps, they’re on schedule.”
Other soldiers ran past the four.
Below them, the Valkyrie had already started her charge down the slope.  The Legionnaires were falling like domino’s before her lead, and the troops were fully behind her.
“What’s wrong, Jon?”  Umberto looked down at the carnage in progress, then to the series of buildings and Quonsets that made up the surface features of the target. 
“She’s in the facility.  I can feel her.”
“Good,” Ward intoned.
“Let’s not keep the missus waiting,” Umberto hefted his weapon.
Jon followed, Punisher Combo clanging on his hips while he loped down the path.
“This running thing is overrated, Ward,” Brian chewed on the unlit portion of his cigar.  He had no choice but to follow the other two men, and Ward followed closely behind them.

With the sun rising, Simons led her masses to the field of battle directly, Jon and company separated, taking a rockier series of paths.  Undead shambled up, only to be cut down by Jon’s firing from the hip.
“Jon, your reputation is deserved,” Umberto said after the last shell casing clanged on the red rocks.
“Yeah, I told him about all that face-shooting you did below the city.  I’m still impressed that you took out as many as you did with low rates of fire.”  Brian leaned against Ward, trying to catch his breath.
To the East, the Imperial forces were cleaving through the masses.  Jon handed Umberto’s binoculars back to him.  “Same as what we’re killing here-things that are already dead.”
“Never run from undead, you die tired,” Ward grinned.
“Why run when we can walk, guys?”  Brian staggered to lean on Ward until the big man moved.

“To me!”  Valkyrie Simons shouted above the clamor of the undead beginning to unearth itself around her troops.  A twisted face tried getting to close to her, and she kicked it’s jaw off its face.  Still it leered close, and she put her Punisher in its face before unloading a round point blank into it.
The troops continued, rallied by their small number of less than fifty with their marshal directing them.

The Imperials made their way quickly pushing the resistance eastward.  A large man, ponytail swinging about, directed his Lieutenants on how to press the opposition back, ending his commands with effective shooting to the enemy.
“For our brothers!”  A battle cry was shouted, and those that heard took it to heart, as rifles butted against flesh to increase the distance between the two, then the barrels of various weapons barked their choir.

Jon’s group was the first of the three to make it to the Quonset Huts.  On the border of the property, six bodies hung upside down on poles.  Partially skinned and pecked to the bone by the birds of carrion, Jon moved away from them.
“We’re here, and so is she.”
“Jon, what would you do if we found your wife dead like those?”
“She won’t be dead when we first meet her.”  Jon moved past the monument and kept his rifle at the ready.  A small knot of pain formed in his stomach.
Ward looked up at the feet of the dead, then down to the head of the corpses.  Looking back to his comrades, “she will be a bear to you, Brian.”
Jon motioned to the entry point from years back.  The others followed across the site, between buildings draped with rotten body parts.
Brian looked at the dead, then to Jon.  “You know, you always bring me to the best places.”
“They’re aware of us being here.”
Ward looked above, and spotted a set of cameras.  Raising his scope to his eye, he ended the surveillance.
Jon pointed to an access that he had used years beforehand.

Jon dropped first off the ladder.  Swinging about, he slung his AC-40 over his back and readied his hands with the Punisher combination.  Indoors, he found it best to have portability and maneuverability in contrast to raw firepower.  “Let there be light,” he commanded.  From the blade of his sword, light shone in arms length radius around Jon.
As Brian stepped off the ladder.  Looking at the blade with his eyes shielded, he smiled at Jon.
Umberto followed, and clapped Jon’s back.  “Good to know the spirit is still within you.”
Ward came down, and stood between the men.  “Where now?”
“This way.”

Katrina watched as her messenger was disemboweled by the Semai cultists.
Her servitors at the communications setup nodded.  “At least it has some redeeming factor, the way they are stringing up the entrails, it is so-“
Katrina slapped the back of the technicians head.  “That was mine!  How dare they do this on the hour of need!”
She leaned into the twisted mass of bloated bodies watching the screens embedded in their stomachs.  Her three horns on her head were very pronounced as she clenched her hands into instruments of torture.
The technician rubbed the back of his head.

The Semai cultists gathered about, pulling their legionnaires that were still underground into a huddle.  As they imparted their instructions, they mapped it out, scrawled on their ally’s belly.  The shambling commenced quickly afterward, the directions tattooed to the souls.

Jon’s stomach tightened.
Ward paused, looking into the gloom, then back to the mote of light that Jon had invoked.
The illumination waned momentarily, as Jon’s mind tried to shove the pain in his stomach away.  Pulling his shoulders back, Jon led the others into a corridor.
“Been a while since you’ve cast anything like that, isn’t it?”
“You read my file, didn’t you, Brian?”
“Intense Inquisitor Training as a young adult, you and your friend Gregory both attended.”
Ward and Umberto followed close behind.  Keeping their eyes open for anything that might jump out at them from the corridors.

Katrina’s heels clicked on the metal plating.  As she approached the door, it opened.  Inside, a cleric of Semai looked over to her while he finished the rest of his drink.
Setting it down, he wiped his mouth with his forearm.  His bulky form was illuminated by the monitors set in the ceiling and walls.  A catheter pumped fluid out of his arms and legs, which were exposed.
“What can I do for you, Mistress Katrina?”  His low voice rolled across the room.
“I want immediate apology for the slaughter of my minion, else we will have to renegotiate your faith’s existence immediately while in my home.”
“We have had our defenses on topside bombed and shattered.  We’ve got two major forces combating our undead.  You’re wanting to bust my chops about a lackey which you sent to us, but you’re doing nothing about a group of invaders topside, thinking superior numbers will whittle them away.”
Katrina pulled him off his chair by the neck.  “I think we have a bigger problem.  Didn’t you feel the tremor when someone above us a few levels cast a blighted light spell?  Then you show defiance to me and mine again!  Our alliance is over.  The seal will be broken after your demise.”
She shoved him into the ceiling, shattering the monitors with his skull.

Simons winced as she scissor kicked a corpse.  Her form was right, but the hand-to-hand combat was fatiguing her.  Landing amid three more undead, she grabbed one outstretched decaying hand and popped her other gauntleted hand up into the elbow joint.
Her opponent moaned as she ripped the limb completely off.  Two hands were on her shoulder from behind, and she ducked out of the hold.
A trooper opened fire on the corpses, sending the three to the ground as soon as the Valkyrie was clear of the firing arc.
“Ma’am, the things are headed back to their base!”
Simons looked over her shoulder, as the troopers were firing into the crowd of retreating corpses.  “Hold your fire!  Use phos grenades!”
On the other side of the battlefield, Simons could see likewise movements through her binoculars.  The Imperials were mowing through the retreating undead.

Katrina began to murmur over the warm body.  As she did, her words began to echo in the small chamber.  The material component began to vacate its body fluids, the catheters split open and the bile washed over the metal grating.
A black flame immolated the corpse, as she continued chanting, repeating it over and over. 

Jon knew the way.  He had been here before, and the memory was unconsciously directing him.  The others behind him, he could feel the answers to so many nights of lost sleep within his grasp.  He could smell the – “Ah!”
Brian knelt down, immediately on his friend who was clutching his stomach.
The clatter of Jon’s Punisher sword and pistol was heard over Jon’s grimaced moan.
Umberto looked about warily, Jon’s light spell wavered then winked out.  Quickly muttering the incantation, Umberto bathed everyone in his own magical illumination.
“What’s going on, Jon?”  Brian half expected Jon to split open from the demons that had clawed at his spirit for so long, finally coming to reality and ripping apart their host.
“Massive amounts of Dark Symmetry are being woven together.”  Umberto could feel the walls breathe with it.
Brian stood up, knowing that he couldn’t do anything while Jon tried to untangle the knot in his stomach.

Simons felt the ground swell beneath her.  She motioned her troops to head towards the tarmac, following the pile of corpses that tumbled down the slope.
Loping down the rock, she heard numerous cries of pain and the staccato barks of weapons like what her troops were using.  Diving behind a rock as bullets split the air from behind, she watched as the recently slain soldiers that were under her command rise and slaughter her remaining troops.
Grim-faced, she slapped a fresh clip, her last clip, in her automatic weapon.

Jon leaned on the wall, looking at the chamber.  Opening from the hall, it was enormous.  Brian’s orb of lumination was able to touch the walls of the room.
Bas-reliefs decorated the walls, illustrating numerous children carrying weapons of destruction and assaulting a urban marketplace.  The children looked so happy, but their smiles held needle-like teeth and they enjoyed the wanton slaughter of the fattened populace.
“Jon, isn’t that your wife?”  Brian looked upward, oblivious to what Jon was doing.
“Where?”  Jon was still looking at the walls, taking it in.
“On the ceiling.  It looks like another clue.”
Jon peered up.   The beautiful face of his wife, Katrina, had been perfectly captured.  From her loins she had birthed a child not unlike the multitudes on the walls.  Here it appeared that in a single frame fresco, she had plunged a skulak into a child of her creation.  By some manner of foul illusion, the act itself caused a blue aura to envelop her.
“It was supposed to be a boy.”
Ward didn’t know what to say to Jon.
Umberto gritted his teeth, even as his new companion’s cheek had a singular tear travel down it.
“I’ll cry later, for this.”
Umberto looked up again, the scene drawing his ire.  “She did it for power, Jon.  If it is what I think, she is a Nephrite.”

Katrina looked at the monitor one last time.  “Jon, it is time you know the truth about me.”
A door opened behind her as her subordinate rushed to her side.  “Mistress, the cultists of Semai have conspired against us!  The poison gas is flooding our chambers and causing our own to pass out!”
Katrina switched off the remaining monitor and ran her hand through her hair.  She nodded and grew to her true height of seven foot.  Three horns sprouted from her mane of hair while her hips and shoulders broadened.  “Fine.  Send my champion to deal with the internal threat, and I will have my children see to our one-time allies.”

On the communication channels, Wolfbane Sergeant McCain was hailed by one of the circling Brotherhood helicopters.  “Be alert, your recently dead might rise.  Our forces have encountered this.”
McCain nodded, the helmet strapped tight.  Looking to his brothers-in-arms, “the Holy Ones have stated that we’ve got to incinerate our fallen!  Their foot troops have found out the hard way.”
As the Imperials switched their tactics, the recently deceased started to rise.
“Hurry up with it, I say!  For our fallen!”
McCain ordered his troops about, incinerating the fallen quickly.

Brian led for the moment, entering a huge antechamber.  Generators hummed distantly on the other side of the room.  Between here and there, were hundreds of glass canisters.  The metal grating was replaced by smooth alloy flooring, wall to wall.
“The hell?”  Brian leaned close to one, then quickly donned his helmet to cycle non-fumigated air into his nose.  “They smell like about everything else we’ve been through, Jon.”
Looking among the rows of them, Jon noted that the entire room had a horrid stink to it.  The containers were large enough to hold a small child.
“Incubators.”  Someone across the room stated.
Brian, Ward, Jon, and Umberto looked to see a tall figure in large blackened armor.  A tabard hung off his shoulders, showing the malign insignia of Ilian.  Helmeted, his voice had a metallic sound to it.  He held a serrated skulak at his side.
“Makes the kids grow quick and strong, with what we feed them.”
“He’s monologuing.  Shoot him while he’s speaking,” Brian whispered over his shoulder to his companions.  Squeezing a round off, Brian watched as the bullet deflected off the breastplate.
The figure paid the round no mind.  “I’ve been waiting a long time for this.”
Jon winced, as the voice became more familiar to him.
“Jon, do you know what the best part of this is?  Your wife has the same butt that you took her to prom with.”  The figure revealed a large skulak, and whirled it above his head.

The Children of Ilian scurried down the hall.  Babbling and hopping, “we’re coming to play!  We’re coming to play with you!  It’s time for a game!”  Smearing bile and muck with every step, the rampage was deafening.

The cultists of Semai prepared for the assault behind mainframes and cabinets.  As the doors opened and the demon spawn lobbed grenades through the opening, chattering and giggling.
“Cover!”  Sydney Allen, one of the heretics ducked, before four others were tossed about by the concussion blast.
Smoke and debris rolled about, casings clattered and the screams of the heretics were overcome by the excited wailing.  Ripping into the room with unnatural speed, the Children of Ilian hesitated.
Some of the mockery’s drew impossibly large weapons from hidden pocket, while other children brought about slingshots and what looked like baby rattles from their soiled diapers.
The heretics that kept their cool had sought cover for the moment when their enemies had thought they had cleared another room.  “Now!”
The exchange had started in earnest.  Sydney remained calm and hidden, crouched under a console. Quietly, while chaos erupted about, he lifted a grating.

- 13 -

On the surface, the Imperials led by Randal McCain, heard on their headsets the Brotherhood force getting mauled by their own.  Largely successful in stemming the same fate, those equipped with long range sniper rifles were panning through the melee, looking for the recently and massively wounded to be belching rounds from their AC-17's.  The other portion of the Imperials gathered and waited for the transport to be airlifted directly to the scene. 

Gregory sneered when he pulled the helm from his head.  Part of his skin pulled away, revealing the rotten sores that had not disappeared since his raising.  “Always the fool.  Jon, you can’t do much more to me than you already have.”
Jon moved Brian aside, “if you want me to kill you again, I won’t hesitate.”  He tossed his helmet to the floor.
Gregory sprinted across the hall, dragging his sword with his left hand.  Raising his right hand in a clenched fist, the Dark Champion was upon his foes quickly.
Umberto began to murmur something as an afterthought, blessing Jon with a holy golden radiance.
Brian looked over his shoulder to Umberto, “don’t do that again, its Jon’s fight.”
Umberto nodded, watching Jon stride forward and duck the heavy blade of his foe.
Following Gregory’s swing, Jon placed a round point-blank through his opponents underarm.  Whipping his blade in tandem, Jon sliced at the greaves on his left leg, causing a shower of sparks between the two.
Gregory kicked at Jon, but Jon spun out of the foots way to slice upward on the boot, putting another round in his opponents breastplate-this one piercing it.
Jon lightly stepped five feet back, and Gregory capitalized on his reach, missing again.
Gregory looked down to see his armor was punctured.  “This would have killed me years ago, thank you-know-who, I’m dead now!”  He whipped the skulak about, slicing at an angle where Jon should have been, but skimming along the warriors armor.
“Scared you’ll die again?”  Jon put a round through his opponents left knee to close the distance.  Pistol-whipping the head while stabbing through Gregory’s wrist, Jon gritted his teeth.
Gregory screamed, then attempted to knee his opponent, causing Jon’s codpiece to ring oddly through the hall.
“Trouble,” Brian stated.
A new menace was across the hall, a thirty-foot-tall woman entered the room.  She moaned, like her joints were in constant pain as she lumbered across the chamber.
“Necrogiant, should be nasty.”  Umberto was a font of knowledge of the Dark Symmetry.
Jon feinted, luring Gregory out of the chamber into the hallway.
Gregory stabbed ahead, his movements were not as quick as they once had been.  
Jon leaning to the side, sliced at the right leg.
“You were no match for my anger back then,” Jon taunted.  Halting his opponents swing by kicking at his wrists, he sliced down again.
Gregory’s armor was dented and punctured in many places.  It did not deter him, as he mimicked Jon’s movements.  Fluidly whipping his weapon about, he could not find Jon on the business end.
Jon stepped back again, avoiding the thrust.  “Closer.”
Gregory tried punching with his right hand, not connecting with his target.
Jon ducked down, slicing along the straps of his opponents leg while pulling the trigger point blank into Gregory’s chest.
Gregory stepped back, while whipping the skulak about, sending sparks along the ceiling and walls.  Jon’s large frame danced about, feinting at every step.
“She still loves you, Jon.”  Gregory sliced down, and bit hard into the metal teeth of the grating.  The skulak did not release its grip on the grating like it did the alloy floors.  Gregory heaved and wiggled it partially free.
Jon capitalized on this, flipping the firing rate to automatic fire.  “Jesus will forgive you for what you’ve done.”  Knocking a weak, gauntleted hand out of his way, Jon unloaded the remaining clip into the skull, sending some ricochets about, but the majority out his back in a bloody mess.
Gregory collapsed forward, brown muck pouring everywhere.  Jon spun about, decapitating his foe before the body could come to rest.

In the incubation hall, the necrogiant grabbed a cabinet from the wall and flung it wildly her opponents.  The three watched it soar overhead and crash into the security panel.
Jon ran forward, seeing his friends combat another big thing.  He couldn’t run fast enough.  The doors slid shut in front of him, cutting him off from his friends.
“That always happens in books and movies,” Brian muttered, ducking for cover so he could ensure he had a full clip.
Ward stood his ground, and took aim.
“Ward, move, or you’ll be paste!”
Ward squeezed off a burst and the necrogiant did not hesitate to hurl a canister at Ward in response.
Ward tried to move, but the large object crashed into his leg, sending him to the floor.
Brian moved from one incubator to another, firing while moving.
Umberto kept his back to the necrogiant.  Pivoting to face the adversary, the magus mistakenly bellowed “magic mi- er, Holy Fist of Durand!”  Five golden orbs leaped from Umberto’s outstretched fist and to the necrogiant.
The large thing actually rocked back on its heels.
Brian looked over to Umberto, “hey can you do that again?”

Jon prayed silently and with conviction, as his golden radiance allowed him to navigate the corridors.

Umberto sprinted to Ward, pulling him directly out of the way of the tossed machinery.  Brian provided cover fire, circling on the beasts left flank and jumping from incubator to mainframe to desk.
Ward moaned and tried to stand, but Umberto shook his head.
The necrogiant attempted to kick multiple pieces of heavy equipment, but they ended up rolling and tumbling out of its control.
Ward pointed at the flamethrower portion of Umberto’s weapon.  “Use that, it’ll be quicker.”
Brian tossed a phosphorous grenade at the thing, but it did not catch it in its effect.  Swearing, he was on the move again.
Umberto cradled Wards head in his hands, gauntlets removed.  He couldn’t help but rub the scarring on the back of the gentle man’s head in awe.
Blessing Ward with the capacity for movement, he looked up to see a need to duck: a piece of the furniture was tossed his direction so flippantly by the giant.
Ward noted his armored leg did not feel as crushed as it did, and pulled the magus to him as the file cabinet soared overhead.
Standing up and ignoring the pain, Ward snagged the Purifier out of Umberto’s hands and circled the beast to its right flank, catching it in a serious crossfire but leaving Brian out of a danger zone.
Pulling the trigger as quickly as he could, he doused the construct as best he could, while Brian lobbed a grenade as quickly as he could.
The necrogiant seemed not to notice that it was fully engulfed as the Napalm dripped down and covered its entire body, but attempted to ravage and harass further.
Brian smiled, seeing the grenade fall true.  It did not even notice it settling near its foot.
The large beast exploded from the force of the blast, fire and flesh flung for yards about the room.  Ward screamed as he ducked, flaming pieces of the monstrosity splattering across the floor.
“Clear!”  Brian yelled.
“Clear!”  Ward couldn’t see any further trouble.
“Clear!”  Jon entered from a side passage.
“Good, you’re back.  Take up front position again, Jon.”
Looking at Brian, Jon shook his head.
“Stop being such a prick and do it.”
Jon looked around, helping Ward to his feet and assisting Umberto in standing.
“Had I a rocket launcher, I would be mighty.”  Ward had a far off look in his eye.  “I could have taken that on from a hundred feet or so.”  He limped behind Brian, but remained vigilant.
The four continued, and they followed Jon.  “Something is awful wrong, I feel like someone is happy, exuberant.  I’m not getting the same feeling like I did before we were split up.”
Brian motioned with his hands, as if to say Elaborate, Jon!
Jon didn’t say anything more.

Above ground, the Imperial forces were assisting in the cleansing of the fallen.  Simons leaned against a outcropping, listening to the Wolfbane.
“I don’t know what else our mission is.  I think that we’ve done everything that we can from here.  Your insertion team should be able to ascertain as to what is needed further.”
She nodded, shifting uncomfortably.  “Await further orders until the green light has been given for us to enter and purge the scene.”
“Thank you.”

- 14 -

Rounding a bend in the corridor, Jon took one look at the door, and saw the wires pushed against the seal.  “Looks like we have a trap.”
“Can you disarm it?”
Jon cast a puzzled look.  “I guard property and people, I don’t get my hands blown off.”
Mouth slack, Brian couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  The operation had gone somewhat smooth until this point.  Ward’s limp not withstanding or Umberto and them having to confront a gigantic foe and use magic of all things to bring it down.
“It’s a trap, Brian.”  Jon turned to exit and see if there would be another way.  The doorway sealed shut as Jon felt a pressure plate depress.
He halted, mid-stride.
The others leaned towards him.  Ward looked down, seeing the tile sink a half inch.
Jon looked over his shoulder, to see Umberto level his rifle at the door.  Putting his head down, he winced.
Umberto turned his head in anticipation.
Jon remembered his helmet, and donned it the moment the Magus pulled the trigger, sending shell casings spilling out blowing the door open.
A deluge began, the trapped door opened, and Jon felt the trap he was standing on release for a moment.  Long enough for him to get his foot off the tile before it was severed by the crisscrossed blades that flitted through it.
Brian screamed, the sprinklers spewing acid from above.  Quickly trying to cover his head, the Capolitan ran out of the room.  Ward and Umberto followed with Jon coming in behind, the four sets of armor they were wearing smoldering with the caustic agents.
Brian rounded the hallways to his right, still wincing and crying from the pain.  He screamed as his thighs became severed from his hips and toppled over.
Umberto and Ward stopped, and Jon rounded the bend, skidding  into them.  Before them a large fiend hissed.
“Get back,” Umberto hissed.
Ward pulled Brian back by an arm, blood pouring out of his armor.
Jon heard the deluge cut off, acid dripped slowly to a halt.
“Back, foul spawn!”  Umberto raised his weapon and strode forward.  There was pure power in his tone.
The beast held its ground, but winced as Umberto stepped closer.
Umberto stepped forward, seeing the beast as it was.
A feminine creature, clawed and muscular, gritted its teeth defiantly at the Holy Man.  It spat at the Magus, daring him to come closer.  The ram-like horns curved about, framing her face.
Jon whirled about to see dozens of tiny creatures run at him from around the corner.  Carrying pistols and blades, large cannons, baby rattles, and slingshots, they skidded to a stop.  The second and third ranks bumped their companions in front of them from behind.
They look like children.  Jon pushed the thought from his mind as they smiled evilly.
They tried to overbear him but Jon was more accurate than they were successful, the twenty two bodies splitting open like ripened melons on a fall day.
Umberto tapped the butt of the Purifier on the floor, screaming “be healed, sinner!”  A wave of force blew the fiend off its feet and sent the scattered and mauled remains of the children to the bulk heads.
Jon flattened himself with the wall, feeling the rush of invigorating energy pulse through him.  Finishing the motion, he flung his sword at the fiend, who was tumbling back.
The blade caught her in the throat, stapling her neck to the wall behind her.
Slinging the AC-17 over his shoulder, he reloaded his pistol.  Jon retrieved his blade, while Umberto catered to Brian’s Last Rites.
“...and let this be a cleansing, for your soul, as it is renewed, in the bosom of our Deity.”
Brian mouthed “thank you,” to him, eyes fluttering to Jon.  His hand reached for the former security guard.
Jon kneeled down opposite the Holy Man.  Clasping Brian’s hands, “thank you, friend.  You’ve given me a purpose.”
Brian smiled.  Weakly, “I’m sorry I disrespected you before.”
Jon nodded.  All the time that he had been witness to the death of a comrade before had hardened him.  “I should be crying, now,” he thought.  No tears could be found, at this time, for Brian Stephenson.
Brian gripped Jon and Umberto placed his hand on the man’s forehead.  When the grip turned weak, Jon placed his hand on the shoulder of the overseer one last time.  Brian passed on.
“We should go.”  Ward advised.
Umberto kissed his rosary and motioned for all to stand back. Engulfing the corpse in the flame, Brian was torched.

Katrina looked about the vehicles.  The majority of them were reduced to rubble or scrap, as the battle between her children and their foes had carried on into the motor pool.  Even the mechanism for opening the door to the exterior was destroyed.
She was accompanied by two of her servants and dragged a cultist of Semai about by a chain. 
“We can leave here, retreat to the Citadel of Saladin.”  The advisory tone of the cultist wavered.
Katrina glowered.  “I can, indeed.  But would you fight if I turned my back on you?  Would you flee like the coward that you are or attempt to kill me on your escape.  No, I’ll stay.  And you will die before I do, today.”
The cultist took in a breath, “I would never betray you, I love you and your ability to make me feel—”...
Katrina grabbed the cultist.  “You make me sick, sniveling and begging for mercy instead of thinking what to do next.  Our forces are cut dramatically because of your kind’s sudden but inevitable betrayal.”
“My Liege would have me killed quicker than you would.  I gain more by assisting you.”
She pulled him close, as her two allies pressed against him.  “What happens when you have nothing further to gain from me?”
He looked away only to see a leering face of a cultist who had been given a face just like Katrina when she was a mere human.  “I have everything to gain from you.”
“Your servitude is waning.  First you serve Him, then you tell me you would serve at my side like a dog?”
She wrapped her arms about him, purring into his ear.  “I know that you would rather be around to see what you could accomplish, and I appreciate the offer.  Maybe my Mistress would find better use for you.”
Her arms gripped him tightly and she stood straight up, tilting her head back as she pumped the man in her embrace again and again.
The cultist did not know what was happening, as his chair loosened at first, he felt her slip her arms so quickly around him.  He felt a wash of cold come over him, and the time to be afraid was upon him.
Her two clones tilted their heads back as well, hair spilling about, pulling themselves closer to their maiden of power.
Trying to push himself away from her, he could not.  He craned his face from her breasts as far as he could, but she smothered him within them and put her hand on the back of his head.
“Don’t fight it, accept it.  You’ll be okay, you’re all mine, now.”  She kissed his forehead.
The male felt his body become numb, cold.  Engulfed by the three in a deadly capacity, their combined effort tossed his soul from the body.
In the ether, he could see himself below go limp.  Katrina pressed her lips to his.  His soul flung itself away from the scene, and became one with nothingness.

Letting the cultist of Semai collapse to the grating, Katrina wiped her mouth and stood to her full height.  “Reanimate him, he can still be of use to me.”
The two nodded in unison.  Dragging Sydney by a leg, they followed Katrina out of the garage.

Umberto wiped his eyes with a soft rag.  Putting the cloth back under his breastplate, he looked at his remaining companions.  “I really hate the Big Guy on days like today.”
Jon looked at him, biting his lower lip.  “Dare I ask?”
“Something happened, long ago, where the Big Guy decided for an indeterminate amount of time, no more magic.  Almost like a magic condom had been placed over the vast stretch of humanity.
“Now you know that for the longest time, the Brotherhood ancestors didn’t like condoms.
“So from the medieval times until the thinking machines went rampant and Algeroth began his assault, no human had a real concept of the Art like we do now.  Humanity could have benefitted so much from the beautiful ways that it works.  Alas, the Man Upstairs didn’t want us to blow ourselves apart until Durand could uncork that wine bottle.
“So here we are, the Brotherhood.  Now accepting marriage between our ranks and women, and incinerating practices which don’t encourage or allow heterosexual work.  I love the Art.”
“You just monologued on and on about how you wish humans commanded magic and topped it off with you love sex between a grown man and a grown woman?”  Jon couldn’t have asked the obvious any better.
Umberto looked at Jon and smiled.  “We don’t have to wait for sex offenders performing criminal sexual assault to die before we give them the fire and brimstone.”  He tapped the barrel of the Purifier.
“I don’t know what to make of that, Magus.  I think that when you die, you can give your list of recommendations and improvements to the Big Guy and see how he takes the memo.”
Jon gulped the last of the water out of his canteen.  Smacking his lips he jiggled the container, hearing no water slosh about.  “I can make more, I just need some wine to do it with.”  He smiled.
Umberto’s golden orb of light bobbed up and down, right behind him.
Ward simply smiled.  Bitterly, he knew that he had lost a good ally, but he could not help but feel he was nearing the end of the day’s journey.
Jon approached a door, the pressure sensitive plate activated and it slipped open quietly.
The rolling stench of evil bellowed down the hall.  Jon and Brian put their helmets back on, while Ward leaned over to vomit.
“Good thing this place is almost one hundred percent grating.  We would never had such luck.”  Umberto quipped.  Looking at Ward, he watched the large black man wipe his mouth.
Jon looked about the chamber.  The orb illuminated the room quite well, and for the first time in months.
Two children, bound to each other, dangled from their ankles.  Nailed to poles in the center of the room, Jon flipped his head about.  Both of the children were dead, possibly for over a day.  Their necks were chewed open, until the jugular had been compromised.
“The mouth used for this was no bigger than a child’s.”  Kneeling to examine both of them, he looked to Umberto.
Umberto was staring at the tiny bloody footprints all over the floor.  Directing his light to shine closer to the floor, he closed his eyes, and touched his rosary.
“I’m so sorry, you two.”  Jon looked at the children.  Both were young, and had the capacity for athleticism.  Now, hanging upside down, their bodies were discolored from the horrid ceremony which had caused their demise.
“Honor them by bringing their killer to justice, Jon.”
Turning his head to look at Ward, Jon only smiled.  “It is what any good person would do, hombre.”
Brian walked about as Jon gave mental prayers.  “You two, come look at this.”
Jon rose and Ward stood at rapt attention at his side.
A man more than 50 years of age had been chained to a wall. Looking to the center of the chamber, Jon turned his head again to the old man:  The old man’s gaze had been fixated on the center of the room as well.  Deep cuts were in the old mans palm’s and wrists; the bracelets chaining him to the cruel apparatus above him were rimmed with abrasive textures and dull blades.
The look of defeat was etched on the man’s face.   Jon and Brian both went white as it dawned on them who it resembled.
In unison, the two whispered “Enoch.”
“Very good, Love.”  Katrina purred, her shadow crossing the walls.  “Please, be a dear and turn off that light.”  The sound of her cool exhale cast the room into total darkness.

Katrina walked out of the cathedral.  Her white robes fluttered with the breeze.  Her dark hair looked stark in contrast to her clothing.  
Father Enoch followed behind.  
The medics carried Gregory to the rear of the ambulance.  Putting the stretcher in, none of them said a word.
Katrina and Father Enoch entered.  She concentrated on maintaining the holy man’s gaze, and moved Enoch’s hands to Gregory’s chest.  The ambulance doors closed, and the vehicle rocked, continuing so until the driver and passengers were in.

“He did serve his purpose.  Just as many others have.”  Her voice sounded so close in the sanctum.
Ward backed up, unable to see.  Slowly, he could hear the crunchy bits under his boots.
Umberto began to count his beads, dispelling the illusion of the darkness around them.
“Stop that!”  She shrieked.
Feeling another layer of despair hit him, he felt his mental buttress shelter him.  Completing the prayer, the shadows in the room retreated to the corners.
Katrina stood opposite them, her two clones by her side.  They all were wreathed in blue flames.
Ward was finished being scared.  A Katrina came screaming at him, arms raised to slash his eyes out.  She covered the ground quickly, and Ward ducked aside as she raked the air once, twice, three times.
The other Katrina’s began to circle about, the Sanctum especially bright from the Magus made their very steps painful.  One of the Katrina’s quickened her steps, and was upon Ward’s backside.
Ward spun to meet the attacker only to be grappled from behind.  He grabbed his knife from its sheath and before the fiend could finish him off completely he plunged the knife in its chest.
The lone combatant remaining squared off against Umberto while Jon attempted to run to Ward’s aid.
Ward stumbled back, trying to shake the magical touch.  Dazed, he did not see her come in fast with her hands at the ready.
Ward’s helmet was ripped off, the fiend shredding into his neck.  Laughing maniacally, she tilted her head back in triumph.
Ward looked shocked, aside from fountains of his lifeblood spurting from him furiously.  He looked down to see his shoulder pads drenched red.
Jon grabbed the thing by her hair and yanked it back with his right hand while stabbing through its shoulder blades with his short sword.  Grunting, he heaved her off her feet.
Umberto flexed and stretched his hands within his gauntlets.  Unafraid of the woman before him, he sidestepped left to put her on a lateral movement.
Katrina inhaled and shed the illusion of being a tall, stately woman.  In her place, the vile form of her new self stood.
Katrina’s long hair hung in a ponytail.  Her shoulders were heavily layered in augmented muscle.  Her spiked armor was not form fitting and alluring, but very practical for her deadly embrace.  Spiked kneepads and elbow pads complimented the three horns that she was crowned with.
Jon tossed the creature aside, feeling a strong pressure in his gut.  He looked behind him and saw which of the three was the real power.  
Turning back, he saw the creature that had been given his wife’s original form.  It knew it was in trouble, for it had suffered a nasty wound from Ward’s blade.  It pulled the knife slowly from its chest.
Jon capitalized on this and sent his own short sword through its neck.
It stumbled backwards, trying to staunch the flow of its fluids.
Jon inserted a new clip in his pistol and at close range emptied it.
The thing toppled over, and did not move any more.
Umberto began to recite litany from the pages of exorcism, his voice booming through the chain-littered chamber.  “From the light whence this power is allowed forth, purge the unclean from the corpus.  Bring the sinner to the altar, and let them know that my power is above all!”
Katrina winced, bathed in his holy glow.  Covering her eyes with her forearm, she stepped back towards the door.
“Sorry, hon.  Before you leave I need my divorce papers finalized.”  Jon guarded the door.
She hissed loudly, recalling words of abyssal power and forming an incantation.
Before she could finish, Umberto boomed again.  “Be cleansed, foul vessel of evil!”
Katrina shrieked.  Waving her arm, she caused the chains in the room to animate and wrap around Umberto.
The magus screamed as hooks imbedded themselves between the plates of the armor and the protective layers underneath them.  The armor was being pulled off, without any of the pieces being loosened up.
Jon grabbed Ward’s Punisher short sword from his waist and stepped to gain her attention.  “If you won’t sign on the dotted line, then I will be a little angry with you!”  He swung upward tearing into her calf then along her thigh.
She tried to grab him, but Jon reacted quickly enough to parry her arm with the short blade.  Bile and pieces of the dark unholy armor splintered about, and Jon forced her to fight him on his terms.
The tethers on Umberto’s armor were loosened by Jon’s distraction.  The magus relaxed, mentally undoing the chains attached to him.
“I tried to be the best husband I could be.  You denied me that every time I tried.”  He parried her arm with his pistol, spinning her center of gravity to her left, opening her up to him fully.
“You were a pawn, you weren’t supposed to think, to cut your strings!”  She punched out at him, sending a wave of force directly into him.
Jon tumbled away as best he could, but ended up knocking his head on a pillar.  “Ouch!”
Umberto leveled his rifle at her, and she heard the napalm engage before it could hit her.  He panned the barrel, incinerating the preserved corpse of Bishop Enoch and setting patches of flesh on the walls and floor aflame.
Katrina stood to her full height.
Umberto pulled the trigger again, feeling the weapon not discharge what it should.  Dropping the weapon, he removed his own short sword from its scabbard and in the same motion, flung it at her.
Katrina stumbled back a step, then sank to her knees, blood dampening her robes.  For moments she looked at the hilt of the sword protruding from her belly.  Gripping the handle, she began to remove the blade from her stomach.
Behind her, she heard Jon say “heal the wound while the blade is in it.”
Katrina looked up, seeing both the Magus and Jon Grier standing behind her.
Jon hoisted his pistol, ready to unload at almost point blank range.  “Its time to answer some questions, hold palaver.”
She began to murmur to herself, and the barrel of the gun lowered to her breastplate and barked once.
“You’ll have to stop injuring her so I can heal this wound.”
Jon gave his friend a few moments while he spoke Latin.  “No problem.  Time for that Dear Jon speech, hon.”  
“I’ll buy you a steak when we get topside.”
“Soy or actual cow-steak?”
Katrina tried to pull the blade from her stomach, but Jon stepped on the flat of it, causing her to stop.  “Soy, but we’ll get actual sauce instead of the protein-laden crap.  The roaches love the sewers under steak houses that use that stuff.”
“Soy steak is good, that will suffice.”  Umberto leaned down, putting his knee in her back.  “Answer his question, and you will not have to wait long for what comes after.”
Katrina knew he was right.  She could feel the power abandoning her, she had fallen to her enemy.
“Katrina, I’m not going to ask you what happened.  I saw the murals, I noticed the demon children had our good looks...so I’m not going to ask you what exactly happened.  I am going to ask you why you thought that I would put up with it.”
As she sat, doubled over, the pain not registering, still the awkwardness of her seated position and the blade that ran through her body did not help.  I’m finished, she thought.
“Why did you think that I would be a good man and let you run amok and do this sort of thing?  Didn’t you realize how I was when I wasn’t mentally sedated by whatever it was that you did to me?”
Katrina breathed in and out, slowly.  Her three horns on her head tilted forward as she tried to gain some modicum of comfort.  “It was power that I wanted.  I wanted the power.  Killing our baby was worth it, because I was granted the power I wanted.”
“Thank you.”  For a moment, Jon paused, wrapping his hand around the hilt of the blade.  Then quickly, he drew his Punisher firearm and put the remaining rounds in her neck.  As he felt her sliding back to the floor, he pulled the blade from her belly.
The corpse flopped over, and the immediate sound of a splattering was punctuated by the shell casing hitting the floor.
“Any phosphorous left?”
Jon nodded, “yeah.  To the doorway, and out of here.”

Walking through the complex, Umberto looked at his friend occasionally.  He didn’t say anything to him during the walk up.  Occasionally, Umberto would give a word of thanks, weapons clanging on his hip.
Climbing up the exit ladder, Jon allowed Umberto to go up first.  The stench of the rituals and the blood gradually lessened as he neared the top of the ladder.  Getting to the top, he pulled himself free and above ground.  
He looked back into the gloom to see Jon holding his own pistol to his head.

- 15 -

Having a private moment, Jon tested himself one last time.  “I’m going to be alone when I die.  Nobody will force me to do this.  I am a better man by accepting what I did and how I confronted it.”  Despite this, Jon felt his hand increase pressure on the trigger.  The knot in his stomach had not released.  The same feeling of intense pain had not left him.
Jon knew that he could take his gun off his temple at any time.  He knew it.
Unconsciously his hand positioned the barrel under his chin.  Tears welling up in his eyes, he felt the scathing voice boom internally, “You let her die.  You didn’t try to forgive her, you didn’t try to save her. You were an enabler because had you let her go about her business, she would have died by her mistress’ hand.  You only furthered Ilian’s cause.  You’ve accomplished nothing.”  Jon’s lips ceased moving.
He thought about it for a moment.
“You’re nothing.  You’re no more a man than you were lying on your back being defeated by a stinking potato farmer on the wrestling mat.  You will die.”
Jon’s other hand lowered the gun to the floor.  Speaking with rationale, “I’m sure I will, but let time dictate how it happens.”
While his stomach rumbled, he clambered up the ladder quickly.  Pulling himself outside, he no longer noticed the rancid smell.

Simons beamed at McCain.  “Thank you for saving my life.”
“No problem.  My Granny would have beaten me if I would have let a lass like you bite it out here.  I think today she thinks me proud.”
Assisting Simons into the helicopter, McCain went about, torching the bodies one final time.  The blades caused enough wind to blow the light pieces about the mountainside.  When he was finished, he planted his sword into the ground and touched his forehead to the pommel.
“Brother Tim, I hope wherever you are, you know I love you.  I haven’t seen you since we entered Strausburg, and I am worried.  If what I’m thinking is right, tell Mum that I love her.”
Standing up and pulling the sword from the ground, he went back to the helicopter and took position in the port gunner’s seat.

Looking around the tarmac, Jon watched as more troops arrived.  The research team was en route, but waiting for the force to muster on site.
“How many troops will be here?”
“Jon, they keep saying seventy-five troopers for military purpose only.  I can safely assume we’re seeing the two-three rule in place.  Two troopers for every three civilians.  That makes sense to me here.”
A captain joined them on the tarmac.  “You two are ordered to return to San Jose.  Your performance will be evaluated there.”
Umberto nodded.  
The knot had finally dissipated in Jon’s stomach.  He looked about the site, not seeing the set of bars that had wandered to him.  “When they finish I want this place razed and buried.”
Umberto took a double take at his comrade.
“They’ll find a few more pieces to the puzzle that we found. I don’t see it being any big revelations.”
The captain couldn’t hide his annoyance.  A rankless specialist stating what would happen!
“I don’t care what your feelings are, or if you feel that you represent some magnanimous force, Officer.  I know what will happen if they don’t want a repeat of what happened.  Especially this close to our Adversary’s Citadel.”
Slack jawed, “I demand more respect than what you have demonstrated!”
Jon slapped the mans back as he walked to the chopper.  “I’m sure that you do.”
Umberto quickly joined his friend, buckling himself in the second row behind the pilot and navigator.  Saluting the captain who still stood on the tarmac, he pulled his helmet on and flipped the visor down.

San Jose, Mars.
Sitting in the sidewalk café, Jon sat opposite his friend Bruce.  The two Capolitans inhaled deeply, almost in tune with each other.  The passing waitress sat the water pitcher on the table and offered to pour into their glasses.
Bruce watched her leave, grinning.
Alarms sounded in the distance, dulled by the traffic.
“So, what do you expect to get from all of this?”
The shorter man turned back to the burly enforcer.  Shoving a cigar into his mouth, he fumbled at the lighter for a few moments, appearing incompetent.  The waitress attended to him and seconds later he exhaled a cloud of tobacco-laden smoke.
Jon waved his hand through the mess.  “You know I hate that, don’t you?”
“Jon, you’re such a prick.  I would think that a sum of around three would be awful nice.”  He puffed on the thick wrapping.  “You know when you smoke these, you can’t smell how bad the rest of the world is.”
“Only three?”
“Yes.  How much did you make?”
Jon smiled and sat back in the metal laced chair.  Inhaling the fresher air as he did so, “I have a counter offer.  I rejected the official sum for a small contract bid with Gordonsen.”
 Bruce’s eyebrows shot up like Groucho Marx’s.  “Feed me, what did you have in mind?”  The agent sat forward, shoving the cigar out in his hand and flicking ash to his right.
“I think it would be safer for Sam and me to start a small security firm, to do things slow.  He offered me originally six digits.  I stated that I would have to think about it.  That is why I’m here with you.  I ask, what now?”
Bruce chuckled, inhaling on the cigar.
“That looks phallic.  You should probably get a trip to the clinic for enjoying that motion so much.”
“I was thinking that if you and Sam start that, it would be short order before Capitol offers you a bid on whatever you would start.  Just premonition, speaking.”
“Really?”  Jon stretched his arms.  “I can handle a buy-out.”
“Thought you could.”  Turning to pop his neck, Bruce whistled low.  “Here comes your baby-momma, by the way.”
Jon looked over his shoulder and saw Amber coming up the walk.  Her lightweight blouse and short skirt were not the highlights of her movements.  “After I get done, can I have a cigar?”
Bruce stood.  The shaven head gleamed with sweat.  Fishing a stogie from his breast pocket, he handed it to Jon.  “I’ll let you two talk.  Hi Amber, I was just on my way, have my chair.”  He offered to scoot her in once she sat down.
“Oh, thank you!”  She smiled as best as she could to the stranger.
“All mine,” came his nod.
Jon put his forehead in his hand, then wiped his own beads of sweat off his face.  “Yeah.  I think we could talk for a bit.”
The short man hurried off, giving the thumbs-up sign to Jon.
Jon’s response was a simple wave, “call when you have something for me!”

Umberto sat uncomfortably, reviewing the documents.  Noting red marks on the various sheets of paper, then looking at reams of other related information, he could only hope that the air conditioning in his office would be fixed soon.
Pulling a manila folder out, he opened it on his desk, ready to start the shuffle of integral documents into it.  Warming the wax, he noted the photos with more red marks.  Feeling accomplished, he picked up a veritable ream of notations, witness forms, diagrams of insertion, and stacked it all on itself.  Pulling the folder together, he folded it on the creases and tried to let it appear finished.  The manila could not cover the cover sheet and the four-inch stack.
Dribbling the wax down the exposed paper, he poured until the tank was empty.  Applying his ring, he pressed until the Gambino insignia was pressed at both the top and bottom.  Letting it dry, he looked at the live footage from upstairs in the Cathedral.
The ceremony for Jericho Enoch had finally completed itself.  In time for evening mass.  Presented live on thirty various networks, the ceremony for Jericho Enoch wrapped up in time perfectly for evening mass.  The new Bishop of San Jose was ready to lead the faithful and devout in prayer.
Good, the footage of his father had not been exposed as had been feared.  Sure, the pirate networks and forums of the underground media had found snippets of Senior Enoch, bubbling and frothing at the mouth until his own Fury Elite guardsmen had dispatched him.  They could have their pound of flesh.  If they knew the truth, the horrid truth, and the circumstances around it- Umberto shook his head and grinned.
Jericho had a face for the public relations.  It had cost him much of his father’s first year salary to reconstruct it in the mold of perfection.  His performance in the cathedral was stellar, according to his file.  Until he was a liability for those that preached the Book of Law, he would be San Jose’s front man.
Umberto picked up the report and headed out of his office.  Whistling and alternately humming the tune of ‘Amazing Grace’, he could not help but feel like the battle of the day had been won.


Cast and brief synopsis
Jon Grier-Our hero of the tale, who hailed from the neighborhoods of Luna and journeyed to Mars pursuing a career in security and law enforcement.
Brian Stephenson-          A Capitol Corporate overseer for a group of active shareholders.  Brian gets to lead the team from Strausburg to their destination.
Katrina Grier-Wife of Jon Grier.  
Brotherhood-A superpower of which there are six.  The Brotherhood is the descendants of the Roman-Catholic Church that have gone back their crusader ways, attempting to purge humanity of heretics and rogue religions.
Capitol-A corporate superpower.  The Capitol Way is one of pure capitalism.  There is no other way to live, in their philosophy.  Capitol laid the groundwork of infrastructure on Luna, and control a vast majority of Mars.
Bauhaus-A corporate superpower.  Bauhaus is reputed to have the best mass produced manufactured goods.  They control the majority of Venus, and have outpost towns on other inner planets of the solar system.
Imperial-      A corporate superpower who believes in armed conquests.  The Imperials use quick hit and fade tactics almost exclusively, due to the size of its forces.  
Semai-A vile apostle that holds the title of “Lord of Spite.”  He has a horde of fiends at his disposal that often can infiltrate into society easier than his dark brethren.
Dark Symmetry-The technology used by the powers of the Dark Soul.  Some people have an ability to sense this.
Heretics-Those that have sold their souls into the bondage of a vile power for gifts of dark symmetry grafted onto their flesh, and the ability to use supernatural powers.
Brother Enoch-The Brotherhood PR man for Mars.  He’s on every billboard if it is holy, and loves being the center of attention.
Skulak-A heavy pole arm named by Imperial troops.  Used to disembowel enemies of the Dark Symmetry, like a flay knife in a walleye.




Out takes

Jon pulled the underwear drawer open.  Under his boxers, he found a note that from time to time he read.  It stated “The best has yet to be, Jon.  Keep fighting, keep pushing.”  It was signed, no-scribbled, Bruce.

Jon leaned his head back on the mirror.  The Everyman logo was on the wall opposite him, along with instructions on what to do if someone is choking.  Sniffing the air, he coughed.  “Brian, change your diet.”

The skeleton hacked into Pat’s thighs!  Dispatching the security guard, it tilted his head back and cackled, “I’ll get you my pretty!”

Jon and Amber kept trying to dim the lights.  As they would retreat to the bed, a handler would come out and turn up the kerosene lamp to make it not quite as dark.
Jon would steam and stomp out of the bed to turn the lamp to a dim radiance.  “Dammit Bruce, I don’t want to be in Harlequin Romance!”

Denny and Cecil laughed, reading the entry on ‘Kill ‘Em Dead Security’.  “That happened in our session!”  They kept reading through the book you now hold.

Bruce chuckled.  Reading the entry on Brian biting it thanks to massive leg wounds, he couldn’t help but enjoy the book that you purchased.  “Yeah, that happened to me-lots.”

Jon wanted to reach through the screen and throttle Bruce.  “You don’t have to make me such a goodie-goodie two shoes!”
“Goodie-goodie two shoes!  Goodie-goodie two shoes!  I’m the good guy, I don’t cuss or swear!”
“Shut up!”

Thanks for reading this.  I had fun.  Hopefully you did, as well.  Again, reach me at brucifer75il at my hotmail inbox…



