


Sacred Water
Book 1
Half Brains

Charles Kaluza

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2010 Charles Kaluza

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author


Chapter 1

Daniel could hear angry voices on the other side of the door.   He thanked his guide and turned toward the heavy wooden door knocking softly.  He waited for a response and then knocked more forcefully.  The room became silent.  The door creaked open and he saw four of the royal physicians standing in front of a large stone fireplace.  The candlelight filled the room with a warm glow but also cast shadows making the standing physicians seem larger-than-life with darkened faces.
“Excuse me, I am Daniel and believe you sent for me.  How can I be of assistance?”
The oldest man dressed in a scarlet robe snarled, “You are the healer from the Forest?  You seem little more than a boy.”
“I am of the Forest and I am learning the skills of a healer.”
“The King’s daughter is ill and your opinion has been requested, against my council.  You are not to perform any treatment unless it is authorized by us.  Is that understood?”
Daniel nodded before asking, “How long has she been ill?”
The youngest of the royal physicians responded, “The Princess developed a loss of appetite three days ago and we treated her with a purgative without relief.  Her illness has progressed to severe pain in her abdomen and a moderate fever which we have treated with a bloodletting.  She is now suffering from deliriums, and has required repeated bloodlettings for control.”
Daniel said, “I will try.”
Daniel was led into the bedroom space which was dimly lit by a single candle near the bed.  The smell of illness permeated the room and in the bed lay a young woman who was as pale as the sheets covering her.  Her blond hair was damp from the cool cloths that the attendant was applying to her forehead.  Daniel introduced himself but she did not respond.  He felt her pulse and a deep furrow formed between his eyebrows.  The pulse was rapid and instead of a strong surge of blood pushing through the artery he felt only the sensation of a string with a series of small knots moving beneath his fingers.  He had the attendant hold the candle close to her face as he pulled down her eyelid.  The lining was almost white instead of the normal pink.  He examined her hand and noted the very pale fingernails.  He pressed against the nail bed and watch how slowly the blood returned.
He used the listening tube held against her chest wall trying to hear her heart which sounded distant.  The breathing did seem clear but very shallow.  He placed his hand over her abdomen and felt for the normal movements of the intestines, there was none.  The abdomen was stiff and mildly swollen.  As he moved his hand slowly around the abdomen an area of increased warmth was present on the right side.  He gently pushed and she responded with a groan.  He repeated the pressure and quickly released his hand which produced a much louder groan.  The royal physicians were obviously becoming concerned with the pain he was causing.  Daniel completed his exam and walked out into the antechamber.  He was followed by the other physicians.  Daniel was biting his lip and thinking.
The junior physician asked, “What are your thoughts?”
Daniel looked up at them and said, “She is quite ill and has lost too much blood.  I think her appendix is ready to rupture and her only chance of surviving is to have it removed.”
“You would be willing to operate on the King’s daughter?”
Daniel replied, “In the Forest we have no king and everyone is given the same chance to live.”
The physician in the red robe asked, “And you think she is strong enough to tolerate the ether?”
“No, she is much too weak.  The surgery would have to be done with just some extract of poppy.  If her nature is strong enough she’ll make it.  Without surgery she will die within a few days.”
The physician in the red robe said, “The King is awaiting our decision.  We had better present ourselves.”
Daniel held back when the others were leaving.  It was not until he was told directly to join them that he followed along.  They entered the King’s library.  Daniel’s attention was initially drawn to the very rich woodwork.  The room was paneled in a chocolate brown colored wood and highly polished.  It was only when the figures sitting next to the fireplace turned that he realized he was in the presence of the King.
The King asked, “How is my daughter?”
The physician in the red robe replied, “She is not yet improving.  We have had the healer from the Forest evaluate her as your Queen requested.”
“And what does this stranger say?”
Everyone turned and looked at Daniel who after a moment of silence said, “Sir, your daughter has an infection of her appendix.  If she does not have surgery she will die soon.  She is so weak that surgery is of itself very dangerous.”
The King asked, “And you would be willing to operate on my daughter?”
“If your daughter were my patient, I would perform surgery on her.”
The King turned to the physician in the red robe and asked, “Why would this healer from the Forest be willing to operate and you are not?”
The physician responded, “Sire, the Princess is too weak and we are afraid she would not survive an operation.  Hopefully, with a little more bloodletting, she will recover.”
The King turned again to Daniel and asked, “You disagree.  Why?”
Daniel said, “Your daughter has already lost too much blood.  She may die from surgery but will certainly die without it.”
“You tell me my daughter will die if she doesn’t have surgery and my royal physicians tell me that she will die with surgery.  How is a father to decide?”
Nobody spoke and the King began to pace around the room and then stopped and just stared into the fireplace.  He finally spoke, “My daughter is a feisty one and not for indecision.  She would take the risk of surgery.  So my decision is made; proceed with your operation.”
The physician in the red robe began to object but the King held up his hand and just motioned them to leave.  Outside in the hallway the Royal physicians began arguing amongst themselves but Daniel was already visualizing the required steps for the operation.  It was a surgery he had performed many times before but never on a patient who was so ill.  He was most concerned about her weakened condition and knew that she could not afford to loose any more blood.
His thoughts were interrupted by the demand, “I hope you’re ready for this.  If you fail, and the Princes dies, the burden will be on your shoulders.  Dr. Racawits will assist you and make sure you do things properly.
Daniel just nodded before saying, “I’ll need a sturdy table covered with some blankets and lots of candles.  She will not tolerate ether so the surgery will need to be performed with just extract of poppies.  I will require one-half small cask of sacred water for preparation and clean linen strips.  We must control any bleeding so a charcoal pot and a small cautery rod will be needed.  If you could prepare these items and administer the extract of poppies I will go retrieve my surgical instruments.”
The younger physician, whom Daniel assumed was Dr. Racawits, spoke up and said he would make sure everything was ready.  Daniel turned to leave but realized that he did not know his way out of the dimly lit castle.  He turned to ask for help.
The physician in the red robe laughed and said, “This Forest healer thinks he can save the Princess but he can’t even find his way out the door.  You would do much better turning left and going down the stairs.  I can’t support this decision so I am going to bed and let you accept full responsibility for your rash decision.”
Daniel was met at the door by the same guard who had brought him to the castle.  Daniel informed him of his need to return to his quarters for retrieval of his surgical instruments.
The guard said, “Sir, does this mean you’ll be able to help the Princess?”
“I’m going to try.”
“Well I knew you’d be able to do it.  After hearing what the Queen said, I told Martha, that’s my wife, that they should ask you to help.  I mean, after all, if you can heal a half brain you should be able to heal anybody.”
  “What are you talking about?”
“You know, the half brain called Betty, she was real sick and kept vomiting.  You opened her up and fixed something.  Now she’s good as new.    She was the Queens favorite and everyone’s glad you fixed her.  Now you’re going to fix the Princess.  This new Queen seems nice enough but we miss the old one.  Sure too bad about her dying like that.”
The guard kept up his banter during the walk to and from Daniel’s quarters.  For the most part, Daniel just let him talk.  He was visualizing the surgery and trying to solve any problems before they arose.  He used his grandfather’s advice almost like a mantra, “If you can visualize it, you can do it.”  He kept visualizing each individual step of the operation, over and over.  When they returned to the Princess’s quarters the antechamber had been converted to a small operating room.  Everything seemed to be in order.  Before moving the Princess, Daniel carefully unrolled the leather instrument pack.  He placed each instrument in a large bowl, except for a shiny black sliver of obsidian.  This dagger sized piece of rock was the scalpel.  He used a small piece of flint to carefully create small chips along the tip of the instrument.  Once he was satisfied he placed it on top of the other instruments and poured sacred water over them.  He then rinsed his hands in the sacred water.
Dr. Racawits objected saying, “You’re wasting the sacred water!”
Daniel explained, “Using the sacred water to cleanse the instruments helps keep purulence from developing.   We’ll also use it to moisten the linen strips.  I think we’re ready, let’s move her onto the table.”
The Princess was as limp as a rag doll as they placed her on the table rolled partially onto her left side.  Daniel directed the attendants to hold the candles to maximize the lighting.  He raised her gown to the level of her breast and covered her lower body with the linen.  He then wiped the skin area with the linen strips moistened with the sacred water.  The cautery rod was placed into the pot of burning charcoal and within just a few seconds it was glowing red.  Daniel picked up his stone scalpel.
Dr. Racawits interrupted him, “Why don’t you use an iron scalpel?”
  “This obsidian scalpel is much sharper than any iron scalpel; it produces a cleaner cut and better healing.  I will need to concentrate now.”
Daniel used the scalpel almost like a pen, lightly drawing it across her left lower abdomen.  The skin seemed to simply pull apart wherever he touched it.  He used the linen strips soaked in the sacred water to blot up the blood and identify the bleeding vessels.  He then used the cautery rod to sear the bleeding points; the Princess groaned each time the cautery was applied.
Dr. Racawits said, “You are causing her pain.  We have to administer some ether.”
“She’s tough or she wouldn’t have made it this long.  She’ll recover from the pain but I don’t think she would survive the ether.  We need to get on with our work.”
The smell of burning flesh filled the room but Daniel ignored both the smoke and the smell.  He had Dr. Racawits hold the skin back using hooks.  He cut through the muscle layer little by little using the cautery rod to seal any bleeding vessels.  It took several minutes to work his way down to the shiny white peritoneum which sealed the inside of the abdominal cavity.  He used a tweezer instrument to hold this layer up away from the intestines.  He made a small incision with the scalpel and inserted his fingers into the abdomen.  He enlarged the incision by cutting between his fingers protecting everything else.   Daniel repositioned the hook retractors and the candlelight so he could see down into his incision.  He used linen strips to help pull the small intestines off to the left side.  The appendix became visible as a swollen red thumb like extension off of the cecum.
With the culprit of the Princess’s illness in sight, Daniel picked up a piece of silk thread and carefully wrapped it around the base of the appendix.  With great care he gradually tightened the noose around the base.    A second noose was then applied just above the first and he used his obsidian scalpel to carefully cut between them.  He handed the now severed appendix to Dr. Racawits.  He placed a moistened linen strip against the amputated base and relaxed for a few minutes.  When they removed the strip only a few areas of bleeding were visible.  He carefully touched these with the cautery rod.
Daniel began repairing his surgical wound by using a silk thread and a needle to sew the peritoneum back together.  He also sewed the individual muscle layers together with the silk thread.  The Princess groaned with each suture that he placed in the skin but he ignored her discomfort and worked to finish his surgery.
Daniel had no sooner finished his surgery, when Dr. Racawits left the room to report the results.  Daniel and the attendants moved the Princess back into her bed.  Her breathing remained shallow and her pulse very weak.
There was a soft knock and the door opened.  The king and his Queen entered the room.  The king asked, “How’s my daughter doing?”
Daniel replied, “She survived the operation.  Now we must wait and see if she has the strength to recover.”
The King said, “I was told you caused her pain during your operation.  Why?”
Daniel shrugged his shoulders and said, “People do not die from pain but they do die from ether.  I did what I needed to do.”
“Fare enough.  My physicians tell me your job is done and that they will take over again.”
“She is my patient now, and I would see her through her recovery.”
The King said, “I would expect that of you.  I’ll inform the royal physicians of your ongoing care.  I would like to sit with my daughter now.”
Daniel nodded and quietly closed the door behind him as he left the room.  He carefully washed his instruments in the sacred water and then rinsed them with more sacred water.  He replaced them in the leather instrument roll.  As he finished securing the roll, the door opened and the king and his lady came out of the room.
The king said, “She seems more comfortable.  Keep us informed of her progress and if you need anything inform the attendant.”
The lady spoke for the first time saying, “I appreciate your saving Betty.  Everyone told me it was hopeless because half brains don’t heal well, but I didn’t give up hope.  I’m not giving up hope now, either.”
Daniel bowed slightly and said, “Hope is a powerful thing.”
Daniel returned to the bedside and felt her pulse.  It wasn’t any weaker.  He then placed his hands under her back and began gently massaging her back muscles trying to stimulate the healing powers within.  He positioned the chair next to the bed and kept his hand on her pulse.  He was tired and would nod off intermittently.  Every time he awoke, the back massage was repeated.  He had the attendants continuously moisten her lips and mouth with a ginger tea.  Her fevers and deliriums continued all the next day.  In the late evening her fever seemed to break and Daniel fell into a deep sleep, sitting in the chair at the bedside with his hand on her pulse.
Daniel was awakened by a very quiet voice saying, “Who are you and what are you doing here?”
“I am Daniel of Issip and have been doing my work as a healer.”
“Why were you holding my hand?”
“Actually I was holding your pulse to make sure your life continued.”
“I’ve been pretty sick, haven’t I?”
“It was your appendix.  It was poisoning your body and I needed to remove it.”
“But why you?”
“That’s not important now.  You need to drink some broth and get some more rest.  I’ll inform your father you are recovering.”
As the Princes continued to recover Daniel had more time to spend on his studies of alchemistry.  He spent part of everyday at the bedside, massaging her back and administering herbal medications.  During one such session he asked her, “I have heard you called; the Princess, my Princess, my daughter, your Highness, but nobody has ever called you by name.  You must have a name, everyone has a name.”
“Yes, I have a name.  Nobody uses it, everyone just calls me Princess.”
“So what is this mysterious name?”
“Heather.”
“We have heather in some of the mountain meadows.  It’s a beautiful soft fragrant bush.  When you examine it closely it is very tough and a bit prickly.  It thrives in some of the harshest conditions.  Heather would seem a good name for you and I will enjoy calling you Heather.”
“I think you’re supposed to address me as the Princess.”
“In the Forest, we do not have royalty and such terms are not used.  I’ll call you either ma’am or Heather as you wish.”
“I would prefer you calling me Heather.  What is it like where you live?”
“The Forest is a beautiful place.  We have mountains and volcanoes everywhere with valleys and rivers between them.  It seems as if the Forest was formed when the land of the Northern Kingdom pushed against the land of the Southern Kingdom and everything between was raised up.  Our winters are longer than yours because of the higher elevation but our south facing valleys are quite fertile and comfortable.”
Daniel became a regular visitor to the castle.  His skills as a healer were called on repeatedly much to the chagrin of the Royal physicians.  His alchemy studies were going fairly well until an experiment blew up and destroyed part of the lab.  Daniel had been invited to dinner the next evening and showed up without any eyebrows and obvious burns on his hands and face.  He was embarrassed when they asked him what had happened.  He explained, “I had an idea for making a better firestarter.  I mixed some of the saltpeter, I had brought from the Forest, with some sulfur and charcoal dust.  When I tried lighting the mixture there was this loud noise and flash of bright light followed by the sounds of breaking glass and the room being filled with smoke.  I am afraid that I caused enough damage to the lab that my welcome there may be worn out.”
The King could not help laughing and said, “Maybe you should leave the chemistry to the alchemist and stick to your healing.  Why are you dabbling with this alchemistry anyway?”
“The Forest Council had asked me to take time and study this new mineral saltpeter, that they had discovered in a cave.  I agreed and now look at me.”
The King was serious and asked, “Is this related to the new bridge that the southern Kingdom is building?”
“Sir, I know the Forest Council is very concerned about the bridge but I don’t know that the request is related.  Anyway, it looks like my study of alchemistry is finished.”
The princes change the subject by saying, “If you are done burning down labs and almost killing yourself, maybe you can spend more time here.  It seems someone is always needing your skills as a healer.”
Daniel replied, “I enjoy my visits here very much, but if my work as an alchemist is over I should be returning to the Forest.”
Daniel’s quiet pronouncement put a damper on the festivities until the King asked, “I have a project I would like your help on.  Could you spend a little more time with us and help with my project?”
“Sir, I would be happy to assist you as long as my delay in returning was not too long.  What is the project?”
The King responded, “It is time for dessert, we’ll talk about it later.”
After the dinner and entertainment were completed Daniel accompanied the King back to his library where they had first met.  The King offered Daniel a small glass of brandy saying, “This brandy is one of the few worthwhile things from the southern Kingdom.”  “Those of the Southern Kingdom can be a tricky bunch.  Your Forest Council is wise in being concerned.  If we can help just let us know.”
Daniel sipped his brandy and nodded his head in response.
The King continued, “Before we discuss the project I want to again thank you for helping my daughter.  She wants to resume her training but my physicians say that she must wait at least six months.  What is your opinion?”
Daniel responded, “The wound has healed but after only six weeks it does not have much strength.  She could begin gentle exercise but your physicians are correct, it will take six months for the wound to reach full strength.  I would think she could resume her horseback riding and fencing in another few weeks.”
“She is my only heir and I have tried to raise her with both statesmanship and military skills.  Unfortunately her military skills have developed much quicker than her statesmanship.  She is much more comfortable with a sword than with a pen and getting her to be involved with the ladies of the court has been almost impossible.  She takes after her great grandmother who was a warrior, instead of her mother who was a gentle soul.”
“Heather is a fitting name for her.  If she listens to her body and does not do anything which causes pain at her surgical site she should do well.  Your daughter is a very impressive young woman.”
The King changed the subject saying, “The project I would like you to work on involves a confidential matter concerning my wife.  We had a child who died at birth and I need to know why.  My physicians tell me the problem was with my wife but I am afraid that my age may have been the problem.  I would like you, as an outsider, to look into the matter and report back to me.”
“I’ll do my best.”
They finished sipping their brandy and the evening ended.
***
Daniel met the Queen in the garden room.  He was surprised how comforting the room was with its southern exposure and many plants.  He had to wait a few minutes for the Queen to arrive.  Pleasantries were made and then she discharged her attendant to wait outside for her.  Daniel began the interview by summarizing what little he knew about the case.  He asked her, “Ma’am, are you comfortable proceeding?”
She smiled, “Heather told me about your quaint custom of not using titles.  I would prefer if you would call me Sandra instead of ma’am, at least in informal settings.  You know, Heather and I are not so far apart in our ages.  I’m not so much her stepmother as an older sister.  You don’t think I look that much older do you?”
“You have youth yet.  We need to work on finding out what happened to your baby.  Did you have any trouble with the pregnancy?”
“The morning sickness was a problem.  But I did not have any illnesses to speak of.”
“Did you take any unusual medications or eat strange foods?”
“I don’t remember anything other than the ginger tea.  I think the Royal physicians were afraid to give me anything.  I did have a craving for cabbage; it was about the only thing I could eat.”
“You didn’t have any unusual bleeding during the pregnancy?”
“No.”
“The sacred water was given to you every week?”
“I think that was part of the problem with my morning sickness.  They must have given me extra strength sacred water because every time I tried to drink it I would become sick.”
“But you did use it?”
“I tried but lots of times I would just throw up after taking a couple of sips.  Other days I was too sick to even try and drink it.  You don’t think that’s why my baby died do you?”
“I’m not sure.  What did you do with the sacred water you didn’t drink?”
“Oh, I had Betty drink it, otherwise the court priest would go on and on about my needing to fulfill the religious ritual with the sacred water.  You know Betty; she’s the one you operated on.”
“Did the sacred water bother Betty?”
“I don’t think so.  She was pregnant at the same time but she never had any morning sickness.  I’m not sure if the half brains get morning sickness.  I guess her baby was okay, but I’ve never seen it.”
“Was your labor difficult?”
“I don’t think so, it lasted about six hours.  It wasn’t nearly as bad as other women experience.”
“What was the delivery like?”
“The midwife had me sitting in the delivery chair and told me when to push.  Of course, when the time came, nobody had to tell me to push I just did it.  When the baby was first born he cried, but then the crying stopped.  That’s when she told me the baby had died.  I don’t really remember anything else after that.”
“Did you get to see your baby?”
“Only a glance when it was first born and the midwife was taking it to the back table.  I could tell it was a boy.”
“Did the baby look normal?”
“Of course.  The bellybutton was a little big but I only had the one glimpse, so it was probably okay.”
At this point the tears where streaming down her face.  Daniel stood up and began rubbing her shoulders gently.  After a few moments he said, “I’m sorry your baby died.  I’ll try to figure out why.”
***
Daniel’s next interview was with the midwife.  She was a large woman in her mid-50s who had a serious demeanor and appeared as solid as a rock.  She said very little and answered his questions with one or two words.  She became more descriptive when he asked her to describe the delivery itself.  She told him how the Queen had been positioned in the delivery chair and the chair rocked back for the delivery.  Progress had been normal and the head was presenting in the normal fashion.  When the baby was ready to be born she had the Queen push and a fairly small baby was born without trauma.  She tied off the umbilical cord and carried the baby to the birth table.  When she examined the baby it was obvious that the baby boy had a protruded bellybutton.  Because of this signal deformity, she applied the breathing test mask to the baby’s face.  The baby stopped breathing and died, proving it was deformed.  She wrapped the baby in a blanket so nobody could see it and then told the Queen the baby had died.
When Daniel asked her about the breathing test mask she explained how it covered the baby’s nose and forced the baby to breathe through its mouth.  Deformed babies had such large tongues that they were unable to breathe through their mouths and died.  It was the test prescribed by the church for all babies born with a protruding bellybutton.  At Daniel’s request she explained that the deformed babies were usually small in size, with small heads and unusual looking faces.  She had done her duty as proscribed.  Now she needed to get back to work.  Daniel thanked her and sat thinking about the deformity and how it compared to the babies he had taken care of in the housing for the half-brains.
Daniel’s last interview was with Betty, the Half Brain servant of the Queen, whom he had operated on several months prior.  He met with her in the garden room.  She was obviously nervous and Daniel tried to calm her by saying, “I’m glad to see you are doing so well since your surgery.  Thanks for coming to talk with me.”
Betty responded in her high-pitched childlike voice, “OK, the queen told me you wanted to ask some questions.  I don’t know much.”
Daniel smiled and said, “I think you know a lot more than most people think you do.  How have you been feeling?”
“I feel pretty good except for being tired.  Working and having a baby makes one tired.  Of course the Queen is nice to me so I don’t have to work so hard.”
Daniel said, “The Queen said you helped her while she was pregnant and drank the sacred water for her.  What was it like drinking that water?”
“I tried to help her because she was so sick and the water made her worse.  That church guy got mad when she didn’t drink all of the water.  It wasn’t so bad, it tasted kinda like salt.  Me, I didn’t have much morning sickness.  I think the water made me feel better.”
“In what way?”
“I dunno, I was so tired and it seemed to give me some energy.  I know it made my baby feel better because he sure started kicking a lot more after I drank the water.”
“How is your baby?”
“Fine.  He’s six months old now.”
“The queen said she hadn’t seen your baby yet.  Why not?”
Betty looked away when she answered, “I didn’t want her to feel bad cause she lost her baby.”
“Can I see your baby?”
“Why?”
“I’d like to make sure that the sacred water didn’t harm him.”
“He’s fine.”
“I’d still like to see him.”
“He’s not here.”
“Can I come to your quarters and see him there?”
“Why?”
“Just to look at him.  I won’t hurt him.”
“I don’t know why you have to see him.  He’s fine.”
“I helped you when you were sick, I don’t understand why you won’t let me see your baby?”
There was much anguish in Betty’s face as she finally agreed.  She told Daniel to meet her outside of quarters just before sundown.  When Daniel arrived, Betty was waiting with a baby in her arms.  She handed the baby to Daniel without saying anything.  Daniel examined the baby who had all the stigmata of the half brain child.  It was fairly flaccid with a hoarse cry.  His eyes were wide spaced on a face that resembled an old man’s more than a baby’s.  Most obviously, it had a large protruding bellybutton and a tongue which seemed huge for the mouth size.
When Daniel finished the exam he handed the fussing baby back to Betty.  He watched as she bundled the baby up and held it up to her breast.  The baby turned to nurse but then turned away and began crying again.  Betty tried singing to the baby but it did not settle down.
“Daniel said, “Betty. this isn’t your baby is it?”
Tears began running down Betty’s face as she shook her no.
“Betty, I need to see your baby.  I won’t harm it and I won’t tell anybody else about it.  You have to trust me so that I can help the Queen.”
Betty turned and entered the low roofed building.  Daniel followed but had to bend over to get through the doorway.  The ceiling was so low that he had to keep his head stooped over while inside.  Inside they were met by a young woman who took the baby immediately from Betty.  Betty continued down the hallway to her own small room.  It was big enough for just a bed and a few boxes stacked on top of each other.  It was clean and had only a few bits of colored cloth for decoration.  Next to the bed was a box that was being used as a cradle.  Betty picked up her baby and handed it to Daniel.  It was a much larger baby and lacked the stigmata of the half brains.  It seemed to be a normal healthy boy.
Daniel asked, “Why were you afraid for me to see your son?  He is very healthy.”
Betty could hardly talk because of her tears.  She started nursing as much for her own comfort as for the baby’s.  She finally said, “I don’t want them to take him away.  You’re not going to take him from me are you?”
“Why would they take your baby away from you?”
“Because he’s different and they always take away the babies that are different.”
“I’ll keep your secret.”
Daniel left with a heavy heart, as he pondered what he had learned.

Chapter 2

Daniel had no sooner entered the castle when he was stopped by the Royal physician in the red robe.  He smiled at Daniel and said, “I hear you are going to give your report to the king today.  Would you be willing to share your knowledge with a group of us physicians?”
Daniel was a little surprised that he knew about his report; the king must have told him about it.  So he replied, “Yes, I would be willing to discuss this but I’m leaving soon.”
The Royal physician replied, “Why don’t we meet this evening after dinner and you can give us your report.  We can meet in the chapel, I’m sure it’s not being used.”
Daniel agreed and continued on his way to meet with the King.  He knocked on the door of the King’s library and entered when invited to do so.  The richness of the woodwork again was the primary focus upon entering the room.  Both the King and the Queen were seated by the fireplace.  They exchanged their greetings and Daniel immediately began his report.  He told them, “Your baby died because of a deformity which was in turn caused by a deficiency of something that is contained in the sacred water.  It would seem that a combination of factors led to this deficiency.  Ma’am your morning sickness and the nausea from the concentrated sacred water limited your intake of the essential essence.  I also think your limited diet may have somehow blocked your body’s ability to absorb the essential factor in the sacred water.”
The King asked, “Does this mean it is safe for us to have more children?”
Daniel responded, “Yes, but only if you follow the old adage of ‘everything in moderation’.  It is essential that you consume the sacred water but you probably do not need the concentrated form.”
Daniel had decided not to discuss the use of the breathing mask as a test of a baby’s viability.  When they asked him about anything else he learned he told them about his theory of the half brains.
The Queen asked, “Do you mean that the only difference between us and half brains is something in the sacred water?”
Daniel said, “We will need to isolate the essential characteristic of the sacred water and administer it to a group of half brains to see if it changes them.  It is my theory, but until it is studied further, it is only a theory.”
The Queen said, “Betty didn’t seem to change.”
Daniel had to keep Betty’s confidence and so he avoided a direct answer by saying, “I would expect that the beneficial effects would require the sacred water to be used throughout pregnancy and childhood.”
The King laughed and said, “Not much of the chance that your study will ever be done.  It would stir up too much of a hornet’s nest.  Are you going to be joining us for dinner tonight?”
“I need to finish getting ready for my return to the forest but I would enjoy sharing the meal with you.”
“I know a young lady who will be happy to have you join us.”
“I’ll need to leave early to meet with a group of physicians and discuss my medical theory with them.”
The King asked, “Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
Daniel shrugged his shoulders and said, “I already agreed to do it.”
It was a delightful dinner with fresh seafood and plenty of wine.  It was an unofficial going away party for Daniel.  When he announced that it was time for him to go, the mood became somber.  The Princess kept a smile on her face but the tears would not be stopped.  The King told Daniel, “You’re always welcomed at my table.  I understand your need to return home but do not forget us and come visit often.”
Daniel gave the Princess a not quite passionate hug and told her, “We will meet again.”
She reached up and touched the side of his face saying, “Yes, we will.”
Daniel found his way to the chapel.  When he entered there were several people he did not know.  The physician in the red robe introduced him as, “This is Daniel, a healer from the forest, who is going to explain to us how the sacred water works.”
Daniel ignored the innuendo in the physician’s voice.  He explained his theory about how a component of the sacred water was an essential nutrient for a developing baby.  Without this nutrient babies developed a common deformity which made them appear as half brains.  When he proceeded to hypothesize that the only difference between themselves and the half brains, he was greeted with laughter.  When he suggested giving sacred water to pregnant half brains, the group began shouting at him.  He heard only parts of what was being said, “…blasphemy in a holy place.”
Before Daniel could react to what was happening, he was seized by church guards and his hands were bound behind his back.  He was escorted out of the chapel and as he walked by the physician in the red robe, he could not help but notice the look of satisfaction on his face.  It was then that Daniel realized that he had been set up.
Daniel tried to keep track of where they were taking him but the labyrinth of stairways and hallways was too much for him.  All he was sure of was that they were going deep below the castle.  A heavy steel door was opened revealing a long row of barred doors on either side of the narrow hallway.  They stopped in front of one door and the guard rattled through his keys finding the one which opened the door.  Daniel’s hands were unbound as he was thrust through the doorway.  The door slammed shut behind him.  Daniel just stood there waiting for his eyes to adjust to the darkness.  He could hear his captors closing the main door behind them with the loud clunking of the lock echoing in his mind.  Other prisoners began talking but Daniel would not answer their questions.
Daniel had no sooner been marched out of the chapel, when the physician in the red robe made his way to the King’s quarters.  The King and the Princess were in the library discussing the void which Daniel’s leaving was creating.  The King responded to a knock by inviting in the royal physician.
The royal physician bowed towards the King and said, “Sire, I tried to stop him but he kept going anyway.”
The King asked, “What are you talking about?”
“The healer from the forest, blasphemed in front of the high priest in the sacred chapel.”
“I thought he was meeting with a group of physicians.  What was he doing in the chapel?”
“Sire, we needed a space and the chapel was open.  I had no idea he was going to blaspheme in front of the priest.”
“Where is he now?”
“Sire, the church guards were escorting him towards the dungeons when I left to report to you.”
“That is all.  You’re dismissed.”
The Princess watched the Royal physician bow towards her father.  He nodded towards her and she could see the look of satisfaction on his face.  When the door closed she began talking rapidly.  Her father held up his hand and said, “Speak quietly my daughter, the doors have ears.”
“Father, did you see the look on his face, he set this up because he was jealous of Daniel.  We have to set him free.”
The King was pacing back and forth in front of the fireplace.  He replied, “That may not be possible.  If he did blaspheme, the law is quite specific and I have taken an oath to uphold the law.”
“But you are the King!”
“And, as the King, I have a moral obligation to uphold the law.  I am a servant of the law not the master of the law.  No, Daniel will have to face his trial.  I will see that he is treated fairly, but the law must be upheld.”
“This isn’t fair.  Daniel doesn’t even know our rules.”
“You know that ignorance of the law is no excuse.  The law must be upheld.”
“Even if it means that Daniel will be imprisoned or worse?”
The King was having trouble speaking and there were tears in his eyes as he looked at his daughter and said, “My oath is what gives meaning to my life.  Without honor, you have nothing.  No, the law is more important than anyone’s life, even my own.  The law may not always seem logical or fair but it is what gives us our civilization.”
“What’s going to happen?”
“Daniel must be held until the church trial begins.  I would expect that if Daniel will retract his statement, he will be expelled from the kingdom.”
“What if he won’t?”
The King was silent.  The Princess looked at his somber face and realized the grave danger Daniel faced.  She left her father with tears streaming down her face.  Her sleep was fragmented by dreams of Daniel being led to the gallows.  
The King had his counsel meet with Daniel and explained the seriousness of the charge.  Daniel listened amazed that speaking the truth could be such a serious crime.  When the counsel advised him that he must retract his statement Daniel looked puzzled.  He asked, “Why would I retract the truth?”
“Because you have to,” responded the counsel.
“No, I do not have to.  I spoke the truth and the truth is more important than this ridiculous law.  I will not lie.”
The counsel tried to explain that he was not telling Daniel to lie but rather to simply retract his statement about the half brains.
“I spoke the truth and will stand by the truth.”
The counsel said, “Maybe you didn’t understand the consequences.  If you retract the statement you will be sent home.  If you do not retract the statement you will be charged and convicted of blasphemy in a holy place which is punishable by death.”
Daniel responded, “You are saying that I have to make a choice between the truth and living the life of a coward.  I tell you that I choose the truth.”
The King received his counsel’s report and said, “I would have expected no less from this young man.  What do we do now?”
“Sire, the church prosecutors have set up a hearing for tomorrow.  Daniel almost certainly will be found guilty and sentenced to death.  We must convince him to change his stand.”
“I’ll have my daughter speak to him but I doubt he will change his mind.”
When the princes heard the counsel’s report, she stood straight and resolute.  She agreed to meet with Daniel and try to change his mind.  In her own mind she knew that rescuing Daniel was going to be needed, he wasn’t going to change.  The law may be the law but she hadn’t taken an oath.
The meeting was set up just outside the heavy door of the dungeon.  The guard brought Daniel into the room and then locked the door.  He was visible through the bars just outside the door.  The princes began her practiced speech on why Daniel needed to retract his statement.  Daniel listened to the entire discourse before he took her hand and said, “Heather, I don’t understand exactly why this is happening but I won’t deny the truth.  They can take my life away from me but nobody can take the truth away from me.  It is my decision and I don’t want you to carry the responsibility of this decision.”
Heather shook her head saying, “You and my father must be the two most stubborn men in the whole world.”  She asked him, “I need something to sleep, what would you recommend?”
Daniel was puzzled by her question until she used her thumb to point towards the guard and then pretended to nod off.  Daniel then understood her intent to sedate the guards and said, “Well if I had my medical bag I could give you 3 drops of extract of poppy.”  (He then held up both hands suggesting ten drops).  He continued, “A pinch of powdered logwort mushroom would make it quicker acting.”  (He held up four fingers in their silent discourse).  “Added to your soup it would be very palatable and induce sleeping within 30 minutes.  I am sorry you’re having trouble sleeping.”
Heather asked him, “Are you able to sleep in here?”
Daniel replied, “The half brains come through on a garbage detail real early in the morning and that wakes me up.  Everyone else seems to sleep through the noise.  You know if your physicians can’t get the medication for you, I have some in my medical kit.  The gate guard, whose wife is named Martha, knows where it is.”
The guard began looking through the window indicating it was time for them to end their conversation.  They silently squeezed each other’s hand and Daniel arose to return to his cell.
The princes began completing her plans.  She met with the gate guard and asked him to retrieve Daniel’s bag.  He said, “Princess, I’d be glad to help.  I don’t believe what those church guards are saying about the forest healer.  I mean he even helped my wife Martha.  I think you know Martha, she had been having these headaches and he did something to her neck and now she doesn’t have them.  I’ll retrieve his medical equipment as soon as my shift ends.”
The Princess met with Betty in the garden room.  She asked Betty, “Do you like Daniel, the forest healer?”
“Yes Princess, he helped me.  Why did they arrest him?”
“It had something to do with him saying something about you half brains that the church authorities didn’t like.  He needs our help so they don’t hurt him, but nobody can find out we helped him.”
Betty was quiet for moment before saying, “We’ll help.  What’d we need to do?”
***

Betty carried the food basket down the many flights of stairs to the dungeon.  When the guard saw her he said, “You’re not the usual half brain, what’s going on?”
Betty said, “She’s sick.”
“You half brains are always pretending to be sick just to get out of work.  I hope you brought me something good to eat.  Seems like they feed the prisoners better than us guards.”
“Soup and bread.”
“You’re not so bad looking for a half brain.  How about you stick around and we can have some fun after I get done eating.”
“Not now, more food to deliver.  Maybe later.”
“Yeah, you come back later.  Nothing else to do on this night shift, I might as well have me some fun.”
When Betty returned she was greeted with the sound of loud snoring.  She coughed and the guard did not respond.  She turned and waved her companions on, as she carefully lifted the keys off of the small desk.  His hand was resting on the keys but he did not respond when she gently lifted it and slid the keys out.  She was not sure which key would open the big door.  
One of her companions whispered, “He uses the fat key to open the door.”
The sounds of the whisper seemed very loud to Betty and she turned to look at the guard.  He continued to sleep.  She inserted the key into the lock and was startled by the loud clunking sound it made.  The guard groaned a little in his sleep but did not awaken.  They pulled the heavy door opened.  They pushed their garbage cart into the long hallway and began emptying the slosh buckets into the wagon.  Betty moved ahead looking for Daniel.  It was dark and she had trouble seeing.  Somebody seemed to be waving at her.
Daniel watched Betty walk down the aisle.  She kept looking back over her shoulder to see if the guard had awakened.  When she reached his cell she smiled a little nervous smile and handed him the keys.  In the darkness he could not tell the keys apart.  He did remember how rusty the key was that opened his door.  He felt all of the keys and picked out the one that seemed the most rusty.  He handed the keys back to Betty and she inserted the key in the lock.  It turned with a loud click.  The noise startled them and produced a groan from the prisoner in the next cell.  Before leaving Daniel stood his sleeping platform up against the wall, and placed a small kerchief part way into the hole.  He figured they might be superstitious enough to think he changed into an animal and crawled out.  They locked the cell door and despite knowing the lock would be noisy, they both jumped a little with the loud click.
The half brains continued emptying the slush buckets as Daniel and Betty quietly left the cellblock.  Daniel started to ascend the stairway but Betty grabbed his arm and shook her head “No.”  Daniel bent down to let Betty whisper in his ear, “You have to go out the garbage tunnel.  We must wait until they finish their work.”
Time seemed to crawl by and Daniel winced inside every time the work crew made a noise.  They finally finished their work and pulled their cart back through the heavy dungeon door.  They pushed the creaky door shut and Betty locked it, with a loud clunk again emanating from the mechanism.  Everyone turned to look at the guard who was still snoring.  Betty placed the keys back on the small desk next to the guard’s hand.  The work crew opened a small door which was just big enough for their garbage cart.  Even the small half brains had to stoop to get through the door.  When Daniel realized that Betty was not coming with, he turned and whispered in her ear, “Thank you for your help.”  He then gave her a small vial of sacred water telling her, “Give your baby one drop every week.”  He reached under his tunic and took off his talisman.  It was a tooth from some ancient animal that he had found as a child along the streambank.  It’s only value was that he had found it on the day his father died.  He handed the small treasure to Betty and asked her to give it to the Princess.  She clasped both of the gifts in her hands and nodded yes and she turned and went up the stairway.
Daniel tried entering the door by simply stooping over but had to get down on his hands and knees to make it through the doorway.  His small companions were now in a hurry to get away from the dungeon.  The tunnel was not much bigger than the doorway and when the last half brain closed the door behind him the darkness was complete.  He crawled along using the sound of the cart to keep himself spaced far enough back.  Their small tunnel was joined by other tunnels, with different odors mixing together.  The half brains were now working hard pulling their cart uphill.  When they finally stopped the half brain behind Daniel, tugged on his sleeve.  Daniel turned the best he could and the half brain whispered, “You must wait here until we come for you.”
And wait Daniel did.  It seemed many hours went by as he sat in the darkness, jumping slightly with each sound.  When the door reopened Daniel tried to blend with the rock but there was really no place to hide.  His relief on hearing the voice of the half brain saying, “You must hurry now,” was immense and he could feel his heart beat settling down.  He crawled through the oval doorway into a small stall, which was lit by the early light of morning.  At the opening was a large wagon which was filled with garbage.  The half brain said, “You must hide in the garbage.  Make no sound until we are outside of the city.”
Daniel did as he was told and burrowed into the garbage along one side of the wagon.  The stench was awful and it was all he could do to lie there.  He heard and felt additional garbage being dumped on top of his hidden body.  Soon the wagon lurched forward.  The shaking of the wagon caused the garbage to settle even more and he had to use his hands to protect the small breathing space in front of his face.  His anxiety increased again when the wagon stopped and he could hear loud voices.  
The guards were complaining, “Why do we have to search everything.  If the church guards lost that forest healer, they should have to do the extra work.  I can’t believe they think he turned himself into a weasel and crawled out of his cell.”
  The other guard asked the half brain driver, “Where did you get this stuff?”  Without letting the driver respond he continued, “No wonder you half brains smell so bad, this stuff really stinks.”  The guards halfheartedly poked their spears into the garbage and told the driver, “Get this stink out of here.”
Daniel realized he had been holding his breath only when the wagon lurched forward again.  He concentrated on protecting the airspace in front of his face.  He had positioned himself so that his face was against a crack in the sidewalls of the wagon.  He could not see through the crack but at least some air came in through it.  The wagon bounced along for what seemed to be a couple of hours.  He heard the half brain say it was okay to come out but he couldn’t move.  The garbage had gradually packed down and he could not push it up.  He told them he needed help and both of the half brains climbed up on the wagon and began shoveling the garbage off of him.  When he finally was able to push himself up, Daniel was dizzy.  He realized how hard breathing had been when he filled his lungs with a breath of fresh air.  The air felt wonderful.
The half brain driver said, “You get out here.  Hide in forest until dark.”
The other half brain was busy digging in the wagon.  He pulled up a green cloth roll.  Daniel recognized it as his outer tunic.  He took the roll and climbed out of the wagon.  He started to thank them for their help but they simply waved and drove off.  Daniel walked into a grove of trees and sat down.  He unrolled the cloth and was happy to find his medical kit inside.  He had hoped to find a note from Heather and was disappointed when it was not there.  He realized how dangerous and incriminating a note would have been but still not finding one was a disappointment.  At least he had some protection from the elements.  It was spring here in the low lands but as he returned home winter would still be in control.
Daniel moved further into the woods when he heard another wagon coming.  He found a small spring creek and began washing in the ice cold water.  He was shivering with cold but was nowhere near clean yet.  It had to be good enough for now.  He positioned himself in a patch of sunlight and let the warmth dry him out.  He covered himself with his outer tunic and spread the rest of his clothes out to dry.  He now had time to think and plan.  It was midmorning and the sun was coming across the road.  This meant the road was headed east towards the mountains.  Somehow he needed to find the trailhead which led over the pass of Mount Redoubt.  He wished he had paid more attention to the local geography when he had arrived last summer.  
The hunger pains reminded him that he needed to eat.  He began poking around in the dry leaves looking for shoots of edible ferns.  His thoughts wandered back to the many adventures he had been on with his friend Jeremy.  When they were teenagers they decided to prove that they could live off of the land.  Even with Jeremy’s hunting ability they nearly starved and after two months decided that maybe civilization wasn’t so bad after all.  Those carefree times seemed a long way from where he was now, lost, alone, and hunted.
As evening came Daniel moved back to the road and continued trekking east.  There was an evening moon which gave enough light to walk by.  He soon came to a fork in the road.  The heavy wagon ruts turned to the left.  Daniel decided to take the right hand fork because the dump wagons obviously stayed to the left.  The night was cool but as long as he kept walking he stayed warm.  He passed several farmhouses and thought about seeking shelter but the fear of being captured again outweighed his desire for shelter.  As the moon was beginning to set he began looking for a place to hide.  Clouds were crossing the moon and Daniel was worried that rain would find him soon.  Farm buildings were visible in a clearing just south of the road.  Daniel slowly made his way across the field.  The farm seemed deserted with the old barn still standing but the house had caved in.  Nobody seemed to be around and no dogs barked a warning.  The barn door had long since fallen off the hinges.  Daniel peered inside but the blackness was too complete.  He thought about lighting a fire for the light and warmth and decided not to risk being discovered.  He looked about the old farmstead in the last of the moonlight.  A small lean to building still stood next to the grove of trees.  It had only three walls and the roof but at least he could see into the building.  The floor was earthen and the roof on his last legs but it was shelter.
It was midday when Daniel awakened to the sound of horses.  He quickly grabbed his meager possessions and half crawled into the woodlot behind his shed.  The riders stopped at the barn and he could hear one of them say, “Search the barn.  I’ll check out the rest of the farmstead.”
The other two guards dismounted but not without complaining, “That forest healer is long gone.  Besides, it was the church guards who lost him and now we have to look for him.”  The guards walk through the barn and used their spears to probe the remaining hay stack.  It took just a few minutes to complete their inspection and the remaining mounted guard finished his quick patrol of the area.  He stooped low to look into the shed that Daniel had hidden in but saw nothing.  Daniel had crawled into the thicket of blackberry vines and lay motionless, afraid to even breathe.  The guard looked into the woods and Daniel felt as if his eyes were looking right at him.  After a few seconds, which seemed to last forever, the guard returned to his companions at the barn.  The two other guards mounted up and they headed back up the road.
Daniel remained hidden and as the afternoon wore on the rain started.  At dusk Daniel moved out of his hiding place and began looking for something to eat.  At least with the rain he had plenty of water.  He found what must have been the old garden area and shoots of now wild asparagus were showing their light green spires.  He ate until the hollowness in his stomach was relieved.  He picked two more handfuls for another meal. Making his way back to the road he argued with himself whether the improved time of walking on the road was worth the risk of discovery.  It was a wet dreary night and the darkness oppressive.  He decided to move quietly on the road.  He had gone a couple of miles when he saw lights ahead.  They didn’t move and he also thought he heard sounds.  He moved even more cautiously towards the light.  He could make out what appeared to be a tavern with its windows brightly lit from within.  He kept himself hidden in the shadows and was moving past the building when he heard a voice that he recognized.
Daniel moved to one of the side windows and peaked in.  There was his friend Jeremy, regaling some of the local young men and ladies with his stories.  Why Jeremy was here didn’t bother Daniel, he was overjoyed knowing that his friend was here.  He wasn’t sure how to make contact.  They were obviously searching for him and walking into the tavern was sure to cause problems.  Some people started to leave the tavern and Daniel ducked behind some bushes.  It was getting late for the locals and Daniel knew Jeremy would probably be the last one awake.  He worked himself around the building looking for the outhouse.  Jeremy would make one last visit before the night was over.
Daniel waited in the cold rain as people gradually left the tavern.  Finally a lanky figure headed towards the outhouse.  Daniel wasn’t positive it was Jeremy.  He decided to use the signal from their childhood.  He whistled the call of a tree owl.  No response, so he repeated the call.  It was only after the fourth call that an answering call came from the outhouse.  Daniel moved around the corner of the building and there was Jeremy sitting on the throne.
Daniel asked, “What are you doing here?”  Before Jeremy could answer he continued, “It doesn’t matter why you’re here, I’m sure glad you are.”
Jeremy started to reply in his booming voice and Daniel flinched visibly.  Jeremy lowered his voice and said, “I’m not sure what you’ve been up to but it seems you’ve stirred up a hornets nest.  I was stopped by some guards who were asking all kinds of questions about you.  Seems they think you turned yourself into a weasel and escaped from prison.  What were you doing in prison?”
Daniel said, “I had a bit of trouble.  Let’s get away from here and I’ll tell you about it.”
“But I’ve already paid for my room and I hate to give up a nice warm bed.”
“I’ll pay you back; I have to get out of here.”
“Can we wait till morning?  The pretty barmaid said she might stop by my room later.”
“Jeremy!”
“Just kidding.  Let me finish my business and I’ll fetch my gear.  I suppose you’re a bit hungry.”
“I’m hungry, but we really need to get away from here before those guards come back.”
Daniel kept watch on the door of the tavern waiting impatiently for Jeremy.  He almost jumped out of his skin when he felt someone tapping him on the shoulder.  “Where did you come from?”
Jeremy laughed and said, “Now, don’t you think it would have aroused some suspicion if I had left through the door in the middle of the night.  I climbed out the window.  Here’s something the barmaid gave me for a late-night snack.”
Daniel took the small cloth roll and opened it up, finding a couple of pieces of chicken and a chunk of coarse bread.  He devoured the food before thinking of thanking his friend.  As they made their way along the edge of the road Daniel told Jeremy what had happened.  Jeremy listened to his tale and then said, “You’re sent down here to study something called alchemy and manage to destroy the lab and almost yourself.  Then you manage to get yourself arrested and condemned to death.  No wonder the Forest Council sent me down to find you.”
They traveled at night and slept during the day.  With Jeremy’s hunting and survival skills, the journey was almost pleasant.  Things went well until they arrived at the swinging bridge which separated the kingdom of the North from the lands of the forest.  They could see a campfire in the distance.  Jeremy had Daniel wait while he moved ahead to scout.  When he got back he told Daniel, “They are guarding the bridge.  Guess they figured you’d have to cross here to get home.”
“Can we go around it?”
“I suppose, but I didn’t bring any climbing gear.  Maybe I could distract them while you sneak across the bridge.”
“And how do you propose to do that?”
“Remember the time I got in trouble for scaring our classmates with my bear routine.  I bet if it was good enough to frighten the Forest Folk it should really do the job on these flatlanders.”
“But these are adults and trained guards.”
“True, but I bet they’ve never seen a bear.  I want you to work your way along the edge of the cliff.  If my act works make your way across the bridge.  If I can join you I will otherwise wait for me on the other side.  I’ll cross in the morning like a respectable person.”
Daniel did as he was told crawling along the ground next to the edge of the cliff.  He was close enough to the fire to hear the guards talking.  He lay quietly listening for Jeremy.  After a few minutes he heard a snorting sound.  The guards were making so much noise they didn’t appreciate it until the sound was very near.  They’re talking stopped suddenly.  The snorting was replaced by a low pitched growl.  The guards began throwing wood on the fire and grabbed their spears.  They moved to the backside of the fire keeping it between themselves and the forest sound.  The bear kept moving, snorting and growling.  The guards rotated with the sound keeping the fire between themselves and the source of the sound.  When Jeremy had the guards rotated so that their backs were to the bridge, Daniel crawled onto the bridge and began making his way across.  He could hear the bear snarling and growling as he made his way across the bridge.  The sound carried completely across the canyon and continued for several minutes after he was safely across.
Daniel waited a while for Jeremy before giving up, knowing he would need to wait until morning.  He found himself a protected area under a large pine tree and fell asleep sitting against the massive tree trunk.  It was near midmorning when he heard Jeremy’s voice greeting the guards.  They talked for a longtime before Jeremy came walking across the bridge.  Daniel met him out of sight from the guards and asked, “What where you talking about?”
Jeremy could barely contain himself as he told Daniel how the guards had defended themselves against a vicious bear.  They were sure that they had wounded it with their spears as it charged them.  It was a monster of a bear.  They were much more interested in telling their story than asking questions about Daniel.

Chapter 3

Their journey home took Daniel and Jeremy just over two weeks to complete.  They arrived in their village of Issip just as dusk was settling in.  The small stone cottage on the edge of the village was a welcome sight to Daniel.  Smoke was curling out of the chimney and only small patches of snow remained next to the house.
Jeremy said, “How is it that they know when you’re coming home and have a fire waiting for you?”
Daniel laughed and said, “I gave up trying to figure that one out.  Seems like folks in this village just know what’s going on.
Daniel lit a lamp and surveyed his small domain.  Things were just as he had left them last fall.  He had no sooner sat down by the fireplace when Jeremy said, “Let’s go to the tavern and get something to eat.”
Daniel knew better than argue with Jeremy about eating.  They headed over to the tavern which was already full of people apparently waiting for them.  Room was made at one of the tables and they sat down.  The smell of the mutton stew was so rich that it seemed to make Daniel’s head swim.  He had been gone too long.  They were served large heaping bowls of the stew and fresh bread.  Mugs of beer appeared.  The food and spirits combined with the fellowship of his friends seemed to finally lift the cloud that had hung over him since his imprisonment.  He had no sooner finished his stew when someone asked what it was like living in the Northern Kingdom.
Daniel took another sip of his beer and replied, “The biggest difference is they have rules for everything.  The food has more spice in it and it was more expensive than here at home.”
Someone else wanted to know what the beer and wine were like.  There were questions about the winter weather and the arrangement of the city.  When he was asked what the women were like Daniel hesitated in his reply.  This gave Jeremy an opening and he asked, “Does this mean that you were smitten by one of those beautiful blond women?”
Daniel began denying any such thing but the blush of his face told a different story.  This prompted even more questions, but Daniel refused to provide any more information.  A friend of his father’s said, “Word has it that you had a bit of trouble during your stay.”
Before Daniel could say anything Jeremy jumped in saying, “A bit of trouble is a nice understatement.  Daniel here was sent down to study something called alchemy.  While he was doing that he mixed up some stuff and pretty much destroyed the whole lab where he was working and almost killed himself.  He was lucky to survive.  Now, most of us would’ve been happy to have just about killed ourselves once.  Not Daniel, he figures that wasn’t good enough so he breaks some church rule and gets himself condemned to death.”
The story grew from there.  Jeremy filled in any missing details as he went along.  The crowd loved the part about him changing into a weasel and escaping.  As Daniel listened to Jeremy describing the bear attack on the guards he was enthralled with the story to the point of wondering if it was the same adventure he’d been involved with.  The evening wore on and the beer flowed freely.  Gradually people left and returned home and as was the custom Jeremy was the last to leave.  Jeremy had such a good time everyone assumed he drank a great deal but he actually consumed only a few beer over the course of the evening.  His excitement was intoxication enough.  He was still in high spirits when they got back to Daniel’s cottage.  Daniel invited him to spend the night and Jeremy rolled out the spare sleeping pad.  By the time Daniel crawled into bed he could already hear his friend’s snoring.
The next couple of days Daniel spent getting caught up. There was nothing to unpack except his surgical instruments.  He took them out and carefully washed each of them before placing them back in the roll.  As he was redoing the bandages he saw a flash of blue material amongst the white bandages.  He pulled out a small blue scarf.  The material was a fine silk.  In the corner was a small embroidered shape which he recognized as the talisman he had given Heather.  He held the scarf to his face and could catch the scent of Heather.  That small whiff of the one thing he missed from the Northern Kingdom was enough to bring tears to his eyes.  
The messenger from the Forest Council arrived on the third day.  He sought out Daniel and told him that the Forest Council was meeting and requested his report.  The messenger moved on to make his announcement to someone in another village.  Daniel began preparing for yet another journey.  He had just started packing for the trip when Jeremy showed up at his door, backpack fully loaded.
Jeremy announced, “Figured I had better go with you and keep you out of trouble.”
Daniel thanked his friend but insisted that he was capable of traveling alone.  Jeremy laughed and said, “You may be capable, but I think you and the world would be safer if somebody was there to watch over you.”
“What do you mean?”
“If the Forest Council is meeting to hear your report it must be important.  With the luck you have been having, somebody should definitely be with you.  And who better than me.  No arguing.  Are you ready yet?”
“Almost, I need to write a letter before we leave.”
Daniel sat down at his small desk and began writing a letter to Heather.  He struggled with each word not wanting to misspeak or worse incriminate her.
My dearest Heather,
It looks like I will be heading off for another journey.  I wanted you to know that I arrived home safely despite some minor adventures on the way.  The comfort of home does satisfy the soul but I already miss your company.  Winter is finally leaving the land and spring will soon bring color to our lands.  I especially enjoy the blue color of the spring flowers.
I hope it is permissible for me to write to you despite my trouble with the church authorities.
Most sincerely yours,
Daniel
Daniel sealed the paper and addressed it to Heather, of the Palace of the Northern Kingdom.  Jeremy was getting a bit antsy and Daniel said, “I need to get this letter in the mail service.  Could you bring it over to the store for delivery?”
Jeremy looked at the address and again teased Daniel about having been smitten while living in the northern Kingdom.  Daniel ignored him and returned to this packing.  Jeremy persisted in wanting to know who Heather was but Daniel was not offering any information.
It was a pleasant three-day hike to the council meeting site.  They had time to stop and fish in the evenings.  It was the good life.  When they arrived at the council site many people were already present.  An elder from each village and representatives from each trade organization were present. It looked like nearly 100 people were crowded into the Forest Council headquarters.  Jeremy looked at the crowded building and said he would wait down at the tavern for him.  Daniel took a deep breath and walked into the meeting room.  The representative of the sacred water trade group was arguing that the Kingdom of the South was a grave threat to not only their group but to all of the Forest Folk.  He explained how the trading bridge, which was almost finished, would at the very least decrease the value of their prime trading commodity.  Easy access to the spring from the South and ocean transport from there, to the Northern Kingdom, negated the need for their traditional role.
Daniel’s presence was noted by the chair of the council.  When the trade Representative was finished speaking he introduced Daniel to the council.  He summarized the council’s decision to send Daniel down to the Northern Kingdom for his study of alchemy.  He briefly reviewed the history of the saltpeter discovery.  Daniel then reviewed his findings and discovery of the damaging power of his mixture.  When he had finished describing the forces involved when he ignited his mixture and the damage produced, the church archivist spoke.
This old priest said slowly, “You have described an explosion.  It is an old term used concerning the igniting of mine gasses and the resulting release of force.  Of course I must check the scrolls to ensure my accuracy.”
The council chair asked, “Can you control this mixture and thereby control the explosion it produces?”
Daniel responded, “The mixture seemed stable until I lit it.  It will take more experimenting to prove I’m correct.  Learning to package the mixture should provide a good safety margin.”
The representative from the sacred water trade group spoke up, “I move that the Council authorize Daniel of Issip to continue his work but that the work be done in secret.”
There was little discussion before the vote was cast.  It seemed to Daniel that everyone voted in favor.  He was not yet sure why they wanted him to continue his work but assumed it had to do with the trading bridge.
The chair of the Council then asked Daniel about his arrest.  Daniel summarized his work on the sacred water and the half brains.  He summarized his arrest and escape by saying, “Their church prohibits discussion of the half brains and I was imprisoned because I violated this rule.  The half brains helped me escape and I returned home.”
The chair asked, “What is it in the water that makes it essential?”
Before Daniel could answer the old priest spoke up, “Iodine.”  He continued, “One of the ancient scrolls describes this substance iodine in the water.  I am not sure of the meaning of the word but it was definitely used to describe the character of the sacred water.  Of course I must check the scrolls to ensure my accuracy.”
Since nobody could ever remember the old priest making a mistake in his recall of the ancient scrolls, his word was accepted as fact.  When he was asked about the half brains, the old priest said, “The most ancient of the scrolls tells of a time when the first people moved from here to the lands of the northern and southern kingdoms.  Bad times came upon the lands and the colonies were forced to go without the sacred water.  It was many years before the people of the forest again moved to the lands of the other kingdoms.  When they arrived they found the first settlers had deteriorated and were living almost like animals.  The second and third generations were very small with deformed features.  The new settlers were afraid that a disease had caused the deformities and refused contact with the deformed people.  Over time the separation of the half brains became complete.”
People wanted to know if the same changes would happen to them if they lost access to the sacred water.  The priest shrugged his shoulders and did not reply.  They turned towards Daniel for an answer.  Daniel said, “I would expect the words of the Priest are correct and we would suffer the same fate over time.”
The Council chair wanted to know if Daniel could use the skills he learned studying alchemy, to discover the nature of this iodine and possibly locate an alternate supply.  
Daniel responded, “I will try.  The work will require some glassware and supplies.”
The council chair said, “We will provide the equipment and supplies you need for both of the task we’re assigning you.  It would be best if you and your friend would proceed directly to the old copper mining area.  We will make sure you have sufficient help.”
Daniel left the council chamber somewhat bewildered.  He walked into the tavern and was not at all surprised to hear Jeremy telling his story about the bear attack.  Daniel sipped a beer while Jeremy finished his story.  The story was never quite the same.  When things quieted down a little, Daniel told Jeremy that he’d been assigned another task which required more traveling.
Jeremy asked, “When do we leave?”
Daniel replied, “I’m not sure how long I’ll be gone and there may be some danger.  You don’t have to come with me.”
“And let you have all the fun and excitement without me?”  Jeremy continued, “I think it would be best if we stuck together just like we always have.”
Jeremy’s declaration of loyalty brought tears to Daniels eyes.  He smiled at his dear friend and quietly said, “Let’s get going.”
As they headed out Daniel began explaining his task to Jeremy.  Jeremy was especially interested in creating more explosions.  The trail they were on headed around Mount Ash and took them towards the frontier.  Jeremy as always supplemented their existing supplies with his hunting skills.  Winter still had a grip on the upper slopes of the mountain.  They had to camp in the snow for two nights as they traversed the pass.  The weather was moderate with only a light snow.  Daniel faithfully followed Jeremy’s lead, not knowing anything other than the general direction they were taking.  Jeremy always seemed to know where he was going.
When they arrived at the mining site someone had already delivered some supplies and had started the repairs on one of the cabins.  It was still warm from the fire they had started in the fireplace.  Daniel and Jeremy made themselves at home and started sorting through the glassware that was on the counter.  Daniel was explaining how the instruments were used to separate and mix the elements together but Jeremy’s mind could not seem to grasp the complexities of alchemy.  He could remember every trail he ever traversed but this discussion of elements just would not sink in.  Daniel finally gave up and told him he’d take care of the alchemy and Jeremy could take care of provisions.  This suited Jeremy just fine.
The morning came and the sun shone with the promise of spring.  They explored their surroundings.  The small cluster of stone buildings was on the edge of a pit.  On the downhill side the ground was strewn with the rubble of mining.  Many of the rocks had the green color of copper.  It was otherwise a desolate area; too high for farming and a difficult journey from any of their villages.  It was easy to see why the area was abandoned when fresh sources of copper were discovered closer to the valleys.
One of the buildings contained a grinding mill which was powered by poles extending out from the upper stone like spokes on a wheel.  It required significant human power to rotate the large stones and grind the minerals to powder.  Despite the passage of time the mill was in good shape and appeared operational.  Daniel watched Jeremy walk in a circle turning the mill and said, “It would appear that we won’t have to worry about not getting enough exercise.  No wonder they moved the mining operations next to streams, much easier using water power.”
Jeremy asked, “How much grinding will we have to do?”
“The minerals are pretty soft but we do have to grind them very finely.  Still, I can’t imagine needing more than a couple of barrels of each ingredient.  We should be able to handle that.”
They soon fell into a pattern.  In the morning Daniel would mix the powders of sulfur, saltpeter and charcoal.  They would celebrate lunch by setting off trial explosions and recording how large of a rock they could move with a given amount of the explosive.  The afternoon was spent with the heavy work of grinding the minerals.  Evenings were spent on alchemy trying to distill the essential ingredient out of the sacred water.
After a few weeks of limited improvement in the power of their explosions, Daniel decided to try packing the powder into cakes which would be easier to handle.  They made several of the cakes by pouring the powder into a cylinder and packing it down with a tamping rod.  They placed one of their cakes under a large boulder and carefully dribbled some of the powder on the ground away from it to create a wick.  They watched from behind a huge rock and were disappointed when the cake merely burned and did not explode.  Watching the streaks of white light shoot out of the hole was fun but it wasn’t much of an explosion.
Jeremy was disappointed with the failure of the experiment.  Daniel just shrugged off and said, “We tried and it didn’t work.  Maybe the next experiment will succeed and we’ll be able to really move one of those big rocks with our explosion.”
After lunch they began grinding more sulfur.  Daniel was thinking about the remaining explosion cakes they had made and decided to try grinding them to see if he could save the ingredients they had labored over.  He had Jeremy raise the grinding stone and placed a couple of the cakes underneath.  Jeremy gingerly lowered the stone and began grinding.  They were both afraid that the grinding may ignite the powder, but the operation proceeded without incident.  As the cakes were reduced again to powder Jeremy raised the stone and Daniel carefully swept the powder into his container.  A change was evident in the powder.  Instead of being separate particles of the saltpeter, sulfur and charcoal it now seemed to be a uniform black powder.  Daniel rubbed the powder between his fingers and it had a gritty sensation.  They decided to repeat the morning experiment.
They used the same boulder and placed about a cup of their new black powder in the hole they had dug under the boulder.  They created their wick which they lit.  As the fire burned along the powder trail they hid behind another rock with just their heads poking out.  When the wick fire reached their black powder a flash of light occurred which was accompanied by a sharp roar which filled their head with sound.  The boulder did not simply roll over but actually fragmented into many small parts which went flying in all directions.  Large sections slammed against their protecting boulder.  It happened so quickly they didn’t even have time to duck back behind the rock.  They were lucky the flying debris did not kill them.
They sat behind the rock laughing like a couple of teenage boys.  Jeremy finally said, “Now, that is what I would call an explosion!”
Daniel just nodded in reply.  After a few minutes they got up and looked at the rock which wasn’t there anymore.  Instead there was a hole in the ground which measured about three feet across.  They repeated the experiment with some more of the black powder they had created and it was again dramatic.  Jeremy thought that maybe alchemy wasn’t so bad after all.  They spent the rest of the afternoon making some more cakes and grinding them into the black powder.  
That evening Daniel spent writing a letter.  The letter was to the chair of the Forest Council explaining what they had accomplished but without giving details of the manufacturing process.  The long summer twilight was fading when they were hailed from outside.  They opened the door to a messenger from the Forest Council.  He was tired and had obviously traveled hard to reach them.  Introductions were brief and they offered him some supper.  He accepted the rabbit stew gratefully.  As he ate he informed them of the events which had spurred his journey.  The trading bridge had no sooner been finished and the celebration completed when the Southern Kingdom sent a small troop of soldiers across to protect the bridge.  Overnight they reinforced the troop with a garrison of soldiers.  Soon a small army was crossing the bridge and secured the sacred spring for the Southern Kingdom.  An envoy met with the Forest Council and explained that the Southern Kingdom was just protecting their vital interest and they intended to share the sacred water with everyone.  The Council’s protests were ignored.  It is felt that war will soon break out.  
Daniel and Jeremy received the news solemnly.  When the messenger said he was to return with a progress report, Daniel handed him the letter he had been working on.  This caused the messenger to say, “I almost forgot, this letter came for you.”
Daniel accepted the letter and immediately recognized Heather’s writing.  He took the letter and went to sit by the fireplace to read it in private.  Before opening the letter he held it to his nose and again recognized the faintest smells reminding him of Heather.  The letter was addressed simply to “Daniel of Issip.”  He didn’t understand how mail found its way but it didn’t matter, the letter was here.  He carefully broke the seal and opened the letter.
My dear Daniel,
I am glad to hear you made it home safely.  Your departure here created quite a stir.  They say you escaped prison by changing yourself into a weasel and then forced your way across the swinging bridge by changing into a bear and charging the guards.  You must be exhausted from all the changing you did.
Spring is well-established here and the crops have started to sprout.  I’m glad your colors are returning with spring.  Color can be a talisman.  I asked my father about corresponding with you and he said as long as you have not broken any civil laws it would be acceptable but you cannot return without facing the church authorities.  I do miss you but know we will meet again.
Always yours,
Heather
The messenger made as if to leave but both Daniel and Jeremy insisted that he spend the night.  They promised to demonstrate the results of their work if he would wait until morning.  This seemed an adequate excuse to the messenger and he accepted their hospitality.  Daniel sat up and composed a reply letter while Jeremy and the messenger went to sleep.
He wrote, “
My dearest Heather,
I am sorry that my leaving created such a stir and wish I could have said a proper goodbye.  The world has become much more complicated with the invasion from the Southern Kingdom.  My work keeps me busy but I am afraid we’re facing some hard times.  I hope my work with the half brains will provide all of us with a secure future.
Your father is a good King and will provide your people the leadership they will need.  I worry about you and want to make sure that you take at least one drop of sacred water each week.  Your healing is not yet truly complete and you need the essence of the sacred water.
The arrival of your letter provided me with a joy that I haven’t experienced since I left you.
Most sincerely yours,
Daniel
Daniel sealed the letter and lay in bed worrying about the future of his people and about Heather.  It seemed that he was awake all night but when Jeremy began rustling about making breakfast he realized that he had fallen asleep.  After finishing breakfast they took a cup of their black powder and again dug a small hole under a large boulder.  They created their wick and lit it.  They ducked behind another rock and made sure that they were completely protected.  When the explosion occurred the messenger clasped his hands over his ears.  Rock debris flew everywhere and when they inspected their handiwork the messenger was amazed.  The large boulder was gone and a hole in the ground was all the evidence left.
As the messenger was leaving he acknowledged their work and promised to report it to the council.  Daniel handed him the letter he had written to Heather and asked him to deliver it.  He agreed and they loaded him with supplies for his journey back.
Daniel concentrated his efforts on analyzing the sacred water.  Helpers showed up with fresh supplies of the elements and Jeremy became the production supervisor.  They ground each of the elements separately and stored them in barrels.  They then began the tedious process of creating the powder cakes.  The finished cakes were stored in cases of a gross each.  They had decided to wait on grinding the cakes until they were needed to make sure they stayed fresh.
Daniel worked from dawn to dusk with the sacred water.  He had created a crystalline substance by boiling the sacred water until the flask was almost dry.  By refilling the flask with sacred water he continued concentrating the essence.  After ten cycles of the filling and boiling a crystal began to form.  It had a reddish color to it.  With additional cycles he built up a solid base of the crystals.  Now it was time to try and analyze the crystals themselves.  He tasted them and noted a bitter salty taste.  They would not melt even with high heat.  When he treated a sample of the crystals with alcohol the red color disappeared from the crystals.  When he evaporated the alcohol that he poured off a darker red residue was left.
He was able to consistently create this new type of crystal.  The crystal remaining after the alcohol treatment seemed to be ordinary salt.  The new reddish crystal was bitter and dissolved in both alcohol and water.  Daniel was making progress but felt stymied by his inexperience and the lack of testing components.  He wasn’t sure how to further test his substance which he felt was the Iodine that the old priest had talked about.  A test was needed to easily identify this iodine.  Daniel made do with the materials he had.  He tried reacting the new crystals with iron and sulfur without any significant changes.  The charcoal turned the solution black but he could filter off the liquid and the red crystals were still dissolved in it.  When he placed some acid of sulfur in his flask and boiled the solution it changed to a purple color and purple fumes were given off which were irritating to his eyes and smelled terrible.  Daniel was excited because he had actually done something to the sacred essence.  Jeremy was not impressed, he said, “I don’t understand what you did but I know you sure stank up the place.  Maybe you should move your experiments outdoors so we can breath when we come into eat.  It smells like rotten eggs in here.”
The purple solution settled out and after it was dry Daniel carefully scraped the purple substance into a small jar.  He used samples to further test the substance.  It dissolved in alcohol but not in water.  The crystals melted fairly easily and then reformed when cooled.  His iodine had a definite odor to it but not much of a taste unless it was dissolved in alcohol.  Daniel was learning about the essence of the sacred water but yet had not figured out an easy way of testing for the substance.
It was Daniel’s turn to cook and he was peeling potatoes.  His mind was still on this substance he had created from the sacred water.  It wasn’t until he started to put the potatoes in the pot for cooking that he realized some of them now had black spots from his fingers.  It was only the first few potatoes that had the spots.  He wondered if he had transferred something from the iodine to the potatoes.  He took a potato and dipped it in the iodine solution.  It immediately turned black and the color would not wash off.  He tried the test with the sacred water and noted no color change.  He touched some of the purple crystals to the potato and an intense black color developed.  Even the weakest solution of the iodine produced a color change.
When Jeremy came in and saw Daniel playing with the potatoes he asked, “Are you going to cook those potatoes or just play with them?”
Daniel excitedly explained his findings, but Jeremy and his crew, were much more interested in eating.  Pushing the grinding wheel was hard work and they were hungry.  Alchemy could wait until after they had eaten.  Daniel got back to his task of getting dinner ready. 
Daniel spent the next several days perfecting his test.  He would mix the sacred water with soil and then treat it by heating it with acid of sulfur.  He then allowed everything to settle and poured off the water.  He added alcohol and shook the mixture up.  After letting it settle it would again pour off the liquid and tested it with a potato.  The only time the mixture would react was when he had added some sacred water.  The next step was to begin testing other mineral and salt sources.  He sent Jeremy out on expeditions to collect mineral samples.  None reacted positively to his test unless he added some sacred water.  
When the messenger arrived everyone gathered to hear the news.  None of it was good.  The Army of the Southern Kingdom had moved into the headquarters of the Forest Council and demanded that everyone begin paying tribute to the Southern King.  The Forest Council had refused and it was dissolved by an edict from the Southern King.  The Forest Folk had responded to the invasion by simply disappearing into the Forest.  The Council reformed and was meeting in secret locations.  Daniel was to report to the Council in person.  Summer was wearing on and everyone was anxious to return home. Jeremy was not happy to have Daniel go off without him but Daniel insisted that he stay and finish the production.  The messenger promised to guide Daniel back to the mine.
Daniel’s journey was made quicker by the better summer weather.  He recognized the pass over Ash Mountain but the remainder of the trip was through territory he did not recognize.  They arrived at the council site which was a clearing in the forest with camping structures all around it.  The large central tent was filled with people and the messenger brought Daniel into it.  The council chair was reading a proclamation of war.  It was a complex document and required the people of the Forest to wage war without physical violence unless it was started by the enemy.  Their war was to be one of passive noncompliance and active interference with the troops and their supplies.  Destruction of the supply lines was critical so that normal winter hardships would be enough to drive the enemy from their lands.
The discussion that followed centered around the methods of accomplishing their goals.  The use of rock slides, flooding and other apparent natural phenomena were to be encouraged.  It would be appropriate if the southern soldiers disappeared without a trace and were taken into isolated villages as prisoners of war.  A psychological war was to be waged.  The council chair summarized by saying, “We are entering another hard time.  This invasion must be repulsed but hopefully their fear of the spirits of the forest will work to our advantage.  Our goal is to make the spirits come alive and instill fear in our enemy.  Our winters are hard and if we can interrupt their supplies then occupation of the forest becomes impossible.  Cooperation is essential if we are to survive and remain free.  It appears the Northern Kingdom is entering the war.  We will assist their active efforts.”
The chair of the war council spoke about the need to secure a supply of the sacred water.  This prompted the council chair to ask Daniel for his report.  Daniel summarized his work by describing his methods of purifying the essence of the sacred water.  When he described how he transformed the essence into the purple colored substance the old priest spoke up, “Now the mystery of the word Iodine is clear.  The scrolls speak to a violet substance within the sacred water.  These writings made no sense until now.”
Daniel went on to explain the potato test he had developed and the accuracy it had.  When he was asked about finding an alternate source Daniel had to give a negative report.  He said, “My test can detect very dilute concentrations of the essence of the sacred water but we have not found a source.  We have only tested a small number of possible minerals around our mining area.  We will need to obtain samples from around the forest.”
The discussion of possible alternate mineral sources was somewhat rambling.  The old priest spoke up saying, “I would expect that since our spring arises from a cave below an old volcano that any new source we found would be associated with similar conditions.  I recommend we concentrate our efforts on this type of geology.”
The council approved the recommendation and all parts of the forest would obtain samples to be brought to Daniel’s lab.  Daniel advised them that a cup of mineral would be plenty for his testing and they should concentrate on minerals with a salty taste.  All samples needed to be labeled as to their source.
The chair of the War Council then raised the issue of Daniel’s explosive.  He asked, “Has your production of the black powder gone well?”
Daniel reported that their production was almost complete.  The grinding of the powder cakes would need to be completed.  When asked for a time estimate he felt they would complete their work in three or four weeks.  The discussion then moved to the destruction of the supporting towers of the trade bridge which had allowed for the invasion.  The towers were described as huge triangular pillars which ascended from the floor of the gorge, up several hundred feet.  Ropes made out of iron then connected the pillars with the sides of the great gorge creating the bridge.  The towers were built from the rock of the gorge which was hauled up the stairway which lined the interior of the towers.  They were an obvious great feat of engineering.  They needed to be destroyed.
The council was aware of the destructive power of Daniel’s black powder.  They asked him if he thought there was sufficient power to destroy the towers.  Daniel shrugged his shoulders and said, “This black powder destroys boulders without difficulty.  I would assume that it was capable of destroying anything made by man.  It seems a shame to destroy such a wonderful work but if it needs to be done the black powder would be capable if it can be placed inside the tower.”
When they asked why it needed to be placed inside, Daniel explained how boulders were destroyed only if the powder was under them.  The force of the powder was then transmitted through the boulder.  If they placed the powder on top of the boulder they got lots of noise and light but the boulder remained almost unharmed.  A member from the builder’s organization told the council how the entryway was situated with a large ramp to move the stones into the tower which were then laboriously moved upward.  He thought placing the powder inside the tower would be possible.
The representative of the Hunter’s group then spoke to the difficulty of reaching the tower.  He described how the trail down into the gorge was heavily guarded and open to view.  It would be impossible to move down the trail without a major battle with the guards and once on the trail, attack from above would be lethal.  This report quieted the council.  The old priest again spoke up saying there was another way.  When he was asked for specifics he said, “The scrolls tell us that the first settlers to the Southern Kingdom journeyed into the frontier and then down the base of the gorge.  It was a long and difficult journey which was possible only during late summer when the upper snows had melted enough to allow safe access to the upper reaches of the gorge.  Some years passage was not possible and many people died attempting the journey.”
The representative of the hunter’s group said, “I have heard stories of this route.  Is there a map showing the way?”
The old priest replied, “I recall travel directions.  I do not remember seeing a map but I may be mistaken and will need to check the scrolls.”
The chair of the war council asked the hunter’s representative, “Can your people make the journey with Daniel and his black powder?”
He was quiet for a moment before saying, “The journey has been made before.  We can make it again but we should leave within a few weeks or the weather will be against us.”
The chair of the council than asked Daniel, “Are you willing to make the journey?”
“I am.”
The chair then completed this portion of their work by saying, “We will send Daniel on this journey.  They will leave in two weeks which means his laboratory work and the completion of the black powder must be expedited.  Our efforts will be concentrated on this work until their departure.”
Daniel was excused and as he exited the tent he was met by the messenger.  Daniel’s backpack was again full of provisions.  The messenger asked for no explanation but simply started off on the return trip.  They made good time and when they arrived back at the mining camp it was a beehive of activity.  Several more people were involved in processing the black powder and multiple containers were stacked in his outdoor laboratory awaiting analysis.  Jeremy was obviously excited to see him saying, “You sure shook things up.  Sounds like our new adventure is going to be exciting.”
Daniel didn’t even bother asking how he already knew.  He said, “This journey is going to be dangerous and I can’t ask you to come along.”
Jeremy looked a little puzzled and said, “Who said you had to ask me?  It’s not an option, I’m going.  You had better get to work with your alchemy because these samples keep arriving.  We’re leaving in 11 days and you need to find that stuff you’re looking for by then.”
Daniel spent from dawn to dusk working on the alchemy.  He found several samples with slight traces of the Iodine but no significant sources.  The work was discouraging but he kept at it analyzing one sample at a time.  The test became intensely positive when he analyzed the soil at the outflow of the cave where they had discovered the saltpeter.  The soil was so salty few plants grew in the basin.  He compared the concentration with the sacred water itself and found that one cup of the soil equaled almost a gallon of the sacred water.  A small pinch would correspond to a weekly portion of the sacred water.  Now he had good news to report.
His team was completing preparations for their journey.  Daniel completed his report to the Forest Council and added a request.  He felt it would be appropriate to send a supply of the “sacred soil” to the Northern Kingdom.  This soil was to be transported in the same small casks they have traditionally used for the sacred water.  If the transport team could be made up of some of the Forest Hunters, they could assist the active efforts of the Northern Kingdom.
With his report to the Forest Council completed and sealed, Daniel turned his attention to a more personal matter.  He wrote,
My dearest Heather,
Hard times have come upon us but that does not change the joy in my heart when I think of you.  I am off again on another journey; we will meet again somewhere, sometime.  Despite our absence from one another I feel our spirits are growing together.
My work with alchemy has proven of benefit.  You’ll be receiving a supply of a salty soil which contains the essence of the sacred water.  It is a concentrated form and a small pinch should be adequate for a monthly dosage for those who are not ill or pregnant.  All pregnant women should take a small pinch weekly.  It could be sprinkled on food as a seasoning which would help prevent morning sickness.  This is a smaller dose than is usually called for but we must ration our supplies until these hard times are over.  It is most important that pregnant women and young children receive their dosage.  I leave the distribution to you and your father.
I will keep the color blue next my heart until we meet again.
Most sincerely yours,
Daniel
Chapter 4
The team for the journey was assembled and provisioned.  Jeremy was assigned the lead position with four other hunters assigned as scouts and guards.  Six members of the trader’s guild assumed responsibility for the final packing and transport of the black powder.  Daniel was given the task of cartography and journal keeping.  The old priest had provided them with a copy of the ancient scroll which had described the original journey.  Even with modern writing it was difficult to understand because of the change in word usage.  Daniel had to translate concepts such as, “…3 days travel with the sun over our right shoulders brought us to the barren lands.”  Jeremy had to explain that the early settlers did not have a compass to guide them and used the sun’s position at noon to guide their tracks.  The ancient description described an east by northeast course.
Their provisions included the normal supplies for a journey of six weeks with additional equipment for crossing the ice field.  Limited game availability meant they had to pack enough food for the entire trip.  The return trip was not planned because of the uncertainty that lay ahead and the knowledge that the ice field would be impassable by then.  They would deal with their return when the time came.  Each of the hunters carried provisions and one cask of the black powder in addition to their hunting equipment.  The traders carried provisions and two of the casks.  Daniel was expected to carry his share of the provisions only.  When Daniel shouldered his backpack he had difficulty setting it squarely on his back.  He figured that it weighed at least 60 pounds.  He realized that each of the traders was carrying at least 100 pounds.  They didn’t look that strong but they shouldered their packs without difficulty.
Jeremy led them in an east by northeast direction following game trails that Daniel could only occasionally recognize.  As they left the slopes of Mount Ash the land flattened out into a grassland.  After a few days, the land began rising noticeably with some valleys, which had a few stunted pine trees in them.  Two weeks passed before they reached the barren lands of rock and snow.  Mount Ash was now visible only from the highest hills.  It was no longer the bleak mountain but a shining example of their home land.  This was tough terrain and their progress slowed.  The soil appeared solid but frequently it was a thin crust covering very soupy mud which caused them to sink when they broke through.  Pulling their wet boots out of the mud was stressing muscles so badly that their groins burned from the exertion.  At night the ground froze and they found moving in the morning despite the heavy frost was far easier than in the afternoon when the ice had thawed.  Some hammocks of ground had wild cranberries and blueberries which were already in their fall colors.  The berries were a welcome addition to their stored provisions.
The land appeared barren of animal life except for an occasional bird and small squirrel like animals.  Nighttime frost had limited the numbers of biting insects making travel a little easier.  The scouts had occasional glimpses of a large shaggy animal with prominent horns which they named, “ice ox.”  They accidentally trapped a small herd of these critters in a blind canyon they had wandered into.  The animals formed a defensive circle with the young within the circle and their fearsome horns pointing out.  The hunters selected a smaller adult male and concentrated on bringing it down.  That night they had fresh meat for the first time in two weeks.  They spent that night and the next morning smoking as much meat as they could carry using the wiry branches of the cranberries for their fuel.  It was almost noon before they were loaded up and headed out.
The weather was changing and the wind had a bite to it.  They traveled until it was almost dark and made camp.  Jeremy usually chose high ground for their camping spot because it tended to be drier.  Tonight he had no choice because there was no high ground.  When Daniel awoke he realized that the tent was sagging significantly.  The wind was not howling as much as it had been during the night.  He reached out and pushed up on the tent and felt the weight and coldness of the snow.  Jeremy was watching him from his side of the tent and said, “I figure we got at least 10 inches of snow last night and it’s still coming down.”
Daniel had assumed that they would wait out the storm by Jeremy insisted they pack up and move on.  He said, “No telling how long the snow will last.  We might as well keep moving or we’ll never get there.”
The heavy packs were weighed down further by the wet tents and the snow that kept falling.  The ancient scroll had recorded eight days to traverse the barren lands but they had traveled with clear cold weather.  They were five days into their crossing but now their progress had slowed even further.  For three days they marched forward guided by Jeremy’s hunched figure bent over his compass as they navigated through the whiteout.  Daniel wasn’t able to determine any direction and had enough trouble telling up from down.  Everything was white and wet and cold.  He trusted Jeremy and just kept plodding on keeping a constant eye on the figure in front of him.  On the 4th day they awoke to bright sunshine which raised everyone’s spirits.  They were like a bunch of kids playing in the snow.  They threw snowballs at each other and ran and jumped into the snow.  Jeremy let the festivities go on for a bit and then asked Daniel, “Is the light bothering your eyes?”
Daniel stopped and thought about it and said, “I think it is.  Why?”
Jeremy said, “At this high-altitude we had better worry about snow blindness.  Our eyes can’t tolerate this much light.  While everyone else wrapped up their camp Jeremy made blinders for everyone.  He took a leather strap and cut small slits in it.  These were fitted so that only a narrow shaft of light could reach their eyes.  Daniel felt like a horse with blinders on.  He was now living in darkness except for the exceptionally bright slits of light.  He could see through the slits only directly ahead.  To see anything else he had to turn his head.  In that the whole world consisted of an endless plain of white with a crystal blue sky above, this limitation wasn’t that significant.  It wasn’t until late afternoon that the plain was finally interrupted by a visible irregularity.  A mountain range was now visible.
That evening Jeremy discussed his plan.  The ancient scroll described a pass between two mountains.  The mountain on the left resembled a goat and the mountain on the right resembled a woman’s breast.  They needed to find this pass.  They were behind schedule and Jeremy decided to send scouts ahead.  One of the hunters would track east and the other would track northeast.  They would travel light and meet back with the main group in three days.  Their excess provisions and powder cask would be distributed among the remaining team members.  The main group would continue on their east by northeast route.  They were traveling hard and most evenings they finished their evening meal and went to bed.  Daniel was diligent on spending a few minutes every night writing in his journal and comparing their journey to the old scroll.  He added compass headings and estimated distances to the journal.  His map making attempts produced rough characterizations of the terrain they passed over.  Nobody had trouble sleeping because of the fatigue from their heavy work.
Late in the third day the scout from the Northeast returned.  He reported that the mountains to the north appeared impassable.  The valleys were filled with ice and the glacial cliffs were several hundred feet high.  They made camp waiting for the second scout’s return but evening approached without his arrival.  Jeremy sent everyone out to gather whatever twigs and grass existed above the snow.  He twisted these together into tight bundles which he then soaked in the fat they had rendered from the ice ox.  A watch was posted on the highest ground and a small fire kept burning.  Daniel’s watch began at midnight.  The night was clear and cold.  He found himself walking in circles around the small fire in order to stay warm and to keep himself awake.  “Hello watch.  It is Samuel of Lithe.”
Daniel almost jumped out of his skin at the sound of someone’s voice in the solitude and darkness which enveloped him.  He responded, “About time.  Any luck?”
Samuel replied, “The pass is almost due east of us.  I recognized it by the mountain that looks like a woman’s breast.  It’s not going to be an easy climb.”
They both headed to bed and it seemed to Daniel that he had just laid down when Jeremy was waking everyone up.  Samuel gave his report during breakfast.  Jeremy and Samuel worked together trying to come up with a plan and discussing what lay ahead.  The rest of the team was content to let them do the planning.  They had enough to do as it was.  They set out on an easterly heading and soon found Samuel’s tracks.  It was a long march and darkness was again upon them when they made camp at the foot of the pass.  They had a celebration meal that night of the smoked ice ox and the last of their travel bread.  For dessert they shared the few remaining fresh berries they had picked.
It was still dark when Jeremy began waking everyone up.  Breakfast was quiet as everyone mentally prepared themselves for the upcoming climb.  They started up the pass as soon as the first streaks of light were visible.  The valley faced south and the late summer sun had melted most of the snow.  They were walking on course gravel interspersed with many boulders.  The wall of ice kept getting closer as they ascended the valley.  When they reached the base of the glacier Jeremy had everyone strap metal bands onto their boots to increase traction.  They used rope to link themselves together.  Daniel positioned himself in the middle but Jeremy said, “No, you have to go first.”
Daniel asked, “Why do you want me to go first?”
Jeremy replied, “You have the least experience.  If you fall I want a warning so we can arrest your slide before you drag the rest of us down with you.  I’ll be right behind you telling you which way to go.”
Daniel did as he was told and began making his way up the glacier.  From a distance it had looked like a wall of ice but from up close only the first 50 feet was actually vertical.  Within this vertical face were many fractures where chunks of ice had fallen.  Jeremy directed Daniel and they gradually work their way up the face of ice.  They were at high elevation and breathing was difficult.  Jeremy told Daniel, “Slow your pace down.  One step and rest for 30 counts before you move again.  If you’re panting you’re going to fast and breathing out way too much water.”
Daniel was breathing hard but when he concentrated on the pace Jeremy recommended his breathing got easier.  Everyone breathed a sigh of relief when they topped the vertical face.  The slope was still steep but they could walk more upright, like climbing a ladder.  They made fairly good time and Daniel picked up his pace slightly.  One step, take a breath, another step take a breath.  It was slow motion walking but with their heavy packs it was as fast as they could go.  There slow pace gave Daniel time to appreciate the beauty of the ice.  He stepped into a crevasse and his world turned intensely blue.  The beauty of the color was dazzling and he realized that it was the same color as Heather’s eyes.  He tarried a bit until Jeremy reminded him that they had a long way to go.
Despite the cold wind in their faces, the sun began warming the crusted snow which lay upon the ice.  Their boots would occasionally breakthrough the crust and they would sink in up to their knees in the soft snow.  Daniel’s mind had wandered back to the intense blue of the crevasse when his right foot slipped.  In slow motion he fell forward and began sliding to the right.  He grabbed at the snow with his hands but there was nothing to hold onto.  He was now sliding headfirst down the steep slope.  Jeremy yelled, “Dig in!”
Daniel felt the rope suddenly tightened around his waist and he jerked to a stop.  The rope held and he found himself almost dangling head first.  Jeremy was now telling him to lie still.  It was hard to lie still when you’re lying upside down on an icy slope held by a rope around your waist.  Daniel did his best to comply.  One of the traders at the back of the line shed his backpack and moved up to Daniel.  A second rope was lowered by Jeremy and the trader helped Daniel grab the rope.  With something stable to hold onto Daniel was able to rotate himself around so that he again faced upwards.  When he had finally regained his position at the head of the column Jeremy ordered a rest period.
They reached the top of the ice field with little remaining daylight.  Jeremy decided to make camp.  They actually had a few minutes to just enjoy the beauty of their surroundings.  As they look back through the pass they had climbed the setting sun was visible.  Ahead of them lay an immense field of snow and ice with mountaintops jutting through the ice like islands.  They appeared as small mountains because the majority of the mountain was buried beneath a mile of ice.  As darkness became complete the wind picked up.  Jeremy had everyone make sure things were secured to the stakes that were driven in the ice.  They finished their evening meal and crawled into their tents excited about their accomplishment but so fatigued that they fell immediately asleep.  The wind kept increasing in volume and soon the tents began flapping in the breeze.  Despite his fatigued the flapping became loud enough to awaken Daniel.  He lay their in the darkness listening to the canvas flap, thoughts of Heather filled his mind.  It was a pleasant interlude until the tent collapsed.  Now he and Jeremy were entangled in a claustrophobic jumble of canvas that kept trying to fly away.  Even Jeremy was having trouble sleeping now.  As morning came on the winds calmed.  The old scroll made sense now, it had reported heavy winds falling off the glacier during the day and racing back up the glacier at night.  Nobody had slept well but Jeremy got them going.  
According to the old journal they needed to head east again.  In two days they would come to another valley which descended to the Southeast.  This valley would lead them to the upper reaches of the great gorge.  They made fairly good time until they came upon an area of crevasses.  Now they were forced to scout for snow bridges across these great cracks in the ice.  They prepared to cross the snow bridges by first roping up connecting themselves into a long chain.  Daniel was happy that he didn’t have to go first.  When it was his turn he tried not looking down into the depths of the great blue crack in the ice but the allure kept calling to him as he made his way across.  About ¾ of the way across, he looked down.  Dizziness swept over him and he had to kneel down to get his bearings.  Jeremy yelled at him, “Just look straight ahead and keep moving.”
Daniel finished crossing by crawling the last few feet.  The remainder of the team crossed without difficulty until the last trader was three-fourths of the way across.  The bridge suddenly gave way casting him into the crevasse.  The rope tightened immediately around Daniels waste and he felt himself being dragged backwards towards the crevasse.  Everyone frantically tried to dig in with their ice axes but the collapsing snow bridge added to the force dragging them all backwards into the crevasse.  To Daniel everything was happening in slow motion but in reality he went from standing on solid ground to dangling just over the edge of the crevasse almost instantly.  He kept himself upright by holding on to the rope.  He felt helpless; the rope was cutting into his side making breathing difficult.  He held his ice ax in one hand and with the other hand desperately clung to the rope trying to keep himself upright.  They were spaced 20 feet apart and there were four of his companions behind him.  When he looked up the top of the crevasse was about 10 feet above him.  He remembered thinking how bottomless the crevasse looked when he crossed it.  Now he was dangling by a thin rope staring at the intently blue ice.  When he had stepped into the small crevasse the beauty of the color was almost overwhelming, now the color was of imminent danger.
After several minutes of dangling Jeremy’s head appeared over the edge.  He lowered a loop of rope down to Daniel and told him to place it under his arms.  Daniel worked in slow motion to first get the loop over his head and free arm.  His left hand had been gripping the rope so tightly that he had to consciously forces fingers to relax and let go of his lifeline.  Once the second rope was secure Jeremy had Daniel use his ice ax to cut the short rope which connected him to the lifeline.  Daniel was now dangling from the second rope which was used to quickly pull him over the edge.  Once he was on solid ground he joined Jeremy and Samuel in lowering the secondary rope.  The trader behind Jeremy was then pulled free.  This was repeated a third time but the fourth and last member did not respond.
Jeremy decided to descend and see if he could bring the trader up but Daniel objected saying, “He has obviously been hurt, I need to be the one so that I can provide medical care.”
Jeremy objected but Daniel’s logic was correct and he was already pulling his medical pack out of the large backpack.  Jeremy began giving him advice but Daniel wasn’t really listening.  His mind was visualizing the possible injuries.  He held onto the primary rope as they lowered the secondary rope which was secured beneath his arms.  He was in better control now with someone needing him.  When he reached the trader, the site was gruesome.  The collapsing snow and ice had fallen on top of his companion producing a massive head injury and almost completely burying him.  Daniel took off his glove and felt the neck for a pulse but no surge of living blood greeted his fingers.  He gently pried open one of the eyes.  The pupil was fixed and lifeless.  He could feel no air moving out of his nose.  There would be no healing of this friend.  He worked to free the backpack and supplies.  His friend would remain in the ice that had claimed him.  As he was digging he noticed a flash of color.  He scraped at the ice and snow until he uncovered some fabric.  More digging revealed another body already frozen in the ice.  His features were indistinct but his clothing, especially the cape was unlike anything Daniel had seen before.  The ice was too hard for further digging and the light seemed to be failing as the sun followed its normal arch through the sky.  As much as he wanted to continue his study of this stranger other task required his attention.
Daniel could hear his companions talking but the sound was so distorted within the confines of the crevasse that it was unintelligible.  He said a silent prayer for his companion.  He attached the backpack to the primary rope and then severed the short rope, condemning his friend to an eternity in the ice.  The sudden release of tension was noted above and when Daniel gave three sharp tugs on his rope his companions began drawing him out of the icy gravesite.  The entire troop was gathered around when Daniel was dragged over the edge of the ice.  The look on his face told the story.  They held a short impromptu funeral service for their fallen companion and then Jeremy made them move on.  He wanted off of this ice field.
In the late afternoon the angle of the sun began distorting their view of the snow and ice and Jeremy called a halt.  They made camp and took time to place extra ropes on their tents.  The cold wind had already started blowing.  The protection of the tent felt great until the velocity of the wind increased enough that the canvas began flapping.  Daniel concentrated on his journal writings. The light of his candle flickered even inside the tent which made writing difficult.  Jeremy was already asleep before Daniel finished the day’s journal.  Despite the wind and the noise Daniel slept.  The extra ropes held and the tent stayed up.
It was mid-afternoon when they came upon the valley described in the old journal.  Daniel figured they would stop early and he could catch up on his rest.  He was partially right.  Jeremy called a halt and sent two of the hunters ahead as scouts.  He kept looking at the sun and mumbling about not trusting the weather.  Daniel wasn’t sure why Jeremy was so upset.  There was a ring forming around the sun which meant clouds were moving in, but they had made it across the ice field.  The first of the scouts came back in an hour and reported an area of modest protection part way down the slope.  Jeremy immediately got everyone moving.  Daniel figured he would be last on the way down and headed towards the back of the short column.  Jeremy waived him up to the front saying he wanted to keep an eye on him.
Daniel complained, “I really don’t know what I’m doing and would prefer following someone else.”
Jeremy replied, “Not much to know.  You just step out and gravity takes over.  Don’t worry about falling we’ll keep the rope tight.”
Daniel did as he was told stepping out.  With each step he would lunge down the steep slope several feet.  The snow was soft and would cushion his landing.  Going down was much easier than the trek upward.  When they came to the small flat area Jeremy again called a halt.  Daniel began setting up camp but Jeremy told him to wait.  They could no longer see the sun and darkness would soon be upon them.  The half moon was visible against the darkening sky and a huge ring was present around it.  They waited for the second scout who got back as the sun gave up the last of its light.
His report was brief, “We can make it.  The ice face is about 100 feet high and will require lowering with ropes.  The valley below looks pretty well protected.”
Jeremy was quiet for just a minute before he announced his decision, “I don’t trust the weather and don’t want to be trapped on this ice in a bad storm.  The moon is out and we should try to get off the ice.  There’ll be time to rest later.”
With that they were off down the slope with Daniel leading the way.  They made good time until the snow began to freeze hard.  Without the soft cushion to arrest their lunges small careful steps were required.  They again attached the metal bands to their boots to increase traction.  Daniel was tired and had not slept well for the past couple of days.  He kept going downhill bearing to the left or right as directed by Jeremy.  He was on autopilot not really conscious of what he was doing when Jeremy called out, “I would stop if I were you.”
Daniel looked ahead and realized he was at the edge of a cliff.  The moon was becoming obscured by clouds and the wind was cold.  They set up a rope system and lowered one of the traders down the face of the ice.  When he had secured the lower rope they began lowering people and equipment down the face.  The adrenaline rush of hanging off the edge of the ice by a thin rope was enough to wake Daniel up.  It would have been fun under the right circumstances but now he really just wanted to get his feet back on the ground.
The darkness was becoming complete by the time everyone was lowered off the ice.  They had picked a camping site just a short way down the valley and everyone crawled thankfully into their tents.  Daniel was too tired to write in the journal.  He fell asleep.  When Daniel awoke there was a gray light and he wasn’t sure of the time.  The tent canvas was sagging under a load of snow.  He could hear the wind.  Nature was calling and he pulled his boots on and crawled out of the tent.  Everything was obliterated by white swirling snow.  Jeremy had awakened despite Daniel’s attempts in being quiet and joined him outside the tent.  They relieved their bladders and crawled back into the tent but not before Daniel managed to “accidentally” knock the snow overhanging the tent pole onto Jeremy’s head.  This resulted in a tussle that all but knocked their tent down.  The ruckus awoke those in the neighboring tent who wanted to know what was going on.  Jeremy said, “Oh nothing, our distinguished healer is just causing trouble.  I promised everyone some rest and today you get it.”
The storm persisted for the entire day but gradually let up during the night.  They awoke on the second day to a partly cloudy sky with intermittent snow showers.  Everyone was anxious to get going.  They made fairly good time descending along the floor of the developing gorge.  By the end of the day they had walked out of the snow and back to an early autumn setting.  They stayed on the forest side of the small stream that was formed by the outflow from the ice.  There was some comfort on being “on their side” of the gorge because the southern side was in perpetual shadows from the walls of the gorge which seemed to be growing ever higher.
Daniel’s muscles had been sore going uphill now it was his knees.  The heavy pack and the rocky ground combined to create shock in his knees with each step.  When Jeremy decided that they could cache their winter gear he gave a sigh of relief.  His pack was now a few pounds lighter but the terrain was growing steeper.  Very little light penetrated to the floor of the canyon and except at midday they were always in shadows.  Game was more plentiful and they again had fresh meat.  The water supply was easily available and they no longer carried their full water bottles.
After a week of descending they were now back to a late summer.  Jeremy announced one evening that this would be their last campfire.  He figured they were getting close enough to civilization that their fire could be spotted.  Daniel groaned inward because that meant they were back to preserved rations.  They continue to make good progress but Daniel noticed that Jeremy was spending a lot of time looking over his right shoulder towards the top of the canyon.  He said, “Jeremy, you’re going to get a crick in your neck if you keep looking up like that.  What are you looking for?”
Jeremy said, “You’re right about the crick but I figure that’s why we have you along so you can fix it.  I’m watching for a signal light.  I would assume the Forest Folk are on a lookout for us.”
It was the next day when the bright flash of light from the signaling mirror was seen.  Jeremy had to climb up on a rock pile to find some sunshine for his mirror.  They waited while Jeremy and the unknown watcher communicated with flashes of light.  Daniel knew the hunters used the signaling mirrors but did not understand the code.  It was obvious the other hunters and some of the traders knew the code because they watched the high signal intently trying to understand one side of a conversation.  Daniel just stretched out and took the weight off his knees.  It became the daily ritual that at noon a flash of light would become visible on the canyon rim.  The messages were always brief and concerned their position and possible enemy troops.  Many more Southern Kingdom troops had entered the forest and they were usurping the fall harvest from many of the villages.
When they were one day out from their destination Jeremy changed his pattern of movement.  There was little cover except for a few trees along the river bank and the ever present boulders.  They were now spread into a long line and moved one at a time from a position of cover to another position of cover.  Jeremy made sure that nothing shiny or bright color was visible from above.  Daniel figured everything he had was so dirty that it should blend in well with the canyon.  They were no longer allowed to talk but used hand signals and whispers to communicate.  They reached a small grove of trees which protected them from the guards above seeing them and Jeremy called a halt.  Scouts were sent out while the troop rested.
It was after midnight when the scouts returned.  Daniel had fallen asleep despite his efforts of staying awake.  The guards were explaining the terrain that separated them from their target, the bridge.  The mining operations had created a road of sorts but they had also destroyed the normal streamside game trails they had been using.  They had a choice of fighting the rock rubble or using the road.  A large encampment was present just downstream from the bridge.  They had large fires and were very noisy.  Nobody was visible upstream from the bridge because it was obviously impassable.  Jeremy had to decide whether to move down the mining road at night or move through the rock rubble during the daylight.  The scouts had reported that the only other cover was an area of large jumbled boulders just upstream from the bridge.
Jeremy discussed their options and listened to everyone’s opinion.  It was his decision to make and after accepting input he said, “Let’s go.  We will travel slowly down the road to the area of boulders.  Two of the hunters will move ahead as scouts.  We must remain silent.  We’ll rest tomorrow and plan our attack for tomorrow night.”
Everyone silently loaded up their packs and headed off towards the mining road.  Progress was slow until the road was reached.  Daniel was glad for his walking stick.  He was using it almost like a blind person’s cane to feel his way along.  The night was so dark that he was following mostly by the sounds of footsteps ahead of him.  He wasn’t sure how the scouts knew where they were going.  He just followed.  The mining road wasn’t much more than a trail with wagon ruts but it sure was better than making their way through the rock rubble.  The night wore on and Daniel was again in his automated mode.  When the trader in front of him stopped Daniel bumped into him.  The whisper came back that they were to hide underneath boulders and get some rest.
Daniel wasn’t sure what to do and before he could do anything wrong Jeremy was whispering in his ear, “Move to your left until you reach a large boulder.  I’ll be right behind you.”
Daniel did as he was told and when he literally walked into a boulder which seemed the size of a house he heard Jeremy whisper, “Move to the right and there will be an overhang you can rest under.”
When Jeremy found the overhang he crawled under and dug out his sleeping roll.  He should have been worried but was too tired and fell asleep.  His rock bed was good enough for awhile and then he awoke with a sore hip.  He rolled over and moved a hand sized rock from under him.  A while later, he awoke, with a sore area under his back, and moved another rock.  It was daylight now but he managed to sleep a bit longer.  The scratching noise awoke him.  He slowly opened his eyes and a squirrel like animal was digging at his backpack.  He watched the animal, which seemed intent on removing the buttons from his pack.  He whispered, “Now my little friend, it would be better if you left my buttons alone.”
The ground squirrel scurried away at his voice and Daniel closed his eyes again.  A few minutes later the scratching noise returned.  Daniel whispered again and the critter scurried away only to return as soon as Daniel appeared asleep.  He tried putting out bits of food but the squirrel was more interested in his buttons.  This diversion was ended when Jeremy showed up.  They talked in a quiet whisper trying to plan the next step.  Jeremy wanted to know how much powder they were going to use in each of the Towers.  Daniel said, “How would I know?  I haven’t even seen the Towers.”
Jeremy was quiet for a minute and then said, “I suppose having a look at the Towers is important because it’s going to be a dark night.  Follow me but be quiet.”
They began moving towards the Towers staying in the rock rubble.  Daniel felt like his small squirrel friend, flitting from one rock to another.  When the Towers came into view he was awestruck by their immense size.  He whispered to Jeremy, “I need to get closer and see how big the individual rocks are.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, the Towers are so immense that I had no perspective of the size of the rocks used in building them.”
Jeremy led them ever more slowly towards the base of the nearest tower.  They were triangular in shape and tapered gradually as they arose from the canyon floor. Each side of the triangle measured about 100 feet in length and the tower ascended several hundred feet towards the canyon rims. The base layers of the rocks were composed of huge stones that measured 6 to 10 feet across.  The very size of the stones intimidated Daniel who could not figure out how they moved them.  The stones changed to a much smaller size about 100 feet up the tower.  Here the stones measured about three feet in diameter.  These were stones that Daniel could work with.
They made their way back to the camp.  Once safely hidden beneath the huge rocks Daniel and Jeremy continued their discussion.  Daniel said, “Those towers are marvels of building and it seems wrong to destroy them.”
Jeremy reminded him that it was those towers which have allowed the southern Kingdom’s army to invade their Forest homes and usurp the sacred spring.  Daniel replied, “I know we need to destroy them but that doesn’t mean I feel good about it.  This trade bridge should have been good for both of our countries.  The existing trade trail is arduous and dangerous and this bridge would save the lives of our traders.”
Jeremy asked quietly, “Was it on this trail where your father died?”
“Yes, and I suppose that’s one of the reasons why I am loath to destroy these towers.  What must be done, must be done so let’s get on with it.”
They were joined by one of the scouts.  Daniel told them that the base stones were too large to attack.  They needed to place their powder charges against the smaller stones.  He also felt that it would be impossible to bring down both towers and they would need to concentrate on one of them.  They decided the tower closest to the forest would be easiest to defend in the future.  Bringing down the tower across the river was their goal.  This meant they needed to cross the stream and plan an escape route from the less favorable position.  Daniel was concerned about climbing up the tower to place the charges.  The scout laughed and said, “You can climb the rocks if you want but using the stairway inside would be easier.”
Daniel was puzzled until the scout explained that he had actually gone into the tower and looked around.  There was a ramp leading to a large door opening and a stairway which spiraled up inside the tower.  The scout assured him that placing the charges would not be a problem.  Jeremy wanted to know how they would delay the explosion to allow for everyone to retreat to a safe hiding area.  Daniel had been thinking about this and said, “I think we will use a candle which will gradually burn down to our fuse trail.  I will plan on a 30 minute delay.  
When nightfall was complete they crossed the river.  Jeremy had everyone strip from the waist down and secure their boots and dry clothes onto the top of their packs.  The water was ice cold from the melting glaciers.  It was only waist high but so cold that Daniel’s skin had a burning sensation but only for a minute before he started going numb.  Before he reached the far shore his feet felt like blocks of wood.  The stones that felt so hard initially were now trying to grab his numb feet and make him stumble or twist his ankle.  The rocks were slippery and if it wasn’t for the support of his walking stick he would have gone swimming.  As they climbed up on the opposite bank Jeremy called for a rest and told everyone to dress.  Daniel did not realize how cold he was until blood started flowing into his feet.  He was shivering and glad that he had dry clothes.
Jeremy had the Scouts move ahead and the rest of the troop followed slowly.  It was dark enough that Daniel recognized the Towers only by the more complete blackness of the sky where the Towers blacked out the background of stars.  He wasn’t sure how the Scouts maneuvered in such darkness.  He had enough trouble following the footsteps in front of him.  When they arrived at the base of the tower there was a ramp leading up into a doorway which was invisible to Daniel, he just trusted Jeremy and blindly followed him.  The ramp was obvious because of the stonework and the doorway passage evident only because the almost complete darkness was replaced by truly complete darkness.  Daniel was reminded of his attempts to explore caves and the feeling of claustrophobia that he developed when his lights went out.
They were soon climbing upwards.  Everyone shared the load except for one scout who stayed behind to act as a guard.  Each step was about six inches high so Daniel figured they had 200 steps.  Unfortunately, he soon lost count while concentrating on keeping himself in the center of the steps.  He was thankful the stonemasons had taken care to make each step fairly uniform.  It was the sharp corners at each triangular intersection that were the most disconcerting.  He kept one hand along the stone face and the change in stone dimensions was noticeable.  The troop as a whole stopped when the stones had decreased to about three feet in diameter.  Daniel needed an excavation in the wall for his charges.  They tried groping to find a large enough area of fill between the stones but they needed a light.
Jeremy was not happy with the risk but Daniel insisted.  They shaded the light from above by leaning out from the stairway above their work area.  The small candle did not produce that much light but in the complete darkness it shown like a beacon.  It took just a few minutes to find an area of fill below two boulders.  They began scraping and chipping the straw reinforced mud from this space.  The sound seemed to echo within the tower despite their efforts to be quiet.  Once the cavity was well formed Daniel began pouring the powder into the space.  They emptied each cask and when their opening was filled they stacked their remaining cask on the steps next to the opening.  Daniel created a powder trail and set the candle in a position such that it would burn down in additional inch before igniting the powder.  The troop started down the stairway.  Daniel took a few steps down and then turned back and grabbed one of the full casks of powder.  He figured that they may need it for something else.  When he arrived at the doorway everyone else had made it back to the protection of the stone rubble.  He started down the ramp when he heard footsteps.
Daniel froze and slowly crouched down.  Two guards were walking his way.  They stopped at the base of the tower and began talking.  They were complaining about the futility of guarding the Towers which were obviously indestructible.  They talked about their families and what they would rather be doing.  It seemed like they were going to talk forever.  Time was getting short.  Daniel had decided to make or break for it when he heard two “thumps” and the talking stopped.  Jeremy whispered, “Get going.”
Daniel did his best to make good time towards the safety of the rubble.  He heard something being dragged behind him but just kept going.  Soon he heard the voices of his friends.  Jeremy spoke up behind him, “We’ll leave the guards here and try to put some distance between us and the tower.  We will make our way inland for a ways and then head down stream.”
They had not gone very far when the sky was lit up by rockets of bright light and their ears were filled with the roar of an explosion.  The light shot right to the top of the tower and out the scattered windows that had been created along the stairway.  Everyone watched the light display until chunks of rock began falling around them.  Hiding behind the boulders provided some safety, the ground shook whenever a large boulder landed close to them.  No sooner had the bombardment stopped when the ground again shook with the roar of the collapsing tower.  Jeremy did not wait for things to quiet down and began moving them away as quickly as possible.  They traveled until the morning sky began to lighten.  There were patches of trees and they took shelter beneath a thick clump of them.  Jeremy posted a guard and told everyone else to get some rest.
Daniel tried to sleep but the vision of the rockets of light shooting from the top of the tower and out of the windows kept him awake for a long time.  Sleep finally came.

Chapter 5

The palace of the Northern Kingdom was quiet and everyone tense.  With the King and most of his army locked in battle with the army of the Southern Kingdom, those who remained did their best.  The gates were now kept closed and the guards much more cautious.  When a troop of 100 Forest Folk showed up at the gate and asked to see the guard whose wife was named Martha, the guard in attendance immediately called his supervisor.  It was evening and the supervisor initially told them they would have to return in the morning.  When the lead of the forest Troop replied, “We will wait if we must, but we bring gifts for Heather of the Northern Palace from Daniel of Issip.”
Hearing the princes called by her name caused the supervisor to rethink his position.  He assumed the guard position and sent his junior to fetch Elrod whose wife was Martha.  When the somewhat confused Elrod arrived he was asked by the lead of the forest troop, “Are you the guard whose wife is named Martha?”
Elrod replied, “My wife’s name is Martha.  Why do you ask?”
“We bring gifts for the one called Heather of the Northern Palace from Daniel of Issip.  We were told you would help us.”
Elrod looked to his supervisor for help.  The supervisor whispered instructions and Elrod replied, “What sort of gifts do you bring?”
“We bring a letter for Heather of the Palace.  She will decide what to do with the other gifts.”
There was more whispering before Elrod replied, “I will deliver your letter but you must remain outside the gate.”
“We will wait.”
The letter was passed between the bars of the gate and Elrod took it directly to the Princess.  He entered the dining hall which was almost empty.  The Princess sat at the huge table with only a few other ladies of the court.  Elrod bowed low and apologized for interrupting them.  The Princess waived him in and asked what the problem was.  He began explaining how this large troop of Forest Folk had arrived at their gate and asked for him.  His lengthy description of how they wanted to meet with the guard whose wife was named Martha finally came to an end.  
The princess asked, “And what did they want?”
“They said that they brought gifts for you from Daniel of Issip.”
Hearing Daniel’s name the princes lit up and asked, “What sort of gifts?”
He walked forward and handed her the letter.  Heather moved beneath the chandelier and looked at the letter.  It was addressed to, “Heather, of the Northern Palace.”  The handwriting was Daniel’s, legible but with poorly formed letters.  Penmanship was not his strong point.  She carefully broke the seal and opened the letter.  Reading, “My dearest Heather” brought tears to her eyes and she had to wipe them before she could finish the letter.  She read the entire letter a second time before looking up and saying, “Where are they that brought this letter?”
Elrod replied, “The supervisor made them wait outside the gate.”
With that the princes got up and said, “We must go and let them in immediately.  They have brought us a gift as precious as life.”
Elrod had trouble keeping up with the rapid pace the princes set as they hurried back to the gate.  She told the supervisor to open the gate and let the Forest Folk in.  He tried to explain why they had left the gate locked but the princes just waived him off and told him to open the gate.  When the heavy gate was opened she walked through and addressed the troop seated on their packs outside the gate.  “I am Heather and I welcome you to the palace of the Northern Kingdom.  Please enter as my guests.”
She turned back to the supervisor and said, “They can use the officer’s barracks.  Get them settled and I’ll have a meal prepared for them in the dining hall.”  With that she turned and led the troop through the gate into the central courtyard.
When the Princess ordered a celebration dinner on short notice she received only a few complaints from the staff.  The King had been gone over a month and they had not had any reason to celebrate during that time.  The kitchen became a beehive of activity as stored food was brought out and prepared.  The great dining hall was rearranged to allow for setting of the entire troop.  The main complaint was that there was not going to be time to prepare any lavish dishes or desserts.  Heather responded, “These are Forest Folk and they would not be impressed by our finery.  We need to serve them an honest meal and receive their gifts with sincere gratitude.”
When the meal was finished Heather sent Betty to call the Forest troop to meal.  They arrived looking much refreshed.  There was no apparent hierarchy to the troop other than the spokesman she had talked with earlier.  She invited him to sit next to her at the large U-shaped dining table.  When everyone was seated Heather arose and opened the meal by saying, “We give thanks for those who are defending us, for this food we’re about to enjoy, and for the gifts that have been delivered by our friends from the Forest.”
The food was served and began disappearing at a rapid rate.  The troop had traveled hard and carried their heavy loads with minimal supplies for themselves.  The volume of conversation picked up quickly as the beer and wine was served.  The spokesman introduced himself as Randy of Issip.  Heather asked, “Are you all from Issip?”
Randy replied, “No, I’m the only one in this group from Issip.  The rest come from many different villages.  When the word went out that we needed volunteers for this journey the group assembled, and we headed out.”
Heather asked, “What is Issip like?  Daniel never told me much about his own village.”
“Not much to say.  It is a village of about 500 folks with a small store and a nice tavern.  It has good people and a fertile valley for orchards.”
“Do you bring any news of Daniel?”
“Nothing much.  He has been off in the distant mountains creating something called an explosion.  All I know is that there is a loud noise and the rocks breakup.  Jeremy left with him on a long voyage about a month ago.  No one has heard back from them.  As long as he has Jeremy looking after him he will be fine.
“I will want to hear more later but for now tell us how you crossed the gorge.”
Randy said, “I’ll let Ben tell the story since he was our guide.”
People turned and looked at an older gentlemen and Heather followed their eyes.  He was obviously not embarrassed by the attention and took a long sip of his beer before he stood up.  He started, “Well ma’am, it’s like this.  When I was an apprentice hunter, which was a few years ago, I was given the task of charting the ancient paths across the gorge.  The old priest had copied one of the ancient scrolls which described the trail, and told me to create a chart using a compass and star headings.  It was a good adventure and that’s how I came to know the old Route to your Kingdom.”
He sat back down and again took a long sip from his glass.  Heather asked, “So your hunters not traders?”
Randy replied, “If we were traders we may have been able to carry more of the sacred soil but we’re not.  Jeremy put the word out that he needed volunteers and it was just natural for us hunters to step forward.  With the Southern Army destroying stuff and scaring off all the game we didn’t have much to do anyway.”
“Is this Jeremy you speak of, Daniel’s friend?”
“Yes, ma’am.  There can only be one Jeremy, I’m not sure we could survive having two of him.”
Heather asked, “How is it Jeremy asked for volunteers and not Daniel?”
Randy replied, “Daniel would never ask anything of anyone.  Jeremy knew what he wanted so he took care of it for him.  Daniel is a special person and we all look out for him, but Jeremy sees it as his personal responsibility.”
Heather had tears in her eyes listening to them talk about Daniel.  Randy said, “I’m sorry, we’re upsetting you.”
“No, it’s OK.  Hearing you talk about Daniel makes me happy but also makes me miss him even more.  Please go on.”
“Not much more to say.  We were asked to deliver this new sacred soil and to offer our services to you.  Jeremy says that you’re a warrior at heart and we are here to join you.  The nature of the forest requires us to fight a passive war there but here with you we can take an active part in recovering our homes.”
The evening wore on and the stories continued but Heather’s thoughts kept returning to Randy’s simple statement.  Why did Daniel send her these men and what should she do now?
The next morning Heather met with Randy again.  Despite the short night he seemed well rested.  They shared breakfast together and discussed the war in more detail.  Randy explained how the Forest Folk were fighting a passive war by creating natural appearing disasters which disrupted the supply lines of the Southern Kingdom.  He could not help laughing at how scared the troops had become of the spirits of the Forest.  Their guards kept disappearing at night, never to be seen again.  The captured soldiers were a bit of a burden to the villages that had to keep them hidden.  This simple strategy had really limited the invaders ability to control the countryside.  The Southern Kingdom did have absolute control over the sacred spring.  Daniel’s work on the essence of the sacred water had temporarily reduced this advantage of the Southern Kingdom but winter was coming on and there would be hard times in the forest.
Heather explained how the wounded were transported back to the city and carried with them stories of the war.  Despite a month of fighting the Northern Kingdom’s army had not been able to dislodge the troops protecting the only mountain pass connecting the Northern and Southern Kingdom’s.  The armies of the Southern Kingdom were well entrenched in the high ground and had built many catapults.  These catapults rained down death and destruction on any Northern troops which tried to make their way through the open ground of the pass.  Heather finished by saying, “Your gift of this sacred soil is timely because the normal summer caravan was blocked and our supplies were running low.  Unless my father can break through the blockade of the pass we will soon reach a stalemate.  We need to put more pressure on the Southern Kingdom.”
Randy said, “I think Daniel is working on that.  Everyone assumes that he is going to use his explosions to try and disrupt the trade bridge and break the supply lines.”
Heather asked, “How can you reach the bridge, we have heard how heavily it is guarded?”
“The long secret journey is most certainly related to the bridge.  There is knowledge in the forest of things the Southern Kingdom is unaware of.  If anyone can use that knowledge it will be Daniel and if anyone can guide him it will be Jeremy.”
Heather spent the day visiting with the hunters from the forest.  They put on a display of their marksmanship.  Their skill with the Longbow was most impressive.  Heather would discuss military tactics however and they appeared completely foreign to the hunters.  Her frustration with being locked in the castle was more acute than ever.  Her father had refused to allow her to join with him in the battle.  Staying locked in the castle was like being in prison.  Now she had her own army of sorts but was without a plan.  As the afternoon wore on, one of the hunters took up a position on the castle wall looking east towards the mountains.  It was obvious to Heather that he was a lookout but what he was looking out for was uncertain.  The sun was starting to set when the lookout called out something about a message.  Most of the hunters ran to the top of the wall.  Heather followed them up the multiple stairways and looked to the east.  Everyone was looking not down at the ground but towards the top of the mountain.  She saw multiple flashes of light coming from the mountaintop.
It was a message coming from afar but the meaning of the message was not decipherable to her.  The flashes continued in random patterns for about 10 minutes and then stopped.  No one signaled back.  The hunters were celebrating and Heather asked what was going on.
Randy explained, “The signal message was from the forest.  Daniel has succeeded in bringing down the trade bridge.”
“How?  With his explosions?  Is he okay?”
“I’m sorry ma’am, we can only send very short messages and I just don’t know.  He’s with Jeremy so he should be fine.”
Heather asked, “Can you ask?”
Randy was thoughtful and slowly replied, “We’ll have a good Sun angle first thing in the morning and will send a reply.  The message will need be relayed by several signalers and each must wait for the proper Sun angle to pass the message on.  The reply will require a similar series of steps but we will ask.”
That evening the entire castle was involved in the celebration.  A messenger was sent to the King advising him of the positive news.  It would be several days before the messenger arrived but the army needed to hear some good news.  Heather had trouble sleeping with the question of what she should do with her small army keeping her awake.  When she finally fell asleep she dreamt of Daniel and pictured her father and his army being pinned down in the pass.  The two images gradually merged and she saw herself with Daniel freeing her father.  They were fighting together disrupting the Southern Army and allowing her father’s army to make their way through the pass.
It was a message as clear to her as the light signals were to the hunters.  Her decision was made she would escape from this prison and do what needed to be done.  She was not really disobeying her father because things had changed and she did not have time to wait for messengers to relay her intentions.  Much better to seek forgiveness than to beg for permission.  Her mood was definitely upbeat at breakfast.  She asked Randy to accompany her on a walk.  She told him of her dream and her intentions.
Randy said, “How can we help?”
Heather replied, “We need an attack from the rear to disrupt the defenders of the pass, so my father can traverse the open ground.”
“Let’s do it.  We’re not warriors but our ability with the Longbow is significant.  We are expert at stealth and should be able to get behind the enemy.  There must be alternate routes over the mountains.  Do your priests have copies of the ancient scrolls?”
“They may but I prefer not dealing with them.  Besides, a land journey would create too much of a delay.  Almost all of the horses were taken with the army, on foot it would take the better part of a month to make the journey.  We need to act quickly so that the news of the bridge will create an advantage in morale for us.”
“What other choice do we have?
Heather asked, “Would you be willing to travel by ship to reach the southern side of the mountains?”
Randy replied, “None of us has ever seen the ocean before much less sailed on it but we have pledged our services and will do what is asked of us.”
Heather explained her idea of seeking passage through the islands.  Randy asked why the army had not sailed if sea passage was possible, instead of trying to battle their way through the mountain pass.  Heather said, “The sea passage is also heavily defended and passage of a flotilla would be impossible.  There are those traders who avoided the normal channels and the transit taxes, who would be able to provide passage for a small group.  We would need to travel aboard one of these trader’s ships.”
“A smuggler’s ship?”
“If the trader pays our taxes we do not consider them smugglers but I’m sure the Southern Kingdom would disagree.  The transit taxes for passage through the channel are onerous enough that some traders are willing to take the risk of unrecognized passage.  Of coarse, they run the risk of running around and losing both their ships and their cargo.”
“And how do we find such a ship?”
“I think maybe Elrod could help us, he used to be a sailor.”
“The one whose wife is named Martha, and talks a lot?  He is on guard duty this morning.”
They made their way to the guard station; Heather went to the supervisor’s office and asked him to relieve Elrod.  The supervisor wanted to ask why but would not risk offending the Princess.  He did is he was told and had Elrod relieved of duty.  They met him at the gate and asked him to accompany them on their walk.  They had the gate opened and move towards the city proper.  Heather asked him about his sailing experience.
Elrod responded, “Your Highness, It was such a long time ago but yet not so very long ago.  I enjoyed the sea but when I met Martha, I needed to choose between her and the sea.  I chose Martha but let me tell you what it’s like to be on the ocean…”
They let him go on for a while as they walked towards the merchant’s district.  Heather finally interjected a question, “Do you know of a ship that could transport a hundred people through the island passages without being discovered?”
“While there are several captains who say they can do this, but Captain John is really your only choice.  The times are hard and the blockade of the channel is pretty complete.”
Heather asked, “How would we find your Captain John?”
“If his boat is in port and he’s either on it or at the Rusty Anchor Tavern.  If his boat isn’t in port then nobody can find him.   So if we want to find him we should head down to the docks and have a look-see.”
Heather had been to the docks only during her sailing lessons.  They were not really a seagoing people and sailing the dinghies in the harbor was the standard maritime training for those of the palace.  It was a nice enough experience for Heather but she felt more at home on a horse.  The smell of the harbor brought back the memories almost as if they were yesterday.  They began wandering around the docks looking for Captain John’s boat.  Randy had wanted to know how they were going to recognize the boat but Elrod just said that they would know it when they saw it.  They never found it.  Heather insisted that they stop at the Rusty Anchor Tavern just to make sure that Captain John wasn’t around.
The Tavern was built into the side of the hill above the docks.  The only windows were alongside the door.  They opened the door and were greeted with the smell of pipe tobacco and ale.  It was fairly dark despite the bright sunshine outside and their eyes took a while to become accustomed to the dark.  Elrod made his way to the bar and asked about Captain John.  The bartender just pointed towards a corner booth.  They made their way to the back corner which was even darker.  Whenever they walked by a table the conversation always stopped.  They were obviously not regulars and everyone noticed them.
A man was sitting by himself in the booth.  The darkness added to his swarthy complexion making him seem almost sinister.  He had a small ledger book in front of him and was nursing a glass of ale.  He looked up at them and recognized Elrod.  He acknowledged Elrod by saying, “Nice uniform.”
“Thanks.  We’ve been looking for you but your boat wasn’t at the docks.”
“Just got in and the boat is at a private dock being unloaded.  So why are you looking for me and who’s your friends?”
“We’re looking for passage.  This is Randy from the Forest and this is the Princess.”
Captain John responded, “Your Highness, not often someone from the palace is found down here by the docks.  How can I be of service?”
Heather said, “I’m seeking passage to the Southern Kingdom for myself and my friends from the forest.”
“There is a blockade across the channel.”
“I want to travel and avoid the blockade.  I was told you would be able to do this.”
“It wouldn’t be legal to avoid the inspectors.  Besides, I’m not sure your father would think kindly about someone who transported his daughter through a war zone to the enemy side.”
Heather responded, “These are hard times and they require extraordinary measures.  I will worry about my father.  I’m seeking transportation for myself and a hundred other soldiers.  Can you provide this transportation?”
“Can I?  Yes I can.  Will I?  Probably not.”
“Why not?”
“Trade is now at a premium.  Risking my ship for the value of transport makes no sense.  Despite the war, trade needs continue.  The value of trade transport has now become quite lucrative.  I am a practical man.  Perhaps you should look elsewhere for your transport.”
“If the price of transport was sufficient would your ship be available?”
“For the right price perhaps.”
Heather undid one half of the clasp from her cape and handed it to Captain John.  He took the jewel encrusted gold clasp and hefted it in his hand.  He then closely examined the jewels.  After several minutes of examination he said, “This is a nice piece, probably old.”
Heather responded, “It was a gift from my grandmother.  I will offer this piece to secure transport and the other half upon safe arrival.”
“When can you be ready to travel?  The night will be dark in four days which means we would need to leave in 24 hours.”
Heather said, “We can be ready in 24 hours but before we proceed I would like to see your ship.”
Captain John replied, “Fair enough.  It’s a bit of a walk.”
“We can walk.”
They made their way through the merchant’s district and away from the city proper.  They headed towards the military compound.  The compound was essentially deserted now with the war effort.  Tied to the military dock was a small ship that appeared almost black.  They were unloading small boxes which appeared quite heavy.  When asked what the cargo was Captain John responded, “The military buys the steel it uses for arms from a supplier in the Southern Kingdom.  Like I said, despite the war trade needs go on.”
Heather was estimating the size of the ship and said, “Your ship is less than eighty feet in length.  It would seem that transporting a hundred troops might prove difficult.”
Captain John shrugged his shoulders and said, “It would be cramped, but the ship will carry the load as long as you are reasonable about supplies.”
Heather looked at Elrod who said, “It’s a good ship.  The Forest Folk will be in the hold which will not be pleasant.  They will need to sleep in hammocks, probably four high.  The voyage is less than a week, and if everything goes well it won’t be too bad.”
Heather turned back to Captain John and said, “OK, we’ll be back tomorrow mid-day.”
Captain John replied, “One other thing, you can’t come.”
“What do you mean?”
“Nothing personal.  It’s just, women are bad luck on boats and I don’t need any bad luck right now.”
Heather said nothing but reached her hand out to reclaim the first half of the clasp.  Captain John started to hand it back to her but then paused.  He hefted the jewel encrusted gold clasp and looked again at the jewels.  He finally said, “Well now, maybe I was being a bit hasty.  You can come but the accommodations will be a bit primitive.  Are you sure you want to do this?”
Heather responded, “We will return tomorrow at midday.  Our stores will be limited to what we can carry in our backpacks.”
Heather and her companions made their way back to the palace.  They discussed their needs.  The hunters would only need dry provisions and a supply of arrows for their longbows.  They were used to living off the land.  Elrod was full of stories but also had some suggestions for the trip.  He wanted them to bring lots of rope.  They would need to fabricate their own hammocks.  The hold would be cold and no fire would be allowed so warm clothing was essential.  When they arrived back at the Palace, Heather had Elrod take Randy to the armory for supplies.  She returned to her quarters to make preparations.  Her first task was to write a letter to her father explaining her plan.
My dear Father,
As you have probably heard we have had good news here.  Daniel has sent us a substitute for the sacred water.  The supply should be adequate to carry us through the winter if we ration it carefully.  We have also received news that Daniel has destroyed the trade bridge.  The Forest Folk communicate somehow with light and sent the message yesterday.
The tide of battle has changed.  It is time to bring more force onto the Southern Kingdom’s army.  I am going to do my part.  The troop of a hundred hunters from the forest who delivered the gift from Daniel have pledged their loyalty to us in this war.  I am taking them to the rear of the battle to see if we can free you up.
I’ll see you soon when you break through the pass and march to the palace of the Southern Kingdom.  
With love,
Your daughter
When Heather finished the letter she carefully sealed it and had it set aside for delivery after she left on her journey.  She next met with the Queen.  When she briefly summarized her plan the Queen said she expected as much.  Apparently Betty had told her something was afoot.  Heather was not surprised; it seemed that there were no secrets in the palace.  The Queen’s only request was that Heather take Betty with her.  Heather objected saying she did not need an attendant.  The Queen responded, “You may not need an attendant but Betty insists that I send her with you.  These half brains know things we don’t and I trust Betty.  For my sake I ask that you take her with you.  Please be safe and give my love to your father when you see him.”
Heather could not help but accept the Queen’s request.  After the evening meal Heather informed Randy of the addition to their troop.  Instead of being upset with the addition of someone who was sure to slow them down he was excited.  He explained how the stories of Daniels escape had enshrined Betty in the folklore of the forest.  His troop would be happy to share their journey with someone as brave as Betty.
Their discussion then centered on their immediate plans.  Packing was not a significant concern but the topography of their destination was.   Heather spread out on the table a map of the lands between the northern and Southern Kingdoms.  Everyone tried to see at the same time and Heather became claustrophobic with all of the heads bent over her.  She straightened up and asked for a little room.  The Forest Folk moved back and allowed Ben, the older gentlemen who had guided them, to join her and Randy at the table.  The chart showed the massive mountain range extending out into the sea which separated the two Kingdoms.  The pass which the King was trying to pass through was very evident.  It was the only break in the otherwise continuous line of snowcapped mountains.  To the east the mountains softened into the land of the Forest Folk.  The great Gorge that separated the Forest from the Southern Kingdom was well pictured as was the canyon that separated the Northern Kingdom from the Forest.  Looking at the map it seemed as if the mountains had lifted the land of the Forest above the other Kingdoms.
The area of concern was the lands of the Southern Kingdom between the coast and the mountain pass.  The gorge was so wide at this point that it formed a huge valley.  The Southern slope was very gentle and provided the favorable hills for the wonderful vineyards of the Southern Kingdom.  The northern slope was much more rugged and partially forested.  Ben traced his finger along the upper edges of the northern slope and suggested they follow the ridgeline.  They needed to move secretly and the easier going of the valley floor would be offset by the much greater likelihood of their discovery.  They could only guess where Captain John planned on setting them ashore.
As the planning went on, Ben asked if they had a priest with the knowledge of the old scrolls.  Heather said, “Why should we talk to a priest, all they are interested in is their rules.”
Ben disagreed explaining how they also kept the ancient knowledge.  Someone armed with extra knowledge was always further ahead.
 Heather was uncertain if their priests studied the ancient scrolls but said she would find out.  As the evening wore on, everyone left to finish their preparations.  Heather sent a message to the palace church that she wanted to meet with one of the priests who had knowledge of the ancient scrolls.
Heather was finishing her breakfast when a young man in a simple priestly robe approached the dining hall.  He apologized for interrupting her but said that his supervisor had told him to report to her.  Heather’s initial opinion was that he was much too young to be a priest much less someone who had studied the ancient scrolls.  She asked him if any of the scrolls described the mountain pass to the Southern Kingdom.
He replied, “Several of the scrolls discuss the mountain pass and its discovery.  What did she need to know in particular?”
Heather shrugged her shoulders saying, “I don’t know what I need to know.  Without knowing what challenges we face how can I ask you for specific information?”
The young man replied, “This is why most priests no longer study the ancient scrolls.  Figuring out how to apply the ancient knowledge to our modern problems is difficult.  I chose or was chosen to study the scrolls because I find the knowledge they contain to be so stimulating.”
Heather was beginning to like this young man despite his status as a priest.  She asked, “How is it that you can recall what is in the scrolls?”
“For some reason I am able to look at the scroll and the image remains in my mind which I can call up and examine when necessary.  My ability is not as well developed as those in the forest who pursue the study of the ancient scrolls.”
Heather said, “Your having the knowledge is good but how does that help us when we sail off on our journey?  Can you provide us a copy of the relevant scroll to take with us?”
“Your Highness, I am sorry but there is no time to make a copy of even one scroll and information you may need is scattered across many scrolls.  It would seem that your best option would be to take me with you.”
Heather looked at Randy who nodded his approval.  She asked, “You would be willing to join us despite the dangers?”
“I do not seek danger but the knowledge I have obtained from the scrolls could help you in your mission to save our Kingdom.  If I can help, I will, despite the danger.”
Heather asked, “Can you be ready to travel in three hours?”
“I will be ready.”
Chapter 6

Heather finished her preparations and headed to the dining hall for a bite to eat.  She was met there by the Queen who handed her a small package.  Through her tears she told Heather to be careful and to deliver the package to her father.  She finished her lunch and squeezed the small package into her backpack.  Betty was waiting for her with her own backpack on.  Heather asked her, “Are you sure you want to do this?  Who’s going to take care of your baby?”
Betty answered, “My baby be okay.  A friend will take care of him.  I need to go and help.”
Heather looked at her small frame and wondered what help Betty could be, but she had promised the Queen that she would take her long.  They made their way down to the gate where the hunters from the forest were assembled.  The young priest was also there, armed with a walking staff and carrying a hefty backpack.  Heather acknowledged everyone and turned towards the gate where she saw Elrod walking toward her.  He was dressed for travel and carrying a backpack and the traditional spear of the guards.
He greeted them saying, “Last night I was telling my Martha, about the journey and all you know.  Well, she says to me that I should go and help protect everyone, what with my previous experience as a sailor and all.  Well I had wanted to go, but I was afraid, Martha my wife wouldn’t want me to go but here she thinks the same thing and says she wants me to go.  It was nice her figuring that I could help protect you…”
Heather listened to him for a while longer and realized that he was going to keep talking until she said that he could come.  She finally held up her hands and said, “OKAY, you can come with.”
Elrod’s face lit up with a smile and he quietly took his place in the rear of the group.  They headed off to Captain John’s ship.  They didn’t look like much of an army; no uniforms, no banners, no music and walking in a haphazard way instead of marching in organized columns.  But it was Heather’s army and she meant to do her best to help her father breakthrough the pass and carry the war to the Southern Kingdom.  The people of the city waved at them.  It was obvious they were up to something but nobody really knew what was going on.  If their Princess was marching off to war something was happening.
They arrived at the boat and Captain John was waiting for them.  He counted the crew as they boarded.  When he realized Heather had brought three extra people he began complaining.  When he realized one of them was a female half brain and another was a priest he really became upset.  Heather let him vent for a bit and finally interrupted him asking, “Is your ship not capable of holding three extra people?”  When he agreed the ship was indeed capable she continued, “I am paying you for passage and the use of your vessel; as long as the vessel is not overloaded I have the right to utilize its entire capacity.”
Captain John complained, “We had a bargain.  I agreed to take you and a hundred men to the Southern Kingdom and now you are changing the deal.  How much bad luck do you want to bring me?  A female half brain and a priest, it was bad enough you wanted to come, but these two are surely going to make things go badly.”
Heather began searching through her pack and pulled out a small bottle which had been carefully sealed with the official church emblem.  She leaned on her sword and offered the vial to Captain John.  He could not help but notice her sword and interpreted the meaning of the gesture.  He took the vial of sacred water and said, “Well, this should help balance out the bad luck.  Get your stuff stored so we can push off before the tide changes.”
There was a small cabin for Heather which became even smaller when she had Betty move in with her.  The rest of her troop filled the hold.  Elrod immediately got everyone busy making hammocks and securing their gear.  Captain John only allowed a few people on deck at any one time.  All of the hunters wanted to see the countryside they were traveling through, so they continually rotated between the hold and the deck.  Sailing down the large river was smooth going and they made good time.  Things began to change as they neared the ocean.  Darkness was coming on and the wind had begun to blow against them.  They had the tide and the current pushing them out into the ocean but the wind was trying to blow them back upstream.  Their smooth sailing had changed into a choppy battle with the wind.  Captain John tacked his boat back and forth across the channel fighting the headwind but their forward progress slowed to the point he had to call out the rowers.
Elrod was busy cooking up a large pot of ginger tea.  Many of the hunters were becoming slightly uneasy because of the ships rocking.  Elrod knew that this was just the beginning.  He had everyone drink a cup of his tea to settle their stomachs.  He advised them to stay lying in the hammocks which were strung perpendicular to the ships motion.  He was like a mother hen protecting her chicks.  His genuine concern was appreciated by the hunters and they mostly did as they were told.
Heather had never been across the bar into the open ocean.  The night was still lit by a small moon and she could see the surf crashing against the banks as they tacked back and forth in the ever widening mouth of the river.  Captain John acknowledged her presence as he called out orders to a small crew to adjust the sails.  His simple command of “Prepare to come about!” was met with a flurry of activity as sail lines were prepared.  When Captain John called out, “Coming about!” one set of lines was released and the opposite set were tightened on the winches changing the angle of the sails at the same time that Captain John redirected their rudder and turned the ship into the wind.  He told Heather, “Make sure your crew is situated.  We’ll make it across the bar on this tack.  It’ll be kind of rough for a bit.”
Heather went below and first checked on Betty.  She was lying in her hammock over the small cot that Heather was assigned.  When she asked Betty how she was doing, Betty replied, “This rolling around makes me feel like when I was pregnant.”
Heather made her way down to the hold.  There were bodies everywhere with hammocks strung four high and all of the backpacks strapped to the posts.  Elrod was moving around checking on everyone and positioning buckets around the group.  Heather told him that the captain said they would be crossing the bar soon.  Elrod replied, “The swells had spread out which means we’re closer to the ocean.  I’ll make sure everyone is secure.  We’ll be fine.”
Heather returned topside and watched Captain John concentrated on the waters ahead.  The tide had slackened and the choppy waves that had accompanied them were being replaced by large swells.  The ship would pitch and roll significantly with each swell.  Heather wanted to know what the bar was, but did not want to distract Captain John.  He must have been reading her mind because he said, “This bar isn’t so much a structure as it is the meeting place of the ocean and the river.  Sand gets deposited at the junction which makes it shallower.  The large swells from the ocean tend to be pushed higher in the shallower water which makes them more dangerous.  I’ve timed our transit for slack tide.  This tends to be much quieter.  It’s a real bugger trying to cross here when the tides running hard.  Is your crew doing okay?”
To Heather it seemed that Captain John was mellowing the closer he got to saltwater.  She replied, “They are alright.  Some mild sickness of the sea but otherwise okay.  The air smells different.”
“It’s the salt air.  Fills a man’s soul and invigorates him.  Once you’ve taken a liking to the ocean and the ocean to you, you’re never complete unless you’re together.  Hard for you landlubbers to understand I suppose.”
“Sounds like a love affair.”
“Aye, the ocean is a mistress alright but one that is mighty vengeful.  You need to pay her attention or she’ll get angry and then you’re in big trouble.  But if you take care and follow her rules she’s as faithful as can be.”
The moon had set and darkness was now complete.  The waters seemed to glow slightly when they were disturbed by the swells breaking or the waves created by the bow of the ship.  Heather could see nothing else in the blackness.  Captain John steered by a compass illuminated by a small hanging lamp that had red glass in it.  He seemed to be listening as much as watching.  The swells were obviously bigger and the ship would pitch down and to the side only to rise up again and roll to the opposite side.  Heather had to hold on to keep her balance but Captain John seemed to stand without difficulty holding only a light touch on the wheel he used for steering.  
Captain John said, “We’re crossing the bar.  It’ll settle down in a few minutes.  You better hang on tight until you get your sea legs.  Once you learn the rhythm of the ocean you’ll be able to dance with her and not feel so off-balance.”
After about 30 minutes the severity of the pitching and rolling seemed to moderate.  Captain John took a new heading of due west and called down into a tube, “Time to post the watch.”  He then turned to Heather and said, “We’ll head out into the open ocean for the next day and a half.  We’ll then turn north and approach the passage from the southeast.  The southwest approach is heavily guarded and very difficult to approach without being seen.  Not much left to do tonight so I’m going to get some sleep and I’d suggest you do the same.”
When one of the crew showed up to take the watch they left using the captain’s lantern to guide them.  Betty awoke when Heather entered the small room.  She wanted to know if everything was okay.  Heather reassured her and climbed into the small bunk.  The rolling and pitching of the ship now seemed to rock her and she quickly fell asleep listening to the creaking and groaning of the ship.  When morning came she joined her troops in the hold for breakfast.  About half of the Forest Folk still suffered from the sickness of the sea but the others were in good spirits.  They ate their travel rations and again took turns rotating up to the deck to experience the ocean.  The vastness and apparent emptiness of the ocean contrasted so dramatically with their Forest valleys.
They continued their westward journey all that day and into the night.  Captain John was planning on turning north at midday of the second day.  They arose on the second day to a beautiful red sky.  The beauty of the sky was not matched by Captain John’s mood.  Heather asked the first mate why Captain John seemed to be in such a sour mood.  He explained their concern about a weather change, signaled by the red sky at dawn and the change in the fluid level of the pressure glass.  A storm could be forming.  At midday they made their course change to a southerly direction.  The wind also changed to a more easterly flow.  This seemed to aggravate Captain John’s mood even more.  Several times Heather heard him mumbling about women bringing bad luck aboard ships.
By late afternoon the clouds were visible on the horizon.  Captain John adjusted his course trying to reach Shelter Island before the storm hit.  They didn’t make it.  The wind and waves grew steadily and soon the clouds overtook them.  The rain started as scattered drops but soon was a steady downpour which blocked visibility.  The ship was headed abeam the wind which caused it to heal over significantly.  This added to the rolling and pitching of the waves.  Anything not secured quickly worked its way to the floor were it rolled from side to side with the pitching and rolling of the ship.  The Forest Folk were now almost all suffering from the sickness of the sea.  Elrod kept administering his ginger tea and emptying their puke buckets.  He remained cheerful and somehow was able to maintain his balance amongst the widely swinging hammocks.
Heather made her way back up to the cockpit.  Captain John was peering ahead through the rain coated glass trying to see anything.  He was swearing and muttering to himself.  His face showed his concern but also a look of excitement was evident.  When he saw Heather he shook his head and said, “I told you letting a woman aboard was bad luck and then you had to bring that female half brain and a priest along.  Well, we’re not going to be able to reach Shelter Island.  There is a reef out from the Island and I dare not try to find my way around it with this poor visibility.  We’re going to have to turn and run with the wind back towards the open ocean.”
Heather could not sense the turn because of the wild motions of the ship but soon the rolling motion quieted.  The ship would pitch forward and seem to surge ahead only to slow noticeably as it plowed into the wave ahead and rose up again.  Captain John left only enough sail up to maintain control.  His humor seemed improved.
Nighttime was a simple transition into more complete darkness.  The storm continued all night and dawn was just a transition from blackness to an intense grayness.  Heather worried about their safety but Elrod assured her that Captain John could handle the storm.  By midafternoon the sky began to lighten and the rain slacked off.  The wind and waves continued to pound them and they were forced to continue westwardly.  It was another night with little sleep for the Forest Folk as their hammocks swung wildly and their bellies protested.  The ventilation in the hold was marginal and the smell of vomit added to everyone’s nausea.  Elrod continued to nurse everyone without complaint.  He seemed unaffected by the ship’s gyrations.
Morning dawned clear with only a gentle breeze but the swells continued.  Captain John was in good spirits he told Heather, “Nothing like a good storm to get your blood flowing.  If you respect the ocean and let her lead in the dance, things work out okay, but if you try to force your way, things go badly.”
Heather asked him where they were.  He replied, “We’re a long way west of where we want to be and probably a day north of the archipelago.  We’ll need to work our way east to the coastline and then down the coast to the mouth of the river.  Somewhere we’ll need to stop for supplies.”
Heather objected, “You mean we’re starting over?”
“Not only do we have to start over but we’ll have to wait until the end of the moon month to set off again so that we have a dark night for making our way through the passage undetected.”
“There must be some way to get through without starting over.”
Captain John replied, “There’s only one passage and it is heavily guarded.  Only on the darkest of nights can you get through without detection.  Haven’t you learned your lesson, you must follow the rules of the sea.”
Heather left to pass information onto her troops.  The moderating sea had improved their moods significantly.  They accepted Heather’s announcement fairly well with only a few complaints about preferring to walk.  The young priest however spoke up, “One of the old scrolls speaks of a second passage far to the East of the primary passage.  Would it be possible for us to use the second passage?”
Heather responded, “Captain John said there was only one passage.”
The young priest shrugged his shoulders and said, “Very few people pay any attention to the old scrolls.  But the scroll definitely describes a second passage which is very deep but narrow.  The mountains are very steep and the winds followed the winding passage as the old explorers made their way through it.  The winds blew one way in the morning but by afternoon they shifted around to the opposite direction.  It took them less than a half-day to make the passage.”
Heather asked, “How would we find this passage?”
Young priest looked up as if he was reading something on the ceiling before replying, “The passageway begins partway down a large fjord that is bounded by mountains on both sides.  The large mountain on the east is snow-covered and the mountain on the west side resembles an anvil.  The main fjord turns to the right around the anvil mountain but the passage turns sharply to the left and follows the base of the snow-covered mountain.”
Heather went back to speak with Captain John taking the young priest with her.  Captain John listened to their discussion of the second passage.  He shook his head saying, “You want me to risk my ship and crew to explore some possible secret passage just because this priest sees words in his head.  Even you should make more sense than that.”
Heather countered, “If the passage did exist would not this knowledge be extremely valuable to someone in your position?  Since we must start over anyway, why not return along the archipelago and search for this secret passage.”
Captain John turned towards the young priest and asked, “If I show you a written page your mind remembers everything on it?”  The young priest just nodded his head in the affirmative.  Captain John opened his ledger book to a random page and had the young priest look at it.  He then asked him what was on the page.  The young priest described the rows of numbers.  Captain John asked him what the numbers were.  The young priest looked upwards and began reciting a list of numbers.  Captain John followed along in the ledger book and after the first row of numbers said, “Okay okay, you’ve made your point.  I still don’t know if we can trust some old scroll, even if you can see it perfectly in your mind.  Having my own passage would be an advantage.”
Heather asked, “You’re willing then?”
“We’ll have a look see, but I’m not promising anything.”
Captain John had the young priest recite the description of the fjord and mountains again.  He then turned his ship to the south and headed for the mountainous archipelago.  It was early afternoon when the lookouts reported land ahead.  Captain John instructed the lookouts to watch for the Sentinel Mountains.  He kept the ship within easy viewing distance of the land but far enough out that the water was less choppy and the sailing easier.
It was late afternoon when the Sentinel Mountains were spotted.  They were just as described in the ancient scroll.  Captain John made way into the fjord.  The wind was going against them and progress up the fjord was slow.  Heather and the young priest were standing by Captain John.  Shelter was becoming an issue.  The high cliffs provided no respite from the wind.  Heather asked the young priest if the scrolls described any anchorages in the fjord.  The young priest again looked upwards and spent several minutes apparently reading the old scrolls.  He finally said, “The original explores found shelter just outside the passage in something called a bite which is protected by an island.”
Captain John was listening and relayed instructions to the lookout.  They were almost to the base of the snow-covered mountain when the island finally became visible.  The water calmed as soon as the boat glided behind the island.  Captain John had the anchor dropped and when they were secure, everyone relaxed.  Nightfall was still a couple of hours away so a crew was sent ashore to begin refilling their freshwater supply.  Their small shelter was surrounded by cliffs with several small waterfalls present.  Heather sent a hunting party ashore to see if any game was available.  Darkness was settling when the hunters returned with two mountain goats.  They had also picked fresh berries and some roots of wild turnips.
All the hunters were eager to set their feet on solid ground and evening meal turned into a celebration with the fresh provisions.  Heather was surprised that it seemed as if the ground was moving.  She was having trouble standing still on the solid ground.  Apparently once you develop your sea legs you give up your land legs.  Captain John refused to leave his ship and so his meal was ferried out to him.  The night was getting late and Captain John ordered everyone back on board so they could depart at first light.
The crew was up and making preparations for departure before the sun had risen above the cliffs.  Heather joined Captain John as they departed.  The wind was now blowing from their stern and they made good time as they made their way into the passage.  The water was deep but the passage so narrow that turning the ship was going to be very difficult.  Captain John asked Heather to have the young priest available to answer questions.  As the passage twisted between the cliffs the wind made a musical howling sound.  The priest said, “This must be the siren song the scrolls speak of.  It now makes sense.”
The lookout had trouble discerning the channel ahead because of the sharp twist.  Heather developed a sense of claustrophobia because of the towering cliffs.  Things were going well until the lookout called down, “Channel narrows ahead.”
Captain John tried slowing his ship but with the wind from astern and no room to turn into the wind the ship continued moving forward.  He steered the ship carefully keeping it in the center of the channel which became so narrow that the shoreline was within a stone’s throw on both sides of the ship.  Captain John was now worried about the safety of both his ship and his crew.  He asked, “Are you sure this goes through?”
The young priest responded, “I assume this is the Perilous Strait written of in the old scroll.  It will end when we see a waterfall of milk.”
The meaning of the old scroll became evident when a waterfall descending from the snowcapped mountain became visible.  The small stream was heavily laden with glacial silt which colored the water white.  They had no sooner passed the waterfall when the passage began opening up.  It remained narrow but the severe claustrophobia they had felt resolved.  By midday the wind began to calm and they sailed out of the passage into a short fjord which led to the open ocean.  They had entered the ocean of the Southern Kingdom.
Captain John sailed away from land into the open ocean keeping only the mountains visible in the distance.  He was unsure of his position but knew that they would need to sail eastwardly for at least a full day before entering waters he would recognize.  The priest reported that the scrolls described another sheltered anchorage but Captain John preferred the safety of the open ocean.  Without charts to guide him around possible reefs he preferred the safety of the deep water.
They sailed through the night and shortly before dawn significant activity awoke Heather.  She dressed quickly and went above.  Captain John was already there and said, “Nice of them to keep the signal fire burning.  I don’t think they’re expecting us.  Our timing is perfect; we’ll pass by them before dawn arrives.”
Heather asked, “Is this the passage we initially sought?”
“Aye, it is.  T'is much safer to use our secret passage than risk detection here.  They have several catapults positioned along the cliffs and if an unauthorized ship is seen they can sink it easily.”
“So you’re happy with our bargain now?”
“I am.  So long as the passage remains a secret.”
Heather laughed and said, “I suppose as long as our taxes are paid, then the passage used should be of no interest to our officials.  The knowledge exists in the old scrolls but I doubt anyone will seek it.  I would expect the secret to remain secure.”
They continued making their way east.  Captain John steered by compass keeping his ship safely away from land and possible detection.  He determined the distance they traveled by dropping a float from the bow of the ship and keeping track of the time it took for the float to reach the stern of the ship.  He kept making notes and comparing their progress to a chart.  He explained to Heather that he was using dead reckoning to plot their course.  He would put them ashore at a secluded anchorage on the mountain side of the great gorge.  They would need to land at night and be gone by morning.
It was quite dark when Heather first recognized the crashing of waves against the shore.  She went above and watched Captain John steer his ship parallel to the surf line.  He was concentrating hard looking and listening at the surf which glowed slightly as the waves broke on the rocks.  He suddenly turned the ship towards the shore and had the sails lowered.  They glided into a quiet bay.  Everyone was being quiet.  They slowly released the anchor which grabbed the bottom swinging the ship into the wind.  Captain John gave the orders to lower the boats.  Heather’s army was quickly put ashore.  She waited until the last boat to leave the ship.  She released the remaining half of the jeweled clasp from her cape and handed it to Captain John.
Captain John took the final payment and joined it to the first half of the clasp.  He said, “We struck a good bargain.  Things have changed.  With my secret passage I should be able to complete several more trips before the winter weather closes me down.  My profits will be considerable.”  He handed the clasp back to Heather saying, “You keep your grandmother’s gift.  It has brought us good luck and you’ll be needing all the good luck you can get.”  Without letting Heather respond he helped her into the boat and sent her ashore. 
Chapter 7

Heather gathered her small army around and said, “Captain John calls this bay Smugglers Cove and says the trail leads from here to the valley floor.  The trail traverses some of the foothills before reaching the valley.  We will need to stay in the high ground on the north side of the valley.  I would like to move inland to some high ground and begin our trek to the mountain pass.  Traveling at night would be best but only if we can move safely.”
Ben spoke up, “I will scout ahead and find some suitable cover for us.  It would be best if we used teams of scouts to plan our route.  They can move about during the daytime without being seen.  The entire troop can then move under cover of darkness.”
Heather had Elrod post sentries and they waited for the Scouts to return.  Heather was excited and despite her efforts to rest her mind raced from one potential threat to another.  She was worried not only about her troops but about their need to be successful in freeing her father’s army.  Surprise woud be her major weapon and she needed to use it carefully.  Her thinking was disrupted by the screech of an owl which was answered immediately from her camp.  She heard nothing else until Ben began talking.  These hunters definitely knew how to move quietly.  Ben was saying, “It’s a pretty good trail but soft in some areas which will make covering our tracks difficult.  The trail heads uphill through some brush and an occasional clump of trees.  I’ve sent the others ahead and will guide you to the first jumping point.”  Heather wanted to know what a jumping point was.  He explained, “We scout as a team with a single member moving forward about a mile.  The other scout or scouts then move forward to this waiting point circling to the sides as they move forward.  Following the rendezvous the forward scout moves on and the other scouts continue to explore outwards from the trail.  We gain the maximum amount of information this way.”
Heather told everyone to load up their gear.  She asked Ben to lead the way.  The hunters arranged themselves in a loose formation that put Elrod, Betty, and young priest towards the front so that their boot tracks would be covered by the many soft soled footsteps which would follow them.  Heather could see only dim shapes and concentrated on the darkness which was moving forward just in front of her.  Ben would stop occasionally and hold a limb out of the way.  Heather wasn’t sure how he could see these obstructions she just followed him.  Birds were calling in the night but she could not tell if they were real or were signals from the hunters.
They walked in the darkness for about an hour before stopping.  They waited for a few minutes before one of the Scouts showed up.  He talked with Ben for several minutes before moving off again.  Ben summarized for Heather, “The trail continues upward for several more miles before dropping down towards the valley.  There are some forested areas on the North slopes of the hills which will provide good cover.  We should easily reach them by dawn.”
They continued their silent march in the darkness.  Just before dawn another one of the Scouts showed up and directed them to a small tangle of scrubby pine trees on the North Slope of a small hill.  Heather appointed Elrod to take charge of the sentries and everyone else was told to get some sleep.  Heather awoke midday too hot sunshine despite the early fall season.  The trees in their grove were small stunted pine trees that were obviously struggling for water.  The landscape beyond was pretty barren, baked by the sun.  Scattered clumps of grass and small gray bushes were interspersed with rock outcroppings and the dusty brown soil.  Below them in the valley floor Heather could appreciate the green fields but no details could be seen because of the distance.  Heather and Betty went to the far side of the grove and completed their morning rituals.
Several of the hunters were busy preparing a meal when they returned.  They were using the sunlight to heat several pots of fresh grain which was served with the dried meat.  A scout appeared from almost out of nowhere.  He reported that if they stayed in the higher ground they would have much more cover and some game but the going would be relatively slow.  If they traveled closer to the valley floor the going would be much easier but because of the population density their discovery would be much more likely.  Heather contemplated the report while chewing on the tough meat.  She said, “Our main weapon will be surprise, we’ll stay to the high ground.”
The continued their sojourn traveling in the dark resting during the day.  The hunters would cook any game they killed just as darkness came upon their camp.  The smoke and flames were much less visible at the transition time.  Heather was unsure how the hunters navigated so well in the darkness but she followed them.  Their packs were only marginally lighter but their camouflage more complete as the dust worked its way into everything.
On the 5th day Betty awoke to find a large snake staring at her face.  She tried to move away but this caused the snake to coil up and rattle its tail.  Betty forced herself to stare into the snake’s eyes.  As long as she stayed motionless and concentrated on the snakes eyes it would remain coiled with its head raised above hers.  If she tried to move, the snake with flair its head and rattle its tail.  Betty heard Heather moving but dared not speak or turn toward her for fear of losing control of the snake.  The snake also senses the movement but seems drawn to Betty’s eyes.
Heather was awakened by the rattling.  She gingerly removed her sword from its case and planned her attack.  In one movement she rolled towards Betty swinging her sword.  The snake turned toward her but the sword arrived before the snake could strike.  The release of the tension caused Betty to cry out which brought the hunters running.  Heather was comforting Betty when they arrived to find a large snake still undulating on the ground with its head severed and the tongue still darting in and out of its mouth.  Heather summarized what had happened.
Randy hefted the snake’s body which was two feet longer than Betty was tall reaching over six feet in length.  He congratulated Heather on her swordsmanship and turned to Betty saying, “It takes a special kind of courage to stare down a snake.”  He used his ever present knife to cut off the rattle from the snake’s tail and handed it to Betty.  He said, “Here’s your talisman.  You’ve earned it, and it will help protect you in the future.  It is said that anyone brave enough to stare a snake down inherits its fortitude.  You’re not very big but you have plenty of fortitude.”
That evening they delayed their departure slightly for a celebration of Betty’s victory over the snake which was roasted for her over the small cooking fire.  The daily scout report was that they were one day hike from the pass.  The large Southern army was camped in the valley on the south side of the pass.  The pass itself was a narrow gorge with high mountains on each side.  Their side of the pass had steep but passable slopes.  The opposite east side had sheer cliffs which rose over 1000 feet.  The Southern Kingdom had carved a stairway into the side of the cliff which ended on a ledge about 200 feet above the valley floor.  There was an overhang which provided some shelter for their soldiers manning the catapult.  From their viewpoint they could destroy almost anything moving through the pass.
There was a similar catapult installation on their side of the pass with a steep trail leading down to the valley floor.  Heather wanted to know if they could reach the Western catapult from above.  The Scout said that it looked possible but they would need to spend some time exploring possible routes.  Heather sent them on and they continued their way towards war.
Heather continued to follow the hunter directly in front of her.  He would gently help her step down over rocks.  She had learned to follow him and pace her steps to match his by using very subtle clues.  Despite the darkness his shape could be detected as an even darker shape which occluded the starlight.  She timed her gait so that her footfall was slightly after the soft sound of his.  Their progress improved as the moon rose, the quarter moon providing a significant improvement in visibility.  She really couldn’t tell how far they traveled but Ben assured her they were making 12 to 15 miles every night.  The trail was rising significantly and she noticed her breathing was definitely harder.  They arrived at the top of a small hill shortly before dawn.  With the moonlight Heather could see the gorge ahead of them.  The guard’s fires of the Southern army were easily seen.  They took cover amongst some large boulders and tried to sleep.  Despite her fatigue she found sleep difficult, their real work was about to begin.
Heather was awakened midmorning to the sounds of battle.  Her father’s army was advancing up the gorge using wood shields to protect themselves from the catapults.  An array of archers followed immediately behind the shields.  It was obvious to her that they were trying to reach bow distance from the catapults in an attempt to disable them.  The catapults were actively sending rocks and burning spheres down upon them.  The wood shields were partially effective against the rocks but the fire was a fearsome weapon.  Despite the casualties they drove forward to within striking distance.  Their archers effects were blunted by the use of shields by the catapults defenders.
From Heather’s viewpoint it was obvious that an attack from the valley floor was doomed to failure.  The Southern army was so confident that they barely reacted to the North’s advance letting their catapults do the work.  Many of her father soldiers fell before the northern army pulled back.  It was obvious to Heather that destruction of the catapults was essential.
As the fighting died down, Heather turned her attention to the catapult on their side of the gorge.  It was built on a knob of rock partway up the steep slope.  The camp for the supporting troops was on a larger flat region about 200 yards down the trail towards the large army encampment.  The slopes between her position and the catapult seem designed for mountain goats.  She trusted her hunters and figured they would get her down safely.  As she pondered the situation a plan began to take shape:
First they would need to descend the mountain slopes and secure the rocky knob.  They would then need to set defenders between the camp and the knob.  The wooden catapult would be destroyed using fire and the oil.  The defenders would need to protect them long enough for the fire to destroy the catapult.  They would then need to retreat back up the mountainside to complete their escape.  And all of this would need to be accomplished under the cover of darkness.
Heather sat in the shade of one large boulders watching for the returning scouts.  Despite her vantage point she did not see them until they were almost back at Camp.  They seem to blend in with the background much like the game they hunted.  Ben was the lead scout again and his face was streaked with sweat and dust turned to mud.  His report was short, “We have marked a way down, it's difficult but doable.”
Heather and her army spent the rest of the day making final preparations and trying to get some rest.  Betty was the only one who seemed able to sleep with the anticipation of the upcoming battle.  Heather wanted to ask Betty to stay behind but knew that it would be an insult to her.  She discussed the issue with Randy who suggested that they needed a lookout at the top of the mountain.  They would be pursued and having someone watch the pursuers was essential.  Heather liked the idea and incorporated it into her planning.  It would take them, about four hours to descend and she figured it would be at least an hour before the catapult was destroyed.  Reinforcements from the large army encampment would take probably the better part of an hour to reach them.  They needed to be gone before the reinforcements could arrive.  She decided to launch their attack as soon as darkness was complete.  By the time they arrived at the catapult site the moon would be rising giving her archers a better chance of defending those destroying the catapult.
They reviewed their plans while eating a cold dinner.  Randy assumed responsibility for the mountain descent, putting Ben in the lead and Heather in the middle.  They were divided into small groups which would be roped together.  Betty was given her charge as a lookout.  She practiced her owl call with only minimal success.  Randy reassured her saying, “Betty we need you to be our eyes, when you call out we’ll hear you long before our enemy can.”
Their ascent of the mountain had been tiring but the descent seemed even worse.  Each step stressed Heather’s knees and in those areas with loose rocks her feet kept trying to go out from under her.  One of the hunters kept his hand on her elbow guiding her and giving her the confidence to move ahead.  It seemed the night was even darker than usual.  Ben had marked their trail somehow but she could detect no evidence of any markers much less any sign of an actual trail.  They halted and whispered instructions came back telling her to turn and face the rock cliff.  She was to lead with the right foot and slowly sidestep her way along the ledge.
Heather made sure her sword would not tangle with any protruding rock and moved slowly to her right.  She kept her face pressed against the rock cliff and shuffled her feet slowly to the right.  The ledge angled downward at a fairly steep angle.  She was doing well until the whisper told her to now step as widely to the right as she could.  A hand found her right hand and helped guide her.  She took a deep breath and sidestep as far as she could, bringing her left foot across after the right one was firmly set.  She explored with her left toe and found nothing just a smooth rock face without any ledge at all.  How these hunters from the forest were able to find their way in almost total darkness and navigate such treacherous trails continued to amaze her.  She was reminded of Randy’s simple comment when she first remarked on their ability.  He replied, “It is what we do.”
Their path continued downward.  Heather’s knees were burning from the pressure of each step which had to be carefully controlled.  She concentrated on maintaining the rhythm of the march.  Her pain and discomfort stayed in the background as long as her mental discipline was in control but when they stopped for a respite, her knees and thighs shouted out.  Several times she was lowered on a rope down a sheer face of rock.  She used her hands and feet to feel her away down the face of the cliff allowing those above and below to control her descent.  About the time she was ready to ask for an additional break the whisper came back, “The camp is just ahead.”
Heather had a firm picture of the battlement in her mind from the hours she had spent studying it from above.  She divided her army, positioning two-thirds of the men on the trail leading down to the support camp 200 yards away.  The remaining third was assigned the task for the actual destruction of the catapult.  She waited until the trail was secure before beginning work on the catapult.  The moon was just rising over the cliff when she gave the order to begin working.  Elrod insisted on staying by her side.  The large tank of oil was found and they began carrying it in buckets and pouring it on the huge timbers which formed the structure of the catapult.  Most of the oil was poured on the supporting timbers but Heather had a portion carried to the hinge areas and to the long catapult timbers themselves.  Things were going well with almost complete silence.
Suddenly there was a cry, “Hey, what’s going on?”
This was followed by a scream as someone was injured.  Heather and Elrod ran to the base of the catapult and found two guards standing over one of her hunters who had a spear sticking out of his chest.  Heather had her sword drawn and was on the guards before they could react further.  The first guard succumbed to a forward thrust of her greatgrandmother’s sword.  The second guard reacted by raising his spear and charging forward.  Heather parried the spear and smote him on the side of the neck with her sword.  Another guard appeared from his hiding place and rushed at Heather from her back.  Elrod was ready and stopped the guard with the thrust of his own spear.  The attacking guard fell just as Heather was turning to respond to the noise.  She gave Elrod a nod and turned her attention to her fallen hunter.
The guards spear thrust had been accurate and her hunter was bleeding profusely.  He was still trying to breathe but had lost consciousness.  She held him in her arms feeling helpless and thinking that this was something her military training had not prepared her for.  She objectively new that she was risking her life and her troop’s lives, but the reality was hard to accept.  Other hunters arrived within a minute.  Heather told them to hurry their work.  The commotion had already caused another sentry to call out asking the catapult guards what was going on.  Heather knew when they failed to answer that there would be an alarm.  
A horn began blowing and sounds of activity from the support camp added to the intensity.  Heather ignored the increased tension trying to comfort her dying hunter.  She could not heal his wound and his breathing was so labored that she knew it was just a matter of a few minutes before his life ended.  She lay him down and asked Elrod to stay with him.  People were obviously running up the trail towards them.  Heather moved towards her stationed archers and had the order passed to wait until they were at the turn of the trail before launching their arrows.  She wanted their bodies to produce a further obstruction at the narrowest part of the trail.  She had to wait only a little before the first enemies showed.  In the moonlight it was almost surreal as the running guards suddenly stopped and slumped to the ground.  This slowed the guards behind them.
Heather told her archers, “We need more time to make sure the entire catapult is burning.  Hold them back.”
Randy answered, “We’ll do our part.  Once the fire is established start retreating and we’ll follow.”
Heather returned to the catapult and asked how much more oil was available.  Ben replied, “We’ve used most of the oil.  Do you want us to light it?”
Heather figured her hunters could hold off the guards from the support camp but knew that once reinforcements arrived from the valley floor all control would be lost.  She figured it would take at least 30 minutes for the reinforcements to arrive.  Once the fire lit up the area the darkness would no longer protect them.  If they did not create a hot enough fire than their mission would fail and her fallen hunter would have died in vain.  She said, “Start the fire on the far side and keep dumping oil on this side.”
Soon flames were visible on the far side of the catapult.  They were now just throwing the oil under the structure trying to create a hotter fire.  It was time to leave but Heather wanted to make sure she done everything possible.  Ben reminded her that she needed to begin their retreat so she could continue to fight.  She agreed but said first they must take care of their fallen companion.  Ben said, “It would be appropriate to use the catapult as a funeral pyre.”
A few of the hunters moved the body onto the catapult structure and they said a silent prayer.  With Ben’s help Heather began the ascent of the mountainside.  Climbing up was significantly easier especially with the light of the fire adding to the now existing moonlight.  They climb several hundred feet to the first ledge.  From this vantage point they could see down to the existing battle.  The guards from the support camp were using boards as Shields and slowly moving forward against her archers.  A large troop was moving up the trail from the valley floor.  Heather realized that this position would give her the opportunity of covering her retreating army.  She had the remaining hunters prepare for battle from this vantage.  The fire was now burning hotly and extinguishing it would be difficult.  The reinforcements would arrive in just a few minutes.  She gave the order to commence firing.  The advancing guards succumbed to arrows from above.  When they turned to protect themselves the arrows from the trail again became deadly.  Heather called out a retreat.  They continued to supply cover as the remaining army retreated and began climbing the mountainside.
The reinforcements were better armed and quickly pushed past their blockade of dead soldiers by simply pushing them over the cliff.  They started returning arrows at Heather and her attacking troops.  Ben again pleaded with Heather to retreat further insisting that the hunters could travel much faster if she moved on.  He guided her upward and they made good time until they arrived at the narrow ledge.  They would be exposed to the army below as they crossed the cliff face.  It would be a long shot for a bow but within reach of a good archer.  Ben secured his rope and moved across the ledge.  Heather followed again keeping her face pressed against the rock cliff.  They heard the shout from below and arrows began striking the rock face of the cliff all around them.  They continued moving along the narrow ledge ignoring the clattering arrows.  When they arrived at the gap in the ledge Heather took a deep breath and stepped across with the left foot.  Ben supported her and she moved her weight onto the left foot.  Heather did not even look down at the gap but simply kept moving.  The arrows stopped as they rounded the edge of the cliff.
Heather was thinking about the rest of her hunters being exposed as they crossed the cliff on the narrow ledge.  They would be exposed and the Southern army would be able to concentrate fully on attacking them.  She needed a counterattack.  Her weapons were pretty limited but they had the advantage of height.  The trail was strewn with loose rocks which had fallen from above.  She asked Ben if he thought they would be loose rocks on top of the cliff face.  He replied, “I know there is.  Are you thinking of creating a rock slide?”
Heather said, “We need a counterattack and falling rocks would work pretty well if we could time them to allow the rest of the hunters to cross the ledge between volleys of rocks.”
Ben said, “It is a tough climb to the top but we could use signals and time our rockslides.  The two of us cannot create a major slide but we can make life exciting for those down below.”
Ben began leading them up a rubble strewn slope.  They climbed several hundred feet and were almost to the top of the cliff when they were joined by other hunters from the group.  They began immediately stockpiling rocks on the very edge of the cliff.  Heather worked as feverishly as her hunters.  She sent one of the hunters back with instructions to wait for her call before anyone else crossed the cliff face.  On her signal they began shoving the rocks over the edge of the cliff creating a miniature rockslide.  The rocks knocked other rocks loose adding to the debris falling upon the southern army attackers.  As soon as the rocks stopped she gave the signal and her troops began moving quickly across the ledge.  The disarray below stopped almost all of the attacking arrows.  Heather and her group began stockpiling more rocks.  As the dust settled below the attackers again focused on her troops.  She could not see what was happening but heard the shrieks of pain when her hunters were hit.
She signaled for a halt to the crossing and they again started shoving their rocks over the cliff edge.  Surprise was lost and the effectiveness of her counterattack decreased but it still took the pressure off as the last of her hunters crossed the exposed ledge.  The light from their destructive fire was leading up the valley like a huge beacon.  Heather figured they would not be able to douse the fire and her attack was successful.  Now she needed to regroup her troops and retreat to safety.  
Ben began leading them upwards and away from their attack.  Heather did not recognize any of the landscape she was seeing.  She concentrated on the rhythm of the movement following her guide.  Her thoughts were already on how to attack the remaining catapult.  First they would need to tend their wounded and stabilize their condition.  She would send out scouts to find a way across the valley.  She figured her father would see the fire and know her first attack was successful.  For several hours they climbed upwards and it was daylight before they reached the site of their last camp.
Betty was still at her lookout.  She reported that the Southern encampment had sent lots of people in their direction around the base of the mountains.  Heather figured that there were going to try and catch them from behind.  They would move quickly and it was not much of a risk.  They then told her about a flashing light she kept seeing from across the valley.  Heather watched in the direction that Betty pointed and sure enough discrete flashes of light were visible.  She called for Randy and pointed the flashes out to him.
Randy said, “It’s someone from the forest all right.  I’ll see if I can answer them.”  He worked diligently with his small mirror trying to get the light angle properly positioned.  He kept moving his hand in front of the mirror creating flashes of code.  The light began responding in a similar fashion.  And after a few minutes of light exchanges he remarked, “It’s Jeremy.”
Heather asked, “Is Daniel with him?”
Randy said, “The light angle is poor but I’ll see if I can get some more information.”  He continued to move his hand in front of the mirror and make small changes in the mirror positioning.  His flashes of light were answered from across the valley.  After what seemed an awful long time he turned to Heather and said, “Yes, and they will meet up with us.”
“When?”
Randy shrugged his shoulders and said, “Not sure.”
“How will they find us?”
Randy smiled and said, “Jeremy will find us.”
Heather accepted his answer and returned to analyzing their situation.  She had lost two more of her hunters in their retreat.  Several others had minor wounds from the arrow onslaught.  One of the hunters was quite lame because of an injury to his leg from an arrow.  He would need help moving.  Everyone else could probably travel faster than she could.  Heather had the cooking fires started and they enjoyed a hot meal.  The enemy knew where they were and hiding was irrelevant for now.  After a couple of hours of rest they moved on, deeper into the mountains.  
At first they did not worry about covering their tracks figuring the Southern army scouts knew where they were.  They made good time and established an easy to follow trail.  Heather did not want to be chased away.  Her plan was to establish their path of retreat into the mountains and then double back.  On the second day they came to a small creek in the bottom of the valley.  They followed the creek upwards and enjoyed the freshwater for the first time in a while.  Their scouts reported that the pursuing troops were using dogs.  They were almost a full day behind them.  Heather had not counted on tracking dogs but it made sense.  She began worrying about their ability to double back.  When she expressed these concerns to Randy he suggested, “We could split into two groups.  The smaller group will continue up this valley and lead the pursuers on a nice walk.  You and the larger group would take cover and begin moving back as soon as the enemy troops pass by.”
“I don’t want to endanger anyone by using them as a decoy.”
Randy was smiling when he replied, “If a forest hunter can’t elude Southern troops in the mountains we’re in big trouble.”
Heather had to agree with his assessment.  They talked about ways of covering their scent.  The problem solved itself when they came upon some fresh bear scat.  Even Heather could smell the excrement from a distance.  Ben carefully collected a small amount of the excrement and when they came upon a small fork in the crick they made camp.  Over dinner they discussed their plan.  Randy suggested that his hunters wear the boots from Heather, the Priest, Elrod and Betty in order to maintain the appearance of their trail.  Unfortunately, none of the hunters had feet which would fit in Betty’s shoes.  The choice was to either send Betty with the decoys or risk detection of their ruse.  Heather asked Betty if she was willing to travel on as the decoy.
Betty replied, “It would be best if I go.  But you must be careful without me.”
Ben led the decoy expedition as they continued up the main crick.  Randy carefully organized the remaining hunters so that they would travel up the smaller crick being careful not to disturb any plants or leave any scent.  When he told Heather that they would be carrying her and the others, she became offended.  She insisted on walking herself.  Randy explained, “Heather of the Northern Palace, we have joined with you and will follow your lead in battle because you are a warrior.  We are hunters and know how to survive.  I ask that you allow us to do what we know how to do.  It is essential that no sign of our passage be detected.  You do not have the ability to traverse the land without leaving signs of your passage.  You will not have to suffer being carried very far.”
Heather accepted the gentle reprimand by just nodding in acceptance.  They completed their preparations by rubbing the excrement on their leggings.  There was no doubt in Heather’s mind that this foul smelling stuff should cover any scent trail they would otherwise leave.  The hunters began filing up the smaller crick one at a time, walking very carefully in the water so as not to disturb any of the rocks.  Heather was wearing spare footwear of the hunters.  The soft slipper like leather footwear was very comfortable but Heather was unsure if she would be able to hike far without the support of her heavy boots.
When asked, Heather climbed onto the back of one of the hunters and they made their way up the smaller crick.  Despite their careful passage and heavy burden he was carrying they made good time.  They came to an area where the crick passed over a large shelf of bare rock that extended off into the distance.  They reassembled on this bare rock and being careful to leave no sign moved off to the south.  The hunters in the rear worked diligently to cover their tracks.  They moved on to higher ground and hid amongst the boulders.  Heather thought she heard dogs barking in the distance.  Soon a scout appeared and reported that the enemy troops had continued up the main crick.
They rested until darkness was complete and then began moving back towards the valley.  Heather was amazed that her feet tolerated walking on the rock with the simple leather shoes.  The lack of a heel caused her to modify her gait to a gentler step much like the hunters gait.  It was easy for her to fall back into the routine of matching her cadence to the hunter in front of her whose presence and position she detected automatically now.  They traveled most of the night before calling a halt in an area of good cover.  They had been traveling hard for the past 36 hours and needed the rest.  The injured hunter was keeping up with help, but paying a price for his efforts.  
Heather was awakened by the sound of people talking.  She looked up at the sun and realized it was already past midday.  Heather prepared for the day and then joined the main troop.  They were gathered around a stranger who was obviously entertaining them with a story.  Her presence was noted by her hunters but she held her finger to her lips so the stranger could finish his story.  The story had something to do with a wall of ice but she could not patch the pieces together.  When the stranger came to an apparent ending Heather stood up and made her presence known by saying, “Well stranger, it would appear that you have been made welcome by our camp.  How is it that you have come to join us.”
The stranger stood up and with a huge smile on his face, bowed towards Heather saying, “I have been sent to locate those who set the Beacon on fire and destroyed the enemy’s catapult unit.  I have been told that it is you and your troop that takes responsibility.”
“And for what reason do you seek us?”
“We would request permission to join with you.”
“At whose bequest are you acting?”
“We’re at the service of the Forest Council.”
“What service are you performing for the Forest Council?”
“Our task has been completed and we now seek to offer our help to those actively attacking the forces of the Southern army.”
“And if I know not what service you are capable of performing for the Forest Council, why would I accept your offer to join us in our efforts?”
“A question well put.  We were assigned the task of destroying the trade bridge.”
“You must be Jeremy of Issip then.”
Jeremy bowed towards Heather saying, “That I am.  And you must be Heather of the northern Palace.”
Heather returned his bow and said, “I am.”
Jeremy continued, “I was asked by a friend to give you his regards, if I happened to meet you.”
“And would this friend be one Daniel of Issip?”
“Yes it would.”
“Your offer of help is accepted.  We are in need of a healer.  When will Daniel of Issip be joining us?”
“The others have stayed on the east side of the valley and I was sent alone to find you.  The assumption was made that you intend to attack the remaining catapult unit.  They are scouting the region seeking access.  I will guide you across the valley and we will join with them in the high country.  If this is not your intent, I will return and guide them to your camp.”
“Your assumption is correct, but now let us share a meal.  There will be time for stories after we eat.”
As dusk developed and they were preparing to leave, the decoy division was spotted heading towards them.  Heather was amazed that these forest hunters always seem to know where to go.  Jeremy tried to explain how they used the movements of the birds and animals to determine what other activity was going on.  He said, “If you open yourself to the earth and listen to what she is saying it becomes obvious.”
It may be obvious to the hunters but to Heather it remained a secret language.  The troop returned at a half running gait carrying Betty.  She was excited about the adventure and told everyone how they had led the pursuing troops into the high country.  She told how they had walked right passed their camp leaving them in the wilderness.  Betty was excited about being carried she said, “I was treated like a great Queen and carried everywhere after we headed back down.”
More stories were exchanged as they ate their meal and prepared to depart.  The injured hunter was requiring ever more assistance and Heather wished Daniel could be with them for several reasons.  They moved on retracing the route Jeremy had used previously.
Chapter 8

It was not yet dawn when they halted at the edge of the valley.  They took cover and prepared their camp hidden amongst the jumble of boulders.  Heather was anxious to see Daniel and had mixed emotions about stopping.  If they pushed hard they would have been able to cross most of the valley before morning light.  The risk of discovery, however, made her temper her personal wishes.  She could wait one more day.
Jeremy asked, “Is it not a proper aspect of war to deprive your enemies of food and supplies?”
Heather replied, “Of course, why do you ask?”
Jeremy said, “There is a Southern army outpost ahead, which I scouted on my way to find you.  They had a supply of hams and other provisions which would be easy to remove without detection.  I wouldn’t want anyone to accuse me of stealing but if it assisted us in our war effort to confiscate these foods, I would be willing.”
Heather smiled and said, “If our enemy forces were less capable of waging war against us because their food supplies were confiscated it would be a good thing.  If those confiscated goods could be used in our own efforts it would be even better.   Our packs have grown light.”
Jeremy and a dozen other hunters left the camp with their easy loping gait.  Watching them depart so silently still amazed Heather.  She knew that without her and the other northern folk that the hunters would travel much faster and leave fewer traces but she was who she was.  They had been successful so far but her weapon of surprise had lost much of its potency.  She kept picturing the remaining catapult and it’s well protected perch on the side of the cliff.  The Southern army would not make it easy for them to reach the second catapult.  She must have dozed off because it was light when she sensed the motion around her.  Jeremy had returned and each of the hunters was carrying a backpack bulging with supplies.
They had a celebration meal of ham and a type of dried biscuit.  The ham was much saltier than Heather was used to but the feeling of a full stomach was wonderful.  Jeremy entertained with the detailed account of how they walked right by the sentry who was snoring so loudly that the sound covered up the noise of their activity.  The full stomach made Heather sleepy and she withdrew from her hunters to get some rest.  Her dreams were sweetened by the anticipation of seeing Daniel again.
Clouds began rolling in with the promise of the first rain of the fall.  They waited until almost dusk before departing their camp.  Heather viewed the rain as a mixed blessing.  Any moisture in this parched land was welcomed.  If it rained hard enough to completely obliterate their tracks; then the rain would be doubly welcomed.  If the rain was just enough to dampen the dust; then their tracks would be cast and last until the next heavy rain.  She decided to follow Daniel’s advice and not worry about those things she could not change.
She broke the group into four sections.  They were to weave their way across the valley, crisscrossing their tracks.  Each group would take one of the northern folk with them.  They were to rendezvous on the opposite side of the valley below a prominent rock butte.  All contact with the enemy was to be avoided.  If they were detected they were to flee back to this side of the valley and not rejoin the main group until they were sure their pursuers were lost.
Heather set out with her group led by Jeremy.  He was always moving ahead with his loping gait and then returning to the group.  Heather had learned to watch the stars to maintain her sense of direction but now the clouds were covering the sky.  She knew they were changing direction frequently but she had lost her sense of direction after just a few turns.  She trusted her hunters and concentrated on following the movement in front of her.  Several times they passed close to camps of soldiers and their voices could be easily heard.  Their campfires were visible scattered across the valley.  They came to a dry stream which they followed for about an hour before again turning.  Walking on the loose sand was easier on the feet but more tiring to the legs.  The rain started as they turned and began walking uphill.  There were far fewer soldiers on this side of the dry stream.  Jeremy kept them moving over rocky ground to limit the tracks they would leave.  It was still quite dark when they arrived beneath the butte.  Heather had sentries posted and scouts sent out to secure the area.
The groups with Elrod and the priest arrived almost simultaneously.  The group with Betty didn’t show.  The morning light would be showing soon and Heather decided to move on.  She could not risk the whole group waiting for part of the group.  Jeremy led them up the side of the canyon.  The rain continued and made the rocks slippery.  Their progress was slow.  They were halfway to the top when the message reached Heather that Betty and her group had arrived and were following them.  Scouts were positioned to help expedite their movement up the canyon wall.  The sky was growing brighter as Heather reached the flatter ground.  They moved forward to the shelter of a rocky outcropping.
Heather rested and contemplated their success in crossing the enemy camp.  No alarms had been raised.  Betty’s group was delayed by a group of enemy soldiers who had wandered down to the dry creek to partake of liquid refreshments which were obviously not government issued.  They waited until the liquor had done its job and they passed within a few feet of the soldiers who were then quite intoxicated.  The rain was letting up and Heather hoped it had been strong enough to obliterate their tracks.  She was covered with mud because the dust quickly turned to the stickiest mud she’d ever seen when wetted.  They made camp and she spread her wet clothes out to dry, it would have been nice to have actually washed them.
Heather was awakened by a kiss on the cheek and the soft words, “Time to awaken, Heather of the Northern Palace.”
She opened her eyes to the smiling face of Daniel.  She reached up and grabbed him around the neck, pulling him down into a passionate hug.  She would have held him forever except for the giggling arising from Betty.  She released Daniel and regained some of her composure.  She said, “It is good to see you, Daniel of Issip.  We are in need of a healer.”
“I have already seen to your injured companion.  He will recover.  Seeing you makes my heart soar like the mountain eagle.”
Heather’s smile grew even larger.  She reached up and touched the side of Daniel’s face saying, “The joy of seeing you again is even greater than I had imagined.  Let me prepare for the day and we’ll share a meal.”
Betty could hardly contain herself as they prepared for the day.  She kept saying, “He’s even prettier than I remembered.”
Heather let Betty carry on only half listening to what she was saying.  Her mind was a jumble of thoughts.  She would worry about their mission only to have the image of Daniel gazing down on her, intrude upon her thought process.  By the time they rejoined the group she had stabilized her thinking.  First they would accomplish their mission, and only then would she allow herself the pleasure of contemplating a future with Daniel.
They shared a meal of the confiscated ham and biscuits.  Heather listened as the possible routes to the remaining catapult were discussed.  None of the routes could be considered anything but extremely difficult and dangerous.  Worse, none of the routes provided for a reasonable chance of escape.  Heather said, “I will need to see these routes myself.  Let’s hear about the bridge and your success at bringing it down.”
Daniel replied, “I am sure Jeremy has already told that tale many times.  We used a variation of the powder that I created while I was in your kingdom to destroy the supporting pillar.  It was a shame to destroy such a wonder of man’s creation but it needed to be done.”
Jeremy interjected, “Our healer here created quite a display.  He had flames and smoke shooting out of the tower windows all the way to the top.  The noise was enough to make our ears ring.”
Before Jeremy could go on Heather asked, “Could this powder be used to destroy the catapult?”
Daniel said, “If it was confined properly, the powder would be capable.”
“Can you make more of this powder?”
“If I had the ingredients yes, but I don’t have to make it.”
“Why not?”
“I saved one barrel and it would be sufficient.”
Heather began considering a new strategy.  They would create a diversion and allow a very small troop to use stealth to plant Daniel’s powder.  Her thoughts were interrupted when one of the scouts hurried into camp and reported a large number of Southern troops were moving their way.  The details were sketchy, it seemed like several hundred troops were moving along the ridge above them, and they were traveling fast on horses.  Heather and her troops needed to get moving so the access to the safety of the high country was not lost.  It was not yet dark but Heather ordered the breaking of the camp and a move to higher ground.  As they finish their preparations to leave another scout reported that a smaller number of Southern troops were ascending the canyon walls following the trail.
Heather knew they had been betrayed by the rain.  All they could do now was flee to higher ground.  Her primary weapon of surprise was lost.  They moved out walking as fast as the northern folk could.  The scouts kept coming and going bringing reports.  Her initial assessment was correct; it was now a race between them and the horses carrying the southern troops.  She wished more than ever for the ability to match the loping gait of the hunters.  Over the course of a day they could outrun a horse but she could not.  The terrain above the ridge was too rough for horses so they would be relatively safe once they ascended past the ridge.  They pushed hard with the hunters carrying all of their packs.  Heather’s legs burned from the exertion.  Betty was not able to keep up and they finally began carrying her.
They topped the ridge and began ascending the steep mountainside above the ridge.  She could see the dust cloud being raised by the horses and thought she could even feel their hoofbeats.  They climbed quickly with the hunters half pulling her and her companions from the North up the steep slope.  As they moved across an exposed rock face, arrows began to strike the rocks around them.
It wasn’t until the darkness was complete that Heather felt reasonably safe again.  They continued to push on at a slightly slower pace for several hours before Heather called a halt.  She used the time to explain what she thought the Southern army would do.  She told them, “They know we are here and they know what we’re trying to do.  They’ll keep chasing us and forcing us away from the catapult.  We need to destroy the remaining catapult before they can rebuild the other one.  I’m afraid we’re going to have to split up.”
Jeremy said, “Tell us what we should do, and we’ll do it.  War strategy is your department.”
Heather avoided looking at Daniel as she gave her commands.  She said, “Jeremy I want you to take Daniel and his powder and work your way down to the catapult.  Randy I want you to take seventy-five of the hunters and create a diversionary attack on the road leading to the catapult.  It has to be a serious enough attack to draw the defenders of the catapult away so that Jeremy and Daniel can destroy the catapult.  It would be ideal if you could start the attack by creating a rockslide to block the access road.  As soon as Daniel’s powder has worked you need to retreat to the high ground.”
Heather looked around for Ben who was at the periphery of the group.  When she had made eye contact she asked, “Ben, can you get a message to my father and the Army of the Northern Kingdom?”
“I can try, ma’am.”
“Tell them to prepare for an attack to be timed with the explosion which will destroy the second catapult.  They must attack quickly.”
Ben nodded silently and turned from the group silently departing on his personal mission.  He required no equipment other than what he carried.  He needed to traverse the mountains and descend to the valley below before their attack began.
Daniel asked, “What will you and the remaining troops be doing?”
Heather replied, “We will be like the mother bird pretending she has a broken wing drawing the fox away from the nest.”
Daniel objected, “You have chosen the most dangerous role for yourself.”
Heather turned away so that her tears would not be seen in the moonlight.  She finally replied, “If we do not destroy the second catapult, the first will soon be rebuilt and my father’s army will remain pinned down.  The sacred soil you provided our people will not last long and soon our babies will be borne deformed.  This demagogue from the South must be stopped for the sake of our children.  We are all taking a risk and anyone wishing not to be involved is free to leave.”
Daniel said, “Heather of the Northern Palace, you are the warrior we have chosen to follow.  We will do as you say.”
Heather asked Jeremy, “How long would it take you to reach the catapult?
Jeremy said, “If I can get Daniel to move along we could reach it by midday.”
Heather told them, “The moon will arise a little before midnight tomorrow.  Let the attack begin on moonrise tomorrow night.”
She told Randy, “Select your men and have them peel off from the group one at a time leaving no traces.  The small cliff above the access road would be the best point for the attack.  Remain hidden until you attack and then make them think you are a thousand men.  When you retreat, disburse.  We will regroup on the bald mountain above us.  My prayers go with you.”
Randy just nodded in the affirmative and began quietly talking to individual hunters making his choices.  Heather headed the group up and continued their flight away from the pursuers.  Daniel walked alongside Heather in silence.
Soon it was time for Daniel to depart the troop.  They stood together and Heather gently placed her hand on his cheek saying, “I have just regained you, and now I send you away.”
Daniel reached out and softly held her head between his hands and replied, “This will be but a short separation.  Take care and we will soon be together again.”  With that he kissed her, a long emotional kiss combined with an embrace which seemed to engulf Heather.  Then he was gone.
Heather turned and continued on her way but the tears made following the hunter in front of her difficult.  They continued to race upward to the high country.  The ground was becoming progressively rougher and the going slower.  This meant the enemy would also be slowed and they had more and more cover.  It was almost daylight before Heather called a halt.  She posted the guards and had scouts sent out.  She was exhausted both from the ordeal of their flight and from the emotions of sending Daniel away from her.  If things went well they would be together again in forty-eight hours.  For now she needed some rest.  They ate a cold meal and settled in for some rest, the days were getting short as winter approached and they would need to be on the move again as quickly as possible.  She was tired, and despite her emotional status, fell asleep quickly.  Her dreams, however, betrayed her with vivid images of Daniel either slipping off the cliff or being assaulted by the enemy troops.  When she awoke the sun was sinking in the sky.  She woke Betty and they began preparing themselves.  Several of the hunters were already up as they moved out of the camp for their morning rituals.  They were about 100 yards from camp behind a large boulder and were about to begin when Heather caught the smell of water.  She began following the scent towards what she hoped would be a spring of freshwater.  They were now several hundred yards from camp and Betty was concerned saying, “Shouldn’t we turn back?”
Heather replied, “I would love to really wash myself.  We’ll go a little bit further and if we don’t find the spring we’ll go back.”
They were now walking along a sandy track, which seem to be a dried creek bed.  There were huge columns of rock on either side.  Heather decided that they would round one more bend and if they didn’t find the water they would return.  The rocks were warm from the day’s sun and the late afternoon sunshine made them glow a deep red.  As the trail turned towards the left another fork joined it from the right.  Heather should have heard the sounds of the enemy soldiers, but her mind was filled with thoughts of Daniel.  She and Betty jumped back when they saw the soldiers.  The enemy was equally surprised but reacted quickly taking the offensive.  There were a dozen of them and they quickly surrounded Heather and Betty.  They began closing in on Heather whose sword flashed.  An adventurous soldier rushed at her but she easily parried his thrust and countered with the deadly thrust of her own.  A soldier threw a heavy ax at her, but Heather deflected the ax and ducked to the side.  Betty didn’t even see the ax coming and the side of the heavy ax struck her on the back of the head knocking her unconscious.
Several of the enemy rushed at Heather and she was forced back.  She tripped over the fallen Betty.  One of the soldiers brought his sword down as Heather was twisting, trying to regain her balance.  She was unable to defend herself from the attack.  The sword caught her on the back of her head.  It was a forceful blow which would have been immediately lethal if it had landed two inches lower.  The concussion was enough to cause Heather to lose consciousness.  Blood was spurting from her head wound.
The scouting party quickly decided to return to camp with the prisoner.  The soldier who had struck the blow was a huge man and simply picked Heather up and carried her over his shoulder.  They made their way up the narrow trail to a ridgeline where the horses were tethered.  Heather was thrown over the back of one of the horses and the scouting party made its way back to the base camp along the ridge.  The blood vessels which had been cut by the sword wound kept bleeding leaving an obvious blood trail.
The remnant of Heather’s army was getting concerned about her absence.  Darkness was upon them and she had not returned.  Scouts were sent out and the site of her battle was quickly found.  Betty was quite dazed but otherwise healthy.  The enemy soldier lay where he had fallen.  Tracks leading back up the secondary trail were evident as well as the blood spots from Heather’s wound.  One of the scouts continued on following the trail while the other scout returned to the camp with Betty.
In the manner of the forest a consensus council was held with the remaining 30 hunters and the priest.  The argument was made that continuing their mission of deception was their primary responsibility.  The discussion revolved around this essential theme and the consensus was to track the enemy troop and wait for their entire troop to perform the rescue.  Betty had been listening quietly but now she asked to speak.  For a half brain to be allowed to participate in any decision-making process would have been unthinkable in the Northern Kingdom but for these hunters it was perfectly acceptable.
Betty said, “The Princess said we were like the mother bird who led the fox away from the nest.  Haven’t we done that?  We should save the Princess before they take her to far away.”
There was a general murmur of concurrence with Betty’s simple statement.  Elrod asked to be recognized and said, “Betty’s right.  There’s nothing these enemy soldiers can do now to interfere with the battle plan.  Our job is done.  We should mount a counterattack as quickly as possible.”  When asked how they should do this, Elrod explained, “We need to attack with stealth yet tonight.  I propose that we divide the troop in half with the fastest assigned to the rescue mission.  The rest of us will provide a backup for the retreat of the rescuers.  Surprise and stealth are essential if we’re going to save the Princess.”
Betty spoke up again, “I will go.”
Both Elrod and the priest argued against this but one of the hunters spoke up saying, “The little one should come in case Heather needs care.  She also seems destined to play a part in what we’re doing.  She is so small that I can carry her without slowing down.”
The consensus was quickly reached and they finished breaking camp.  Scouts were sent out to intercept the other parties and tell them of their plans.  The route the enemy soldiers had used seemed to be the only reasonable connection between their ridge and the one the enemy soldiers had utilized.  This westerly ridge was much more open and allowed enough space for horses which explained the ability of the enemy to move ahead of them.  The horses left such an obvious trail that even in the darkness tracking was not an issue.  Scouts were sent ahead to secure their passage but no enemy sentries were found.  They made good time with the forest gait despite carrying Betty.  It was about an hour before moonrise when they came upon the enemy camp.  Multiple sentries were posted and a couple dozen horses were in a makeshift rope corral.
The camp appeared to contain about 30 tents.  Campfires had burned low and the only activity seemed to be around the cook tent on the edge of the camp.  Several half brains were cleaning up and their chatter could be heard above the snoring coming from the tents.  The soldiers were tired from pushing so hard, and the normal camp bustle was absent.  The hunters tried to formulate a plan but without knowing where Heather was being kept they were unsure how to proceed.  Betty spoke up again, “Why don’t I go find out where the Princess is?”
When they asked how she would find out, Betty explained, “Nobody pays any attention to us little folk.  I’ll just ask the other little ones where they brought the prisoner.”
Nobody had a better plan so one of the scouts guided Betty to the edge of the camp between the sentries.  Betty seemed to fit right in with the other working half brains.  The chattering continued at a higher pitch when Betty joined them but no call of alarm was raised.  The little folk had a society of their own with its own rules which was independent of the greater surroundings.  Betty visited for about a half-hour and helped finish the chores.  Everyone drifted off to bed and Betty made her way back to where her scout was waiting.  He guided her back between the sentries to the assembled hunters.
Betty gave her report saying, “The little folk are much abused by the soldiers.  There are almost 60 soldiers in the camp.  The Princess is being held in a guarded tent near the center of the camp.  They think she is still alive but they haven’t heard any sounds from the tent.”
The discussion over possible rescue options was cut short when Betty said, “I will lead you to the tent and distract the guard so you can rescue the Princess.”
Nobody had a better idea so two of the hunters went back to the enemy camp with Betty.  Betty walked nonchalantly around the camp while the hunters moved as stealthily as possible.  Betty walked right up to the guard and said, “I can’t sleep and you’re the only one else awake.”
The guard chuckled and said, “A horny half brain, I can probably help you out.”  He eyed Betty up and down and Betty let him fondle her.  He said, “Let’s go inside here but don’t make any noise.”  
Betty went inside the tent and could hear the labored breathing of the Princess.  It was too dark for her to see anything.  The guard followed her in and dropped his trousers.  He began hungrily fondling Betty.  Betty began groaning and the guard laid her down.  Betty’s groaning masked the sound of the tent flap opening and her hunters moving in.  Just as the guard was positioning himself a muffled thump was heard as the rock was brought down on the guard’s head.  He fell heavily on Betty and she let out a quiet exclamation.  She had trouble breathing until his heavy weight was rolled off of her.  She quickly moved over to the Princess who was unconscious but still breathing.  The hunters picked Heather up and they headed out of the camp.  Betty was leading the way making sure no one was about when she was accosted by a guard.  The guard demanded to know who she was.
She replied, “I’m Betty.”
“What are you doing up so late?”
“I was sent to service the boss man.”
“Figures, doesn’t it?  The officers get all of the good stuff.”  
The guard must have heard a noise because he looked toward where the Princess was.  Betty reacted by saying, “You know, that boss man didn’t use me up.  Maybe we should go to your tent.”
That brought the guard’s attention back to Betty.  He watched her loosen her blouse in the pale light of the campfire.  He was reaching out to fondle her when the thump of the rock striking his head ended the interaction.  They left him where he lay and made their way carefully between the remaining sentries.  They took a few minutes to examine the Princess.  She was so pale in the moonlight; like a porcelain doll.  Her pulse was barely palpable, and the large wound was still bleeding a little.  Her breathing was regular but seemed very shallow.  Betty tore the bottom of her blouse off and used it to bandage the wound the best she could.
The hunter’s began making their way back up the trail carrying both the Princess and Betty.  They had not gone far when a roaring sound filled the valley below them.  It was emanating from the east and everyone that gave out a quiet cheer because it suggested Daniel had been successful.  One of the hunters thought there might be enough confusion that one of the enemy horses would like to accompany them.  He left on a run back to the enemy camp.  The rest continued as fast as they could back up the trail to the relative safety of the high country.
The fleeing hunters could hear the commotion from the camp as everyone was awakened by the noise followed by the discovery that the prisoner was gone.  Orders were shouted by everyone and nobody seemed to take charge.  The horses were saddled to pursue the spirits who had made the Princess disappear, but nobody mounted them.  During the confusion one of the saddled horses began drifting away from the others.  As soon as possible the hunter leading the horse resumed his forest gait leading the horse through the darkness back to his companions.  Betty was placed on the horse and then Heather was placed behind her with her arms draped over Betty’s shoulders.  They were strapped together for support and then led off in the darkness.  Scouts went ahead to make sure the area was secure and sentries were posted behind them to secure their retreat.  The confusion was great enough that when pursuit began they had a significant head start.
The pursuers wasted no time once they started.  The horses were pushed hard.  The moonlight enabled them to move rapidly.  The pounding of the horses was easily appreciated by the fleeing hunters.  The distance separating them continued to shrink, and it seemed as if they would be overtaken within minutes.  As the hunters passed through a narrow section between small rocky cliffs a sudden shower of boulders descended immediately behind them.  As the enemy approached the blockade arrows began to descend upon the pursuers from all directions, as if they were being ambushed by hundreds of attackers.  As the horses screamed the confusion mounted and soon a retreat was sounded.  Elrod’s troops pursued them a short distance before resuming their own retreat.  Scouts kept to the rear making sure no other pursuers surprised them.

Chapter 9

Elrod kept the group moving until he found a site he thought was defensible.  The hunters carefully undid the straps supporting Heather and lowered her to the ground.  They then lifted Betty down who immediately began fussing over her Princess.  Camp was set up quickly and a tent erected for Heather.  The bandage had stopped the bleeding but her pulse was faint and her breathing very shallow.  There wasn’t much they could do except wait for Daniel.  The priest did his part by praying and Elrod busied himself organizing the military aspects of the camp.  He had scouts sent out to help locate Daniel and to track the enemy troops.  Many sentries were posted and the defense plan decided on.
Darkness had fallen and still no sign of Daniel.  Betty was nearing exhaustion but refused to leave Heather’s side.  Despite her will, she fell asleep.  The moon had risen before Jeremy and Daniel arrived.  Their movement into the tent awakened Betty who began talking so rapidly that Daniel could not keep up with her.  He finally said, “Betty, I am here now and need to concentrate on helping Heather.”  He began the exam by taking her pulse which was weak but still regular.  Her breathing was shallow and not so regular.  He pulled down her eyelids and even in the candlelight the paleness was obvious.  The dressing was caked with dried blood but when removed from the wound, fresh bleeding arose.  Daniel began cleansing the wound with concentrated sacred water. A large mat of tangled hair was incorporated into the wound.  It became obvious to Daniel that the only thing that prevented the blow from penetrating Heather’s skull had been her thick braid of hair.  Her remaining hair was trimmed so the wound could be completely cleansed.   He used small pieces of thread to tie off the arteries and veins that were bleeding.  As he began stitching the wound together Heather would groan when the needle was pushed through her skin.  Daniel said, “You hurt, my love, which means you live.  Suffer this pain for me.”
The morning sky was getting light when Daniel walked out of the tent.  Most of the troops were waiting silently outside of the tent.  Daniel told them, “Heather of the Northern Palace, lives but is very weak.  I have done all that I can.  Now we must wait.”
The priest spoke up saying, “I will continue my prayer vigil.”
Daniel nodded in appreciation and then said, “Come and speak with me for a minute.”  When they had withdrawn to the edge of the camp Daniel continued, “Heather has lost too much blood.  My grandfather told me that it was possible to share blood but I don’t know how.  Do the sacred scrolls contain anything on sharing blood?”
The priest assumed his meditative posture and began staring upward.  For several minutes he concentrated on reading the pictures of the scrolls which were in his memory.  He apologized to Daniel saying, “I just don’t have the experience with the ancient scrolls that you of the forest have.”  He continued, “There is one scroll that I have studied which talks about blood and how it can only be shared once.  It may have the knowledge you need.”
“Go on.”
The priest began reading from memory the ancient scroll, “The use of blood from one who is strong can give strength to one who is weak from loss of blood.  The one who receives the gift may suffer from fever for one to three days following the gift.  If a second attempt is made to transfer strength the recipient may suffer from very high fevers that imperil their lives.  Proper preparation of the blood transfer tube with concentrated sacred water will minimize the fever.”
“Go on.”
“There is no more.”
“But the scroll did not tell us how to transfer the strength.”
“I’m sorry, my knowledge of the ancient scrolls is just too limited.  I wish one of the forest priests could be here to help.”
Daniel realized he had been pushing hard and said, “You have given me something to work with, a starting place.  Now it will be my responsibility to solve the rest of the puzzle.”
The priest looked at Daniel and said, “If you are to help the Princess, you must take care of yourself.  You look exhausted.  Maybe a few hours of sleep will allow your mind the peace it needs to solve this problem.  I will pray for both you and the Princess.”
Despite his anxiety Daniel needed to sleep.  Jeremy had pushed him hard and when the scout found them and reported on Heather’s condition he had pushed himself even harder.  He needed to think but his mind seemed foggy from the fatigue.  He sat in the shade of one of the ever present boulders to think.  His thinking lasted only a few minutes before sleep overtook him and he slumped to the ground.  For three hours he lay there unconscious but with his mind working on the problem.  When he awoke his neck was stiff from the awkward position he had slept in.  He was anxious about how long he had left Heather and his anxiety did not subside until he had checked on her.  Her bleeding had stopped but she had not yet regained consciousness.
Heather had responded to the pain of suturing which made Daniel think that her head injury did not include brain damage.  She just needed strength to recover.  He decided to try and give her the strength of his blood.  He asked that Jeremy be found.  When Jeremy arrived Daniel told him, “I need a small stem of a reed that is hollow and less than one-fourth the diameter of your little finger.  It should be at least two feet long.”
Jeremy did not ask what the stem was for, instead he replied, “I will need to find some ground that is moist at least part of the time.  I think the water grasses will meet your needs.  We will need to search the dry creek beds, it will take some time.”
“The quicker the better.  Thanks.”
While Jeremy and several of the hunters headed out looking for the hollow reed he needed, Daniel redressed the wound on Heather’s head.  After gently cleansing it he lightly kissed the top of her head before applying an herbal cream to the wound and a clean dressing.  Then he waited.  Time seemed to crawl by.  When he had awakened from his short sleep he had already formulated a plan, now he needed a tube.  Daniel had never been good at waiting and now the wait was agonizing.  It was late afternoon before Jeremy returned with a handful of slender reeds.  It was obvious that Jeremy had pushed himself hard to accomplish the task.  Daniel placed his hand on Jeremy’s shoulder and said simply, “Thanks, my friend.”
Daniel placed two of the reeds in a basin which he filled with concentrated sacred water.  While they soaked he looked for a vein in Heather’s arms but nothing was visible.  He compared his veins which were easily visible but she had lost so much blood that there wasn’t enough left in her body to fill her veins.  Daniel then remembered the large vein he had tied off in her scalp.  With Betty questioning his action, he used a knife to cut the threads holding her scalp wound closed.  He explained his plan of inserting the reed into this vein and then inserting the other end into one of his veins.
Betty immediately objected saying, “We should use my blood because I’m a woman too.”
Daniel reminded her that because of his much larger size he could give more blood.  Betty accepted this but still insisted on helping.  Daniel accepted her offer and had her prepare the cloth by soaking it in the sacred water.  When Daniel stretched the wound looking for the vein, Heather groaned from the pain.  Daniel said out loud, “My love, I am sorry for the pain but it does show you live.”
Daniel inspected the vein.  The part he had tied off had collapsed but by gently pulling the tissue further apart he found a section which was filled with blood.  He covered this with a moist dressing and turned his attention to his own veins.  His left leg had a large vein on the side of his calf.  He tied a string around his leg below the knee which caused the vein to stretch even bigger because of the increased back pressure.  He washed the area with the concentrated sacred water and picked up his obsidian scalpel.  He cut the skin above the vein, biting his lip to control the pain he was inflicting on himself.  He then teased the tissue away from the vein.  Daniel could taste the salty blood from biting his own lip but he ignored the pain.  He placed a piece of thread around the vein.  Touching the vein ever so lightly with the obsidian scalpel opened a slit in the vein which began losing blood immediately.  He had Betty hold pressure as he picked up one of the reeds.  He let fluid drain out of it and inserted one end into the opening of the vein.  He then tied the thread loosely around the vein and the tube.  Blood was now running out the end of the tube.  When Betty held pressure against the vein the bleeding stopped.
Daniel was now working hunched over with his leg near Heather’s head.  He used the obsidian scalpel to make a similar slit in Heather’s vein.  He inserted the tube into this opening and tied a thread around it loosely.  When Betty released pressure on his vein some blood began to flow from him to Heather.  He was very uncomfortable hunched over and when he tried to sit the tube kinked.  Daniel resumed his original position but could no longer feel any blood flowing through the tube.  He gently massaged the tube but it seemed to have been damaged.
Betty asked what was wrong and Daniel replied, “We need to change the tube.”  Daniel reversed his initial steps and removed the tube from first Heather’s vein and then his own.  He took the second reed he had prepared and inserted it in his own vein first.  After checking to make sure the blood flowed easily through the tube, he again had Betty hold pressure against the vein.  He inserted the free end into Heather’s vein and again secured it with the thread.  Now when Betty released the pressure he could feel the blood flowing through his vein and the tube into Heather.  He slowly stood up which caused the blood to flow a little faster.
Betty asked, “How long does it take to transfer strength?”
Daniel answered her, “I don’t know.  When it seems like we have transferred enough I will remove the tube and hold pressure until all the bleeding stops.”
Daniel began whistling softly as he stood quietly allowing his strength to drain into Heather.  It did not seem that the transfer was affecting him.  He would check his pulse every few minutes and noticed that it was going up a little but otherwise he wasn’t noticing any change.  He tried to visualize how much blood was coming out of the tube but since he didn’t know how much blood he had in his own body it was a meaningless exercise.  It did seem that Heather’s color was improving.  He carefully stooped down and felt her pulse.  It was definitely stronger.  As Daniel stood up again everything began to rotate around him.  He tried to fight the sense of motion and impending darkness but it was more than he could bear.  He passed out.
Betty began screaming for help which was just outside their tent.  The priest entered first and asked what happened.  Betty said, “The healer stood up and then fell asleep and now this tube is bleeding.”
The priest could see blood draining out of a tube which was still attached to Daniel’s leg.  He asked Betty, “Did the healer tell you what to do?”
Betty was under better control and relatively calmly said, “He had me push against the thing he called a vein to make it stop bleeding.”  She immediately used one of the moist cloths to hold pressure and the bleeding slowed.  She said, “I think the tube should come out.”
“Do you know how to take it out?”
Betty remembered how Daniel had undone the thread and pulled the tube out.  She nodded her head and began trying to untie the thread.  It didn’t seem to want to come off so she just pulled on the tube and it came out of the vein.  The vein was now bleeding again but pushing against the vein made the bleeding stop.
There they sat with the priest holding pressure against Daniel’s leg and Betty holding pressure against Heather’s scalp.  It seemed like everyone was trying to look over their shoulders to see what was going on.  The Betty finally said, “The Princess can’t breathe with everybody in here.”
That was enough of an order that everybody else left the tent.  After about 15 minutes Daniel began groaning and opened his eyes.  It took him a few minutes more to become aware enough to ask what happened.  The priest explained what Betty had seen.  Daniels next question was how Heather was doing.  The priest assured him that she was doing OK.  Daniel began fretting about her scalp wound but when he tried to sit up the world began to move again.  He fought the sensation but to no avail, blackness returned and he fell back to the ground.
When Daniel awoke the second time he was much more cautious.  He lay quietly until his thoughts were organized and carefully rolled over until he could feel Heather’s pulse.  It was strong and regular and her breathing was almost normal.  She was warm with a little fever just as the ancient scroll had predicted.  Betty was still holding pressure against the vein.  He had her release the pressure and some blood began to ooze from the wound.  Daniel propped himself up on his elbows and inspected the wound closer.  He had Betty hand him another piece of thread which he tied around the vein.  This stopped the bleeding completely.  The wound needed to be re-closed, Daniel first cleansed it again with the sacred water.  He began using his needle to again close the wound.  Heather groaned each time the needle penetrated her scalp.  After several stitches were placed Heather awoke and Betty had to hold her arms down.  She was confused but definitely reacting to the pain.
Daniel stopped his suturing and said, “Heather of the Northern Palace you must lay still while I finish sewing.”
Heather was orientated enough to reply, “It feels like you’re sewing my head shut.”
“I am.”
Heather lay quietly while Daniel finished his repair work.  She would wince with every suture but she stayed quiet.  Betty began explaining all that had happened in her simple speech.  Heather tried to follow this story but her mind was still fuzzy and it didn’t make much sense.  Daniel finished his last suture and lay back exhausted from the effort.  He tried to stay awake but he was just so tired that he slipped back to sleep.  Heather was going to be okay.
Betty was repeating the story for the third time before it finally began making sense to Heather.  She was not understanding how Daniel could have transferred his strength to her.  Betty explained again about using the grass tube but Heather held up her hand and said, “That’s enough for now.  I need to rest.”
The night was coming on and Betty covered both of them with their capes.  She then sat in the back of the tent watching over them.  The tent opened and Jeremy stepped in.  It took his eyes a bit to adjust to the dim light.  He could see the two figures lying on the mats and finally recognize Betty sitting in the back.  He whispered to her, “I’ll take the watch for awhile, why don’t you get some food.”
“I’m okay.”
“Betty, I heard what you did.  The Forest Folk consider you a hero but even heroes need to eat.  You need to take care of yourself if you’re going to help Heather.  Go eat.”
Betty left the tent and Jeremy sat in the deepening darkness looking at his friend and the woman he loved.  They both seemed to be sleeping fairly comfortably.  Their breathing was almost synchronized but yet easily told apart.  Daniel had a faint snoring characteristic to his breathing which hadn’t changed since childhood.  Just listening to the sound brought back memories of the many forest adventures they had shared.  Heather’s breathing seemed to match Daniel’s rhythm but had a more musical characteristic to it.  They fit together well.  Tears welled up in his eyes when he considered the possibility of losing his friend.  Silently he said, “I’m not sure what you did but you’d better recover from it.”  He had always taken it upon himself to watch over Daniel even when they were young children.  The elders in the village occasionally complained that he endangered Daniel and himself during their excursions but things always worked out.  They had some great adventures together.  When he thought of Heather, he could not help being a little jealous.  This stranger had come into Daniel’s life and now he had to share Daniel with her.  He knew Heather brought happiness to Daniel’s heart but in his own heart he felt he was losing some of his friend.
Betty soon returned and resumed her watch in the back of the tent.  They both sat silently watching over their friends.  Sleep soon overcame them also.  As daylight was presenting Jeremy awoke, he listened to the regular breathing of Daniel and Heather and slipped out of the tent.  Ben had returned from his mission to the Northern army.  He had arrived in the camp just before moonrise and the start of the attack on the catapult.  He had walked by the sentries and announced himself to the camp proper.  The sudden appearance of the stranger in their midst had caused an uproar which even awoke the King.  Nobody wanted to believe he was an envoy of the Princess until he showed them the locket she’d given him.  He was finally allowed to see the King.
The King received the locket from Ben and kept turning it over in his hands while he listened to Ben’s report.  As soon as Ben finished the King gave the order to prepare for the attack.  While the camp prepared itself for battle, the King asked Ben to stay with them awhile so he could hear more of his daughter.  The camp mobilized quickly but was not yet ready when the valley filled with the light and noise of Daniel’s work.  The advance troops were moving and the battle soon began.  The Northern army was now on more equal footing without the attacks from the defenders catapults.  They pushed hard against the frontline defenses and soon penetrated through the narrow confines of the valley.  The battle raged through the night and the next day before the Southern army began its retreat to the next defense position.
Ben stayed to the rear at the King’s side but was allowed a pretty complete picture of the battle from the reports brought to the King.  Confusion on the enemy’s part was a major advantage to the Northern Kings army.  Losses were heavy on both sides but the Northern army felt the advantage for the first time and pushed hard.  Ben told his story during lulls in the reporting.  The King mostly listened with only an occasional question, absorbing the story.
When the Southern army began retreating to its next defense position, the King told Ben, “Take the report of our success back to my daughter.” He continued, “I would have you take an order back to her telling her to join me here but I know better.  I may be the King but I’ve never been able to command my daughter to do anything.  Negotiated settlements are the best I’ve done.  Take this letter back to her and give her and her companions our prayers and thanks.”
Ben’s return trip was far easier because the Northern army had pushed well into the valley allowing him a much easier ascent into the high country.  Ben had traveled hard for almost 72 hours with almost no sleep.  Jeremy and Elrod decided the King’s letter could wait.  Everyone needed some rest.  Elrod summarized the reports from the scouts, the enemy now had more important things to do than pursue them.  It appeared they would be safe for the time being.  The entire troop had reassembled and several injured needed care.  They did their best until Daniel could recover.  Seven of their companions had died during the attack on the second catapult.  Elrod suggested it would be safe to send a group back to recover the bodies for proper burial.  Jeremy appreciated the idea and asked for volunteers.  A group of 20 was sent out.  Supplies were running very low and many of the remaining able-bodied were sent out on hunting and gathering forays.
Daniel would wake occasionally and check on Heather without sitting up.  She seemed much stronger despite the mild fever.  She also would awaken occasionally but mostly they both slept.  After sleeping for most of 24 hours Daniel awoke and the call of nature was insistent.  Jeremy was sitting in the tent and Daniel said he needed help.   Jeremy offered to get a pot but Daniel looked over at Betty and Heather and refused saying, “I’m fine as long as I don’t stand up.  It would better if you helped me move outside.”
Jeremy simply picked Daniel up and carried him over to the latrine on the edge of camp.  After nature’s call was satisfied Daniel asked to sit by the campfire.  He could sit in a semi reclining position without getting dizzy.  Soup was cooking in a large pot and he was famished.  It wasn’t really cold but he was chilled and wrapped up in both his and Jeremy’s capes.  The soup warmed him and he began asking about the rest of the troop.  Jeremy tried to avoid mentioning the injured but Daniel kept probing until the status of the injured Forest Folk came out.  Daniel insisted that they be brought to him.  He began treating his fellow injured without rising up.  Mostly he told Jeremy what to do.  Some of the suturing he did himself propped up on one elbow.  By the time the injured were treated he was exhausted and had Jeremy carry him back to the tent.  He checked on Heather one last time before falling asleep again.
When Daniel next awoke it was daylight and looked up to see Heather sitting up on some packs with Betty fussing over her.  “Well Heather of the Northern Palace, I see you have awakened.”
Heather responded, “And you, Daniel of Issip, have apparently saved my life a second time.”
“There were many who struggled so you would live.  My heart would not have survived had you not lived.  Your Betty is the real hero.”
“I will hear more about this later but first I need to know how you, Daniel of Issip, are feeling?”
Daniel tried to sit up but the dizziness returned.  He replied, “It would appear that I am still weak but otherwise I am doing well.  Your recovery will speed my own recovery.”
“It appears my foolishness has cost us both dearly and for that I’m sorry.  We have much to discuss but first I need to know if you were successful.”
“Jeremy and I accomplished what you asked of us.”
“And our status now?”
“It appears your Father’s army has given the enemy something else to worry about and they are no longer pursuing us.  If you are strong enough to be worrying, then you are strong enough to be eating something.  The rest of the story can wait.”
Heather insisted on sitting by the campfire.  Betty in turn insisted she stayed so bundled up that she was almost hidden in the capes covering her.  The air had the nip of early winter.  Daniel was amazed how chilled he was despite having two capes on when most of the Forest Folk were apparently comfortable in just their shirtsleeves.  He figured it must have been because of the strength he transferred to Heather, which made it okay.  They slowly ate the marrow soup, which had been prepared just for them, as they listened to the stories.  Heather could not help but smile as Jeremy recounted their attack on the catapult.  He was able to make even the deadly seriousness of war entertaining.  The exploits of Betty the Brave, as she was now known, were even more amazing.  Ben awoke and joined them adding his story to the tales being told.  He handed Heather the letter from the King.
Heather opened the letter with hands which were still not stable.  She read in silence and then summarized for everyone, “My Father sends both his prayers and thanks for our efforts.  As Ben has already told us, they have broken through the valley defense.  He would like us to join him as soon as possible.”
The discussion ensued as to their desire as a group to join with the King.  Those of the forest were adamant that their services were pledged to Heather of the Northern Palace.  They would go where she told them to.  Heather was not certain confining these men to a traditional war would be a moral thing to do.  Jeremy asked Daniel, “What does our healer think about the wounded traveling?”
Daniel replied, “It would be best if travel could be delayed for at least a week and two weeks would be better.”  He added, “Unless Jeremy wants to carry me the whole way.”
The kibitzing continued until Heather asked, “What is the status of our supplies?”
There was a general consensus that the packs were quite light.  As winter forced game down from the high country, hunting should improve.  Nobody was going to get fat but they knew how to survive.  Since they were no longer being chased they could concentrate on hunting and gathering.  The Forest Folk were not concerned about the supplies.
Heather listened to this consensus building before saying, “I’ll send my Father a letter telling him we will not be ready to travel for two weeks.  I would like to offer him the services of some scouts if volunteers are available.”
Ben agreed to return and deliver the letter.  Several others agreed to accompany him and stay on as scouts.  Heather thanked them and said their journey could wait until morning.  She looked over at Daniel and saw that he had slumped from his semi reclining position to a full reclining one.  She announced, “It appears that our healer is telling me that we have been up long enough.  Enjoy the evening and tomorrow will be a new day.”
Daniel awoke when Jeremy picked him up but did not complain when he was carried back to the tent.  Even with both capes on and the heat of the fire he was chilled.  When they were back in the tent, Heather asked Daniel if he was up to talking.  When he replied in the affirmative Heather asked Betty to wait by the campfire so she could talk to Daniel.  Betty giggled and left the tent.  Before she began, Heather made sure that Daniel was well covered and supported by their packs.  She began, “Daniel of Issip, it appears you have now saved my life twice.  We are now joined by your blood.  I would suggest it is time that we be joined in marriage.”
Daniel did not reply and Heather was afraid he had not heard her or worse, he didn’t wish to hear what she had to say.  She was about to repeat herself when Daniel said, “Just the thought of being with you makes my heart soar.  Having you as my wife would be the dream makers wish.  There are two problems which must be overcome before this dream can become real.  I must ask your Father’s blessing before we wed and you must understand that I cannot ever return to the Northern Kingdom.”
“I have been considering the problem of the church’s ruling and if they do not rescind it, I’ll not return either.  Why do you need my Father’s blessing?”
“Marriage is more than the joining of two people.  It is a merging of traditions and kin.  Without your Father’s blessing the marriage would be incomplete and I cannot deprive you of the wholeness you deserve.”
“I can accept your reasoning but how do you plan on obtaining my Father’s permission?”
“Since we cannot go to your Father we’ll ask him to come to us.”
“He is fighting a war.  He won’t come.”
“I think you underestimate your Father’s love.  If he can come, he will.”
“How do I ask him?”
“Tell him the truth, you are recovering from a wound and cannot travel.  Ask if he can take a little time and visit us here.  If circumstances prohibit his travel, we will wait.”
“OK.”
“Now, my love, I must sleep but you have insured my dreams.”
“May I use some of your paper to write the letter?”
“My journal is in the pack.”
Heather moved her mat closer to Daniel’s to help keep him warm.  She began to hum a song from her childhood.  Daniel’s gentle snoring began almost immediately.  She lay there awake composing the letter to her Father and thinking about her future with Daniel.  At the morning light she rose and felt well rested for the first time in a longtime.  She searched for Daniel’s paper and began to write her letter.    She simply told her Father what had happened and asked him to visit if possible.  She signed the letter and carefully folded the paper.  She quietly left the tent and heated her Father’s seal by the campfire.  When the wax softened she used it to seal the folded paper and imprinted it with her ring.
Ben and the other volunteers were preparing to depart.  She handed the letter to Ben and asked him to deliver it to her Father.  He agreed.  Heather asked, “Identify a route passable by horse if you can.  My thanks and prayers go with you.”
Ben simply nodded in the affirmative and continued his preparation.  Heather turned back towards the tent and saw that Betty was waiting for her.  They moved to the edge of camp and completed their morning ritual.  Her strength was definitely improving, but even gentle movements would make her head throb.  When they returned to the tent she was quite tired and content to sit quietly and watch Daniel sleep.  The sounds of cooking made her hungry and she asked Betty to get her something to eat.  While waiting she picked up Daniel’s journal and began carefully turning the pages.  His handwriting was difficult to read but there were occasional drawings.  She recognized the bridge from his sketch.  Most of the sketches were of plant leaves and birds he had seen on his recent travels.  One of the sketches seemed gruesome.  It showed someone who had fallen but above the body, suspended, was another body.  He had drawn an unusual looking cape on the suspended body.  She began turning the pages looking for her name amongst the scribbles.
Betty returned with their breakfast and Daniel awoke when she reentered the tent.  Betty giggled when Daniel said, “Seeing you, makes the day already a good one.”
Heather smiled and asked, “How are you feeling today?”
Daniel replied, “Let me sit up and I’ll tell you.”  Daniel proceeded to push himself into a full upright sitting position and the world began to spin again.  He allowed himself to lie back down and said, “A bit weak yet, but otherwise I’m fine.  How are you doing?
“My head throbs when I move about but I am feeling stronger and my appetite has returned.”
“I would expect the pain will last for some time yet.  You need to listen to your body and not push yourself too much.”  Daniel then asked Betty, “Would you see if Jeremy is around?”
When Jeremy poked his head into the tent Daniel said, “I need to answer natures calling, and I still can’t stand up.”
“Happy to oblige.”  
Jeremy again picked up Daniel and carried him to the latrine.  While there Daniel asked, “If Heather and I were to marry would you be willing to stand up for me?”
“This is more than a hypothetical question, isn’t it?  Of course.  When’s the wedding going to be?”
“Nothing’s certain.  I need to speak to her Father first.”
“Sounds like we have some planning to do.  Does anyone else know?”
“I don’t even know for sure.”
“Have you asked her yet?”
“She brought it up and I agreed that it was a good idea, but there are a couple of problems.  First, I need to speak to her Father and second, I can’t return to the Northern Kingdom.”
“And she’s willing to forsake her homeland?”
“Says she is, but I’m not so sure her Father will agree.”
“Why are you making such big deal out of getting her Father’s permission?”
“Heather deserves to have things done right.  Forsaking her homeland is bad enough, forsaking her family is too much.”
“Should that not be her decision?”
“Maybe, maybe not.  If something were to happen to me, and she had forsaken both her home and her family, what would she have left?”
“Heck, even with you she doesn’t have much, so you’re probably right.  Just think; all of those young maidens back in the forest will be heartbroken when they learn you have wed.  Good thing they still have me.  Of course, this means I’ll be spread a little thin, but I’m sure I’ll rise to the occasion.”
“We must have pity on those poor maidens, mustn’t we.  I think it’s time for some breakfast.  Heather will think you let me fall into the pit.”
“I would never let you fall in.  I may push you, but I’d never let you fall.”
Jeremy carried Daniel to the campfire and set him down next to Heather.  Daniel was able to sit almost straight up without getting dizzy and he was definitely hungry.  First came a bowl of marrow soup followed by a pancake made from the acorns they had gathered from the higher country.  The hot tea made from the local shrub seemed refreshing enough.  Everyone was in high spirits, and Daniel just leaned against Heather for support and enjoyed the companionship.  He saw Jeremy talking to some of the traders who had traveled with them; he figured they were planning something.  He hadn’t realized he had fallen asleep until he awoke when Jeremy picked him up.  He protested but Heather overrode his protest and said he needed to rest.
Daniel rested until lunchtime.  After some more warm soup he asked the other wounded be brought to him.  Most of the wounds were doing fairly well and he cleaned them with the sacred water before again covering them in clean dressings.  The hunter with the fractured leg was still in a lot of pain but at least the wound where the bone had poked through was clean.  He had done a limited bone setting but was not happy with the angle of the bone.  He decided to reset the bone.  Daniel’s supply of poppy extract was getting low.  He gave what he had to the hunter and finished seeing the rest of the wounded while he waited for the extract to work.
Daniel sat to the side and had Elrod support the hunter beneath his arms.  Jeremy was then instructed to gently begin pulling on the injured leg.  The poor hunter began to perspire from the pain and clinched down tightly on the cloth roll he held between his teeth.  Daniel made Jeremy pull ever harder to overcome the muscle spasm which was holding the broken bone askew.  The hunter was now drenched in sweat and a terrible groan of pain was coming forth but they didn’t stop until Daniel felt the bones realign.  At this point the poor hunter had all but passed out from the pain.  The motion of the broken ends of the bone had started the bleeding again.  Daniel held gentle pressure from his semi seated position until the bleeding subsided.  Clean dressings were applied over the herbal balm and Daniel began reattaching the splint to the leg.  When everything was secure the poor hunter was taken back to his tent.  
Jeremy said, “You do some awful things to people.  Watching would have been bad enough but you made me help which was even worse.  I’m glad it wasn’t me.”
Daniel replied, “I do what must be done.  That’s enough for now though, I’d better rest again.
Chapter 10

The next two days Daniel spent sleeping, checking on the other wounded, and most importantly, talking to Heather.  He was able to sit up without getting dizzy but standing was still not possible.  Heather’s strength was doing better but her headaches persisted especially if she tried to push herself.  All in all things weren’t too bad.  Daniel was content to let time work its healing magic, but Heather was getting anxious why hadn’t they heard from her Father?  Maybe Ben had been waylaid or the war was going badly, she didn’t voice her real fear; her Father didn’t want to come.
Word came on the third day that a small party on horseback was headed their way.  Heather wanted to know if it was her Father but the scout could only report that eight men on horseback were headed their way and Ben was guiding them.  They would arrive within two hours.  Daniel tried to quiet Heather’s excitement by reminding her, “Your Father may have sent an envoy.  If the war is not going well he would not have been willing to leave but he would have certainly sent us an envoy.”
“It’s my Father, I’m sure of it.”
There was no containing her enthusiasm.  She started bustling around the camp trying to make sure everything was perfect.  There really wasn’t anything that needed doing but Heather needed something to occupy herself until he arrived.  She asked Elrod to formally greet the King when he arrived and to bring him to her tent.  The planned formal greeting evaporated when Heather heard her Father’s voice.  She ran out of the tent despite Daniel’s admonition to take it easy.  Her Father had no sooner dismounted when Heather threw her arms around him saying, “Father, I knew you would come.”
The King held his daughter tightly and then held her at arm’s-length saying, “My Princess, are you all right?”
“I am recovering, thanks to Daniel.  And you; how are you?”
“Trying to keep up with your Ben has made me feel quite old but otherwise I’m doing well.  The tide of the war has shifted since we broke through the valley.  But enough of that, I need to set these old bones down on something besides a horse.”
“Father, you’re not old, but come and sit by the campfire.  The hunters have been successful and we can share stories while we eat.”
The King had no sooner sat in one of the stick chairs by the fire when he asked where Daniel was.  Heather said, “Daniel insisted that I make sure he would be welcomed in your presence because of the problem he had with the church leaders back home.”
“We are not back home and of course he’s welcome.  Have him join us.  He’s a hero.”
Heather nodded to Jeremy, who left the campfire and soon returned carrying Daniel who he sat in a chair next to Heather.  The King looked at Daniel and asked, “What in the name of sacred water is wrong with you?”
Daniel replied, “Sir, I am a bit weak yet but improving daily.  I hope to be able to walk again in a few days.  It’s good to see you enjoying your health.”
“But what happened to you?”
Heather interjected, “Daniel’s story is tied to my story and his weakness is because he gave me his strength so I could live.  We had divided our troop into three sections.  Jeremy and Daniel, I sent off with his powder to attack the remaining catapult.  The main body was sent to create a diversionary attack and I led the remainder as a decoy party.  We were being chased hard by the Southern army.  I made the mistake of wandering too far from camp and walked into enemy soldiers.  The fight was brief and the next thing I knew I awoke with a terrible headache and Daniel sewing my head together.”
Elrod then interjected, “Sire, when we realized the Princess was missing we mounted a rescue mission.  She was just barely alive when Daniel got here.”
The story went on with many people contributing parts.  The King would interrupt only occasionally to ask questions such as, “Who is ‘The guard whose wife’s name is Martha’?”
Elrod again spoke up, “Sire, the Forest Folk refer to me by that name.  Because you see my wife is named Martha and for some reason Daniel could remember her name and when he sent these hunters to us that’s who they asked for at the Palace.  So now they all call me that.”
“So how did you come to be with these people anyway?  Never mind, I’ll hear about that later.  I still don’t understand why Daniel’s weakness has anything to do with my daughter’s injury.”
The priest spoke up, “Sire, Daniel asked me to search the scrolls in my memory for directions on transferring blood from one person to another.  I could find only one reference because I do not have enough experience yet.  Daniel used this information to transfer his blood to the Princess and now she lives but he is very weak.”
“You gave your blood to my daughter?”  The King’s question went unanswered because Daniel had fallen asleep.
Heather replied, “Yes, Father.  I live because Daniel gave me his strength and now he suffers great weakness.”
“Will he recover?”
“He is getting stronger everyday.”
Jeremy spoke up, “Daniel is much tougher than he looks.  He’ll be okay.”
The feast of fresh venison stew was served.  Daniel awoke and had some more marrow soup along with a small serving of the stew.  The stories continued throughout the meal.  Jeremy’s tale of the great bridge collapsing had everybody spellbound.  As the day receded to night, people would come and go from the campfire.  Ben drew everyone’s attention when he asked, “Sir, why has the Southern Kingdom done this?”
“Nobody knows for certain.  The old Southern King was a gentleman but he died under strange circumstances and his nephew, the present King, took over.  The Southern Kingdom has always had a more centralized government but this new King has concentrated all of the power to himself.  He has had no regard for our treaties and trade agreements much less for the welfare of his people.  I assume that his goal is domination of the entire world, but why I cannot say.”
Daniel asked the King, “Sir, How are your people faring?”
The King replied, “Our kingdom is pretty self reliant with the exception of the sacred water.  People are doing well at the present but the fear of the future is growing.  The soil you had delivered has been distributed but our supply of sacred water is pretty much exhausted.  I’m afraid that even your soil will be long gone by next summer.  If what you have told us is true many babies will be born deformed and die.  We pushed hard to break through the valley to insure a delivery of sacred water but as you know we failed until this time.”
Daniel said, “Winter has begun in the forest.  I’m afraid the trade route to the Northern Kingdom is closed.  It may be possible for a few more weeks to bring sacred water down the Southern trading route.  Would it be possible for your army to secure this side of the great Canyon?”
The King replied, “I have been discussing with my military advisers the wisdom of splitting our attack into two prongs.  The smaller division could attack from the East which would allow them to secure the great Canyon.  But how would you get control of the sacred spring?”
Daniel explained, “We of the forest have always abandoned the sacred spring during the winter.  The ancient volcano it arises from supports no significant life and becomes brutally cold during the winter.  If we were to deprive the guards of the alternate water supply they would be forced to leave within a few days.  Our people could then collect enough sacred water for a small trade party.  With luck they could pass down from the high country before the Southern route becomes impassable.”
The King asked, “Why can’t the Southern army simply drink the sacred water?”
Daniel explained, “The sacred water is much too salty and creates an unquenchable thirst.  Long ago an artificial stream was created by diverting water from near the top of the volcano.  The workers who collect the sacred water are dependent on this stream.  It would be possible to temporarily block this freshwater which would force the guards to leave.”
Heather had been listening and thinking.  She said, “We could move up the canyon and secure the trade route as it crosses the canyon floor.  The traders would be able to move much quicker knowing the route was secure.”
The King responded, “My princess, you have done enough.  It is time you returned to the safety of our palace.”  As soon as he had said the words, the King knew they were not the right things to say.
Heather replied, “Father, I will continue until our babies are safe.”  With that she got up and returned to her tent.
Silence permeated the campfire for several minutes before the King said, “A Father wants to protect his children, is that wrong?  I know my daughter doesn’t want to be protected but I fear greatly for her.”
Daniel spoke up, “Sir, your daughter is a warrior and it can’t be changed.  Her plan seems practical.  We of the forest would support her.”
“I will need to think more on this.”
Daniel waited for a few minutes before saying, “Sir, I would speak with you about another matter?”
“Yes.”
Quietly Daniel said, “I would request your daughter’s hand in marriage.”
The King looked up and realized everyone else had left the campfire.  He asked Daniel, “What does my daughter say to this?”
“It was she who first put words to the idea.  I said we would need your blessing to proceed.”
“Daniel, I and my people owe you a great deal.  The marriage of my daughter to someone from the outside would complicate life, and your problems with the church would mean I’d be essentially losing my daughter and only heir.  If it is her choice, do I really have any say in the matter?  I must think on this.”
“I will leave you to your thoughts.”  Daniel made the sound of an owl and Jeremy appeared shortly after to carry him back to the tent.  As they approach the tent Jeremy tried to pry information from his friend but Daniel remained silent.  Jeremy visited for a short while and then departed leaving Daniel and Heather alone.
Heather asked, “What did my Father say?”
“Not much.”
“Daniel of Issip, he must have said something.”
“Heather of the Northern Palace, I have spoken to your Father but he has requested time to consider my request.  We discussed your plan for securing the trade route but again he would like time to think.  Your Father is a reasonable man.”
“You talked for a long time.”
“We have presented your Father with difficult decisions.  Now we must wait.  And now I must sleep.”
Heather lay awake considering her options and tried to imagine the conversation between her Father and Daniel.  She woke early and quietly left the tent for her morning ritual.  When she returned to the center of the camp, her Father was standing by the campfire.  He greeted her, “Good morning, my Princess, and how are you on this beautiful morning?”
“Good morning, Father, I am doing better each day.  How was your sleep?”
“I slept amazingly well.  It was probably all that exercise trying to keep up with your Ben.  Are you up for a walk before breakfast?”
“I would enjoy a short walk.”
They walked in silence enjoying the crispness of the late fall morning.  The King spoke first saying, “Daniel spoke with me last evening.  Is it your wish to join with Daniel in marriage?”
“It is.”
“You have considered that his problems with the church, means you are accepting banishment from your home?”
“I wish not to leave you and my home but if I must, I will.  The church will probably rescind their judgment anyway.”
“Those church people tend to be a stubborn lot and I would not expect them to change.  My oath requires me to support them and I cannot change my own belief in the sanctity of my oath.  If you marry Daniel, you will be giving up your home and your future throne.  Are you willing to pay the price?”
“I am.”
“Then I will give Daniel my blessing.”
Heather could barely contain her joy and worked hard to stay focused on her Father’s words.  He wanted to know when the wedding would be.  Heather responded, “Now!  I would have the ceremony here in the mountains while you can be with us.”
“You’re stepmother and I had been talking in general terms about the party we would have when you wed.  Those plans don’t seem to make much sense now.  If you would marry now, so be it.”
Heather turned to her Father and wrapped her arms around his neck hugging him for all she was worth.  They finished their walk returning to the campfire.  Heather excused herself and almost ran back to her tent.  Betty was helping Daniel prepare for the day.  Heather began explaining what had occurred and Betty began to squeal with delight.  Daniel seem to have trouble following what was going on until Heather said, “We’re going to get married today!”
“But what if I cannot stand yet?”
“Then I will marry you sitting down!”
“I had better speak to Jeremy and the priest about our plans.  Who will you have stand up as your wedding maid?”
“Betty, of course.  You’ll have Jeremy stand up as your groomsman?”
They continued planning their simple ceremony and the whole time Betty giggled and squealed with delight.  By the time they had joined their comrades for breakfast everyone already knew their plans.  It seemed as if everyone else had already been planning the wedding.  Plans were made for an afternoon ceremony.  The priest was giving orders as to how he wanted his outdoor chapel laid out.  Daniel let the commotion swirl around him and just enjoyed the thought of spending his life with Heather.  A little before noon a small caravan arrived carrying casks of wine and foods.  Daniel recognized the men as the traders who had carried his powder on their journey.  He looked at Jeremy who was gleaming with excitement.
Jeremy explained, “I figured we were going to have a celebration, so I sent our traders out for supplies.”
Daniel asked, “What did they trade and where did they trade?”
One of the traders responded, “There are small villages scattered along the valley floor.  They were happy to trade for some of our sacred water.  Their lives have been rough because the Southern army keeps confiscating the supplies they need to survive.  Being paid for supplies was a welcome change.  Seems Sacred water is in short supply and they gave us top value for our supply.”
The King spoke up, “The Southern army certainly knows you’re here so I suppose trading for supplies doesn’t really change the security situation.  I only wish I could have brought more to the party.”
Heather responded, “Father, your presence here is gift enough.”
“Tomorrow I must return to my own camp but today we will celebrate.  When we have won this war, we will have a real wedding celebration even if it has to be beyond our kingdom’s borders.”
Daniel changed the course of the conversation by asking, “Why would the sacred water be in short supply?  The Southern kingdom has confiscated the entire production from the spring all summer long.  It must be doing something with the sacred water.”
Heather interrupted his line of thought saying, “Daniel of Issip, today we marry, tomorrow we worry.”
The King chimed in, “Daniel, my son to be, we need to speak more on this but it can wait.  You have chosen to marry my daughter and now you must learn the art of marriage which will require you to merge your independence with hers and forge a strong union of the two.  Unfortunately this means you need to learn which areas of life each of you will take primary responsibility for.  I can assure you that for the wedding ceremony you are better off letting your future wife assume command.”
Daniel smiled and responded, “I expect much of my life’s decisions will now be directed by your daughter.”
The King laughed heartily saying, “It is your choice to marry, but from my experience raising her I expect you are right.”
The priest finally had his outdoor chapel arranged to his liking.  The late autumn day was clear but cool with the gentle wind from the north.  The chapel was situated a little way from the camp overlooking the valley below them.  It was defined by poles stuck into the ground supporting small ribbons of cloth which fluttered in the breeze.  A rock had been positioned with a hollow surface facing up to hold the sacred water for the blessing.
Heather and Betty had retreated to the tent to prepare themselves for the ceremony.  Excited conversation mixed with giggling emanated from the tent.  Daniel sat by the campfire enjoying the companionship of his friends and tolerating their ongoing banter.  Jeremy as always entertained everyone with his stories.  The smells of the feast cooking included the smell of real bread being baked in an improvised stone oven.  It had been a longtime since fresh bread was part of their diet.  Jeremy said, “Daniel, you should get married more often just so we would have a reason to feast.”
“I’m not sure Heather of the Northern Palace would agree with you.  I think once will be often enough.  Our next party should be your wedding feast.”
Laughing Jeremy said, “I would hope we do not need to wait that long to celebrate again.  Let us hope that we’ll soon have a victory celebration.”
Jeremy helped Daniel wash and dress for the ceremony.  Daniel insisted on practicing walking and standing for the ceremony.  By leaning on Jeremy he was able to walk a few steps and stand by himself if he concentrated on tensing his abdominal muscles.  By forcing as much of his dilute blood up towards his head he was able to control the dizziness.  The effort made him perspire but he was able to do it.
The drumroll signaled the start of the ceremony.  Daniel had no idea where they had found hollow logs for the drums.  He was concentrating on trying to make his tattered clothes look presentable.  They could hear the drone of the priest as he began the ceremony.  Jeremy carried him to the side of the makeshift chapel.  He could see Betty and Heather on the other side.  It seemed the priest was going on for a longtime before the wood flutes began their siren call.  Daniel carefully stood up accepting Jeremy’s help automatically.  They began walking towards the chapel where they would meet Heather who was entering from the opposite side.  Daniel concentrated on each step making sure he kept his blood pressure up.  When he finally looked up, Heather stood before him.  She was more beautiful than he had ever seen her before.  She was wearing a necklace of elaborate beadwork.  Her now very short blond hair was crowned in golden leaves and red berries.  They stood facing each other as the priest continued his litany.  Daniel forced himself to concentrate on keeping his abdomen tense and his breathing under control.  He heard in the distance the priest asking who gave the blessing for this marriage.
The King stepped forward and answered, “As Heather’s father, I give my blessing for this marriage.”
The priest then asked, “Daniel of Issip, do you accept this woman, Heather of the Northern Palace, to be your wife?”
“I accept Heather of the Northern Palace, to be my wife and pledge to her my faithfulness and love.”
The priest asked Heather, “Heather of the Northern Palace, do you accept this man, Daniel of Issip, to be your husband?”
“I accept Daniel of Issip, to be my husband and pledge to him my faithfulness and love.”
The priests now had them stand together facing their assembled friends.  With Jeremy holding him on one side and Heather on the other side, Daniel relaxed.  Unfortunately, he felt the dizziness and blackness began to take hold.  He concentrated on squeezing as hard as he could.  He was now sweating profusely but he did not blackout.  The priest seemed to go on forever.  Jeremy and Heather worked together to turn him back towards the priest for the final blessing.  Daniel really didn’t hear any of it.  He was on the verge of blacking out and it took all of his effort to fight the blackness.  He was aware that everyone started cheering.  He turned and kissed Heather.  It must have been quite a kiss because that is the last thing he remembered as he blacked out.
Daniel woke sitting in the sloped chair they had built for him next to the campfire.  It took a few minutes to become fully aware of the party going on around him.  Heather was sitting next to him holding his hand.  He squeezed hers; just let her know he was awake again.  Jeremy was standing and telling one of his many stories about their previous exploits.  Daniel was content to hold Heather’s hand and let the party continue.  When Heather leaned over to tell Daniel how happy she was everyone else realized he was now awake.  The bantering now began in earnest.  Short poems about the kiss that undid the healer from the forest were recited by several of the group.
Daniel’s strength returned enough that he asked to be heard.  He said, “I would toast my bride if I only had something to toast with.”  He was quickly provided a cup of wine and everyone else prepared for the first toast.  Daniel continued, “A toast, to Heather of the Northern Palace, my wife, a woman of unmatched beauty, and a true warrior.”
Cheers went up and Heather stood to be recognized.  She said, “A toast, to Daniel of Issip, my husband and a true healer.”
It was now the King’s turn.  He stood and said, “A toast, to my children, Daniel and Heather.  May they live long, prosper, and provide me with many grandchildren.”
When Jeremy stood Daniel knew he was in trouble.  Jeremy began his toast by saying, “Sir, if you would hope for grandchildren then we must hope that Daniel learns to stay awake for more than a kiss.”  After the laughter had settled down he continued, “A toast, to Daniel, the best of friends and his new wife; may they enjoy life together as a part of us.”
The toasting continued but their limited supply of wine required careful husbandry of the few remaining drops.  Finally Daniel said, “If you would wish me to regain my strength, it would be best if the toasting ended and eating began.”
The first course was a venison soup served in newly carved wooden bowls.  The soup had been flavored with small peppercorns the traders had purchased.  It was a flavor not unknown to both those of the forest and those of the Northern Kingdom but it was the essence of the Southern Kingdom food spices.  Whereas those of the forest would use the spice very sparingly to provide just a hint of flavor, most of the dishes from the Southern Kingdom were heavily laden with the spice.  It was a delightful soup eagerly enjoyed by everyone.  The serving of fresh bread with the soup filled their senses with a contrast of flavors and textures.  It was the beginning of a humble but fitting wedding feast.
As he was finishing his soup Daniel asked Heather about the necklace of beadwork she was wearing.  At the mention of the necklace the King’s interest was also drawn to Heather.  Heather fingered the smooth beads as she explained, “It is a gift from the Queen that Betty carried.  I’m not sure why she sent it, but it surely is beautiful.”
The King interjected, “I know that necklace, it was your great-grandmother’s.  She would be happy to know you are able to wear it for your wedding.  How was the gift sent?”
Heather turned towards Betty for an explanation.  Betty explained, “The Queen gave me a small box and asked me to take it with.  I had Elrod carry it for me.  My pack was too small.  The Queen thought the princess would need it.  Did I do wrong?”
Heather smiled at Betty and said, “No, you didn’t do wrong.  I’m glad you brought the present.”  Heather asked her father, “Where did your grandmother get this necklace?”
“When the revolt for separation was won and we of the North established our own kingdom again, an envoy from the forest brought the gift.  I was told it had symbolic meaning and my grandmother wore it for celebrations.  I’m glad it is yours now.”
The priest spoke up saying, “The modern scrolls talk about the necklace.  It is written that the beads are from before our peoples moved to these lands.  It was a great gift.”
Heather sat fingering the polished beads wondering what the priest meant.  She asked, “What do you mean they are from before?  Where else could they be from?”
It was Daniel’s turn to refocus the conversation by saying, “Heather of the Northern Palace, today we wed, tomorrow we wonder!”
Everyone’s attention was now given to the next course; slow roasted venison with root vegetables served with a type of orange squash.  Again it was flavored with the peppercorns and salt.  The King commented, “The food is delicious but why so spicy?”
Jeremy responded, “Sir, this is a celebration to be remembered.  Every time anyone of us tastes the peppercorns of the Southern Kingdom we will remember this wedding feast.  It may be a humble feast but we mean for everyone to remember it.”
The King mopped his brow saying, “There is enough heat in your spices to last me for a full year.  I’ll remember this celebration well enough.”
Daniel surprised himself a bit with the amount of food he was able to eat.  His strength was definitely improving.  He whispered to Heather, “It would seem that marrying you has improved my appetite.”
Heather whispered back, “Good, because you’re going to need your strength later.”
Jeremy noticed their whispering and asked, “My friends, what are you talking about?”
Daniels only response was to feel his face blush which he figured was a good sign.  If he had enough blood to blush he was definitely getting better.  Betty giggled and Heather changed the subject by asking, “What are we eating next?”
The next dish was a salad made of small green leaves flavored with some vinegar and the oil of the olive.  Daniel asked where the fresh greens were from.  One of the traders explained that in the valley floor they were able to grow a fall crop of greens before the hard freezes took hold.  The leaves were smaller than a fingernail with only a slight hint of bitterness.  Daniel had thought he was pretty full but the light flavor of the salad was enough to allow him to eat his entire share.  His grandfather had believed in the healing power of fresh green growth.  Thinking of his grandfather caused him to reflect more on this fine old man who had given him so much.  When Heather asked him where he was, Daniel responded, “I was thinking of my grandfather and missing him sorely.  He would have enjoyed this celebration.”
Heather squeezed his hand and said, “I would hear more of your grandfather.  I too am missing my mother, she would have rejoiced in our marriage.”
Their thoughts were brought back to the present by a gentle drumroll.  The quiet slow beating of the logs became a summons which produced the final course.  With elaborate fanfare the wedding cake was brought forth.  The mood created by the simple music made the cake more impressive than the reality.  Several small loaves had been baked and then stacked together.  Honey gathered from a bee tree had then been drizzled over the cake.  Many small beeswax candles had been placed in the traditional diamond shape.  The glowing cake was presented to Daniel and Heather.  Together they cut the first piece of cake and presented it to Heather’s Father as was customary as he had given the blessing for the wedding.  After the King had tasted the cake he pronounced it good to eat and a cheer arose from those assembled.  A second piece of cake was cut and shared by the new bride and groom.  A second cheer arose.  Small pieces of the cake were distributed to everyone.  It tasted more like sweeten bread than a real cake but to Daniel it was the finest cake he had ever tasted.
Daniel announced, “I would dance with my bride.”  At this command the drums began to beat out the harmony of the traditional wedding dance.  The hand carved wood flutes joined in creating a simple but powerful musical sound.  Heather looked at Daniel as if to say that he didn’t need to do this but Daniel just smiled back.  He looked at Jeremy who came and helped him stand.  Heather arose and when Daniel bowed to her she returned his bow.  With Jeremy helping to hold him up he took Heather in his arms and began to move slowly to the music.  Their dance was slow and somewhat awkward with Jeremy holding Daniel up from behind, but it was their wedding dance.  Daniel concentrated hard on fighting the dizziness and enjoyed the moment to its fullest.  The effort was becoming overwhelming and he squeezed Heather to let her know that he needed to stop.  They stepped apart and with Jeremy’s help he again bowed to his bride who returned the bow.  A loud cheer went up as they returned to their seats.
The call went out for a Father daughter dance.  The beat of the music increased as the King arose and bowed towards Heather.  She arose and returned his bow.  Their dance floor was the soil and their lighting was a simple campfire but their dance was elegant.  As they danced slowly around the campfire the King said, “These people of the forest think highly of you.”
“And I of them.”
“It is hard for a Father to give his daughter in marriage.  I feel good about the man you have chosen.  I will miss you terribly but I also wish you all of the happiness in the world.”
“I too will miss you Father, but my destiny is with Daniel.”
“I know.  Things will work out, they always do.  Now return to your husband and let the party continue.”  The King escorted his daughter back to Daniel and bowed handing her to him.  With tears in his eyes he returned to his own seat as the music continued.
Jeremy arose and bowed to both Heather and Daniel and asked permission to dance with the bride.  Daniel nodded his assent and Heather arose accepting Jeremy’s hand.  The music responded with a stronger faster beat and Jeremy guided Heather around the campfire.  Jeremy said, “I wish you and Daniel well.  He needs a bit of taking care of, but he is definitely worth it.  He has been like a brother to me, maybe even more than that a true friend.  I’m entrusting you to continue caring for him.”
Heather was slightly out of breath from the vigorous dance when she responded, “If Daniel was like your brother then I would be now be your sister-in-law and I would expect that you would continue to care for both of us.  You will always be welcome in our home.  I would not take Daniel from you but rather share our togetherness with you.”
Jeremy returned Heather to Daniel and then turned to Betty asking, “May I share the wedding dance with you?”
Giggling, Betty arose and returned his bow.  The tall Jeremy made Betty seem even smaller and at times he lifted her way off the ground during his turns.  Ben approached Heather, bowed and asked her to dance.  He had made it only partway around the campfire before his dance was interrupted by another one of the forest.  Daniel was content to sit and watch the festivities.  His revelry was interrupted when Betty bowed before him and asked for a dance.  He turned up his hands as to say that he wasn’t able but Jeremy stepped up and lifted him to his feet.  With Jeremy supporting him from behind; he danced once around the fire with Betty.  When they finished a round of applause greeted them.  Heather was kept busy dancing with each of the men from the forest.  People came and went to maintain their security but everyone was allowed to share in the festivities.
When Heather was finally allowed to sit, her cheeks glowed in the firelight from the exertion of the dance.  Now it was time for the stories.  Jeremy asked Daniel to tell how he met Heather.  Daniel started to explain in medical terms how he had been asked to evaluate someone ill at the Palace.  The King interrupted him and gave his version of first meeting Daniel.  He told the group about how sick his daughter was and how his wife had insisted they obtain the opinion of this stranger from the Forest.  There was no use arguing so he consented despite the objections of his own physicians.  This stranger then tells him that he would cut his daughter open but his own physicians tell him she would die if an operation was performed.  How was a Father to decide?  His daughter was getting progressively weaker and nearer death.  This young man with his funny clothes and strange way of talking insisted that his daughter would die if he did not operate.  The King continued, “There was something about Daniel that made me trust him.  I consented to the surgery and my choice was obviously correct.”
Heather continued the story, “I had been ill for some time and in great pain.  When I awoke someone was holding my hand.  When I asked why he was holding my hand he tried to explain that he was taking my pulse but I knew he was actually holding my hand.”
Jeremy said, “That would be our Daniel, never missing the opportunity to hold a pretty girl’s hand.”  He asked, “Can you tell us about how he destroyed the school building?”
Daniel sat and quietly observed his friends while the stories went on.  When Betty told of his rescue his interest picked up.  He never really heard how the rescue was organized.  Betty really was a hero.  About the time Jeremy got to his portion of the rescue and the famous bear scene he had had enough.  He said, “I’m afraid if I have to listen to this story again, I will perish from boredom.  I think it is time Heather and I depart.”
Jeremy looked shocked and said, “There is something else you would rather be doing than listening to my stories?”
After the laughter had settled down Daniel said, “Yes.”
As the bantering continued Heather and Betty quietly withdrew to the new tent which had been erected on the edge of the camp.  After their preparations were complete Betty returned to the campfire.  After she sat down next to Daniel, he said, “Jeremy either you help me to my tent or I will crawl there just to get away from your stories.”
Jeremy looked deeply wounded and said, “How is it that my dear friend can wound me so?”  He did help Daniel to his feet and supported him as they walked to the tent.  At the door of the tent he asked, “Are you going to need my help for anything else tonight?”
Daniel assured him that he was perfectly capable of managing on his own.  As Jeremy was leaving, Daniel opened the tent flap and crawled inside.  He was greeted by his bride who was seated on the sleeping mat with her face aglow from the light of the candle.  Daniel said, “I had imagined that on my wedding night I would have carried my bride over the threshold, instead I must crawl to meet her.”
Heather responded, “Well, Daniel of Issip, I had envisioned myself sitting combing my long hair that I had just let down for you my husband.  Now, I sit before you with almost no hair.  But we are together, just as I had dreamed we would someday be.”
Daniel sat on the mat facing Heather; he reached up and lightly touched her glowing cheeks.  Her eyes were filled with happiness and a little anxiety.  Daniel noticed a tear forming in the corner of her eyes and gently blotted it with his fingers.  He knew the tears were not of sorrow.  He leaned forward and gently kissed both eyes.  Without saying anything else he turned and blew out the candle.

Chapter 11

Daniel and Heather arrived for breakfast after most everyone else had eaten.  The mood was a bit more subdued but everyone still seemed upbeat.  The King sat with Heather and Daniel as they ate.  When they finished eating Heather said, “I would speak with my Father.”
Everyone began leaving the campfire even Daniel but Heather asked he and Jeremy to stay.  Heather now began to discuss military strategy with her Father.  The shy young woman from last night had been transformed into a forceful military strategist.  She and her Father debated the proposed attack as equals.  It was decided to split the northern army only after they had pushed across the valley and gained access to the plains south of the great valley.  A small division would then push easterly to secure the trade route from the forest.  From this vantage point they would march to the walled city of the Southern Kingdom.  This division would be designed to move rapidly expecting only light opposition.  The main force would continue the frontal assault moving directly to the city.  The major resistance was expected along this line of attack.
Heather’s plan was to begin the movement up the valley by sending out multiple scouting parties.  Two scouts would be sent back to the forest requesting the assistance of the forest people in securing an emergency supply of the sacred water.  They would travel their leapfrog way to speed the journey.  Jeremy volunteered but Heather requested he seek other volunteers so that his services could be kept with them.  Daniel expressed his concern about his inability to keep up.  Heather replied, “We are planning a three-week period before my Father’s division reaches the upper end of the trade route.  Most of the work will be done by our scouting parties.  We will not move from this campsite for two weeks and then we’ll move at your speed.  I would expect that with proper scouting we will be able to move at least as fast as my Father’s division.  And you, my husband, will be allowed to ride our only horse.”
“I have never ridden a horse.”
The King chimed in, “Sounds like you’re about to learn.”
The discussion moved on to the issue of supplies.  Heather was confident that the hunters would be able to keep them reasonably supplied with food.  The cold weather was an issue and additional blankets and clothes would be welcomed.  The King responded that their supplies were very adequate and they would provide additional blankets and tents for them.  Clothes would be more difficult but they would try.  The Forest Folk tended to be taller and thinner than those of the Northern Kingdom.  The discussion turned to the final assault of the walled city.  Heather could see no significant role for her hunters from the forest.  A traditional siege just didn’t require their skills.  They decided that after the trading party was safely guided to the Kings camp those of the forest would be allowed to return to their homes.  Heather and Daniel would join directly with the King’s army along with those from the forest who decided to stay on.
The King suggested that Ben be assigned the role of envoy between their camps.  Heather agreed that it would be a good choice and said she would ask Ben to accept the position.  The King pointed out their differences in leadership saying, “You ask people and they respond to you.  I order people and they respond to me, but we both get the job done.”
Daniel said, “When your daughter asks, saying no just isn’t possible.”
The King responded, “She’s been like that since she was a young child.  I’m sure you are used to it by now.”
“I have been married but a day, but I am already fairly well-trained.”
Heather objected, “Now you two just stop it, you’re making me sound like a tyrant.”
Daniel squeezed her hand and said, “But a most beautiful one.”
It came time for the King to depart and Daniel watched his wife change again from the warrior back to the young woman whose eyes filled with tears as her Father rode off.  Daniel stood next to her each providing the other support.  They had a quiet day but by nightfall Heather was again in charge.  She said, “We should have a meeting.”
Those not out hunting or on scouting missions were soon assembled.  Heather began their version of the council by outlining the battle plan she and her Father had agreed upon.  It would be their responsibility to secure the trade route from the forest to the Southern Kingdom.  Her Father’s army would send a division to secure the upper reaches of the trail as it ascended to the plains of the Southern Kingdom.  Heather outlined her plan of initial far ranging scouting efforts followed by concentrated surprise attacks on the Southern army outpost.  The need for the sacred water was discussed and she asked for two volunteers to carry the request back to the Forest Council.  Ben volunteered but Heather asked him if he instead would accept the position of envoy to her Father’s army.  His acceptance was automatic.  Other volunteers stepped forward.  There was a lengthy discussion about whether their small army should disband.  Heather was of the opinion that most of those of the forest should return to their homes to support their families during the hard times.  The decision of the hunters was to stay with Heather until the job was done.  Their loyalty and dedication brought tears to her eyes.  She accepted their decision but added that anyone who felt the need to return home would be free to do so.
Daniel began to compose the letter of request from Heather to the Forest Council; he added a request of his own for the remnants of his powder making supplies.  He made two copies, one for each messenger.  The trip would be dangerous because of the early winter conditions as well as the chance of discovery by enemy troops.  Scouting parties of two scouts each were sent out to cover the valley floor up to the great bridge and the trade route.  Soon the camp seemed almost deserted.  They were well-stocked with provisions and firewood.  It became almost a pleasant interlude for Daniel and Heather.  Daniel’s strength was increasing more rapidly and he was able to take short walks after another day of rest.
They were newlyweds but much of their talk was not about the future of their lives together but rather of the problems of the present.  Heather resumed her practice of the sword.  Daniel was content to be an observer; he had no desire to learn the skills of warfare.  When he was able to walk a reasonable distance, Heather decided it was time for his riding lessons.  Daniel accepted help in mounting the horse which seemed much larger from a top than from the ground.  His first lesson was simply being led around in a circle.  His anxiety was so high that he was exhausted after just a few minutes.  He decided to adjust their approach.  He started spending time just talking to the horse.  He would feed it small bunches of grass and touch it.  He learned how to feel the horse’s muscles and massaged areas that were tender.  The horse accepted his touch and Daniel soon lost his fear of the animal.  His next lesson went much smoother.  He had a pretty good idea of what the horse was feeling now he just needed to learn how to control his inputs to the horse.
Daniel’s success with his riding allowed them to begin moving up the great gorge a few days ahead of schedule.  The reports from the King’s army were encouraging.  They had crossed the river successfully and were pushing across the valley floor.  The Southern army was resisting but not with the intensity they expected.  The King had asked for scouting reports along their flanks.  Several of the scouts were diverted to providing this long-range information back to Ben and the King.  Their own scouts had reported only minimal Southern army presence in the valley.  Only the crossing of the trade route was heavily guarded.
Heather reassembled the hunters into a tighter group as they moved up the valley.  They used surprise to overwhelm the small enemy encampments they came upon.  The Southern soldiers were offered either imprisonment or the opportunity to sign a pledge of nonaggression and return to their homes.  They all chose to return to their homes.  Daniel’s concern about the shortage of sacred water persisted; even the soldiers were without adequate supplies.  Jeremy finally suggested that they just ask the locals about the problem.  When Daniel told Heather that he and Jeremy were going to visit the nearby village to find out why there was no sacred water she responded, “Not without me.”
The three somewhat bedraggled travelers appeared at the only Inn in the small village at dusk.  There were hunters scattered around the village but they remained hidden.  The travelers waited in the shadows until the last of the locals had left.  Jeremy opened the door to the Inn and they entered a rather shabby establishment.  The three sat at one of the few tables along the wall.  The innkeeper approached them warily and asked what they wanted.  Jeremy replied, “We are hungry and thirsty.  We have no Southern Kingdom money but we do have a vial of sacred water from the forest we would trade.”
“I could get in trouble for helping you.  You are of the forest, not of our Kingdom.”
“We mean to cause no trouble.  These are hard times in the forest because of the war.  We would trade what we have for food and drink.  If you do not need what we have then we have nothing else to trade.”
The innkeeper said, “Let me see the vial.”
Daniel took out a small vial of the sacred water.  He carefully opened it and dripped a single drop onto the shopkeeper’s finger.  The shopkeeper tasted the salty bitter fluid and asked to examine the vial.  It was an honest vial and the fluid tasted normal.  He said, “My wife is with child and we need the sacred water.  I’ll take the chance.”
Large bowls of stew were served along with mugs of the local brew.  The young lady who brought the food was obviously pregnant but did not look well.  Her eyelids were heavy and there was a puffiness about her face.  As she set the bowls down, Daniel noticed that even her hands were somewhat swollen.  He could not help himself from asking, “Have you been taking your sacred water?”
“No sir, we’ve not had any.”
After the server had left Heather asked, “Is she going to be okay?”
Daniel ate a few bites of his stew before answering, “She will recover but I’m afraid her baby has suffered greatly.  Why aren’t they getting the sacred water?”
Jeremy asked Daniel if he had more of the small vials.  Daniel reached into his small pack and brought out one more vial.  Jeremy took the small finger sized vial and walked over to where the innkeeper was working.  He held the vial up and said, “We have but one remaining vial but my friend over there is very concerned about your wife.  We would trade this vial to help your wife.”
The innkeeper asked, “What would you trade it for?”
“Some conversation.”
The innkeeper stared at the vial that Jeremy was holding and after a moment said, “I suppose I’m already in trouble so I might as well take the chance.”
The innkeeper followed Jeremy back to the table and pulled up another heavy wooden chair.  Daniel asked him, “How long has your wife been without the sacred water?”
The innkeeper shrugged his shoulders and said, “The price has been going up for over a year because our kingdom has not been allowed our full share.  Since the war started it hasn’t been available at any price.”
Daniel protested, “But the Southern army has seized the entire production of the sacred water!”
“I only know that the traders coming from the city are unable to get any sacred water to trade with us.  I have heard the trade caravans from the forest have continued even after our great bridge was destroyed, but we thought you of the forest had damaged the sacred spring.”
Daniel’s anger flared and spoke up, “Are they hoarding the sacred water?  You and your family need it to survive, why are they doing this?”
The innkeeper said with much less conviction, “It is because of the war you started when you destroyed our trading bridge.”
Heather responded, “The bridge was destroyed because the Southern army had used it to invade the forest and seize the sacred spring.  They denied the sacred water not only to those of the forest but also to those of the Northern Kingdom.  This war was started by your king.  I would like to know why?”
The innkeeper replied, “I have told you what I know.  I suspect that we’ve not been told everything.  Things have not been right since King Adam died.  His nephew, our new King Alvin, well some say he’s not quite right in the head.  All I know is our taxes are much higher and we can no longer get the sacred water we need.”
Daniel asked, “May I examine your wife?”
The innkeeper looked puzzled until Jeremy explained, “Daniel is a healer.  He will not harm her.”
The innkeeper called for his wife who joined them.  Daniel had already seen the skin and facial signs of someone suffering from a shortage of the sacred water.  He gently felt the front of her neck and the firm swelling below the voice box confirmed his fears.  He asked her, “Is your baby real active?”
She responded, “No, it’s a very quiet baby.”
Daniel placed his hand on her pregnant abdomen and felt for movements of the baby.  The child within was very quiet with only an occasional kick to signify its presence.  Daniel said, “You must take one drop of the sacred water each day until the baby is born and then you need at least one drop per week.”
“Is my baby okay?”
Daniel was quiet for a moment before responding softly, “I’m not sure.  It depends on how long you have been without sacred water.”
“Tears filled the young woman’s eyes as she asked, “It’ll be okay won’t it?”
Daniel rested his hand on her shoulder and said, “You’ll be fine now because you have some sacred water.”
The innkeeper answered more of Heather’s questions but Daniel was no longer actively involved in the conversation.  When they left the Inn Heather asked, “Daniel of Issip, why are you so quiet?”
“He’s killing his own people’s babies.  Why?  We have to get these people some sacred water!”
Now it was Heather’s turn to be quiet.  They were walking in the darkness away from the small village.  The scouts who had been guarding joined them and brought Daniels horse for the return trip.  They were almost back to their own camp when Heather said, “They must have a transfer point somewhere, probably on the southern rim of the gorge.  We will mount an attack there and capture any sacred water which may be in storage for distribution to the people.”
Jeremy spoke up, “We have not scouted the top of the rim.  The furthest scouts reported a small caravan in transit from the Forest but it may already have reached the rim.”
Daniel asked, “When do we leave?”
“Tonight.  Surprise will again be our weapon.  We will travel at night and push hard.”
“I had better stay behind.  The short walk to the village and back to my horse was exhausting.  You had better go on without me.”
Heather simply said, “Jeremy?”
Jeremy replied, “We are well rested.  If we take care to conceal the horse during daylight I think we can take our friend with us.  We will need to lead his horse and at times we may need to carry him but we can most certainly keep him with us.”
Their camp was soon broken down and the entire troop on the move.  Daniel sat comfortably on the horse responding to the horse’s movements.  By concentrating on the movement and tensing of the horse’s musculature he was able to anticipate the animal’s movement.  He was not an expert horseman but at least he was now comfortable setting atop the beast.  They traveled hard and at times Betty rode behind Daniel so the troop could travel faster.  The much longer nights allowed them more time before they were forced to stop and make camp.  They were not as concerned about their trail as they were hiding from those ahead.  Daniel had spent his time thinking about the shortage of sacred water.  He had no doubt that the sacred water was being hoarded but the question he kept asking himself was why.
Heather was tired, even before her injury she would’ve had trouble maintaining the pace but she wasn’t yet fully recovered.  She crawled into their sleeping tent and tried to fall asleep but Daniel wanted to talk of the shortage of sacred water.  His many questions about the military strategies which would involve hoarding the sacred water were more than Heather could deal with.  She finally said, “Daniel of Issip, I must sleep.  Your questions and worries must wait.”
Daniel lay next to his new wife and pondered his questions for only a short while before sleep overtook him.  They were awakened by the general activity in the camp and realized they had slept through the day.  The sun was low on the horizon when they joined the troops for a meal.  The scouts reported minimal signs of human activity over the next section of their journey.  They had ascended high enough in the valley that agriculture was no longer practical.  The high desert climate resulted in warm days but as the sun set the cold winter temperatures returned and everyone was happy to be on the move again.  Daniel was now comfortable enough on the horse that he could spend his time thinking.  He was now automatically responding to the horse’s subtle movements.
His thoughts kept returning to the young woman and her pleas for a healthy baby.  Why would any ruler want to so weaken his own people?  Try as he might he could not answer his own question.  Heather would walk alongside him maintaining their silence.   During their short rest periods they would discuss the scouting reports.  If they maintained their present pace they would camp a few hours from the Southern army outpost.  It seemed the sentries of the outpost were most concerned with attacks along the trade route from the forest.  There were only minimal sentries posted along their route.  When camp was made everyone was tired and Daniel was content to let his question lie unanswered as he fell asleep next to his bride.  When Daniel awoke, the sun was again low in the sky but he could make out the outline of trees across the valley.  The sight of real trees made him long for his own village.  Their meal became a planning session for the proposed attack.  The scouting reports described a difficult target.  The camp occupied the high ground with a commanding view of the trading trail.  The camp appeared to contain about 100 soldiers and many civilians.  There was a small catapult positioned to protect the trail.
Heather asked questions about cover for a small troop ascending the trail.  The scouts reported an area of adequate cover about three arrow shots below the rim where the Southern army camp was.  Heather began to formulate a plan.  She asked how hard it would be to position twenty or so of their hunters in the area of heavy cover without detection.  The scouts thought it would be relatively simple.  She then wanted to know about the access to the rear of the camp.  The scouts reported a difficult climb was required to reach the high ground behind the encampment.  There were few sentries to the rear and they should be able to approach the camp during darkness without too much trouble.  If things did not go well there was no significant retreat except onto the plains of the Southern Kingdom.
Heather explained her plans, “We will create a diversionary attack along the trade route as the Southern army expects.  The major force will climb and attack from the rear.  Disabling the catapult will be the primary mission of the main force to protect those creating the diversionary attack.  The attack will begin at the first sun showing.”
She then asked for volunteers to create the diversionary attack.  Twenty of the hunters were selected.  Scouts were sent ahead to prepare the way.  Only after they had finished their meal and prepared to depart did Daniel ask, “And what of me?”
Heather responded, “You, Daniel of Issip, and the traders will continue up the valley with our heavy packs.  You must travel slowly and not arrive until after midmorning.”
“I would travel with you but I am unable so I accept the task you assign.  You must protect the sacred water.”
The two war parties moved off leaving Daniel, Betty, the priest and a dozen traders to break camp.  His horse was now a pack animal.  The other parties were traveling very light which meant they were traveling very heavily.  Daniel tried carrying a pack but his strength had not yet returned sufficiently.  They added his pack to the load the horse was carrying with Daniel apologizing to the horse, “You must carry my load also, but we will go slowly and rest often.”
Jeremy led Heather and her troops to a section of the Southern canyon wall which had been eroded by a small stream.  They began ascending the canyon wall which required ropes and team effort to ascend.  In some ways the darkness was a blessing, Heather just followed the lead, the darkness preventing her from appreciating the danger their journey represented.  They climbed for several hours before Jeremy called a halt on a small shelf of rock.  Heather needed the rest.  Jeremy explained, “We are near the top, we must scale a difficult cliff to reach the top.  You must rest here until we secure the ropes.”
Heather was content to do as told.  She rested with her back against the cliff.  She noted how smooth the rock was she was sitting on and wondered why.  One of the hunters explained that they were ascending a waterfall and the ledge had been polished by the intermittent flow of water falling from above.  Heather could visualize the joy of sitting on this ledge in the heat of the summer with a small flow of water splashing around her cooling and refreshing her.  Her reality was the cold of the high desert.  She shifted often to prevent the numbness from setting in.  Almost two hours passed before the sound of the falling rope startled them back to alertness.  The lightest of the hunters went first.  As more and more hunters were moved from the ledge more ropes were dangled.
Heather wrapped the rope around her as she had been taught.  She had assumed that she would be climbing with the rope as an assist.  After the first few feet of ascent she lost contact with the stone face of the cliff.  She reached out in all directions but was met only by air.  She was being pulled up with a staccato movement as the rope was dragged hand over hand by those above her.  Heather dangled in mid air.  The stars twisted and turned as her rope spun around, which added to her sense of dizziness.  The rope was cutting into her side and she began to wonder how much more she could take when she heard the voice asking her to stretch out her hand.  Her hand was grasped by strong hands from above and she was pulled over the edge of the cliff.  The stone she now sat on seemed even more substantial after the period dangling in space.  When Jeremy asked how she was doing, Heather replied, “A bit tired but okay.  I would expect the view is spectacular during daylight.”
Jeremy laughed and said, “Spectacular, yes, but not for the faint of heart.”
The ground leveled off and they made much better time.  Occasionally the light of a campfire could be seen in the distance.  The ground seemed even drier on the Southern Plains than it had in the great valley.  Only an occasional small bush or clump of grass existed amongst the rocks.  Jeremy estimated they had three hours before the first light.  With less than an hour to travel Heather called a rest.  They ate a small meal and prepared for the upcoming fight.  Their scouts had gone ahead and were returning with the reports.  The enemy camp was quiet and there appeared to be no outlying sentries.  The camp sentries were awake and manning their post.  They timed their departure so their arrival would coincide with the first light.
As they approached the enemy camp Heather asked that the sentries be neutralized silently.  Several of the hunters moved ahead.  Just as the sun rose in the southeast an alarm was sounded in the camp.  They instinctively braced for an attack but the enemy was concentrating on the decoy force moving up the trade route.  The southern archers positioned themselves along the rim and the catapult was manned.  The hunters ascending the trail stayed out of archery range but the catapult began hurling rocks down upon them.  They reached the area of heavy cover and sought shelter behind the huge boulders.  The enemy commander organized his troops into an attack division which began descending the trail.  The catapult kept the hunters pinned behind their boulders as the enemy approached.
Heather waited at the edge of the camp until the enemy troops had descended far enough to limit their ability to return easily.  She had the hunters positioned with their bows ready and on her command a volley of arrows was released.  The sudden collapse of those manning the catapult caused great confusion momentarily.  The commander realized he was being attacked from the rear and began shouting orders.  The second volley of arrows decimated those soldiers closest to the hunters.  Heather called out, “I demand your surrender.”
The commander was unsure what he was facing and his indecision was answered with another volley of arrows.  His troops were falling in front of him.  He couldn’t even see the enemy because of the sunshine behind them.  Again Heather demanded his surrender.  He answered, “Hold your arrows.  We surrender.”
As the enemy troops began laying down their arms Heather and Elrod stepped forward to receive the Southern commander’s sword in surrender.  As the Southern commander held out his sword the sunlight glistened off of Heather’s blond hair.  He said, “You are the golden one the nymphs rescued.”
“I am known as Heather of the Northern Palace.  I accept your sword and your surrender.”
Elrod reached out to take the sword that was offered.  One of the Southern army lunged at him with a short sword.  The Elrod deflected the sword only partially with his spear but Heather stepped forward and the ensuing sword battle lasted but a few seconds before her sword found its mark.  Whether by intention or not, several other Southern Army soldiers moved forward.  The arrows struck so rapidly that they looked more like porcupines than soldiers.  The Southern commander bellowed out again his order to drop all weapons.  He spoke to Heather, “I am shamed that my surrender was violated.  I would hope your envoy’s injury is not serious.”
Elrod was still holding with one hand the sword offered in surrender.  His other shoulder was bleeding.  He handed the sword to Heather and insisted he was fine.  Heather thought otherwise but would not force him to lose face.  She replied, “Our healer will arrive shortly.  He will care for the injured.  I would have your troops assemble in the field to the right.”
The Southern commander ordered his troops to assemble in an open field that was bordered on two sides by the almost sheer walls of the gorge.  Fighting could still be heard below them and Heather requested the Southern commander order a retreat and surrender of the division which had descended into the gorge.  The Southern commander ordered the retreat sounded on their long trumpet.  The musical tone was somewhat harsh but carried far into the valley below.  The initial call was answered by a shorter call from below and the sounds of fighting diminished and stopped.  Soon the troop appeared at the rim.  They were greeted by their commander who was standing by a woman warrior with shining blond hair.  The commander ordered them to set the weapons down and join their comrades in the open field.
As Heather’s army reunited she spoke with the Southern commander saying, “We would bring some of the sacred water to the people in the valley below.”
The Southern commander replied, “I received orders yesterday to destroy the transport of sacred water.”
“Why?”
“I am a military officer and I did as I was told.  There may still be a few of the small casks from the last convoy remaining but we drained the large transport tank.  It was reported that the northern army was moving towards our supply road.  I assume my superiors did not want the sacred water to be captured.”
“Your babies are dying because they lack the sacred water!”
“I am a soldier and I did as I was told.  During war people suffer.  I did not choose this war.”
“Neither did we.”  Heather then asked Jeremy to search out Daniel and speed his arrival.  Heather did her best to stem the bleeding from Elrod’s shoulder.  They continued reorganizing the camp, isolating the Southern soldiers and minimizing their need for guards.
When Daniel arrived, he immediately began treating the injured starting with Elrod.  The wound was deep but no major vessels had been severed.  Daniel cleansed the wound with some of his limited supply of sacred water and began sewing the wound closed.  Elrod grimaced with every pass of the needle.  He was perspiring freely from the pain but did not complain.  As he finished sewing Daniel said, “Well, Guard whose wife’s name is Martha, you will heal fine but you must limit the use of this arm.  I’m afraid your wife may have been able to do a better job of sewing but ask her not to judge my work too harshly.”
Elrod replied, “My wife’s opinion of your work could not be higher.  I do miss my wife, Martha, and I’m sure she’ll be upset that I wasn’t more careful.  Thank you for your help.  I feel as if I should lie down for a while.”
Daniel moved on to the care of the wounded Southern soldiers.  The accuracy of the hunter’s arrows had been such that were not many wounded to treat.  He did an initial inspection of the injured.  There were fifteen Southern soldiers needing immediate care.  He had their people assist him in his efforts to remove the arrows and patch the wounds.  The problem with arrow wounds was to prevent the outside of the wound from closing before the interior could heal.  He packed each of the wounds with a small strip of cloth saturated with sacred water.  His own supply soon ran out and he asked for additional sacred water.  Only one of the small transport casks had been found and it was brought to him.
The Southern commander had watched Daniel work and said, “You have worked hard to help my soldiers even though we are the enemy.  I thank you for your kindness.”
Daniel replied, “You are not the enemy.  The one who started this war is the enemy.  Your people and my people are really the same.”
Not until all of the injured had been treated did Daniel allow himself some rest.  He sat in the sunshine with Heather and ate a small meal.  Heather told him about the destruction of the sacred water.  An intense sadness spread across Daniel’s face and he was quiet for several minutes.  Heather finally said, “Daniel of Issip, we did our best but it was not meant to be.”
“I do not believe in evil as such but I’m not sure if there’s any other explanation for this.  Why would anybody purposely kill babies much less their own people’s babies?”
It was now Heather’s turn for silent contemplation.  A thought tried to form but she never grasped a firm hold on it.  The military intent seemed to be a weakening of all of their societies but for what purpose?  She laid her head on Daniel’s shoulder and said softly, “Let us rest my love.  We have much more work ahead of us.”
It was just past midday when Daniel left Heather to check on the injured.  When that task was done he moved to the site of sacred water collection.  A large tank was fitted onto a wagon.  The small transport casks were stacked on a platform next to the tank wagon.  The area behind the tank wagon was a mud wallow formed when they released the valve and drained the sacred water from the tank.  Daniel just stood there seeing deformed babies in the form of the mud.  Tears welled up in his eyes.
Heather had seen Daniel walking to the sacred water transfer site.  She watched him stand there for many minutes.  She went to his side and put her arm around his.  They stood together saying nothing; each dealing with the guilt and frustration of their failure.  Daniel got a somewhat surprised look on his face and said, “I wonder?” but the rest of his thoughts went unsaid.
“You wonder what, my love?”
“The sacred soil contains the essence of the sacred water, this mud should also.” With that he bent down and reached into the mud.  He tasted the mud which had the bitter salty flavor of the sacred water.  Now he was looking excited.  He told Heather, “We must save as much of this mud as we can before it rains and washes out the iodine.”
Heather asked, “You want people to eat mud?”
Daniel explained, “The essence of the sacred water is something called iodine.  It isn’t destroyed and I think people can absorb it from the mud.  It will not be elegant, but it should save many babies.”
“How will we store and transport it?”
Daniel responded, “We will use the containers for the sacred water.  It will be much less efficient but far better than nothing.  I’m not sure how we’re going to get it to the villages in the valley.”
Heather said, “I may be able to arrange that.  You figure out how to package the mud and I’ll work on transport.”
Heather walked across the camp to the site where their prisoners were being held.  She asked the commander to come and talk with her.  They walked to where she could watch Daniel working on methods of packing the mud into the cask.  She told the commander, “Daniel, our healer from the forest, says the essence of the sacred water survives in the mud.  If the mud could be delivered to the people living in the valley many babies would be saved.”
The Southern commander said, “I meant no harm to the babies of my people, I did as I was told.  How can we help?”
“I would release you and your men as prisoners if you would pledge to deliver this mud containing the sacred water to those in need along the valley.  You and your men must also agree to a pact of nonviolence.”
“And if some refuse?”
“Those who refuse will be sent as prisoners of war to the forest.  Times are hard in the forest, but I have no other choice.”
“I will speak to my men but each must decide for themselves.”
“How will you choose?”
“I would choose to help my people rather than fight with the spirits of the forest.”
Heather said, “Those who agree will be released to help Daniel.  He said that we must save the mud before it rains.”  Both Heather and the commander looked to the west and the clouds forming on the horizon were evident to both.
The commander returned to his troops and presented the options they had.  At first no one was willing to make a decision until one of the troops said, “My Sister is with child and lives in the valley.  I would choose to help her.”
All but a few of the Southern soldiers agreed to Heather’s terms.  The few remaining were told to collect their cloaks and small packs for the journey to the forest.  When they realized Heather was serious they changed their minds.  No one would willingly travel to the forest in the wintertime, especially when the spirits of the forest had been so active.  The work parties were established with some scooping the mud and others packing the small cask.  Daniel made sure the more soupy mud was packed first because it had a stronger salty taste.  When the small casks were filled they began filling the large transport tank.  Daniel kept tasting the mud deciding whether it was worth saving.  Their efforts were halted when the rain started.  The rainwater diluted the remaining sacred water too much.
The Southern troops were escorted back to their guarded campsite.  Heather asked the Southern commander to join them for a meal.  He accepted the invitation and walked with them back to the main camp.  They shared their travel rations and spoke of the cruelties of war.  Daniel wanted to know what happened to all of the sacred water.  The commander reported that his job was just to ensure the sacred water arrived at the city safely.  The large tank wagon had been making the journey every two weeks since the war started.  This would have been the last trip before winter brought a halt to the transport.  Daniel estimated the amount of sacred water taken and realized that it was indeed the entire output of the sacred spring.
The commander wanted to know why the sacred water was so essential to babies.  Daniel explained in general terms; how the essence of the sacred water allowed for babies to develop normally.  Without it they would all be deformed.  He did not bother discussing his theory of the half brains.  The discussion turned to King Alvin and his strange behavior.  The Southern commander would not speak against his King but admitted things had been tough since the death of their old King.  He described how the military chain of command had changed.  Field commanders, like himself, no longer had authority to make any decisions.  All decisions were made in the palace and he did as he was told.
Daniel had worked hard and his fatigue was showing.  Heather called an end to the evening and the commander was escorted back to the prisoner’s campsite.  When they had retreated to their own tent, Heather wanted to continue the discussion.  Daniel struggled to stay awake but was soon answering Heather’s questions with simple sounds.  Heather realized he was no longer actually awake.  She wanted to talk but it was hopeless.  When Daniel lay down to sleep, sleep he did.  Heather lay awake trying to decipher what had changed in the Southern Kingdom to have started the war.  The decision to wage war seemed to have been made purposefully, but for what purpose?  Daniel’s quiet snoring finally relaxed her and she too fell asleep.
The day dawned much colder.  After a warm morning meal, preparations were made for the departure of the Southern troops.  Heather required each of the troops to swear personally to her a pledge of nonviolence.  Each was allowed to take their personal packs onto which a single cask of their mud was attached.  Daniel instructed them to deliver a cask for each fifty families in the village.  All adults were to use two teaspoons of the mud added to their food monthly.  Pregnant women were to have one teaspoon daily until they delivered and then one teaspoon weekly while they were nursing.
The wounded soldiers would be taken with the large tank wagon back to the city.  Their care would be transferred to a Southern physician as soon as possible.  The Southern soldiers departed on their mission of mercy.  Heather decided to have her scouts follow the Southern troops and report regularly on their activities.  They would now wait until the hoped for convoy of sacred water arrived.  Their traders left to travel back on the trail towards the forest to assist those bringing the sacred water.  For Heather and Daniel it was an opportunity for rest and a chance to be newlyweds.
The Southern army camp had eight half brains as servants.  Betty adopted them and they became part of their camp.  Betty explained to them that they would be treated as people by those of the Forest.  They remained very shy and refused to speak to anyone but Betty.  Daniel tried to examine them and treat their ailments but they refused unless he had Betty with him.  One of the young women was early with child.  Daniel prescribed one-half teaspoon of the mud to be used weekly.  All of the half brains were to take one teaspoon of the mud immediately and then on a monthly basis.  The two males had both been castrated as was accustomed, shortly after birth.  They were especially shy and had been abused more seriously.
Word came on the fourth day that the caravan was one day out.  Heather began making her plans for departure.  She wanted to get this sacred water to her people as soon as possible.  When the caravan arrived Heather was disappointed because they brought only 22 cask of the sacred water and a small box of the saltpeter for Daniel.  The traders explained how damaged the spring was because of the excess drawdown and lack of maintenance.  They had done their best.  Heather thanked them for their efforts and sent them back to their homes.  Her army was ready to travel and at midday they headed south and west along the trade road towards the walled city of the Southern Kingdom. 

Chapter 12

Heather and her troops were traveling along the trade route but the weather slowed their progress.  The ruts along the trail filled with water from the rain and soon the ground turned to mud.  The wind was from the south pushing the rain into their faces and thoroughly soaking them.  They made only a few miles before Heather called a rest.  There was only two hours of daylight left and after a short rest they began moving again.  The troops would take turns turning the wheels of the wagon to help move it along through the mud.  The tank was now full of the mud saturated with the sacred water and was heavier than usual.  Stretches of the trail with significant slope drained better and the ground was less muddy which made travel easier.  It was almost dark before they set up camp.  Firewood was scarce and they managed only a small cooking fire.
The night weather deteriorated further as the temperature dropped.  The rain became a mixture of sleet and snow.  It was a tough night to sleep, everything was wet and everyone chilled.  Heather and Daniel huddled together in the tent.  Heather made the comment, “I thought it wasn’t supposed to rain in this high desert country.”
Daniel answered her, “I would expect the storm to blow through fairly quickly but the temperature will probably drop as the storm passes.”
“I would prefer the cold to the wet.  At least I have you to keep me warm.”
As Daniel had predicted the morning brought much colder temperatures and several inches of snow fell before the sky began to clear.  It was mid-morning before they got moving.  A frozen crust was present but the wagon wheels kept breaking through into the mud below.  Each mile they gained was a battle.  The sun was low in the sky but provided enough warmth to gradually dry them.  Though, their feet remained wet because of the snow.  Daniel had hitched his horse to the front of the draft horses helping to pull the wagon along.  It did not take long for him to tire walking in the snow and mud and he was forced to again mount the horse and ride.  Where the trail was hard they made good time but where the road was soft each yard of progress was a major effort.
Their evening camp was much more comfortable without the rain.  Firewood was again hard to come by and they had only their small cooking fire.  The scouts reported a small village about a half-day ahead.  The traders were familiar with this route and told Heather that it was the first of a series of villages each spaced one day’s travel apart.  The village consisted of only a couple dozen houses and an inn.  Jeremy offered to check out the inn, which, at his gait, was only a few hours away.  He also suggested Daniel should accompany him.  Daniel deferred but asked Jeremy to find out if the villagers had enough sacred water.  Heather agreed that the risk was outweighed by the information Jeremy could gather.  It would be much easier to stay on the road than to try to move their heavy wagon around the village.  Jeremy and Randy had no sooner left when Ben arrived in the camp.  He brought news of the war.  The Southern army continued to pull back and would soon have retreated to their walled city.  The King was already planning his siege.  The battle for the southern city was going to be brutal.  Heather asked about the smaller division which had headed east to secure their approach.  Ben reported that this division had made good progress and significant resistance had been overcome.  The fighting continued and the Southern army seemed to be continuing their retreat to the walled city.
The news brought by Ben was encouraging.  Heather wanted to know if Ben could guide their traders to her father’s camp by a direct route.  She wanted the sacred water delivered to the people of the Northern Kingdom as quickly as possible.  As slow as they were going it was going to be at least two weeks before the sacred water arrived at her father’s camp.  Ben reported that he had made the journey in three days but felt a half-day could be saved because he now knew the route.  The traders and a dozen of the hunters agreed to deliver the water directly.  Heather thanked them and suggested that everyone would benefit from a good night’s sleep.  She and Daniel retreated to their tent but the stories went on amongst the rest of her miniature army.
Dawn arrived clear and cold with heavy frost covering everything.  They broke camp with Ben and the traders headed directly to the King’s camp.  Before they left Heather gave Ben the small box the Queen had asked her to give to her father.  She had forgotten about it during his visit.  Her letter told her father not only of their military progress but also of her love for Daniel.  The main troop headed south and east along the trade route.  They traveled for about two hours when approaching figures could be seen in the distance.  They met up with Jeremy and Randy.  Heather called for a rest.  Jeremy reported that the villagers were without any sacred water.  The innkeeper was willing to trade food and lodging for just a small vial of sacred water.  Despite the regular passage of the tank wagon no sacred water had been available to their traders for several months.  Daniel wanted to know if there were pregnant women in the village.  Jeremy assured him that he had not checked every woman but that it was very likely.  This innkeeper was very outspoken about the Southern King.  His business had suffered because of the war and the cessation of normal trade.  The innkeeper felt the death of the old King and the rise of King Alvin, were both the results of some evil which had descended upon their land.
They moved on and by midday came to the small village.  Jeremy had gone ahead to discuss trade and the whole village was assembled when they arrived.  They were served a hot meal and Daniel spent the next two hours examining and treating the villagers.  Their need of the sacred water was obvious to Daniel, but most were very hesitant to eat the soil saturated with the sacred water.  Daniel worked hard to convince them to taste the mud to prove it truly contained the sacred water.  They traded the mud made with the sacred water for supplies and containers of oil to be used for cooking.  It was late afternoon before they moved on and they covered only an additional 2 miles before darkness forced them to make camp.  The trail was just too rough to move the heavy wagon in the darkness.
They’re slow progress continued and as the villages became larger Daniel’s work took longer and longer.  Heather brought the subject up after dinner while they were sitting around the small oil pot fire.  She said, “I know these people need our help, but there is a war going on and we need to do our part.”
Daniel replied, “The people suffer and I must do what I can to help.”
Heather took his hand saying, “I knew when I married you that I would have to share you with everyone who needed your skills as a healer.  I was thinking that we could speed our progress by keeping the wagon moving and having you ferried on your horse.  You could move ahead and do your work and at the end of the day catch up with us.”
“I would be willing.”
“Jeremy seems quite bored with our slow progress and would probably be willing to check out the inns while you worked.”
“And you, Heather of the Northern Palace, could use some training in the healing arts.  I would enjoy having you work with me.”
Heather replied, “You, Daniel of Issip, could use some training in the martial arts.  Though I doubt you are much interested.  I’m not sure our marriage is meant for sharing everything in our lives.  It is perhaps better we be who we are and respect the other for what they are.”
The next morning Jeremy and Daniel set off along the trade route before camp was broken.  They traveled a good pace with Daniel riding his horse and Jeremy setting the pace with a sloping trot.  By midmorning they had arrived with their single cask of their mud.  Word had obviously traveled ahead because they were expected.  Daniel set up his impromptu clinic in the back of the nicer inn.  He treated those ailments he was able and dispensed small quantities of their mud with careful instructions on dosing.  Several of the women were pregnant and had been without any sacred water.  A baby had been born and it had coarse facial features and a protruding bellybutton.  Daniel was sure if a midwife had delivered the infant it would have failed her test and died.  He wasn’t sure if sacred water now would allow the infant to develop more normally, but he was going to try.  He told the very worried mother to give the infant just a tiny pinch of the mud in its mouth twice-weekly for a month and then weekly.  
Seeing this deformed infant tired Daniel greatly.  He found it difficult to concentrate because the question of why this King Alvin would harm his own people’s babies kept intruding on his consciousness.  He took a short break when Heather arrived at midday.  They shared a hot meal together and then she departed.  Daniel returned to his work.  The sun was low in the southwest before the final patient was seen.  Jeremy was eager to get going and when they were out of the village, he began explaining to Daniel what he had learned.  One of the villagers was a representative to the Trade Commission which was headed by a nephew of the old King whose name was Alvin.  They had a ceremonial dinner which the King attended.  During the course of the dinner the King suddenly developed trouble breathing and began shaking violently.  The physicians were called but he died shortly after they arrived.  Confusion reigned and most of the delegates left the city.  The village trader had unfinished business so he stayed on for a few more days.  The old King’s son, Jason, abdicated the throne as soon as the funeral was finished. The nephew, this guy named, Alvin, then became King.  Things began deteriorating soon thereafter and Jason departed the city for his family’s traditional summer residence in the country.
As they continued on, Jeremy’s talk became more centered on the beauty of the dark skinned Southern women and the quality of their ale.  Daniel wasn’t listening anymore.  He was thinking about the old King’s death.  The death was almost certainly secondary to a poison, but what kind?  This question kept him occupied until they arrived at the campsite.  It was now dark and Jeremy was actually leading his horse.  Heather greeted them warmly and helped Daniel take care of his horse.  As they worked he related the tale Jeremy had told about King Alvin.  Heather had specific questions but Daniel could only shrug his shoulders and defer to Jeremy.  Heather did not pursue the questions until they had finished their evening meal.  She then began asking Jeremy specific questions most of which he had no answer for.  Heather’s frustration was obvious and Daniel asked, “Why do you need to know these things?”
Heather replied, “Don’t you see.  This King Alvin is not a rightful King.  Jason is the legal King and his abdication was obviously forced.  We need to find Jason and return him to his rightful throne.  He will be the secret to re-establishing peace.”
Daniel said, “Remember, my love, we of the forest do not understand this business of kings.  If you say this is important we believe you.”
Heather turned to Jeremy and said, “We need to find this Jason and protect him.  Do you have any idea where this summer residence may be?”
“No, but I’m sure I can find out.  I will need some of our small vials of sacred water to use as a trade item.  It is the one thing everyone is willing to trade for.”
The discussion continued but Daniel was completely worn out.  He was half asleep when he heard Heather say, “It is time that I took my husband to bed, we will finish our planning in the morning.”
Daniel awoke in the morning feeling unrefreshed.  His joints ached and his throat was sore.  It was obvious to Heather that Daniel was more than simply tired from his heavy workload. Daniel figured he would be okay after he got moving, but Heather disagreed.  Heather finally said, “You may be the healer but I’m the commander and I say we are staying put until you feel better.  I’ll send Jeremy ahead and tell the villagers you will be delayed.”
Daniel didn’t protest too loudly, he didn’t have the energy.  His sore throat worsened and he began to run a fever.  The fever made it hard to think logically and he didn’t even think of using any willow bark until Heather asked him if he had used any medicine.  For five days the fever continued intermittently and his throat was so swollen that he could not swallow anything but a small amount of warm broth.  He layed on his mat and would intermittently chill when the fever spiked to the point he would be shaking and unable to get warm.  His thinking would be delirious and his dreams filled with wild scenes.  During one such episode Daniel found himself falling into an ice crevasse.  The further he fell the colder he was.  He just kept falling deeper into the crevasse, falling past the two bodies already frozen in the ice.  The cold penetrated deeply within him and he was shivering violently.  Heather was awakened by his shaking and gently woke him.  When the fever would subside he would be drenched in sweat but his thinking would improve.
Heather worried about Daniel but other than soothing his brow and encouraging him to take some fluids she felt helpless.  She did use the time to send her scouts out looking for the summer residence of the Southern King.  Jeremy had reported that the residence was perched along the edge of the cliff overlooking the great gorge.  The scouts found the residence three days journey east.  They reported the small palace was situated on the very edge of the cliff and at least a garrison of soldiers guarded the entrance.  The illness Daniel had contacted spread through their camp quickly.  Most people suffered only mild symptoms.  Daniel apparently was paying the price of his weakened state and excess workload.
They had lost another week and Heather fretted some about their delay.  She spoke with Jeremy about the possibility of getting a letter to Jason.  He was bored and agreed to try and deliver a letter.  When Heather asked him who he would take with Jeremy replied, “Well, I’d normally take Daniel but I don’t suppose he’s up to the trip yet.  I’ll ask Randy.”
Heather debated with herself about sending more troops with Jeremy and decided he was probably better off this way.  She spent the afternoon writing and rewriting the letter to Jason.  If only she knew more about why he abdicated the throne, the reports the Northern Kingdom agents had brought them never explained the abdication.  She did her best and read the letter to Daniel after dinner.  His only suggestion was that she ask Jason to join them directly.  She began to explain how diplomatic requests are always indirect and then thought, “I am living with those of the forest.  Why not try their simple methods?”  She rewrote that section of the letter as she copied the letter onto a piece of fresh paper and sealed it with wax and the imprint of her ring.  She was going to address the letter to, “Jason, King of the Southern Kingdom” but instead simply addressed it, “Jason.”
The morning came with some clouds and the feeling of snow.  Jeremy and Randy were ready to go when Heather and Daniel appeared for breakfast.  She handed them her letter and was giving them last-minute instructions when Betty appeared dressed for travel.  She was wearing clothes from the half brains they had taken in.  When Heather gave her a questioning look, Betty said, “I had better go with.  They may need me.”
Before Heather could object both Jeremy and Randy were already thanking Betty for volunteering.  They were both obviously pleased to be traveling with her.  Heather said, “I’m not sure I like this idea but since you obviously do, I’m charging you to take good care of her.”
Heather and Daniel watched the three of them march off.  Flanked by the two tall hunters Betty appeared as a child.  Heather asked Daniel why they wanted Betty along.  Daniel explained, “We of the forest believe in our amulets and Betty with her courage may be the most powerful amulet of all.”
“I just don’t want anything bad to happen to her.”
Daniel squeezed Heather around the shoulders thinking how much she was like her father.  He said, “Betty’s destiny must be allowed to develop.  We cannot protect her from her destiny.”
They broke camp and headed on to the village.  Heather had decided to keep Daniel with her and pay the price of slower travel.  She would allow Daniel two hours for his healing and then they would move on.  Daniel’s strength was still quite limited and he did not even argue.  When they arrived in the village there were many people waiting for him.  Heather addressed the villagers, “Daniel, our healer, will help as many as he can in the next two hours but then we must move on.  If you bring your containers to the wagon we will share our sacred water with you.  Daniel will explain how to use the mud.”
Daniel spent his time evaluating the sickest of the villagers.  Many were suffering the early effects of not enough sacred water.  The two hours went much too quickly and many who wished to be seen could not be.  Heather was forceful and her troops began moving on.  When they reached the edge of the village a man came frantically running after them.  He pleaded with Daniel to help his wife who was in childbirth and not progressing.  Daniel looked at Heather who rolled her eyes upwards and said, “Okay.”
Daniel went off with the man and was gone for another hour.  When he returned the worry and sadness on his face were evident.  When Heather asked how things went he said, “The baby is deformed because of the shortage of sacred water.  I’m not sure if the mother can recover, she lost too much blood.”
Heather asked tenderly, “Would it help if you stayed?”
Daniel was quiet for a long time before he replied, “No, I have done what I can.  It’s more important that we return this world back to the way it was.  This evil, if that is what it is, must be purged from the land.”
They moved on in silence.  Heather knew that Daniel’s own mother had died in childbirth.  It was a heavy burden that her Daniel was carrying.
They had repeated their routine seven more times and still no word from Jeremy.  They were making camp when one of the scouts arrived with the message from Jeremy asking for the use of Daniels horse.  The explanation was very sketchy but they dispatched the horse without further questioning.  They finished making camp and Heather asked that a special meal be prepared for Jeremy’s return.  It was approaching midnight before Jeremy returned to the camp leading the horse which held two people one of which was obviously Betty.  When they dismounted Jeremy said, “I know you wanted me to deliver a letter but this fellow insisted on coming with us.”
Heather replied, “And who would this fellow be?”
The large man turned towards Heather and bowed saying, “I am Jason.  I request permission to join with you as you seek to return normal to our world.”
Heather returned his bow saying, “We will speak of an alliance after you have eaten.”
Betty’s giggling disrupted the formal nature of the greeting and Jeremy interjected, “This subject of eating has been much discussed during our days of travel.  It seems Jason has not before traveled with the rations of those of us from the Forest.”
Before he could go on, Heather interrupted saying, “Let us eat first and hear the tale, after your stomachs are filled.”
The simple meal was only partially finished before Jeremy began telling the story of their rescue of Jason.  When the three of them had arrived at the summer residence it was obvious that the guards were there not to protect those within but to keep anyone from leaving.  Only the half brain servants were seen entering our leaving the gate.  Betty had joined with the servants and passed into the fortress.  She carried your letter and found Jason in his quarters.  She returned to us the next day when the servants went out again to collect firewood.  She brought us a note from Jason accepting your offer to join with us.  The only issue remaining was how to extract him from the palace.  Randy had scouted the cliff and it was fairly easy to scale but the palace walls were built with care and were too smooth to climb without a rope.  We had to send Betty back again asking Jason to lower a rope.
Jason interjected, “Having spent the last three years and two months imprisoned in the palace I knew there wasn’t a long enough rope.  Your Betty took charge and tied together cords and sheets to make a long rope.  I was sure glad when Jeremy showed up with the real rope.”
Jeremy continued the storytelling of how he used four turns of the rope around a timber to slowly lower Jason down to the first ledge where Randy was waiting.  Jason again interrupted saying, “I had not been allowed outside the palace for over three years and I found myself swinging from a rope being held by someone less than half my size.  My joy of being rescued overcame my fear of dangling by the thin little rope.”
The story continued, relating how after Betty was lowered and Jeremy followed, they worked their way across the cliff and back to their hidden camp.  They left immediately but their pace was slow.  They took turns urging Jason on and scouting the guards’ camp.  Apparently Betty’s instructions to carry on normally were well received by the servants and no alarm was raised.  Jeremy figured that it may be months before they realize Jason was gone.
Daniel’s fatigue was again showing and he and Heather excused themselves for some needed sleep.  The camp was much slower getting going in the morning.  When they were finally underway Heather walked beside Jason discussing the war and the political situation of the Southern Kingdom.  Jason admitted that he had abdicated the throne because of the threat on his life.  The offer of being allowed the Summer Palace with all of his books seemed much preferred to challenging Alvin.  He came to realize his mistake and found his imprisonment, although less harsh than the palace dungeons, to be an ongoing torture of his soul.  He saddened noticeably when Heather told him of the plight of the villagers because of the apparent deliberate withholding of the sacred water.  Daniel asked if Jason knew why Alvin was withholding the sacred water.  Jason replied, “My cousin has always wanted power over everything else but it makes no sense why he would subject our own people to this.”
As they approached the next village Heather made the decision to keep Jason’s presence a secret.  Word was passed to everyone that Jason was not to be mentioned.  She and Jeremy took Jason and skirted the village.  Randy led the troop into the village and Daniel spent his two hours caring for the sickest of the villagers.  They moved on and met up again with Heather on the far side of the village.  They were joined by Ben and the returning traders as night approached.  They listened to Ben’s report of the ongoing war effort.  The siege of the outer wall had begun.  Ben did his best to answer Jason’s many questions.  The losses both armies had sustained obviously caused Jason pain.  He finally said, “If I had only not been such a coward, none of these people would have needed to have suffered and died.”
Daniel spoke up saying, “Sir, if you had confronted this Alvin you would have suffered the same fate as your father.  It is perhaps better that you’re here now to join us.”
Daniel’s kind words brought little relief to Jason.  Heather was more direct when she said, “Jason, you are the key to peace and for this we needed you alive.  Your role has yet to be played.”  Heather continued, “I think it is time we held council with my father.”
Ben had estimated that they were separated by a four-day journey.  Daniel had assumed they would simply travel the four days to her father’s camp but Heather felt otherwise.  She said, “I would like to keep Jason’s presence unknown.  It would be best if any spying eyes in the large camp were not allowed to see Jason.  I would ask my father to meet with us one day travel from his camp.”
In the morning Ben departed carrying Heather’s request for the secret meeting.  The traders agreed to continue moving their wagon and its precious cargo forward towards the walled city.  They were to continue sharing the mud saturated with the sacred water with all of the villages they passed through.  Daniel was prepared to continue his two-hour periods of healing but Heather insisted, “I would have you with me.”
Their camp divided with the traders and the main party continuing along the trade route towards the walled city.  Heather with Jason and twenty of the hunters would head out cross-country to meet her father.  They would rejoin the traders outside the eastern face of the walled city in seven or eight days.  Betty just assumed she would be traveling with Heather and her assumption was not challenged.  Elrod began one of his long-winded explanations of why he should also accompany Heather.  Jeremy listened with fascination to the ongoing monologue which continued until Heather held up her hands and agreed that Elrod should accompany them.
As they started out Jeremy addressed Elrod saying, “Guard whose wife is named Martha, I have never heard one speak so continuously before.  I’ve been accused of dominating the conversation but your ability for continuous talk is amazing.”
Elrod responded, “I would not be so insistent but I promised my Martha that I would look after our Princess.  So it is best that I accompany her.”
Heather sent scouts out in all directions, she didn’t want any surprises.  The small troop moved along at a reasonable pace with Jason riding Daniel’s horse most of the time.  Daniel’s strength had definitely improved.  Daniel and Jason visited about many things.  Jason’s interest in science was keen and they had many common interests.  Jason was in particular interested in Daniel’s theory of the half brains.  He told Daniel, “My only companions for the past three years have been my half brain servants.  I learned from this interaction that they are more like us than I ever imagined.  It is strange how a simple element can cause such problems both physical and social.”
Daniel asked Jason, “Would you be willing to allow the half brains’ to take the sacred water?”
Jason was silent for some time before replying, “What you ask seems honorable but the political and social price would be extreme.  Is there not another way for them to obtain this element they need?”
“I have identified another source of iodine in the soil of a volcano.  Eating small amounts of this soil would suffice.  If we of the forest provided this soil would you allow the half brains to use it and accept any healthy babies as citizens?”
Jason silently argued with himself for some time before replying, “If I accept your theory then I must acknowledge that we are practicing slavery which I find repugnant, especially the practice of castrating the male infants.  If I grant citizenship to any children of a half brain born without the stigmata, then the slavery would end in one generation.  The church will oppose any change but if we accomplished the goal without changing the rituals of the sacred water I think it would be possible.”
Daniel said, “I speak only for myself, but I promise you my support. The little ones should be helped not abused.”
They began discussing the techniques Daniel used to isolate the iodine.  Jason told Daniel how one of the old books had mentioned this substance.  Daniel in turn was interested in what else the old book had to say.  Jason was not able to give much specific information because the text was written in the old style but it definitely talked about a substance called iodine which was essential for health.  The book also made references to the original hard times but talked only of the medical problems not of the cause of the hard times.  Daniel said, “Our priest would do well to read your book.  He is skilled at the reading of the ancient scrolls.”
“When we return our world to normal I will give your priest the book to study.”
Heather had joined them and listened to this discussion.  She asked, “Does your book tell of the times which were before?”
Jason said, “My studies of our history give occasional vague references to an ancient time and people but I know not what it means.”
Their three-day sojourn was pleasant and when they made camp for the third night Heather was excited to again see her father.  Her scouts had reported a troop being led by Ben were only two hours away.  Darkness had arrived when her father’s small band arrived at the camp.  Heather was more formal in her greeting and waited until her father had approached their campfire.  After the initial greeting she said, “Father, I would present to you Jason, the rightful King of the Southern Kingdom.”  She continued, “Jason, I present my father the King of the Northern Kingdom.”
The two men shook hands and Jason said, “Sir, it has been many years but the time appears to have treated you well.”
“I remember meeting you at the funeral service for your grandmother.  You have grown since then.”
Jason laughed and said, “I must admit I prefer my books to outdoor activity but if I spend much more time with these hunters of the forest I will be a mere shadow of myself.”
Heather invited her father and his troops to sit at the campfire and eat.  The talk was informal and lighthearted.  After they had finished eating Heather said, “I would speak to my father and Jason.”  Everyone began leaving the vicinity of the campfire.  Heather put her hand on Daniel’s arm signaling her desire for him to remain.
Heather opened their small council by saying, “Jason is the rightful King of the Southern Kingdom.  Returning him to his throne is our best hope of lasting peace.”
Her father replied, “I would agree with you but the question is can that be done without a total destruction of the Southern army?”
Heather replied, “If there are those still loyal to Jason who would be willing to lead a revolt against this Alvin, then, yes, it would be possible.  The death and suffering would be much reduced on all sides.”
Everyone looked at Jason who was thoughtful before saying, “I would expect there are many who would prefer my cousin be gone.  One in particular is an old childhood friend whose loyalty I would not question.”
Heather asked, “And is this friend in a position to help us?”  
Jason explained, “Arthur was the commander of the palace guard but he was demoted by my cousin and the last I heard he was commanding the forces of some district.  Unfortunately, for the past three years I have been denied outside communication.  My only knowledge of current affairs was from what my half brains learned and relayed to me.”
Heather’s father responded, “I now have some agents within the city.  I will learn what I can but there is still the issue of contacting this Arthur.”
Heather asked Jason, “All cities are porous even those under siege, what part of your city would the smugglers most likely use?”
Jason smiled and said, “The east wall is notorious for having multiple security breaks.  The terrain is very rugged and steep on this end of the city making an assault very difficult consequently, that portion of the wall never received the attention the other sections did.  Even during peace a fair amount of trade bypassed our tax system through the eastern wall.”
Daniel’s fatigue returned and he excused himself from the planning session. The discussions and planning went on until late into the night.    When morning came Heather’s father departed for his own camp.  They too departed on an angled course towards the wall city.  As they traveled Heather explained their plan to Daniel.  Her father would continue in his preparations for the siege but would hold off the actual attack for eight days.  This was their window of opportunity to prevent all the death and destruction that a siege would cause.  They would need to find a way into the city and locate Jason’s friend Arthur.  If enough loyal forces existed for an internal coup then Jason could be installed as the rightful King and peace restored.
Daniel asked, “How are we to find this Arthur?  It is not as if we could simply blend in with these people of the Southern Kingdom.”
Betty spoke up, “Me and my friends will find him.”
Heather replied, “An offer well-made but it is too risky, I can’t ask you to do this.”
Betty had tears in her eyes as she replied, “Please, let me help.  I heard Jason say he would let us little ones have normal babies and let our boys grow up without fixing them.”
Daniel reached out and took Heather’s hand saying, “Just as your father cannot protect you from your destiny you cannot protect Betty from hers.  Betty’s plan is a good one.  I would wish that you take time to consider her offer.”
Heather was quiet for a ways as they walked on before she said, “I will consider it, but we must also consider other options.”
The scouts had located a campsite a couple of hours away from the eastern wall that had good protection.  They set up a semi permanent camp and Elrod took charge of establishing sentry points.  The hunters combined their scouting expeditions with hunting efforts.  Large game was rare but small game was plentiful.  Their trading of the sacred water saturated mud had provided them with adequate supplies for the near-term.  While others worked to finish their camp, Daniel began working on making more of his powder.  Their traders had found him the sulfur and charcoal he needed.  He and Jeremy ground the materials in a small hand floor mill.  It was slow and the powders they made were courser than he liked but they had to make do.  It was several days work to make a new batch of his powder and it filled only half of a cask.
As soon as the camp was fully established Heather began her exploration of the eastern wall.  The most effective method was simply watching the smugglers and following their entry into the city.  The eastern wall was built on the edge of a bluff but some sections of the bluff had collapsed from draining water creating small openings under the wall.  Several sections had obviously been repaired but as Jason had suggested, entry into the city would not be difficult. 
The scouts explored many of the passages but did not penetrate into the city.  Guards protected the inner aspect of the wall on a random basis.  A workgroup of half brains was situated not far from one of the openings.  Heather spent several evenings analyzing the reports and debating her options waiting for word of Arthur’s location from her father.  When Ben arrived and informed her of the agents report that Arthur was 2nd in command of the south or eastern defense units, she called for a council.  She opened the meeting by saying, “It is time we sought out Arthur the friend of Jason’s.  Our routes into the city have been explored.  Betty has volunteered but I wish to explore all options.”  As she expected several of the scouts also volunteered.  She acknowledged their efforts but pointed out that their physical height and forest dialect would make them quite obvious.  No, it seemed that the only person qualified other than Betty would be herself.
Daniel objected saying that her blond hair would obviously standout as much as their height.  Heather responded, “As a woman I can make my hair dark and keep myself covered with a cape and hood.  My physical features are of relatively similar dimensions, I could fit in.”
Jeremy spoke up, “If the mission fails and you are captured we would be left without a leader.  If Betty or one of us from the forest is captured we continue as a unit.  I would speak against your assuming this role.”
Heather had already considered this but she needed to have the support of everyone.  The discussion continued but, in reality, the decision was already made.  Betty would be their envoy to Arthur.  Betty would enter the city that night and join with the work party of half brains.  She would be on her own as she explored and sought out Arthur.
Jason stood and said, “When we have returned our world to normal I will honor my pledge to you little ones.”  He took a small chain from around his neck and placed it over Betty’s head explaining, “Arthur made this ring for me when we were young.  He spent hours tapping on a silver coin forming it into this ring.  He will recognize it.  Tell him I need his help.”
The evening wore on and it was soon time for Betty to depart.  Jeremy guided her to the small opening and watched as she worked her way under the wall and into the city.  As she exited the tunnel she found herself between a stable and a tavern which was quite smelly and noisy.  She worked her way around the edge of the stable towards a group of tent shelters where the half brain workers were sheltered.  Betty approached one of the older women who was cleaning up some dishes.  She began helping and said, “I need your help.”
“You’re not from here.”
“No, I’m trying to make it so us little ones can have normal babies.”
“How would you do that?”
“I have a friend would give us something like the sacred water and then our babies would be normal.  Boy babies wouldn’t be fixed anymore.”
“What then?”
“Normal babies would grow up to be regular people.”
“You mean no more little people?”
Before Betty could answer a tent flap opened up and a large man stepped out yelling, “What are you half brains yapping about I’m trying to sleep.”
Betty was scared and started to run away but she tripped and fell.  Before she could get up the man had grabbed her and jerked her to upright.  He looked at Betty and said, “You’re not one of mine.  What’re you doing here?”
Betty didn’t answer and the man bent her arms behind her back until she thought her shoulders would come apart.  Still she kept quiet.  The man grabbed her hair and pulled her head backwards while still bending her arms and Betty cried out in pain.  The man demanded to know what she was doing.  Betty didn’t answer.  He pulled even harder on her head and she again let out a cry.  The man noticed the chain around her neck and while holding her arms ripped her blouse open to look at the chain.  He said, “Now this is strange, why would a half brain have jewelry?”  He grabbed the ring and chain and jerked it off of Betty’s neck.
Betty said, “No, mine!”
The man pulled her head back again by the hair and said, “I want to know what you’re doing here.”  Betty said nothing.  He dragged her over by the fire and grabbed a firebrand which was glowing red.  He pushed her to the ground and knelt on her arms.  He held the firebrand in her face and again demanded to know who she was.  When Betty refused to answer he said, “Well, I guess I’ll just have to brand you as one of mine.”  He touched the glowing firebrand to Betty’s bare chest between her small breasts.  Betty screamed out in pain but the man continued to burn his initial “R” onto her skin.  Suddenly the man slumped forward and Betty was pulled out from under him.
When Betty looked over she saw several of the little ones attacking the man with stones.  The attack went on until he no longer moved.  The old woman gave an order that the man be dragged into the trench they had been digging and covered with stones.  As they start to drag the man towards the trench that Betty called out, “Wait, I must have the ring.”  She reached into a shirt pocket and withdrew the chain and ring.
The old woman coated the burn with some grease and helped her close her blouse.  She said, “We will help but I am afraid for these little ones now.”
Betty said, “You must flee and join those of the forest who are outside the wall.  I did not want anyone hurt.  They will take care of you.”
The old woman straightened the best she could and said, “First, we help you.”
Betty explained how she was looking for a soldier named Arthur who was somewhere on the east or south side of the city.  The old woman said, “I am called Ally.  I will go with you to find this Arthur.”
Betty asked what the others would do and Ally said they would do as they always did.  They would work on the rock wall and tell the inspector that the man was in the tavern.  She would have them leave gradually.  Ally gave her orders and packed a few things into her backpack.  She added a stack of kindling sticks on top of her backpack.  She explained to Betty, “We must look like we’re working.”  When Betty was similarly loaded with kindling they headed off towards the army camp.  The streets were narrow and seem to twist every which way to Betty.  They had walked for almost two hours before Ally said, “There’s the camp.”  The guards were too busy playing cards to pay them any attention.  A few of the little people were still cleaning up outside the kitchen area.  They approached them and Ally said, “We need your help.”
A relatively tall eunuch responded, “What?”
Betty said, “I am looking for a soldier named Arthur.  He is one of the important ones.”
He responded, “I don’t know him.  We’ll ask Sally.  She services most of the important ones.”
While they waited for Sally to be found they helped him complete his task.  When Sally arrived Betty said, “You are pretty, no wonder they chose you.”  
Sally shrugged her shoulders and said, “I do as I am told.”
Betty said, “I am looking for one of the important ones called Arthur.”
Sally said, “I don’t know one named Arthur.”
Betty’s disappointment was obvious as she thanked Sally.  Ally simply said, “He must be at the other camp.”
They started to leave but the eunuch said, “It is late.  You should stay here with us.  You’ll be safe.  Nobody bothers checking on us.”
They agreed and the space was made for them.  Betty slept only fair because of the pain from the burn.  In the morning Ally again dressed the wound with grease and a soft cloth.  They shared a meal with the other little ones and headed out towards the south camp.  They followed the directions the eunuch had given them as best they could.  Whenever they became confused they simply asked one of the many of their kind they encountered.  As always the little ones helped each other.  It was evening before they arrived at the south camp.  This camp backed up to an open marketplace.  Several of the little people were washing the cobblestone areas down with water.  Betty asked how she could talk to the little ones inside.
One of the women said, “If you wait by the back gate those who were sent out for firewood will be returning.”
Betty and Ally did as they were told and waited outside the gate until a small troop of little people returned carrying firewood.  They entered the gate with the others and followed them to the service area.  They unloaded their kindling with the other firewood before Ally said, “We need your help.”
Another woman who was also stooped with age and work said, “Why?”
Betty let Ally explain their search for Arthur.  When she asked if Arthur was the one who would help them have normal babies Betty spoke up saying, “No, it is a friend of his who has made us this promise.”  When pressed for more information Betty would say no more.  The woman accepted this and said, “We will need to find Tilly.  She is the one the important ones call for.  We have worked hard, let us eat.”
Betty ate her food and enjoyed the bantering of her own kind.  It was getting very late before Tilly arrived.  When Betty asked her about Arthur she said, “He is nice but I don’t think the big boss likes him.”
Betty asked if she would take her to see him.  Tilly seemed suspicious until Betty said, “I have a message for him from an old friend.”
They chatted about camp life as they walked through the camp.  Several soldiers waived at them trying to get them to join them but Tilly would just point ahead, signaling that she was already answering a call.  They arrived at a small building near the center of the camp.  Tilly pointed to a closed-door with light coming through the window.  She asked if Betty wanted her to wait.  Betty said, “I can find my way back, thanks.”
Betty was so nervous when she knocked on the door that it could not even be heard.  She knocked harder and a man dressed in a blue uniform opened the door.  He looked down at Betty and said, “I didn’t call for anyone.”
Betty said, “I have a message for Arthur from an old friend.”
The man looked out and seeing no one looking; said, “Come in quickly.”  
Betty stepped through the door which he closed after glancing around once again.  He looked at Betty and asked, “Who has sent this message?”
Betty handed him the chain and ring.  He took the ring over to his lamp and examined it closely.  He asked, “How is the one who gave you this?”
Betty replied, “He is well and requests your help.”
Arthur asked, “Is he here in the city?”
Betty couldn’t help but visualize Jason trying to crawl through the small tunnel; she giggled and said, “No, he’s too big.”
Arthur wasn’t exactly sure what that meant but continued, “What does he want from me?”
Betty said, “He asks that you come and meet him.”
“Where?”
“Outside by the other camp.”
Arthur realized that he would be gone for the better part of two days.  He told Betty to wait while he manufactured an excuse for his absence.  Betty sat quietly and waited.  She noticed the ring by the lamp and examined closely.  She could see letters and numbers on the inside of the ring which seemed to be from the original coin.  She wondered how Arthur got the letters on the inside.  When he returned he began packing a small pack and Betty asked him about the ring.  He explained how the coin turned itself inside out from the tapping.  Betty still didn’t understand but accepted it.  As they were leaving Betty said, “We must stop by and get Ally.”
Arthur listened to her explanation and said, “It would be better if Ally stayed here and listened to things.  Would you ask her to do that for us?”
Arthur told Betty that he would wait for her outside the gate.  She returned to the servant’s quarters and found Ally by the campfire.  She asked, “Would you stay here and watch things for us?”
Ally agreed saying, “Sure, one place is pretty much the same as another.  When will you be back?”
Betty said, “I’m not sure.”  With that she left and headed out the gate.  The guard stopped her and asked where she was going.  Betty replied, “I’ve been sent to get some special stuff for one of the important ones.”
The guard mumbled something about the officers under his breath but opened the gate for her.  She walked straight away from the gate not knowing where Arthur would be.  She was startled when he stepped out and joined her.  They kept up a brisk pace and he commented on her ability to travel quickly.  Betty smiled to herself thinking about how fast the Forest Folk moved but said nothing.  It was nearly dawn before they arrived back at the place Betty was attacked.  She led Arthur around the stable to the small tunnel.  Arthur was somewhat hesitant to enter the tunnel but Betty encouraged him saying, “You fit, my friends will be waiting. 

Chapter 13

Arthur had to lie on his belly and squirm through the narrow opening beneath the wall.  Betty kept encouraging him but the darkness and the very narrowness of the tunnel added to his anxiety.  He was sweating profusely when he finally felt the fresh air on his face as he exited the tunnel.  The darkness was still complete enough that he had only a vague sensation of Betty standing in front of him.  When he stood up Betty took his hand and led the way away from the wall.  They had traveled only a short way down the steep slope before they were joined by another person who announced their presence with a quiet, “Betty, we knew you would make it.”
Betty replied, “This is our new friend Arthur.”
Arthur felt someone take his other hand and start shaking it saying, “A friend of Jason’s is a friend of ours.  My name is Jeremy and I’ll be guiding you to our camp.  One thing though, I’ve been asked to keep you blindfolded.”
Arthur understood the need to doubt his trust, but that didn’t mean he liked it.  He accepted the blindfold and followed along with one hand on Jeremy’s shoulder and Betty holding his other hand.  They continued down the steep slope onto some level ground.  After a half-hour or so of walking he heard the sound of a horse.  Jeremy helped both Jason and Betty to mount the horse.  Jeremy took the reins and began leading them off at the loping run of the hunters.  Arthur just held on and thought about what meeting Jason again would be like.  They traveled for what seemed to be a couple of hours.  The sun was definitely up and Arthur could feel when they were passing by shaded areas.  When they finally stopped Arthur could hear the sounds of a camp.  Jeremy helped him dismount and removed the blind fold.
He was greeted by young woman with blond hair surrounded by those of the forest.  Betty was greeted warmly before the young woman stepped up to him and held out her hand saying, “I am called, Heather of the Northern Palace, and I welcome you to our camp.”
Arthur responded, “I am, Arthur of Dindy, the one you sent for.”
Heather said, “I am sorry for the blindfold but you need not know where we are.  Come, there is one waiting for you.”
Arthur followed Heather to the campfire where he saw Jason.  Now he understood why Betty had giggled when he had asked why Jason had not come himself.  His friend had grown in girth quite dramatically.  Jason looked up from his book when they approached and his face lit up when he saw Arthur.  Jason said, “My friend, I am so glad you came.”
Arthur walked up to Jason and knelt on one knee before him.  Jason responded, “Arthur, we are among those of the forest just come and sit by me.  I would hear your story but first we shall share a meal.”
The simple meal was almost complete when Arthur asked how Jason’s health was.  Jason replied, “Well, as you can see, for the past three years my only joy has been eating and reading my books.  Daniel says that my lack of sacred water also contributed to my weight gain but living with these of the forest sure changes things.  Their idea of travel rations would not have made even a reasonable snack for me.”
“You are feeling better?”
“Arthur, my life again has meaning.  I feel alive, hungry but alive.”
The conversation then revolved around the intrigue of the palace.  Anyone who was thought loyal to Jason or his father had been transferred out of the palace.  It had become a place of rumor and suspicion.  Arthur had been transferred to the least important command in the city and placed under an incompetent commander who had connections in the palace.  Taxes had been raised repeatedly for the building of the bridge and for the war effort.  Nobody was happy except those in the palace.
Jason asked about many individuals only some of which Arthur had been able to keep in contact with.  The old palace guard had maintained contact with each other despite their dispersal.  The political climate with the outlying villages had deteriorated because of the taxes and many rules propagated by Alvin.  The shortage of sacred water even in the city was the greatest problem.  Soldiers were receiving only one-fourth their normal allotment and most citizens were not receiving any at all.  Hard times were upon them.
Jason listened with obvious sadness to Arthur’s report.  He stood up and said, “I have partnered with these of the Forest and formed an alliance with the King of the Northern Kingdom in order to reclaim my throne and restore normal to our land.  I ask you, Arthur, to join with me.”
Arthur arose and with dignity withdrew his sword and offered it to Jason.  Jason accepted the sword and Arthur knelt on one knee before him.  Jason touched him on each shoulder with the sword and said, “Arthur, I accept your pledge of loyalty and confer upon you the position and title of Commander General of the Southern Kingdom.”
With this simple ceremony Jason accepted his role as the rightful King of the Southern Kingdom and established his army to regain his rightful position.  Those of the forest watched the ceremony and knew it was important but only Heather and Elrod understood the full meaning of what had transpired.
Heather led the discussion of possible military actions.  She told Arthur that the siege was about to begin.  It was her hope that the destruction and killing of the siege could be prevented.  They would need to destroy Alvin and his power structure from within.  She needed to know what resources Arthur could command.
Arthur said, “The old Palace Guard can be reassembled within a few days.  I will need to take direct command of the Southern Defense Section and we will build on it.  Most of the officers in the Southern and the Eastern Sections are people who were loyal and forced into positions without authority.  Those in command are incompetent and we will simply replace them.”
Heather asked, “If we maintain the element of surprise how difficult will a direct assault on the palace be?”
Arthur explained that the palace was a miniature walled city within the main city.  It was fortified and heavily defended.  There was only one gate leading into the palace and it was powerfully built.  Even with the element of surprise the assault would be difficult and costly.
Daniel spoke up saying, “I can help with the gate.  I have enough powder for a small explosion.”
Arthur asked, “Is this the magic you used to destroy the great bridge?”
Daniel replied, “It is what I used.  The quality of the powder is not ideal but it should be sufficient.”
Arthur said, “I would know more of your powder.  If you can bring down the gate, my troops will be able to regain the palace.  I am not sure we will be able to maintain control if the remaining defense sections turn upon us.”
Heather said, “My father’s army will keep them occupied.  We will need to coordinate our attacks.”
The planning went on through the day.  An envoy was sent to the northern army asking them to postpone the start of the siege for four more days and to begin the siege immediately on first light.  Arthur would return and claim command of his defense district.  They would allow him two days to organize his troops before they entered the city.  Concern was raised about finding a tunnel suitable for Jason but Arthur insisted that the King would return through the gate.  The moon would rise two hours after sunset and they would be ready at the gate.  From the southern gate they would go directly to the military camp under cover of darkness.  Jason’s presence would be kept as secret as possible.
Heather insisted that Arthur take time for some sleep prior to departing.  It was approaching midnight before he left being guided again by Jeremy.  Those of the forest were preparing for the new phase of their war.  Everyone was instructed to rest but the anticipation made resting difficult at best.  The traders agreed to stay behind with the priest and maintain their camp.  The hunters worked to perfect their bows and supply of arrows.  Elrod and Betty worked on a project which they kept secret.  It was not until they were leaving for the gate that they presented Heather with their creation.  They had made her a traditional fighting cape out of the materials and colors used by those of the forest.  When she donned the cape she appeared to be truly a warrior of the Forest.
Heather was not willing to put her full trust into the plan.  She sent Jeremy and Randy ahead to penetrate into the city and observe the gate from within.  If there any concerns she would not enter.  They would respond with the sound of the owl if it appeared safe.  Jeremy offered to check out the tavern but Heather thought it would be best if they accomplished their mission first.
Heather was accompanied by her small army of less than a hundred men along with Betty and Elrod.  They traveled as a loose pod keeping Jason in the center.  There was little cover near the gate.  Heather did not feel comfortable being exposed with only the cover of darkness separating them from the arrows and catapults of the defenders.  As the moon began to rise she waited for the safety call.  The moon was clearly visible before the gate began to open and she heard the call of the owl.  She moved her troops quickly through the gate.  They were met by a junior officer who asked them to follow.  They worked their way through the deserted streets to the army camp.
They had no sooner entered the camp when Betty went off to find Ally.  Everyone in the servants’ section was asleep except for one figure next to the campfire.  Betty approached and said softly, “Ally is that you?”
Ally responded, “It’s me.  I heard we were getting guests tonight and I figured it meant you were coming back.”
“Come be with me and my friends.”
“Are you sure they want someone old like me?”
“Ally they know you helped me.  We want you to be with us.”
Ally picked up her small pack and they rejoined the rest of the hunters who were setting up camp on the parade grounds.  Betty and Ally began helping Daniel set up his tent.  When he found out whom Ally was he said, “We owe you much for helping our Betty.  Your treatment of her burn was excellent.  I am glad you are joining our camp.”
Ally just nodded in response to the complement but her face was a glow with happiness and her posture was much more erect.  Betty asked Ally what had been going on.  Ally responded, “Lots of the important ones were locked up in a building.  The one you called Arthur seems to be in charge now.  Everyone is busy and there’s lots of work for us little ones.”
The camp was set up with Jason in the center.  Arthur arrived with two of his lieutenants to discuss their plans.  Heather, with Daniel, joined them.  Arthur presented his basic plan of first completing the takeover of the Eastern Camp during the upcoming late afternoon.  When the loyalists, from the two camps were joined, they would march to the palace arriving just before dawn.  If Daniel was successful in destroying the gate the siege would be brief.  If they needed to attack the fortifications directly it would be much more costly but they would prevail.
Heather listened as Jason and Arthur discussed the defenses of the palace.  She was having trouble formulating a clear picture of the palace and said, “I would see this palace before the attack.”
Arthur objected that they had no time for a special scouting mission.  She replied, “I mean not to disrupt your planning.  It sounds as if we may be able to position those of the Forest on the high wall you described.  With archers occupying this advantage the defenders will be sorely challenged.”
Again Arthur objected, “How would you place your men on the wall?”
Jason interjected, “Your Jeremy may be able to scale the wall.  It is built of bigger stones than the Summer Palace.  Having archers positioned on the high wall would be much to our advantage.”
Arthur asked, “You would have your men climb the high wall?”
Heather responded, “I need to see the wall.”
Daniel spoke up saying, “I would see the gate.”
Arthur said, “We of the Southern Kingdom do not appear as you do.  You must not show yourselves during daylight.  My uncle has a house not far from the palace; he has sought refuge in the village of his mother.  You could seek cover there.”
The planning went on but Heather could not contribute much because she did not understand their target.  When the planning session ended and Arthur prepared to depart she said, “Can you provide us a guide?”
Arthur said, “You will need to leave soon.  I will have Samuel guide you.  He is a trusted soldier and knows the way of the city.  I will seek you out when we arrive tomorrow night.”
Heather finished her planning by giving instructions to Elrod, “Keep Jason in the center of the camp at all times and allow no one to approach except Arthur.  When you travel tomorrow night do the same.  We will join again on the next night.”
Heather and Daniel prepared to leave and were joined by Jeremy who said, “Figured I had better come along.  Somebody needs to look after you two.”
Heather had to agree that having Jeremy along made sense but when Betty and Ally arrived she was adamant that they should stay behind.  Betty said, “I think you should take us.  Ally knows the palace.  She worked there until the new ones decided she was too old and sold her.”
Daniel and Jeremy supported the idea and Heather finally agreed.  Samuel arrived.  He seemed too old to be a soldier but his gait was still lively and his eyes clear.  The brief introductions were made and they headed off towards the palace.  They stayed mostly to the side streets and alleys.  It was several hours of walking before they arrived at the small stone house in the trader’s district.  The first hint of dawn was showing to the east.  The one problem they hadn’t considered was that the house was locked.  Houses were not locked in the forest and the palace of the Northern Kingdom was always guarded so locks were unnecessary.  Samuel solved the problem by using a small metal pick to work the lock and open the door.  They stayed just inside the door until the daylight developed enough for them to explore the house without a light.  The house was vacant and the small bedroom upstairs provided a clear view of the palace.  
They watched the city around them come gradually to life.  Many had fled the city but most had no place to flee.  These were the ones who would suffer the most from the siege.  Daniel’s fatigue was still an issue and Heather insisted on a period of rest.  When they awoke it was midday.  They found Samuel and Jeremy discussing the need to explore the wall.  Jeremy was insisting he needed to examine the stonework more closely to see if it allowed adequate toe and finger holds.  Samuel was adamant that he was ordered to keep them hidden.
Heather said, “Jeremy of Issip, much depends on your ability to scale the wall.  Can you not plan your ascent from here and wait to explore the wall until darkness?”
Jeremy responded, “What you suggest is reasonable but it would be better if I had something to do.  I don’t suppose visiting one of the local taverns would be a good idea.”
Heather had to smile at Jeremy’s suggestion and said, “Perhaps it would be better if you helped Daniel figure a way of inspecting the gate.”
Jeremy perked up and said, “We could try the bear routine again.”
Heather just rolled her eyes upwards and Daniel told Samuel, “It is a long story which will have to wait until later.  My friend’s suggestion of a diversion has some merit.”
They watched out the windows as people passed by the palace.  An elderly man walked very slowly to the market area with the help of a half brain.  Daniel said, “If I were like one of age nobody would notice me.”
Heather said quietly, “It would be a risk but if you can look like the one of age it would work.”
Now Jeremy had something to do.  He rummaged through the clothes left in the house.  He and Daniel were like boys again playing dress up.  Daniel found boots that were too small for his feet which made him walk with a definite limp.  He used a walking stick and practiced walking hunched over with a cape pulled tightly around him.  They smudged his face and hair with ashes.  Betty found the project entertaining and giggled frequently with the playacting.  Samuel was the critic demanding perfection in the costume.  Ally volunteered to be the servant.  An old man and an old servant should be ignored.
They waited until the sun was casting shadows and moved quietly out the door.  They moved slowly with Daniel limping and hunched over his walking stick.  Ally carried an old basket and helped support Daniel.  As they crossed in front of the palace Daniel stopped to rest and look at the gate.  A rider approached and entered the tunnel leading to the gate.  They opened the heavy metal and wood gate inward.  It appeared to be hinged on both the top and bottom by metal rods secured in the stones themselves.  Other horses were approaching and Daniel continued his way across the access road.  One of the riders yelled at him, “Get out of the way, you old fool!”
When they were safely across Daniel asked Ally who the people were who sat along the road leading to the gate.  Ally said, “They are the beggars.  They come every morning but I don’t know where they go at night.”
They again began moving back across the access road but even closer to the opening of the tunnel.  The tunnel itself was just large enough for a large wagon and was almost one hundred feet long.  The upper section of the tunnel merged into the defense wall of the palace itself.  Daniel was pretty sure that the entire tunnel had defense positions built into it.  The beggars sat against the walls with most concentrated at the two ends of the tunnel.  The heavy gate was operated by some mechanism protected within the stone structure.  Daniel stopped to rest and watched another rider approach the gate.  A guard stepped out from an opening in the stone.  He spoke with the rider for a minute before pulling on something which caused a bell to chime.  The gate began opening.
Daniel and Ally continued their journey making there were slowly back across the roadway.  They disappeared into the side streets and made their way back to the house.  They were no sooner inside the house when Daniel began taking off the boots saying, “How can anyone wear these things?”
Heather who had been watching his slow torturous approach laughingly said, “Maybe if they were your boots they wouldn’t be so bad.  I had no idea I was married to such an old decrepit man.”
Jeremy chimed in, “You’re really good as an old man.  No wonder, I’m always having to wait for you.”
Daniel tried to explain how he had watched old people walking so he could figure out how to make it easier for them.  But when he pretended he was one with feet that hurt and a back that was bent he ended up walking just like they did.
Jeremy listened to this explanation but rejected it saying, “No, I think you’re just naturally good at being old.  Me, I’m going to concentrate on being good at being young.”
Heather interrupted the banter by asking, “What did you learn?”
“It appears the approach is well fortified and the gate quite strong.  I expect Arthur is right, destroying the gate with a ram will be difficult and very costly.  Beggars are allowed right outside the gate.  I think by pretending to be one of the beggars I can get close enough with my powder to at least jam the gate open.  Timing will be an issue.”
Jeremy spoke up asking, “How will you protect yourself from the effects of the powder?  I remember the first time we were successful.”
“I will need to use a candle like we did in the tower to delay the powder.  But it must not be so long that the gate closes.  There are some archery positions along the wall which would offer some shelter.  I think I will be okay.”
Heather asked, “Can no one else take this risk besides you?”
Daniel reached over and took Heather’s hand and said, “No, my love.  Handling the powder is difficult and I would not trust anyone else.  It is my responsibility.”
Jeremy changed the subject by saying, “I think the darkness has developed enough to explore the high wall.  Does anyone else want to practice climbing?”
Heather thought of the times those of the forest guided her up cliffs in the darkness.  She said, “I know not how you work your magic on the cliffs but I would think you are safest without us.  I would have Samuel go with you as a lookout.  Please be careful.”
Jeremy had obviously been checking and rechecking his climbing gear because with barely another comment he and Samuel were out the door.  Heather said, “Your friend does not do well in doors with nothing to do.”
Daniel replied, “When we were younger, Jeremy was always taking me on adventures.  His favorite thing has always been climbing.  If anyone of the forest can climb this palace wall it will be Jeremy.  And you even gave him a reason to do it.”
They sat together in the darkness and just enjoyed each other.  Several hours passed before the door opened and Jeremy’s excited voice could be heard.  He was explaining his climbing technique to Samuel, who did his best to try and follow the explanations forthcoming.  Daniel asked, “How did it go?”
Jeremy said, “It’s a great climb.  The first part is technically difficult because of the size of the rocks.  Maneuvering around the largest rocks was a challenge.  The middle portion was easy.  The upper section was tougher, the builders became much more precise with the smaller stones and for a while I wasn’t sure if I would be able to scale the upper section.  It was tough to find toeholds and there wasn’t anywhere to tie off and rest.  I ended up standing on the upper edge of a window just to let the aching go out of my hands and feet.”
“You did make it?”
“Of course.  As long as no one discovers the rope I tied off we’re all set.  I did work up an appetite.  Don’t suppose a visit to the tavern would be acceptable?”
Heather said, “I think the tavern will need to wait another day.  Some travel rations and a few hours sleep is the best we can do for now.”
It seemed like Daniel had just closed his eyes when he heard Samuels soft voice saying, “It is time we met with Arthur’s troops.”
They ate a small meal in the darkness and began retracing their way back through the city.  After an hour they came to the appointed meeting site.  It was an old church which was in poor repair.  They waited only a short while before troops began arriving.  Those of the forest came shortly thereafter with Jason riding in the center of them.  Jason’s army had disbursed for their movement through the city.  No call of alarm had yet been raised.  While the soldiers continued to assemble, Heather met with Arthur and Jason.  Their battle plans were finalized.  Jeremy would lead forty of the best archers amongst the hunters to the top of the wall where they would remain concealed until the battle began.  Daniel would attempt to destroy the gate of the palace with his remaining powder.  Arthur would have command of the attacking force.
Jason could sense the anguish Heather was feeling with no major responsibilities.  He spoke up saying, “Heather of the Northern Palace, I would have you and your troops be my personal guard.  Our kinship with those of the Forest has united us.  This phase of the battle is best led by those who know the palace well.”
Jason’s quiet logic and his simple request were not to be ignored and Heather replied, “I will honor your request.”
Jason then addressed those assembled.  “I have learned that personal safety is of no value without freedom. The rule of the law is what gives our lives meaning.  Without meaning life has no value.  It is time we returned our land to the rule of law.  I ask your help and your sacrifices so that your families can be freed from this tyrant.  We must return normal to our land.”
With Jason’s short speech their attack was launched by first sending Jeremy and the others of the forest to the high wall.  They were given two hours to secure their positions.  The battle ram was in transit and would arrive about one-half hour after sunrise.  This gave Daniel one-hour from the time of the first light to destroy the gate.  If he was not successful a frontal assault would be used.  Arthur suggested Jason remain in the church but Jason refused saying, “I am not a warrior and will not impede your progress by leading the charge but I will participate.  My guard and I will bring up the rear and secure it.”
Daniel began working with his powder.  It was less than a half cask.  He covered the powder with a piece of paper through which he threaded a waxed string.  He brought the string out the top of the cask.  The string would take about five minutes to burn down through the paper and ignite the powder.  The burning string would be concealed inside the cask.  Once lit, he had five minutes to find safety.
Daniel left with Samuel as his guide.  They work their way back to the palace gate area.  The first hint of color was showing in the eastern sky when Daniel forced his feet into the tight fitting boots.  He began limping slowly towards the gate.  He carried the cask in a basket covered by a small rug.  Once he entered the security tunnel leading to the gate the darkness increased.  He lost his reference to the stars and could only see the glow of the guards’ light ahead of him.  He stayed to the left side of the tunnel to avoid any interaction with the guard stationed on the right side of the tunnel.  He had almost reached the gate when sounds of the battle began.  The Northern army’s catapults initiated the attack by hurling large rocks towards the battlements.  The Southern army responded with a return firing of their defense catapults.  These catapults hurled burning oil towards the attacking catapults.  They had the advantage of height.  Messengers began arriving almost immediately on horseback carrying news to the palace.
Daniel methodically spread his small rug out as if to position himself for begging.  The commotion at the gate was ongoing and the old beggar was ignored.  After Daniel had positioned himself he set the basket in front of him and began working on the cask of powder hidden within.  He used his flint and steel to strike a small fire which lit the wax string.  He stood up and stretched before slowly sliding the basket towards the gate hinge.  His movements were slow and unthreatening.  The guard was much too busy to worry about the old man.
Daniel was counting to himself keeping track of his time.  He positioned the basket and moved back to his rug.  He kept shuffling back out the tunnel.  Another beggar had already set up his position.  Daniel whispered, “Come, we must leave immediately!”
The beggar did not respond other than to move his hands about.  Daniel tugged on the beggar’s cape telling him that he must escape.  Daniel’s time was running out so he kept moving at a shuffling gate.  He almost made the outside of the tunnel when a flash of light filled the tunnel which was immediately followed by a loud roar.  Daniel was knocked down by the explosion.  He lay there a moment and collected his thoughts.  Everything seemed to move okay.  He sat up slowly and decided he was no worse for the wear.  He remembered the other beggar and suddenly realized that the hand motions were some sort of sign language.  His concern for the other beggar deepened because he realized his mistake.  The tunnel was filled with smoke but he worked his way back into it looking for the deaf man he had left behind.  Daniel found him lying on the ground where the explosion had knocked him.  Daniel could not see very well because of the dim light and the smoke which made his eyes water and his breathing difficult.  He felt for a pulse on the man’s wrist to no avail.  He then felt the neck and again could detect no pulse.  He laid his ear against the beggar’s chest and felt only the warm sticky sensation of blood against his face.  There was no heartbeat.
The realization that he had caused this innocent man’s death hit Daniel hard.  He instinctively reached up and closed the man’s eyes with his fingers.  The tunnel was now filled with Jason’s soldiers and the sounds of warfare were everywhere.  Daniel sat there holding the man’s head allowing the guilt of his death to encompass him.  He was somewhat used to death but this was different.  This man had died because Daniel hadn’t recognized that he was deaf, he should have identified the hand motions but he was to intent on keeping track of time.  If only he had been more insistent and checked to make sure the man had followed him.  There was really nothing else for Daniel to do so he simply sat and watched the war roll on.  The deaf beggars hand motions seemed so obvious now and he could see their meaning with the clarity of hindsight.
Arthur led the charge through the partially opened gate.  The resistance was initially light because of the confusion Daniel’s explosion had caused.  Arthur’s initial plunge was reinforced with dozens of soldiers before the Southern armies call, “To the gate!” went out and was answered by an outpouring of the palace guards.  They rushed out of barracks and guard posts.  Despite their lack of preparedness their numbers began to push Arthur and his troops back into the tunnel.  Jeremy and the other hunters now became active.  Their first volley of arrows struck the enemy who fell without their comrades knowing why.  This was followed by a second volley aimed at those exiting the barracks.  The falling of their comrades without visible enemies caused those within to hesitate.  Several more volleys of arrows struck the palace guards before they recognized the threat from above.  Their archers were positioned to strike forwards towards the gate and were disadvantaged.  The hunters had the high ground and their arrows were deadly accurate.
The momentum was reversed and Arthur’s troops continued to surge through the open gate.  They began pushing back the palace guards.  The dead were littered across the courtyard and blood stained the stones red.  The intense fighting continued for only an hour.  Arthur’s troops now had established their superiority and the captain of the palace guard finally surrendered.
While the war waged Daniel sat and grieved the death of the innocent man and his involvement.  Daniel’s attention was refocused when the hunters started filling the tunnel.  He heard Heather’s orders before he actually saw her.  She was walking with Jason surrounded by his countrymen.  He forced himself to stand in order to be seen.  Heather was obviously searching for him and quickly spotted him.  She and Jason moved towards him and she said, “Daniel of Issip, we have worried because you came not out of the tunnel.  Are you wounded badly?”
Daniel instinctively began touching his chest which was covered with somewhat dried blood but found no injuries.  He replied, “I seem to be free of wounds.  The blood is of this innocent man who died because of me.  He did not heed my warning and died from the explosion of my powder.  I should have realized he was deaf.”
Heather took his hand saying, “We have need of your services.  You must look after the living first.  We will make sure this man’s death has meaning in victory.  His burial will be honorable.”
Daniel followed along and was soon immersed in the care of the injured and dying.  He treated those wearing the tunic of Jason first only because they were brought to him.  He did his best for all.
Once the courtyard had been secured Arthur set up his defenses to secure their position against a counterattack.  The gate was of no value now having been twisted from its hinges by the force of Daniel’s powder.  They wedged the ram across the entrance of the gate tunnel and had archers positioned at every station.  Once he was satisfied of his ability to defend their position he moved on to the residential building itself.  His troops were engaged in hand-to-hand combat as they drove through the building looking for Alvin.  The building was subdued by midday but Alvin remained unfound.  A white flag was hoisted onto the flagpole adjacent to the flag of Jason.
When the white flag appeared the Army of the Northern Kingdom fell back.  The commander of the Southern Army now approached the palace.  He sent an envoy forward who was met by Samuel.  Samuel delivered the message he had been given by Jason.  The envoy could not help but notice the archers at the ready and the destruction of the gate.  He returned to his commander with the message and his observations.  The Commander withdrew to consider his options.  Jason was demanding a surrender with a pledge of allegiance.  The commander was unsure how Jason had returned but there was no doubt he had control of the well fortified palace and was in communication with the Northern army.  If he, as commander, divided his forces in an attempt to regain the palace almost certainly the Northern army would breach his defenses.  If he did nothing, waiting for word from his King Alvin, the attrition would weaken his army, which would be assaulted on two fronts.  He discussed the situation with his subordinates but the decision would be his.  He decided to postpone the decision until morning.  He hoped King Alvin would appear and give directions.
Jason spent the time consolidating his position.  He had the remnants of his father’s government sought out.  Most of the technocrats had been retired or transferred out of the King’s service.  Those that remained were placed under one of Alvin’s appointees.  Jason was glad when an elderly man stepped forward and offered his service.  He recognized the man as his father senior adviser, Edward of Shilant.  He accepted Edward’s offer and appointed him to the post of King’s adviser.  With Edward’s help the major ministries were given new leadership.  Jason asked about the status of the prisons and was told they were full of people who had crossed paths with Alvin.  Jason directed the minister of justice to begin a review of all those held in the palace prison.
While Jason worked on creating a functioning government Arthur worked to fully secure the palace.  When they located the secret storage site of the sacred water, they sent for Daniel.  When Daniel arrived he found Arthur’s men trying to stem the flow of water from an underground lake.  He tasted the water rushing from the pipe and it was obviously the sacred water.  The attempts at plugging the pipe which had been broken with sledgehammers were mostly futile.  The sacred water was rushing out and into a sewer drain.  Daniel took his cloak off and climbed over the dam.  He jumped into the lake of sacred water and dove underneath the surface.  The salty characteristics of the water made diving difficult and the salt burned his eyes.  He could sense the swirling of the water near the bottom.  There was enough sediment that he could not see the end of the pipe but he could definitely feel it.  He came back up to the surface and asked for something to plug the pipe with.  He was handed a waxed cloth and dove back beneath the surface struggling to reach the bottom.  The pipe was bigger than his hand.  He began stuffing the cloth into the opening.  Whenever he pushed he would float upwards.  He got the cloth partially wedged and had to come up for air.  After a few breaths he dove again and succeeded in stuffing most of the cloth into the pipe.  The water pressure now helped wedge the cloth tightly into the pipe.  The torrent of water was now a trickle.  Daniel climbed down from the dam which had created the Underground Lake.  The soldiers began packing the pipe with more waxed cloth and the lower pressure was now contained.
Daniel dried himself off the best he could and put his cape back on.  He surveyed the situation and realized that probably three-fourths of the sacred water had been wasted.  He wanted to know who had broken the pipe and two young and very scared soldiers were brought forth.  Daniel asked, “Why did you destroy the pipe and waste the sacred water?”
The younger of the two replied, “We were part of the water guard who were entrusted with the protection of the sacred water.  Our orders were very specific to destroy the drainpipe so that the water could not be captured.  We were doing as ordered.”
Daniel wanted to shout at them about the many babies who were going to die because of their action, but instead he turned away.  Tears again filled his eyes partially from the irritation of the sacred water and partially because of the deaths and deformities he could see.
It was well past dark before Daniel finished working with the wounded and sought out Heather.  She had moved into the palace and was acting as Jason’s personal guard.  Daniel entered the palace chamber and without acknowledging anyone slumped into one of the chairs.  When Heather joined him his fatigue was obvious and she said, “You have done enough for today.  You should rest.”
Daniel replied, “The healing of the injured I can handle.  It was the deliberate wasting of the sacred water which has tired me.  There must be a reason, for no sane man would deliberately condemn his own people like this.” 

Chapter 14

The morning meal was no sooner finished when Daniel left to continue his care of the wounded.  Heather took the opportunity to tell Jeremy about Daniel’s grief from the accidental death of the beggar.  Jeremy responded, “When I took Daniel hunting and he shot his first deer, he suffered great anguish.  He wanted to heal the deer not kill it.  He knew how necessary it was to manage the deer herd and supply food to the villages but he couldn’t handle the killing of the animals.”
Heather asked, “What did you do to help him recover?”
“Nothing, Daniel was quieter than normal for a while.  One day he told me that he would work on becoming a healer and he would leave the hunting to me.  He seemed fine after that.”
“Do you think there’s anything we can do to help him now?”
Jeremy said, “I think we just need to let him stew in his melancholy for a bit.  He’ll be okay.”
Heather wasn’t sure what else she could do to help Daniel so she decided to follow Jeremy’s advice.  She tried helping him with his healing but she did not handle the sight and smells of surgery.  She returned to work with Jason on setting up his government and securing the palace.
The war was at a standstill.  Alvin was still missing.  The northern army had retreated just beyond the reach of the city’s weapons.  The commander of Alvin’s army had not yet reached his decision.  Heather was impatient.  She finally used the time to ask Jason about the church’s charge of blasphemy against Daniel.  Jason listened to the story, and when Heather finished said, “In this kingdom blasphemy is a crime against the old law.  During my exile I tried reading the old law and realized that our modern interpretation seems to differ from the actual law.  I would suggest that you take time to learn the old law and base your defense on the actual law not on a modern interpretation.”
Jason got up and led the way to the library.  He searched through several volumes before finding the one that dealt with treatment of the half brains and the use of the sacred water.  Heather tried reading the ancient texts but was frustrated by the word usage and the flowery script.  She gave up when her head began to hurt from the strain.  She decided to send for the young Priest who had accompanied them on their journey.  With his memory and skill with the ancient scrolls he would be the one to make sense of the old law.
The day drew to a close with no word from the Southern Commander.  Arthur had secured most of the southern and eastern portions of the city.  Alvin’s army controlled the northern and Western sections.  The northern army was camped outside these walls ready to continue the attack.  They discussed their options.  Heather was unhappy with the wait and preferred early action to end the stalemate.  Jason was content to use whatever time necessary to obtain a diplomatic solution.  Arthur took the middle ground and they decided, based on his counsel, to wait until midday following.  He, like Heather, was concerned that Alvin was planning some sort of counterattack.
Jason said, “My cousin always liked playing in the tunnels of the Palace.  I’m sure he had a secret escape route.  I would suppose he has escaped to the countryside.  We will find him eventually.  For now I would like to establish the peace and return our kingdom to normal.”
The evening meal was almost festive.  Things were returning to normal.  Jason had Daniel and Heather moved into one of the staterooms.  It had been so long since either of them had slept in a soft bed with a warm fire that sleep was delayed but only for a short while.  When they awoke in the morning the sky had cleared and they were greeted by a red glowing sunrise outside their window.  Daniel touched Heather’s still short hair which was almost glowing in the morning light.  He said, “Well, Heather of the northern Palace, what will the day bring?  Peace or war?”
“Daniel of Issip, I know not.  I do know that my love for you grows by the day.”
The morning meal was interrupted by a messenger who reported an envoy from Alvin’s Army was at the gate tunnel.  Jason said, “Escort him to the throne room.  I would hear his report there.”
They finished their meal and proceeded to the throne room.  Heather thought Jason looked like a King sitting on the throne with the Cape of this family across his shoulders.  The envoy was brought forward and he bowed low before Jason.  Jason said, “Stand and speak your message.”
The envoy said, “Sir, I bring a message from our new commander, Steven of Alue.  He sends news that our former commander was unable to change allegiance to a new King and chose death by his own sword.  Our new commander wishes to accept your offer of service.”
Jason replied, “Return to your commander, Steven of Alue, and report that the throne will accept his pledge of loyalty and service this afternoon, one-hour after midday.  He may be accompanied by a guard of his choosing.”
The envoy bowed low again and turned smartly about, retracing his steps.  Guards escorted him from the throne room entrance back through the gate tunnel.  Jason asked for opinions.  Arthur said, “I know this Steven.  He is a competent and honorable soldier.”
Heather was concerned regarding the death of the former commander.  Jason explained, “Our culture places a great emphasis on honor.  A pledge of loyalty is not easily turned aside even if you do not agree with the policies of the one to whom you pledged your loyalty.  He will be given a military funeral with full honors for he did choose the only course which was truly honorable.”
Arrangements were made for the upcoming ceremony.  Daniel was a bit overwhelmed by the planned ceremony and hid by returning to his work with the injured.  He didn’t understand the protocols of court and preferred doing what he did best.  When he stopped for a midday meal everyone seemed to have already dressed for the upcoming ceremony.  Heather looked both beautiful and fearsome in her fighting cape.  When Heather asked him if he was changing he replied, “I am of the Forest, what would you have me change into?”
Heather smiled and said, “I was hoping that you would change into clothes without so much evidence of your work.”
Daniel looked at his smock and realized that there were a lot of bloodstains present.  He replied, “I would prefer to hide in my work, but if it is your wish that I attend this ceremony, I will.”
“Daniel of Issip, you are a hero and have saved much death and destruction.  Others wish to have you present to show their gratitude.  It would be best if you attended.”
“I will change.”
When Daniel returned everyone had already assembled in the throne room.  He entered the room and stood in the rear next to one of the pillars.  Jason had seen him arrive and motioned for him to come forward.  Daniel either did not see Jason’s gesture or refused to respond.  Heather finally walked to the back of the throne room and asked Daniel to come forward.  He said, “I would be more comfortable here.”
Heather explained, “You must allow Jason to show his gratitude by giving you a position of honor.”
“I see Jeremy and some other hunters to the side; can I not just join them?”
“Daniel of Issip, you must trust me on this.  It is important for the peace of our lands for you to accept this honor.”
Without further complaint Daniel moved to the front.  He stood at Heather side, who in turn stood next to the throne.  Jason acknowledged Daniel but further conversation was interrupted by a trumpet announcing the arrival of Steven.  The doors were opened and a middle-aged soldier dressed in formal uniform entered the space.  He was followed by ten more junior officers all dressed in formal uniform.  He proceeded to the step below the throne and bowed from the waist and said, “I am Steven of Alue.  I have come to pledge my service and loyalty to you, King Jason, and the throne upon which you sit.”
With that he withdrew his sword and extended it as he knelt on one knee before Jason.  Jason accepted the sword and laying the flat of the sword on first his right shoulder and then the left Jason said, “I accept your pledge of loyalty.  This pledge binds you to uphold the rule of the law and the throne as created by the law.”
The ceremony was repeated for the junior officers as a group.  A military conference was held immediately thereafter.  Steven reported on the status of his troops.  Arthur received his report and said, “It will be good to work with you in restoring the rule of law.  Have your troops maintain their defense positions until we have completed peace negotiations with the northern army.”
Everyone became quiet when Jason spoke saying, “I would have an envoy sent to the army of the North inviting them to a peace council.”  He looked at Heather and continued, “I would be honored if you, Heather of the Northern Palace, would accept this position as my envoy.”
Heather responded, “I have pledged my services as your personal guard.  I will accept this new responsibility.”
“You’re responsibility as my personal guard has been fulfilled now that peace is being restored and you are relieved of this duty.  I will complete the terms of the invitation and would like it delivered after the first light tomorrow.  I will provide horses for you and your guard.”
Heather responded with a simple bow saying, “I will go by foot with some of mine from the Forest.”
Steven and his officers were sent back to complete the transition from an army of Alvin to an army of the law and throne under Jason, their new King.  Business was now centered on restoring the function of the government and the return to the rule of the law.  Daniel was by now quite bored and took the first opportunity of asking Heather if it would be appropriate for him to return to his work.  Heather said, “Our task here is completed.  I will walk with you.”
When they were out of the throne room Daniel asked, “Why was it important for us to be there?”
Heather explained, “Our being there demonstrated an alliance between Jason and those of the Forest.  This strengthened Jason’s position amongst his own people.  It also gave him the opportunity of honoring us for our assistance.  I know these court proceedings are a lot to do about little but it is how our governments function.”
The evening meal was even more festive than the previous night.  Stories were told of ancient tales and more recent happenings.  When Jeremy rose to tell the story of the falling of the great trade bridge everyone was spellbound.  Daniel listened with as much interest as everyone else.  It was like watching the events from on high.  He was able to understand more clearly what they had accomplished when he listened as if through the ears of those of the Southern Kingdom.  When the story was completed the toast was raised not for the destruction of the bridge but for the story itself.  Arthur then turned to Daniel and said, “Sir, with this knowledge you possess you may be the most powerful person in the whole world.”
Daniel for a moment said nothing before replying, “I am simply a healer from the Forest.  I did what was needed.”
The stories went on as evening wore on.  Daniel was obviously shaken by Arthur’s comment and seemed far away for the rest of the evening.  Only in privacy did he discuss the matter further with Heather.  He was not happy with the concept saying, “I have no desire for power.  I would wish only that peace be returned.”
Heather replied, “It is best for everyone that the power your knowledge represents is held by someone who doesn’t want it.  Arthur has good military insight and what he says is true.  Come, Daniel of Issip, the night is getting late and morning will be here soon enough.”
When morning came Heather dressed in the leggings of the north and a sweater that those of the palace had found for her.  When she added her fighting cape and boots of Forest design the mixture was complete.  They shared breakfast with Jason.  Heather sat with her back to an eastern window and the morning sun radiated off of hair.  Daniel thought her beauty was more evident than ever and his thoughts were shared by everyone at the table.  As the meal was finished a scroll was brought forth in an elaborately decorated box.  Jason said, “Heather of the northern Palace, take this invitation to the King of the Northern Kingdom.  Tell him it is our desire to restore peace and the rule of law to all lands.”
Heather stood and received the box.  She bowed to Jason saying, “I will deliver your invitation.”
Heather left the room accompanied by a dozen of her hunters.  She had insisted that Daniel accompany her despite his protest that he had work to do.  They were preceded by an escort of Arthur’s troops.  When they arrived at the Northern gate a sentry called out their presence and the massive gate was slowly opened with much grinding and creaking.  Heather and her small honor guard left the other troops behind and walked through the gate and the access tunnel.  The darkness of the tunnel was in sharp contrast to the bright light visible outside.  As they entered the outdoors everyone took a deep breath.  Heather realized how much freer she felt outdoors when Jeremy said, “I feel fully able to breath again.  The city closed around me too much.”
They proceeded on, not marching as a traditional honor guard, but with the loose structure of those of the Forest.  There were in no hurry and matched their gait to Heather’s, which was now much faster than she had ever believed possible.  The northern army had retreated to their defense position which was almost two hours away.  When she arrived at the camp of the northern army, the sentries again announced her arrival.  Their loose structure was in contrast to the formal entrance provided them by her father.  Two columns of soldiers with pendants flying from their spears guided them to her father’s tent.  Their arrival was announced with the sounding of a horn.
Her father came out dressed in his polished military attire.  Hugging him while he was dressed in leathers and armor was just not the same.  He apologized for the formal attire by saying, “I was not sure if you would be the envoy.  I had to be prepared for a standard formal state function.”  He welcomed Daniel his new son-in-law warmly with a handshake and half hug.
Heather and Daniel were brought into the King’s tent which was actually a large meeting tent combined with his personal quarters.  A small fire had warmed the tent.  The King excused himself and changed into more comfortable clothing.  When he returned he was dressed in clothes more fitting for travel.  They sat and were served tea with small biscuits.  The King wished first to hear how they were doing and only after he assured himself that they were well, did he ask about the Peace Council.  Heather handed him the box Jason had given her.
The King opened the box and unrolled the official scroll within.  The first portion was the customary official verbiage.  The next portion was Jason’s request for the Peace Council.  The third section concerned the specific points of negotiations.  The King said, “Jason’s proposals seem acceptable but I must have my administrative assistant review them.  Until they are done let me hear of your adventures.”
Heather did most of the talking bringing her father up-to-date.  The missing Alvin was a concern that they discussed.  The King had Daniel explained in detail how he destroyed the palace gate.  He, like Arthur, was much impressed with Daniel’s powder.  When they had finished their part of the story, Daniel asked the King how he had been.  He replied, “It would seem that most of the adventures have been yours.  I have performed what was necessary as King and commander of our army.  Now I wish for this business to be over and return to my home.”
They were served the midday meal and talked about more personal things.  It was late afternoon before the King’s assistant had prepared a response to Jason’s invitation.  The King read it and signed his name to the bottom.  The reply was carefully rolled and placed back into the box.  As Heather and Daniel prepared to leave the King said, “I am looking forward to those times when we can be together as a family.”
Heather reached up and gave her father a long hug saying, “I too wish this.”
The King turned to Daniel and gave him a fatherly hug saying, “Take care of my daughter and enjoy life.”
Daniel replied, “Sir, I do my best but caring for your daughter is a challenge.  I too am looking forward to an end of these hard times.  I wish you good health and a long life.”
Daniel and Heather were met outside the tent by the remainder of their troop who had been entertained by the King’s guards.  They began their return trip as the sun settled in the west.  Darkness was almost complete when they arrived back at the great gate of the southern walled city.  The sentry had been watching for them and their arrival was announced with a lone horn.  The gate creaked open and they entered the city.  Jason’s troops were waiting and escorted them back to the palace.  They went immediately to the throne room where they waited as Jason finished with his advisers.  He called them forward and asked for their report.
Heather said, “Your invitation was well received.  My father’s advisers have made some suggestions for change.  The biggest issue would seem to be provisioning the northern army for the remainder of the winter.  The pass is now closed and the army cannot return until late spring.”
Jason replied, “I had not considered the problem of winter provisions.  I am sure we can help.  Having the northern army around for a while gives us more time to locate and capture Alvin.  Yes, I’m sure we can solve this issue.  Now it is time to prepare for dinner.”
As Daniel and Heather walked back to the room he said, “Seems like we do a lot of eating and not much work.  The walk today felt wonderful.”
“You mean, you didn’t mind spending the day with me?”
Daniel swept her up in his arms and spun her around saying, “Heather of the Northern Palace, I treasure every moment I spend with you.  But you remind me that I must check on the wounded before we eat.  I’ll only be a few minutes.”
Daniel’s few minutes turned into many minutes and they arrived late for dinner.  As they sat down Jeremy said, “The newlyweds have finally arrived.  It’s a good thing we waited not to eat, they must have had more important things to do than eat.”
Heather said nothing and Daniel merely said, “My help was needed.  I’m sorry we’re late.”
There was plenty of food left for a good meal and soon Daniel and Heather were joining in the evening of storytelling.  When it was Daniel’s turn to tell a story, Arthur wanted to hear of how he made the powder.  Instead Daniel told of crossing the icefield.  When he described how blue the ice crevice was, and how it reminded him of Heather’s eyes, Jeremy interrupted him saying, “Nice, maybe your lady will forgive you now for making her late to dinner.”
After the laughter and settled down, Daniel continued his story.  It was hard for those of the Southern Kingdom to imagine a world of ice.  Daniel did his best to dramatize how he felt crossing the snow bridge.  When he finished the story he was toasted and Jason asked, “Is this the world of ice they talk about in the old times?”
Daniel answered with a shrug of the shoulders and upturned hands.  The stories went on and the evening became late.  Jeremy would have continued all night but Daniel was tired and he and Heather asked to be excused.  As they walked back to their room Heather said, “I’m not angry that your work made us late.”
Daniel squeezed her hand saying, “I know, but we must let Jeremy have some fun.  And the color of the ice did remind me of your eyes.”
It was two more days of negotiations before the invitation was finalized.  The palace was a beehive of activity preparing for the formal Peace Council and the presence of the King from the Northern Kingdom.  Daniel ignored as much of the official goings-on as he could.  He had plenty of work with the wounded.  Betty kept pestering him for fittings of some new clothes she was making him for the upcoming ceremonial dinner.  Daniel knew his clothes were somewhat ragged but they were his.  Betty and Ally worked to create formal attire in the fashion of the Forest.  Heather thought he looked wonderful but Daniel felt somewhat uncomfortable wearing the fine clothes.  Heather enjoyed wearing a combination of clothes from her homeland, the Southern Kingdom and the Forest.  Her new attire was a blend of all three styles.
The celebration was held in the throne room.  Daniel and Heather were seated towards the head of the long table which filled the whole room.  Daniel wasn’t sure why they were assigned their seats.  Heather tried to explain how the seating was based on official rank but Daniel objected saying that those of the Forest had no ranking.  Heather replied, “The ranking may be artificial but it gives structure to the function.  And structure is important for the operation of our governments.”
“I know your governments have lots of rules but why do we have to sit upfront?”
“We’re being honored for the roles we played in bringing peace to our lands.”
“I would rather sit in the back with Jeremy and be inconspicuous.”
Their conversation was interrupted by the sound of a horn.  Everyone rose while a crier announced the arrival of the Kings.  They watched as Heather’s father and Jason entered the hall from opposite doorways.  Both were dressed in regal finery.  They met at the head of the table and bowed slightly to each other before turning towards the assembled.  Jason opened the dinner by saying, “Tonight we celebrate the victory of peace and the return of normal to our lands.”
Heather’s father said, “I celebrate with you this victory over the evil which had descended upon us all.  I pledged to work with Jason, the rightful King of this kingdom, to return normal to all of our lands.”
When the Kings sat down the entire assembly sat.  Nobody touched the wine or bread in front of them until a horn sounded and the crier announced, “Make way for the beef!”
Accompanied by musical fanfare the chef began a ceremonial parade of a roasted beef roast.  He stopped before the Kings and sliced two pieces of the roast giving one to each of the Kings.  Jason tasted his sample to prove it was safe before Heather’s father tasted his and nodded his approval to Jason.  Jason accepted the approval announcing, “The beef is fit to eat.”
A general cheer went up from those assembled and the meal was begun.  Servers appeared and plates were filled.  The wine glasses were never allowed to be empty.  Conversation was difficult because of the general noise level created by everyone talking at once with the music playing in the background.  After the multicourse meal had been eaten, Jason arose saying, “I would propose a toast to the King of the Northern Kingdom for his efforts and trust in returning our lands to a state of peace.”
Everyone stood and toasted the King.  While they were still standing Heather’s father rose too much cheering.  He said, “A toast to Jason, the rightful King of your kingdom.  May he rule long and well.”
After the cheering had subsided Jason again raised his glass saying, “A toast to Heather of the Northern Palace, a beautiful warrior who has made peace possible.”
Heather arose to much cheering.  She raised her glass saying, “A toast to those of the Forest who sacrificed so much for peace.”
The cheer went up again and everyone turned to Daniel.  He said, “We of the Forest have only done what was necessary.  I propose a toast to Betty and her friend Ally for they are the ones who have made the celebration possible.”
Everyone turned to the end of the table where the two half brains sat by themselves at a small table placed at the end of the grand table.  They meekly stood up and bowed.  The cheer began with those of the Forest and was joined by everyone else.  The toasting went on until Daniel was sure everyone in the entire kingdom had been toasted.  He had started tipping his glass and just wetting his lips with each toast because his head was already swimming from the wine.
Jason stood and said, “It is time for stories.  I would ask Jeremy of the Forest to tell the tale of my rescue.”  As attention was turned to Jeremy a delicious dessert was served.  A brewed beverage was offered but most preferred to continue with the wine.  Jeremy’s tale was interrupted frequently with laughter and applause.  When he finished Jason stood and said, “When this tall skinny young man told me to climb out the window and trust myself to that thin rope I had no second thoughts.  My imprisonment had taught me the true value of freedom and the rule of law.  I pledged tonight to honor that memory by staying true to the rule of the law.”
Everyone rose and cheered Jason. 
Heather’s father requested that they hear the story of the destruction of the great catapults.  Heather rose saying, “It is a long story and without much interest.”  When the protest from those assembled assured her they wanted to hear the story she said, “If you would hear the story it should be from one with some ability to speak.  I would ask that Elrod, who we know as, the guard whose wife is named Martha, tell the story.”
Elrod came from near the end of the table and began the tale.  He was surprisingly concise as he described their journey.  When he was talking of the storm Jason turned to Heather and said, “This reminds me, there is one in our prison who has asked to see you, he calls himself Captain John.  He was arrested as a smuggler.  Could he be the same man?”
Heather replied, “It could be.  I would meet with him.”
Elrod did a good job of painting the general picture of their adventures without too much detail.  It was a good tale, well told but without quite as much humor as the story told by Jeremy.  When he finished he was given a cheer.  He pointed to Heather and said, “She is the warrior.  I merely tell the story.”  People began pounding on the table until Heather took a bow.
The stories continued; tales of ancient times as well as recent times.  When the celebration was finally brought to a close the hour was late.  Daniel and Heather retired to their room.  Jeremy and others continued their stories in the dining hall.  Daniel had to admit that he enjoyed himself despite all the rules for the celebration.  Daniel’s head was swimming from the wine he had consumed.  The warm bed felt good and both were soon asleep.
Daniel awoke suddenly because of a nightmare he was having.  He was again in the dark tunnel and the deaf man had come to him and was using his hands frantically trying to tell Daniel something.  Daniel lay there with his eyes open trying to relax.  He kept telling himself that it was only dream.  As he lay their motionless he noticed some movement in the pale moonlight coming through the window.  A shadow was moving towards Heather.  At first he thought it was another dream.  But dream or not, he needed to react.  He called out, “Who are you?”
The shadow turned towards Daniel.  Daniel recognized the flash of a sword and rolled out of bed with the sword just missing his neck.  Heather was instantly awake and she too rolled out of bed and grasped her sword.  Before the intruder could raise his sword again, Heather had hers unsheathed.  The intruder’s next attack was against Heather who was kneeling.  She countered his blow and forced herself upright.  The attacker lunged at her and she again deflected his thrust.  Her counter thrust was deadly and pierced the intruder through the chest.  As the intruder fell to the ground they heard a cry from down the hall.  Heather exclaimed, “My father!”
Heather’s nightgown flowed behind her and she ran through the hallway to her father’s room with her sword at the ready.  She opened the door and entered crouched in the attack position.  In the dim moonlight she saw a figure crouched down over another body.  She asked, “Father, are you all right?”
Her father replied, “This nave attacked me in my bed.  I have disarmed him using my left arm.”
Daniel asked, “Are you injured?”
“He slashed my right arm but I don’t think it’s serious.  Thank the sacred water he was no swordsman.”
Guards had arrived and the lamps were lit.  One of the guards immediately recognized the attacker as Alvin.  While Heather took charge of the security issues, Daniel examined the wound on her father’s arm.  It was relatively superficial but even under the lamplight it looked abnormal.  He wrapped a strip of cloth around the King’s arm and twisted it tightly to form a tourniquet above the wound.  As Daniel continued the exam he realized that Heather’s father had developed a severe weakness in that hand.  It didn’t appear as the wound was deep enough to have damaged the nerves to the hand.  He tightened the tourniquet more and asked the King how the wound felt.
The King said, “I must admit it burns like a hot poker.  And I seem to have lost feeling in my hand.”
Daniel asked to see the sword Alvin had used.  He examined the edge and tip of the sword.  An oily residue was visible.  Heather asked him what he was doing.  Daniel replied, “I think there may be poison on the sword.”
Heather picked up the sword and walked over to where Alvin was sitting with his hands tied behind his back.  She brought the sword tip up to his chin and asked, “Is the sword poisoned?”
The look of fear in the eyes of Alvin said that the sword was indeed poisoned.  Heather used the sword tip to slice through the retaining cord on his cape.  As he felt the nearness of the blade Heather repeated her question.  This time he nodded in the affirmative.  Daniel said, “We need to know what kind of poison and if there is an antidote.”
When Alvin refused to offer anymore information, Heather gently sliced through his tunic with the sword exposing his skin.  His face was now wild with fear and Heather asked him again about the poison.
Alvin’s voice trembled with fear, “Don’t cut me.  There are two poisons on the sword.  One’s from the brown snake and the others from something called a dart frog.  Now leave me alone.”
Daniel placed his hand on Heather’s arm and wrapped her shoulders with a blanket saying, “I need to see the sword the other assassin had and could you bring me some clothes too.”
Heather turned to the guards and said, “If he moves, even a little, thrust both of your spears through his heart.”
As Heather was leaving the room Jason arrived with more guards.  Daniel briefed Jason on what had happened and anguish was evident upon Jason’s being.  When he asked what he could do to help Daniel said, “I need to have any of the court physicians with knowledge of poisons to come forth.  I also need two live rabbits.”
Jason looked at the guards who had accompanied him and they immediately left to fulfill Daniel’s orders.  Jason looked at Alvin and just shook his head.  He asked Daniel to repeat the names of the poisons and said something about a book.  He left in a hurry.
Heather returned dressed and with the sword.  Daniel examined it before dressing himself and saw the same oily residue on the tip of the sword.  When the live rabbits were brought forth he had them held, with their hind legs extended.  He made a small cut with the sword through each rabbit’s skin.  Both rabbits screamed against the pain.  One rabbit he then treated with a tourniquet.  Within minutes the rabbit without the tourniquet became listless and quit breathing.  The rabbit with the tourniquet was obviously in pain but stayed otherwise active.
Heather asked what the meaning of the rabbits was.  Daniel explained that the poison needed to spread with the blood.  When Jason returned he was carrying a small children’s book.  He said, “Maybe this will help.  It is a book I was given about animals when I was young.  It talks about a dart frog that is very poisonous.”
Daniel looked at the book but the writing had no meaning for him.  He asked Jason what it said.  Jason replied, “It is written in the old-fashioned style and I have trouble reading it myself.  It says something about the poison from one frog being enough to kill twenty men.  I remember how impressed I was as a child that this small frog could be so deadly.”
When the physicians arrived they were able to provide little additional information other than suggesting multiple bleedings to remove the toxin.  Daniel did not intuitively feel that would be possible.  He released the tourniquet on the second rabbit and it became listless within a few minutes and also died.  Heather wanted to know what that meant for her father.  Daniel said, “I fear to remove the tourniquet.”
“How long can the tourniquet remain?”
Daniel replied, “I don’t know.” 
When Daniel re-examined the King’s arm the tissues around the cut he saw a blackness developing.  He told the King, “Sir, your injury is serious.  I think our only hope is to remove your arm and the poison it contains.”
The King replied, “The burning seems to be spreading.  I don’t want to lose my arm but I would live.  Do what you must do.”
Daniel applied the second tourniquet higher on the King’s arm and tightened it firmly.  He ordered more lights and a basin of sacred water.  He told one of the King’s physicians to prepare some ether.  He then left to get his surgical kit.
Heather noticed that Jason had picked up one of the poisoned swords and was angling it toward his own neck.  Heather went to him and gently removed the sword from his hands.  Jason said, “I have failed to protect my quest.  How can I rule a kingdom?  If I was a man of honor I would have slit my own throat with this sword of poison.  I am not fit to be a King.”
Gently Heather said, “Jason, it is true you are not a warrior King.  You will be a King of wisdom and of the law.  Your people need you now.  I and those of the Forest need you also.  Be true to what you are.”
When Daniel returned he had a charcoal pot set up for the cautery.  As he finished preparing his instruments he had the ether administered.  He said, “Give just enough ether that the pain still causes groaning but enough so that he moves not.”
Daniel washed his instruments in the sacred water and also washed the King’s arm.  He picked up his obsidian scalpel and began incising through the skin between the two tourniquets.  There was no bleeding because of the tourniquet.  When he had incised down to the big arteries and veins he used the silk threads to carefully tie them off before cutting through them.  Heather avoided watching the operation but when she heard the noise of the saw cutting through the bone she had to leave the room.
Heather went back to her room.  Her assailant lay where he had fallen.  She looked at him carefully for the first time.  He was wearing a red cape with an unusual design.  The cape seemed familiar but she could not recall where she had seen it before.  She looked into the passage which was now exposed where the secret panel had been opened.  The passage angled downwards but she chose not to explore further.  Heather sat on one of the sitting benches and felt helpless.  Her father may be dying. There was nothing she could do.  She couldn’t even stay in the room where Daniel was operating.
The morning light was coming into the room and Heather began absently picking up the contents of Daniel’s pack which he had dumped out in his hurry to get his instruments.  When she picked up his travel diary she remembered where she had seen the cape design before.  She opened the diary looking for the picture of the man frozen in the ice crevasse.  She looked at the sketch closely and even with Daniel’s limited drawing ability it was obvious that the running triangle pattern of the cape was the same.  She looked at the assassin closer and it was obvious that he was not of the Southern Kingdom.  His hair was reddish in color and his face was dominated by a very thin pointed nose.
Heather returned to her father’s room as Daniel finished sewing up the stub of her father’s right arm.  When he finished dressing the wound Heather asked, “Will he live?”
In a gentle voice Daniel replied, “Your father has good health and a strong will to live.  If it is possible to survive he will.”
Chapter 15

Heather sat by her father’s bedside waiting for him to awaken.  His sleep was troubled with much groaning.  Guards were posted outside the door and the secret passageway was secured.  Heather could not help the tears that filled her eyes.  Daniel seemed to take forever to clean and stow his equipment.  She had lots of questions but was afraid to ask them for fear of the answers she may receive.  When Daniel finally sat down next to her and put his arm around her she began to weep.  Daniel just held her and let her cry.  It was a full hour before her father awoke.  Daniel noticed the changes in his breathing and said, “Your father awakens.”
Heather’s father took a few minutes more to become oriented to the situation.  He grasped Heather’s hands with his left hand.  When she asked him how he felt he replied, “The terrible burning is gone but I am tired.”
He soon drifted off to sleep again.  Heather sat there holding his hand for some time before she asked Daniel, “If you removed his arm with the poison he should be okay now, shouldn’t he?”
The slowness of Daniel’s reply answered her question.  He answered, “Some of the poison had already traveled up his arm.  I know not how much.  I also know nothing of this poison frog.  I’m afraid we will have to wait and see.”
Heather did the only thing she could, she waited.  Her father seemed to get weaker as the day wore on.  His periods of consciousness were further apart and shorter.  She ignored the comings and goings of Daniel.  She had already lost her mother and had no intention of now losing her father.  Unfortunately, she didn’t know what to do other than to sit by the bedside and wish him to live.  She had never been one to pray by the God of the sacred water but she did now.  Daniel would come in and check her father saying little.  It was time for the evening meal and Daniel insisted that she take some time for her own nourishment.  He assumed her watch.
When she returned Daniel said, “There is hope.  Your father’s pulse no longer weakens.”
“You mean he will live?”
“It is not certain.  But there is hope.”
Heather could appreciate no difference in the way her father looked but she trusted Daniel.  His skin will still very pale and clammy.  His breathing was shallow and irregular.  He had not awakened for several hours.  Daniel had Heather help him prop her father up into a near sitting position using the many pillows on the bed to support him.  His breathing seemed a little easier in this position.
There was a knock on the door and Betty entered.  She brought in more blankets and sleeping pads.  She told Heather, “I will keep watch with you but you must rest yourself.”
Daniel took one of the blankets and draped it over Heather’s shoulders saying, “Betty is right.  You should get some rest.  I will watch with Betty.”
Heather had the feeling that it was her will that her father live, which was keeping him alive.  She dared not leave.  Yet she was tired.  She finally agreed to rest a little but only if they awoke her immediately if her father’s condition changed.  She wasn’t going to let herself fall asleep; she would just rest her eyes for a few minutes.  Betty began singing one of the simple lullabies of the little folk.  It had a relaxing melody with simple repetitive words.  Heather thought, “I have not even the ability to sing to my father in his time of need.”
When Heather awoke it was dark except for one lamp in the corner of the room and the glow from the fireplace.  It took her a bit to become oriented again.  She sat up and heard Betty say, “Your father sleeps.”
Heather had an anxious moment when she thought Betty meant that her father had died, but she could hear his breathing and realized he just continued to sleep.  She listened to his breathing.  It did seem stronger.  Heather resumed her watch at the bedside.  She asked Betty about the hour.
Betty said, “The moon has gone.  It will be morning soon.”
“Betty you are a loyal friend and I thank you for your help.  It is time for you to rest.  But what of my husband?”
Betty replied, “He kept bothering the King by checking things.  I made him go to bed so the King could rest better.”
The thought of a little half brain telling Daniel, the healer from the Forest, what to do made Heather smile.  She said, “It is my watch now.  You need to rest.”
Betty didn’t object and Heather was left with her father.  His brow was less clammy and he did seem to be breathing easier.  There was hope.  Heather’s thoughts rambled; to childhood times with her father, to the death of her mother, to when she first awoke and found Daniel holding her hand.  Her anger had subsided and gradually her thoughts returned to the present.  She began to ponder the question of why Alvin would have done the things he did.  The identity of the stranger was even more puzzling.  The morning light was just showing when Daniel quietly entered the room.  He felt the King’s pulse and listened carefully to the breathing.
Daniel said, “Your father grows a little stronger.  We must hope the lungs do not fill with fluid and become infected.  There is yet the chance your father will live.”
“How can we help?”
Daniel replied, “I watched my grandfather treat people with infectious paralysis by helping them move their chest.  He thought it helped the fluid of life move better which allowed the body to defend itself.”
“You mean it helped the blood flow?”
“No, this fluid is different than the blood.  It is a clear fluid and nobody knows where it comes from, but the ancient scrolls refer to it.”
Heather asked, “How is the treatment done?”
Daniel moved to the head of the bed and began lifting the King’s shoulders every time he breathed in.  He would push down on the chest every time the King breathed out.  He maintained the rhythm for several minutes.  Heather thought that her father was definitely breathing deeper but a rattle could now be heard.  Daniel said, “It seems the fluid has started to accumulate in his lungs.  We should repeat the treatment every hour.”
They were interrupted by a knock on the door.  A palace guard entered and apologized for the intrusion.  He said, “King Jason would have you come and examine the prisoner, Alvin.”
Daniel asked, “What is the problem?”
The guard replied, “I only know that he keeps screaming for his medicine.  Our physicians are uncertain what to do.”
Daniel left with the guard and was escorted to a tower at the back of the palace.  As they approached he could hear a man screaming in anguish.  The heavy door was opened by the two guards and Daniel began to ascend the steep stairway.  At the top was another door.  The guard had pieces of cloth stuffed into his ears to muffle the sounds of anguish from within.  He opened the door for Daniel.  When Daniel entered the room two of the palace physicians were trying to examine Alvin.  He would sit quietly for only a few seconds before the scream of anguish demanding his medicine would come again.  The scream was worse than that of a horse dying.
The more senior physician stepped away from Alvin and approached Daniel saying, “He has been getting worse all night.  It would appear he is suffering withdrawal from some drug.  We have tried tincture of poppy to no avail.  I was hoping you could help us.”
Daniel asked, “Has he slept at all?”
“No, and his agitation is getting much worse.”
Daniel stepped forward to examine Alvin with mixed emotions.  There sat the assassin who had attempted murder of his family and who had caused the deformities of so many babies.  But there also sat a man in as much anguish has Daniel had ever seen.  His eyes were swollen and red, and his whole body was twitchy.  His face was a combination of impending doom and anxiousness.  He seemed to plead both for help and death to escape the terror he was experiencing.  Daniel’s exam revealed nothing wrong physically except for the twitchiness.  Stimulating Alvin’s foot would cause the whole leg to twitch.  Daniel said, “I agree.  He is suffering from withdrawal from some drug.  I’m afraid he’s about to develop seizures.  We need to find the drug he was taking.”
The senior physician replied, “We asked him where the medicine was earlier when he was more cooperative.  He just said the ambassador gave it to him.  We don’t know who the ambassador was.”
Daniel responded, “I would think that the stranger who attacked my wife and I would be this ambassador.  Do you know what they did with the body?”
“I’m sure the half brains have already disposed of it.”
Daniel sat thinking as he watched Alvin twitch and deform his face in such awful expressions.  He said, “My grandfather once told me about a medicine, from the ancient times, that was used to treat seizures and to help people sleep.  Like all medicines too, much caused great harm.  I would expect we are seeing that harm.”
The senior physician asked, “What is the name of the medicine?”
Daniel apologized saying, “I remember many things but names I can’t remember.  Hopefully one of the priests, skilled in the ancient scrolls, can help us.”
Daniel excused himself to check on Heather’s father.  He could hear Alvin’s scream of anguish almost all of the way across the palace to where they were staying.  Heather looked up and asked what was going on.  Daniel told her of Alvin’s anguish.  Heather said, “He has earned his suffering.  But I would wish him to live so we can learn more about this stranger he called the ambassador.”
Daniel said, “If his withdrawal becomes much more severe he will not survive.  If we can find the medicine and give him just a little he would live.”
Heather sent for Betty and the young priest who had accompanied them.  When Betty arrived Heather asked her if any of the little people might know of the medicine Alvin was taking.  Betty left to ask the staff about it.  The young priest didn’t understand Heather’s request at first and she made Daniel explain it.  After Daniel recounted his grandfather’s teaching the young priest began apologizing for his limited ability with the ancient scrolls.  Daniel accepted his apology but pushed him to search for the information.  The young priest looked up and entered his trancelike state.  After several minutes he said, “There are many references to seizures.  Mostly they talk about using ether to stop the seizure.  There is a reference to something called a urate being used to prevent seizures but it does not say what the substance is.”
Daniel said, “I just can’t remember what name my grandfather called the medicine.  Do you think Jason’s library would have any information on this urate?”
The young priest replied, “They have translated many of the ancient texts and reprinted them in their books.  I will look but it will take time.”
Daniel excused the young priest and asked him to report any information he found as soon as possible.  Heather wanted to know what they would do next and Daniel said, “I would hold your hand and take you for a long walk in the Forest along a gentle stream.” He sighed and said, “While we wait we best look after your father.”
The King had definitely stabilized.  He still slept with a very weak pulse and shallow irregular breathing but he wasn’t getting worse.  Daniel repeated his breathing treatment trying to keep the fluid from accumulating in the King’s lungs.  After the treatment his breathing sounded worse with gurgling easily heard but his breaths were deeper.  Heather asked, “When will my father improve?”
Daniel replied, “Only the God of the sacred water knows.  The body will heal itself in time.  Our job is to keep him alive so the healing can occur.  If we can prevent the fluid from building and the pneumonia from developing he will recover.  That is a big if.”
Heather accepted his cautious hope.  She wanted more but at least he gave her some hope.  She said, “I will do the next treatment.  You need to eat; Jason sent us breakfast sometime ago.”
Daniel had finished his breakfast and was teaching Heather how to perform the breathing treatment when Betty returned.  Betty was excited and was speaking too rapidly for Daniel to follow.  Heather saw the look of frustration on his face and held her hands up so that Betty would talk more slowly.  Betty repeated, “The stranger had a secret room.  The little ones called it the red room because all of the furniture was red.  He was very mean to them and if they told anyone about the room he would torture them.  They were all scared of him and he always wanted the young pretty ones.  All of his food and other strange stuff was brought to him through a secret passage from the kitchen area.  Everyone is glad he’s dead.”
Daniel asked, “Why didn’t they tell us about this?”
Betty looked somewhat embarrassed as she responded, “Nobody asked.”
Heather said, “We must search this room.”
Daniel said, “I will stay with your father while you search.  I’m not sure what the medicine would look like but it will probably be a powder in a covered container.”
Heather replied, “No, it would be better if you went.  You are more apt to recognize the medicine.  I will stay with my father.”
Daniel left with Betty and had a guard take a message to King Jason regarding their finding of the secret room.  Betty was explaining how her friend Ally helped her discover the secret room while they made their way into the lower levels of the palace.  The kitchen area was built around a large central fire pit.  Small rooms and passages radiated out from the central area.  All of the storage areas were filled with food supplies.  The air was somewhat smoky and the light rather dim.  A single shaft of daylight penetrated through the outer wall giving some daylight.  Betty began visiting with the little ones who were working.  Daniel had to struggle to keep up with their dialogue because when amongst themselves their dialect seemed to change.  One of the cook’s assistants agreed to show them the room.  She led them to a small storage room and when she moved a panel a tunnel was visible.  Betty was able to walk upright but Daniel had to stoop over to navigate the passage.  They walked upwards for some time before they came to another door.  The little one who had guided them refused to go in.  Betty opened the door and stepped in.  Daniel followed her.  The room was well lit by large windows which looked out over the city.  The drapes were all red and the furniture coverings were also a red cloth.  The room was divided into three areas.  There was the sleeping area, a general living area, and a work area filled with several instruments of alchemy.  
Daniel began his search in the work area.  There were small boxes of different powders and vials of liquids.  Each was identified with a strange writing.  Some of the letters were recognizable but most were not.  Daniel opened several of the boxes and recognized only a few of the ingredients.  They were just too many choices.  Daniel thought again about his grandfather’s description.  If the medicine was used to help people sleep maybe it would be by the bedside.  Next to the bed was a small table with a single drawer.  When he opened the drawer he saw a small box decorated with gold.  He carefully opened the box.  It was half filled with a whitish powder.  He smelled the powder but could recognize no odor.  He was going to taste the powder but hesitated not knowing for sure it was the medicine and not some poison.  Next to the box was a drawing which caught Daniel’s eye because he recognized the mountain which looked like a women’s breast.
A shout from below interrupted Daniel’s thoughts.  Someone was calling for him.  He put the box of powder and the drawing in his pocket and entered the tunnel.  He answered the call and descended the long passage.  The guard was waiting for him at the bottom and said they needed him in the tower right away because something was wrong with Alvin.  Daniel hurried after the guard.  As they ascended the stairs of the tower he no longer heard Alvin’s scream of anguish.  When the door was opened he was met by a sight worse than the screaming.
The two physicians and one of the guards were trying to hold Alvin who was having a major seizure.  It was far more violent than any seizure Daniel had seen before.  Alvin was stretched out with his back arched and his head extended.  He was shaking violently and banging his head against the stone floor.  The physicians were trying to support his head but the violence of the shaking overcame their efforts.  The sickening sound of Alvin’s skull striking the stone floor with a dull thump was mixed with the sound of gurgling from Alvin’s throat.  Alvin’s eyes were bulging and bright red with no semblance of humanity to them.  His tongue was partially protruded through his teeth and was dark purple where he had bit through it.
Daniel asked, “Where is the ether?”
The younger physician responded, “His violent contractions knocked the bottle over.  We have sent for more.”
Daniel said, “I may have found the medicine but we must break the seizure first.”
The violent shaking was getting worse.  Alvin’s entire body would contract with violent cataclysmic spasms.  Daniel tried to pad and support Alvin’s head and neck but he was not much more successful than the others.  Suddenly Alvin’s body went limp and the seizures stopped.  Everyone relaxed until they noticed Alvin was no longer breathing.  When they listened for a heartbeat it too was gone.  A guard rushed into the room carrying another bottle of ether but stopped short when he saw everyone just staring at Alvin.
The senior physicians said, “Leave the bottle and report to the King that Alvin has died.”
Both guards left and the three physicians stood silently over Alvin’s body for several minutes without speaking.  Their failure was obvious and the death they had witnessed was violent enough to overcome their developed capabilities of accepting death.  Daniel finally covered Alvin with the blanket so that he no longer had to see the bulging eyes staring out from the lifeless head.  The senior physician asked, “What is this medicine that could cause a man to die so horribly from withdrawal?”
Daniel responded, “The ancient scrolls talk of a medicine called urate but I am uncertain if it is the same.  If this ambassador had caused Alvin to become addicted he would have had complete control of Alvin.  No human could withstand the withdrawal that Alvin went through.”
Daniel described the red room for the other physicians who were equally interested in the alchemy equipment.  They examined the box of powder but they too were unwilling to chance tasting the powder.  Daniel closed the box and handed it the senior physician saying, “This needs to be tested.  After having witnessed the death of Alvin, I doubt I would ever be able to use the medicine.  Maybe in small amounts it would be safe.”
When Daniel returned to the King’s quarters Heather asked, “Did the guard find you?”
“Yes.”
“Was it important?”
“Alvin died.”
“You didn’t find the medicine?”
“I found the medicine.”
“Daniel of Issip, if you found the medicine why did Alvin die?”
“I was too late.  He had a terrible seizure and died a horrible death.  Let’s not talk about it now.  I would check your father.”
Daniel had Heather supporter father as he carefully listened to his chest and tapped on it checking for fluid.  The breath sounds were fair with some rattle of mucus present but there was no fluid buildup in the lungs.  Daniel repeated the treatment and again the rattling became worse for awhile.  The King did groan while they were moving him and Daniel thought it was a good sign.
Heather was not tolerating her limited activities and Daniel said, “I will stay and watch your father.  I found this drawing with the medicine.  I think it is a map of the icefield.  Why don’t you take it to Jason?”
Heather started to protest that she didn’t want to leave her father, but Daniel insisted she do what needed to be done.  He was capable of watching her father.  Heather felt guilty that her spirits rose when she left the room.  She found Jason in the throne room and waited until he finished working with his counselors.  He waved her forward and asked, “How is your father?”
“He still sleeps, but he no longer worsens.  Daniel has given me some hope.”
Jason replied, “I pray to the God of the sacred water that he recovers.  His attack while under my protection has been a horrible thing.”
“You heard about Alvin’s death?”
“Yes, I don’t think I could have wished such a death on anybody.”
Heather handed him the drawing Daniel had given her.  The writing was foreign but the drawing itself seemed to be a map.  Jason studied the paper for some time before saying, “It would appear to be a map but it will take some time to decipher the writing.  What do you think it means?”
Heather responded, “I would expect the Red Ambassador has come from a land on the other side of the icefield.”
Jason asked Heather if she could attend his next meeting which was with the security forces.  Heather agreed and spent the next several hours listening first to a detailed summary of their progress in re-establishing a proper chain of command.  Arthur was a little uncomfortable describing in detail their security status in front of Heather but Jason insisted.  Arthur was obviously quite capable and the security status of the palace and the city as a whole was becoming quite acceptable.  The meeting became much more interesting when they discussed the implications of the map.  Arthur recognized the threat it represented and began planning a defense strategy.  Heather suggested a meeting of all three countries be held when the seasons allowed.
The meeting was interrupted by courier who was carrying an urgent message for the King.  Jason allowed him to be admitted.  The young soldier bowed before the throne and handed Jason a sealed message.  Jason read the message and handed it to Arthur.  He asked the messenger if he knew what the message said.  The young soldier answered, “Not exactly, but I know it’s about Jason's disappearing.”
Keeping a serious look on his face Jason asked, “And how did he disappeared?”
The young soldier was now sweating profusely he said, “We found signs we think are from those of the Forest.”
“How could they have gotten Jason out of the Summer Palace?”
“It is said they turned themselves into a giant eagle and flew him off the cliff.”
“Where have they taken him?”
“We’re not sure, your Majesty.  We were able to track them to a larger camp which we think was being led by the woman warrior with golden hair.  They were headed towards the city.”
Jason could not contain himself anymore he asked, “Do you pledge allegiance to the King before you?”
The soldier knelt and said, “I, Timothy of Alesso, do pledge my allegiance to the King before me.”
Jason said, “Stand and be recognized.”
Jason nodded to Arthur who said, “You have just pledged allegiance to Jason, King of the Southern Kingdom.  You will wait outside the doors for a return message to your commander.”
The look of confusion on the soldier’s face was overwhelming.  As he turned his eyes found Heather.  There was no mistaking the woman warrior with the golden hair.  She smiled and nodded her head.  He returned the acknowledgment and left the room.
Everyone did their best to control their laughter until the soldier had closed the doors behind him.  Jason laughed until his side hurt and tears filled his eyes.  He said to Heather, “Didn’t I tell you they wouldn’t even know I was gone?”  “It must have been some eagle to have carried me off the cliff.  We may need to rename Jeremy; Jeremy the Eagle.”
They gradually returned to business and the discussion focused on the stranger and the red room.  Arthur presented Jason with another book they had found in the room.  Jason studied the writing for some time while everyone else waited.  He said, “The writing is similar to the map.  It reminds me a little of the ancient scrolls but the word usage seems much different.  I think our scholars should be able to decipher this with time.  This book seems to be a log of deliveries of something, but I can’t really understand what it is saying.”
Heather asked, “Could it be a log of the sacred water shipments?”
Jason agreed with her assessment but said he would forego any definite thoughts until his scholars had deciphered it.  There was general agreement that the stranger referred to as, the Red Ambassador, had gained control of the kingdom by addicting Alvin to the medicine.  Heather told them about the stranger frozen in the ice that Daniel had seen and how they both wore capes with the running triangle pattern.  Arthur’s worry about a hostile alien people seemed even more real.  Jason was more interested in the possibility of other civilizations existing on their world.  He discussed what little he knew of the period described in the ancient scrolls, as the time before.  Their written history began with those of the Forest which led to the settlements of both the Southern and Northern Kingdoms.  One of the scrolls implied that those of the Forest were forced there because of hard times.  It was commonly assumed the earliest people had fled a natural disaster from the Northern Kingdom because of the mention of snow and ice.  Jason pointed out that the snow and ice could have been a reference to the great icefield.  This would imply their ancestors came from somewhere beyond the icefield.  A land that probably was now home to the stranger known by Alvin as The Ambassador.
Heather recalled the story Daniel had told her about the old priest of the Forest wanting him to search for a mountain that looked like the head of a fish.  Jason was thoughtful for a few minutes before saying, “We need to search for this mountain.  Our history is incomplete and facing the future would be easier with full knowledge of our past.”
It was nearing time for the evening meal and Jason closed the meeting.  He reminded Arthur to treat the young soldier well as he sent him back to the Summer Palace.  He asked Heather if she would be joining them for dinner.  Heather responded, “I would check on my father and if he has improved maybe we could join you for dinner.”
As Heather returned to her father’s room her anxiety returned and she hurried her steps.  She opened the door quietly and saw Daniel sitting by the bed apparently asleep but with his hand on her father’s pulse.  She asked quietly, “How is he?”
Daniel answered without opening his eyes, “His pulse grows stronger but his breathing is still troubled by the fluid.  It is time for another breathing treatment.”
As they work together to stretch her father’s shoulders and rib muscles Heather summarized the meeting for Daniel.  He was a bit concerned about Jason’s recommendation for changing Jeremy’s name saying, “It would only encourage him to tell the story more often.”
Daniel agreed with Jason’s assessment of the ambassador.  He was able to add little to Heather’s understanding of the time before.  As they were repositioning the King he began groaning and opened his eyes.  It took him several moments to focus and he seemed just to ignore Heather’s urgent pleas to say something.  When he did try to speak his voice was weak and garbled.  Daniel was unable to make out what he said but Heather interpreted it for him, “He says he feels terrible and has trouble breathing.”
Daniel tried to explain about the poison but the King had already fallen asleep again.  Heather could hardly contain her excitement.  Daniel tried to gently settle her down by saying, “His awakening is a good sign, but he is so weak that if a pneumonia develops he will not be able to recover.”
Heather responded, “How do we prevent this pneumonia?”
“We continue his breathing treatments and pray to the God of the sacred water that he does not develop the pneumonia.”
Heather told Daniel of Jason’s invitation for dinner.  Daniel refused the offer saying it would be better if he stayed and watched over her father.  Heather wished not to go alone so she decided to keep watch with Daniel.  Betty arrived shortly after and asked why they were not going to dinner.  Heather explained Daniel’s desire to stay with her father.  Betty began to raise a fuss about them needing to get out of this stuffy room and quickly shooed them both off to dinner saying it was her turn to watch over the King.  They joined the dinner party just as it was beginning.  People shifted making seats for them near the head of the table.  It was a fairly somber meal until the party heard the King had awakened.  Daniel tempered everyone’s enthusiasm by reminding them of the danger that pneumonia represented.  The mood change was enough to begin the stories.  When Jason finished his story of the courier from the Summer Palace and repeated his suggestion of changing Jeremy’s name everyone shouted in favor.
Daniel arose with a somber expression on his face saying, “Sir, I would not recommended that we change Jeremy’s name.”  When Jason asked why not, Daniel explained, “Sir, it would only encourage him and we would hear the story of his becoming an eagle even more often than we hear of his transformation into a bear.”
Jason rose to the bait saying, “I understand your concern but what is this of Jeremy changing into a bear?”
Daniel protested saying, “Sir, you should not be troubled hearing a story which has grown so much in the telling.”
Everyone was now demanding to hear the story so Daniel turned up his hands and said, “I have tried to warn you but if you insist that the story being told; Jeremy.”
Jeremy stood up and took a long drink from his beer before beginning.  Daniel sat back down content to listen to his friend’s yarn.  It was one of his favorite stories.  Jeremy proceeded to tell of Daniel’s rescue complete with the growling and snarling of the bear.  When the story was complete everyone rose and toasted both the rescuer and the rescued.  The stories continued but Daniel felt the need to check on Heather’s father so they left early.
When they arrived at the room Betty was sitting at the bedside holding the King’s wrist just as Daniel had.  Daniel thanked her for taking the watch and said he would take over.  The King was resting fairly comfortably but when they began the breathing treatment he woke up and groaned through much of the treatment.  When they were finished and he had gathered his breath he complained, “I would sleep.  Why do you bother me so?”
Daniel began again explaining about the risk of fluid building up but the King had already fallen asleep.  Daniel and Heather visited for some time while they shared the watch.  Heather agreed the bear story got better with every telling.  Daniel said, “Since we were little Jeremy has been the storyteller and I have been the one to set the stories up.  A little preparation improves the story, don’t you think?”
Heather laughed softly saying, “When you were done protesting even I wanted to hear the story again.”
Betty returned later that evening to again take the watch.  It was early morning when Betty woke them saying, “The King awakens.”
Daniel and Heather dressed quickly and went to her father.  He was awake but his voice was so soft you had to have your ear next to his mouth to understand what he was saying.  Heather repeated it for Daniel, “I have never been so sick.  I most certainly am dying.  I would die at home.”
Daniel protested that he wasn’t really dying; he was improving and the journey would be far too strenuous for him.  Heather’s father said only, “I would go home.”
They moved away from the bedside and Daniel again protested that it was impossible.  The pass was closed by the winter snows and travel would be extremely treacherous until the spring thaw came.  Heather responded, “A father’s wishes need to be honored.  There may be a way.”
When Daniel asked how she would make the snow and winter storms depart she said, “I would sail around the mountains.”  Before Daniel could ask where she would get a ship, Heather said “Stay with my father.  I need to speak to Jason about a prisoner.”
Jason was eating his morning meal when Heather entered.  He invited her to join him and she joined those of the court who were sharing the meal.  She had trouble concentrating on the normal conversation of the court, but when Jason asked of her father her attention was again focused.  She said, “He has awakened but remains very weak.  He wishes to return home.”
Jason, like Daniel, objected that travel would be all but impossible until the spring thaw.  Heather acknowledged his concern but said, “I would speak to one in your prison about the possibility of sailing around the mountains.”
Jason asked, “Would this be the smuggler referred to as Captain John?”
“It would be.”
Jason turned and spoke with one of the counselors.  After a short discussion he said, “It would appear that it would be within the rule of our law to release the prisoner to your custody but only if he were to complete his prison term under your supervision.”
“I would accept responsibility for his supervision.”
Jason turned again to the counselor and said, “Have this smuggler brought to the throne room before my midmorning security meeting.”
Heather returned to her father’s quarters and told Daniel more of her plan.  Daniel did not respond and the look of concern on his face was enough to slow Heather down.  When she asked what the problem was, Daniel responded, “I would not wish you to make the journey without me.”
“You have to come.”
“If I return to your kingdom my life will be forfeited.”
A look of surprise spread across Heather’s face to be replaced quickly by one of anger.  She said, “I had forgotten about that ridiculous charge.  I will need to work on a plan.”
Daniels said, “I will go and check on the other wounded while you plan.  I will return so you can attend your meeting with Jason.”
Heather sat quietly by her father’s side.  She’d already decided to move ahead, now she was working on the details.  When her father woke again they visited about her plan.  He agreed that travel by ship would be necessary.  Heather asked his permission to assume responsibility for dealing with the church authorities regarding Daniel’s legal problems.  Her father responded, “I may not survive.  If I do live then I grant to you that authority.  You must stay within the law.”
When Daniel returned Heather left immediately for her meeting.  Jason was finishing his first meeting when she arrived.  When the meeting was completed he had her come forward and sit to his right.  A prisoner was brought forward wearing chains about his wrist and ankles.  The guards not so gently, had him kneel before Jason.  Jason asked him, “Are you the one called Captain John?”
“I am John Cook and was Captain of my ship.”
“The record shows you were caught smuggling. Your ship was confiscated and you were sentenced to five years of strict confinement.  I am willing to change your sentence if you would pledge your loyalty and services to another for the remaining period of your sentence.”
Captain John looked up and recognized Heather.  He asked, “Who would I be pledging to?”
“To Heather of the Northern Palace, and her father, the King.”
“For what services would I be pledging?”
Heather spoke up saying, “Your service would be as a commander of the sea for the Northern Kingdom.  Your first mission would be to return the King to his home safely.”
“And my crew?”
Jason replied, “Those of your crew willing to accept the same pledge will be allowed to join you.”
Captain John was silent for about a minute before saying, “Princes, as always you negotiate a tough bargain.  I accept your terms and pledge my loyalty and services for the next five years.”
Jason nodded to the guards and they undid the shackles binding the captain.  He rose to his feet and said to Jason, “Your Majesty, I appreciate my release but I expect that the Princess may yet make me wish for the safety of your prison.  I would speak of my ship.”
Arthur spoke up saying, “The records indicate your ship has been sold to other traders.  I would suggest that another vessel may be available.  A ship was recently completed by our shipbuilders.  It is a most unusual design apparently of the Red Ambassador.  It has not yet been tested fully.  With the King’s permission we would grant you this vessel.”
“I would see this vessel.”
Jason concluded the discussion by saying, “The vessel will wait a few hours until we have concluded our work here.”  He told the guards, “Prepare and clothe the northern commander of the sea as appropriate and escort him back in two hours.”
Heather stayed for the Security Council and a discussion of the new sailing vessel ensued.  The ship was built with relative secrecy and just recently reported to Arthur.  The chief builder said King Alvin himself had sworn him to secrecy.  Not until Alvin’s death was announced did he dare mention the ship.  The Southern Kingdom was not normally a seagoing race and most of the trade was carried on ships from the Northern Kingdom.  The wood for the ship and the masts was provided by traders from the North.  Arthur was concerned that the ship was meant for military purposes, but could not conceive of the method of use.  Heather disagreed with Arthur’s concern because ships had never been a significant factor in any previous warfare.  The council moved on to a status report and Heather excused herself.
When she returned to her father he seemed to be sleeping more peacefully.  Daniel asked how the meeting had gone.  Heather replied, “I have secured a ship and crew to take my father home.  He has given me permission to work with the church authorities to rescind their judgment.”
“They would do that?”
“Not willingly.  Jason says the charge of blasphemy only applies to statements against the old law.  The old law only says the sacred water shall not be given to those who would not benefit.  If what you say is true about the sacred water helping the babies of the half brains, your statement is consistent with the old law itself.  Unfortunately, few of today’s priests have any knowledge of the old law and rely on modern translations.”
“Can your law be changed like Jason has changed his, allowing the little ones who are pregnant to take the essence of the sacred water but not the sacred water itself?”
“Most certainly.”
“I will join you for this journey.”
Heather looked up at her father who continued in his sleep.  She said, “I would see this new type of ship and finish preparations.”
Daniel replied, “I will see to your father.”
Heather sent for Elrod who joined with her and Arthur outside the throne room.  When Captain John arrived he was bathed and his hair and beard well trimmed.  He was dressed in an officer’s uniform with the insignia of the Southern forces removed.  Arthur commented, “Captain, you clean up well.  Hopefully your uniform can be completed with the proper insignia of the North.”
“The uniform can wait, I would see this vessel.”
Arthur led them to the stable area where horses were waiting for them.  Captain John complained that horses were much more difficult to control than a ship.  They rode out of the city and down along the river for about two hours before coming to a separate village.  Along the pier a ship was secured.  Even from a distance the difference was obvious.  It had lines that were certainly feminine, with the graceful curve extending forward.  It had two large masts instead of the traditional one.  It was somewhat larger than the normal ships of the North but more slender.  As they walked aboard another difference became obvious; there were no rowing stations.  They were met by the master shipbuilder.  He was a quiet and unassuming sort who welcomed them aboard with hardly looking at them.  It wasn’t until Captain John began asking specific questions about the construction techniques that the builder came to life.  Soon they were crawling all over the bowels of the ship looking at the wood joinery and safety features of the ship.  At the very bottom of the ship, the keel was formed with a mass of iron.  The shipbuilder explained how the weight allowed the ship to move at right angles to the wind.  The sails were also of a triangular shape which allowed the ship to be more mobile in directional changes.
It became obvious to Heather and Arthur that the Captain’s questions would go on for some time.  They went above and talked more of the possible uses for the ship.  Arthur felt the ship was a threat because of the ability to transport an invading force.  Heather disagreed because of her sea journey, “If the goal were to transport soldiers the ship would have large holds not the small separate ones of this ship.”
Arthur had to concede her point but asked, “What would have sufficient value to justify the small holds?
They both looked up at the same time saying, “The Sacred Water!”
It was obvious now; the Red Ambassador had planned this whole tragedy to steal their Sacred Water.  This led to the question of where he was taking the Sacred Water.  Heather reasoned that the land across the icefield was also somehow connected by the sea.  Their conversation was interrupted by the return of Captain John.  He said, “This ship is almost ready to sail.  I will require three days to finish outfitting her.
Heather asked what his opinion of the ship was.  He replied, “She is well built and appears more seaworthy than our ships.  If she sails across the winds as is said, our ships are obsolete.”  They returned to the palace to begin preparations for the journey.

Chapter 16

While Captain John worked to provision the ship and complete its sea trials, Heather worked with her father’s counselors to complete the diplomatic work.  Her father seemed a little stronger each day and was able to have short sessions to approve the work of the counselors.  His breathing remained very weak and Daniel continued to fret about the buildup of fluid.  Heather needed to finish planning not only her journey but also her return to the Place of the North and the upcoming confrontation with the church.  The young priest almost never left Jason’s library as he worked to master the old law.  Heather pushed him to complete his translation because it was the basis of her defense.  Jason added his own abilities and those of his scholars to the effort.  When the young priest was finally confident in his mental image of the appropriate text and with his understanding of the translation he reported to Heather.
Heather listened attentively as the young priest explained the subtle changes in the old law which had occurred over time and the many translations.  The old law had prohibited the use of sacred water by anyone not capable of benefiting from its use.  The half brains were not specifically mentioned until later in the text.  That portion of the text dealt with the moral responsibility of those capable of assisting the half brains and other misfortunate’s.  The linkage of the two sections seemed to have occurred as a convenience to the translators.  Heather specifically asked, “Would the old law prohibit the use of sacred water by a half brain if it had been shown they would benefit?”
The young priest again apologized for his limited ability before responding, “My understanding of the ancient texts would be the use of the Sacred Water would not be prohibited and may in reality be required because of the second section and its requirement to assist those less fortunate like the half brains.”
Heather thanked him for his efforts and asked that he return with them on the ship.  The young priest had not enjoyed his first journey but agreed without hesitation to the new one.  They discussed how the church elders would respond to this interpretation of the old law.  The young priest said, “No one likes change, but church law is based on the old law.  If they accept my work then the current law must be changed.  They will probably argue against my translation.”
Heather now had a clear plan for her confrontation with the church leaders.  As a last resort she would use force to ensure Daniel’s safety and his return to the Forest.  To ensure that ability she needed her own personal guard, comprised of those of the forest who had accompanied her and those of her father’s personal guard troops.  She met with them and discussed the potential issues.  When given the opportunity they all volunteered for the mission.
Heather met with Captain John on the evening of the second day.  He was satisfied with the progress of provisioning the ship.  When Heather asked if he needed anything else, Captain John said, “I would bring with me the shipbuilder and the young master.  This ship sails far differently than any ship I have previously experienced.  The young master has significant knowledge of how the sails need to be controlled and I would use this knowledge.”
“And the shipbuilder?”
“I would not mean to tell you or the King what to do but the knowledge of this shipbuilder should not be lost.  We of the North have the materials to build these ships and build them we must.”
“I will speak to King Jason.  You are confident in a safe passage for my father?”
Captain John replied, “I have experienced the ship only in the river, but the maneuverability is outstanding.  I would expect she would handle the sea equally well.  This Red Ambassador knew of ships.”
Heather asked, “How many men can we transport back to the Northern Kingdom with my father?”
“She is much larger than my previous ship but cargo and bunk space are not much different.  I think we can carry at most a hundred to 120 extra troops.”
“I would carry the hundred and twenty extra troops.”
Captain John asked, “You’re expecting trouble at home?”
Heather replied, “Let us say that the church and I do not agree on everything.”
“You have the pledge of me and my crew.”
Heather told him she appreciated his support.  She returned to check on her father.  He still slept most of the time but would sit and take some broth when he was awake.  When Daniel returned from checking on the other wounded, she discussed her plans.  They talked late into the night.
In the morning Heather met with Jeremy and Elrod.  She briefed them on her plans and her need for troops.  She would rely primarily on those of the forest who volunteered because they had not taken an oath of loyalty to the church.  She explained the discrepancy in the old law and the modern translations which had caused Daniel’s trouble.  Elrod insisted that his oath to the rule of law was primary but he accepted the young priest interpretation.  He continued for some time explaining the relative importance of the different oaths.
Heather interrupted him asking if he thought thirty or so of the King’s personal guard would agree with him.  He answered, “Most certainly.”
She asked Jeremy how many of the hunters from the forest would be capable and willing to travel with her.  Jeremy responded, “We are at your service.  About eighty of us remain and are capable of travel.”
Heather instructed them to have the people prepared for travel at the morning sun on the morrow.  She then left to attend the security meeting with Jason and his counselors.  The meeting had not yet begun and Heather took the opportunity of relaying Captain John’s request.  Jason started to agree immediately, but Arthur realized the importance of the shipbuilder and objected.  When he explained the possible strategic importance of the ships Jason thought to reconsider.  Heather countered saying, “We would have him with us in case of repairs being needed.  His skills would be much in demand in the Northern Kingdom.  I offer my personal pledge to have him returned within a year, with sufficient materials to build another ship.  The drawings of the ship will also be left here.”
Jason and Arthur discussed the issue between themselves for several minutes before Jason agreed.  The counselors began arriving.  Heather participated little in the meeting until the discussion of the northern army began.  The army would be confined by the weather for at least four more months.  Jason had agreed to provision the army but the question of inviting the army into the city proved much more vexing.  Heather spoke up saying, “My father’s troops will not be troubled by your winter weather.  They will require adequate supplies but would otherwise not be a burden.  I agree that some separation would be in everyone’s best interest.”
It was decided the troops would remain outside the city near the river.  The program of exchange and interaction would be established.  Fuel and food would be supplied by the Southern Kingdom that was now acting as host.  Access to the taverns would be allowed on a controlled basis.  Heather was satisfied and asked the Security Council consider appointing the commander of the northern forces as her replacement.  Arthur expressed his concern of having another outsider involved with their security.  Jason reminded him, “First you tell me of the potential danger that the red ambassador represents and now you worry of sharing our security matters with our allies.  I know I gave you the job of worrying but building allegiance with our allies must take precedence over your worrying.”
Arthur accepted the gentle reprimand saying, “As you say, my job is to worry.”
Heather took her leave and returned to finish her preparations.  Her father was awake and she discussed the plans for his troops.  He responded in his weak voice, “I would leave my troops as a King not in secrecy.”
Heather asked, “Are you strong enough to sit for twenty minutes while you are carried in parade past the troops?”
“I would ride rather than be carried but I have not the strength to ride.  I will make myself sit for the 20 minutes.”
Heather left again to meet with Elrod and assign him another task.  A formal parade past the troops would be held.  She asked him to prepare a throne for the King to be carried upon.  She also asked that he send for her father’s commander for a final meeting to be held before the evening meal.  The afternoon was too short and the meeting time arrived before Heather was satisfied with all of the preparations.  She met with the commander and her father.  The commander kept looking to the King for confirmation whenever Heather told him of the plans.  The King finally said, “I have entrusted her and ask your pledge of loyalty and service to her as you have done to the throne.”
The commander turned to Heather and bowed before her saying, “By the God of the sacred water I pledge my loyalty and service to you in the name of your father and the throne upon which he sits.”
The meeting became a private one between Heather and the commander when her father was again asleep.  They finalized the parade arrangements for their departure and long-range plans for the return to the north.  As the meeting ended the commander asked, “The King will recover?”
Heather said, “He grows stronger daily but the danger is not yet passed.  He deserves not to die from an assassin.  We must all work together to face the threat this red ambassador may represent.  Your service is essential to protect those of the Northern Kingdom and I would thank you for this service.”
The meeting ended and Heather turned her attention to other matters.  Soon it was time for dinner.  Jason had wanted to have a great feast for their departure but Heather had declined protesting she had too many things to complete.  When she and Daniel joined them for dinner the table was already laden with food.  Daniel whispered to Heather, “If this is not a feast, how would a table appear for a real feast?”
Heather responded, “It would seem our host is not easily dissuaded.  We may as well enjoy ourselves.”
The food was a mixture of things that they had already learned to like with dishes completely unfamiliar to those not of the South.  All of the food was spicy with liberal use of the pepper so common in the southern Kingdom.  The wine and ale flowed freely.  Prior to the serving of dessert Jason stood and said, “I was asked not to have a feast for the departure of our friends and guests, a request which I have honored.  But nothing was said about a feast to celebrate the marriage of Daniel and Heather.”
Everyone seated at the table began to pound on the table until Heather took Daniel’s hand and they stood up.  Jason raised his hand for silence and turned towards the door.  A trumpet was sounded and the door opened.  Heather’s father entered, carried upon a throne.  He was dressed simply with only his cape signifying his status.  Everyone rose as he was brought forward to join Jason at the head of the table.  He signaled with his left hand for everyone to be seated.  He raised a glass and toasted saying in his weak voice, “To the bride and groom.”
Everyone rose again saluting Daniel and Heather with their glasses and voices.  Her father continued with Jason repeating his words so everyone could hear, “May peace and the rule of law continue over our lands.  I pray to the God of the sacred water that our hard times are over.  Let us work together to face whatever dangers may lay ahead.”
Another cheer from everyone went up.  Jason then returned the toast saying, “To the King of the Northern Kingdom for his efforts in freeing us from the tyranny that had descended upon our lands.  May he live long and prosper.”
When the cheering had died down Heather’s father raised his cup first to Jason, then to Daniel and Heather, and finally to all those assembled.  After a final sip of his wine he nodded to the attendants.  They carefully lifted the throne and the entire assembly stood and cheered as the King was carried out.  Heather’s eyes overflowed with tears as she watched her father’s exit.  She turned to Daniel and asked, “Did you know my father was coming to the feast?”
“Not exactly.  He had asked me earlier if it was acceptable for him to be up and about some.  I told them I thought it was a good idea as long as he didn’t overdo it.”
“You should have told me.”
The conversation was interrupted by Jason asking, “We would hear the story of your wedding.”
Daniel arose and said, “It is a nice but simple story except for the part about the kiss.  I would doubt there is much interest in the story.”
Jason objected asking, “What was special about the kiss?”
Daniel responded, “Sir, I am still not sure because I have no memory of it.”
“Well, who can then tell us of this kiss?”
Daniel said, “Jeremy.”
Jeremy rose and carefully took one last sip of his ale before beginning the tale.  Daniel was content to again sit back and listen to his friend’s telling of the story.  When the story was finished there was a general clamor for a demonstration of the kiss.  Daniel helped Heather to stand and gave her a long passionate kiss and then began to slump down as if he were passing out.  A roar of laughter filled the room and Daniel stood again.  He bowed slightly and taking Heather’s arm they left the room to loud applause.  When they were outside the hall Heather said, “That was quite an exit you arranged.”
“I did rather enjoy it; especially the kiss part.”
When they checked on Heather’s father he was sleeping but his breathing was steady.  They visited quietly about the upcoming journey until Betty suggested they were making too much noise for the King and they needed to get their own sleep.  The newlyweds returned to their own room hand-in-hand.  They were awakened before first light by Betty who said, “It is almost time for breakfast.”
They dressed and finished packing their simple backpacks before joining Jason for the morning meal.  The early hour and a late-night of partying only partially subdued Jason’s normal jovial demeanor.  They finished their meal and Jason escorted them to the repaired palace gate.  He gave them each a warm embrace and a small package.  He would not hear their objections to the gift saying, “I and my people owe you a debt of gratitude which can never be repaid.  These small gifts are merely a reminder so you forget us not.”
Betty opened her gift first and found, wrapped in colorful silk, the chain and ring she had carried for identification as she searched for Arthur.  Daniel’s gift was an ancient text of healing herbs.  Heather was puzzled by her gift which was a metal object a little longer than her finger and triangular in cross-section, with multiple grooves and engravings on it.  She looked up at Jason with a questioning look and he explained, “We know not what this thing is but legend says it is from the time before.  We would like you to have it as a talisman.”
They thanked Jason for the gifts and walked through the gate and into the dark tunnel.  Daniel stopped and said a silent prayer for the deaf beggar who had lost his life but yet saved theirs.  The morning sky was painted red and pink when they joined with their comrades outside the palace wall.  The King presented next being carried by his personal guards on the throne which was designed to rock back so he could rest.  They proceeded on to where the northern army was assembled in parade formation.  As they neared the columns of soldiers standing in rigid formation, the throne was righted to the sitting position.  Heather’s father saluted each column as they passed.  By the time they came to the end of the parade formation his weakness was obvious to Heather and Daniel.  His face was covered with beads of perspiration and his eyes no longer seemed to focus clearly on the men he was inspecting and honoring.  When they passed beyond the parade formation Heather called a brief rest.  They repositioned the throne and mopped her father’s brow.  He was obviously fatigued but happy and proud of his troops.  They covered him with a blanket and loaded the throne onto a small wagon.  They proceeded to follow the river downstream to the waiting ship.  The Palace guard continued to march in a tight formation around the wagon carrying their King.  The hunters seemed to be an uncoordinated band of misfits next to the rigidly coordinated Palace Guards.  Heather could not have been prouder of any army than she was of her miniature untrained army of Forest hunters.
When they arrived at the ship she was surprised to find Captain John’s men dressed professionally and standing at attention both on the dock and aboard the ship.  The palace guard gently lifted the barely awake King and proceeded up the walkway carrying their King.  Captain John had a small whistle like instrument sounded and the arrival of the King aboard the ship was formally announced.  He was taken immediately to the large cabin which had obviously been outfitted for the red ambassador.  Daniel and Heather helped move her father into the bed.  The remainder of the troops came aboard and they were directed to their quarters which mostly consisted of hammocks hanging in the many storage lockers.  When everyone was settled the whistle was again blown and final preparations for cast-off were made.
Heather and Daniel were invited to the bridge.  Captain John waited until the wind seemed fresh enough and had the call made, “Set sails and cast off.”  The sails were pulled taunt and filled with the wind.  The ship began sliding forward and away from the docking area.  The breeze was gentle but combined with the current, the ship still traveled much faster than even the hunters loping gait.  The day was pleasant with some sunshine.  After several hours of watching the countryside slide by Daniel said, “I have listened to the stories of your journey before; travel by ship sounded very unpleasant.  This is quite enjoyable.”
Captain John just smiled.  Heather tried to explain the change that would occur when they met the sea but finally said, “Enjoy this because it will not last.”
As before the troops were allowed up top only in small groups.  They rotated themselves topside and spent the rest of their time preparing their hammocks.  Elrod again assumed primary responsibility for their organization but this time Captain John’s crew were genuinely helpful.  Daniel stayed mostly at the bridge trying to figure out how the sails harnessed the energy of the wind.  As they neared the sea the onshore breeze freshened and Captain John began working the ship against the wind.  The change in the ship’s ability was obvious to Heather.  Instead of the wide tacking they were now sailing almost into the wind.  Daniel asked Captain John how it was that the boat could sail into the wind.  Captain John replied, “I would have our young master explain it.  His intuitive knowledge is why I wanted him aboard.”
The young master was at the helm and explained how the weighted keel counteracted the force of the wind.  He pointed out how the sails, when they were filled with wind, strongly resembled a bird’s wing in-flight.  Just as the wind rushing over the wing held the bird in the air, the wind rushing past their sails pulled them along through the water.  It was his job to keep the sails looking like the wings of an eagle.  He pointed to the strips of cloth tied high above on the rigging and tried to explain how the sails responded to the relative wind.  Using the relative wind allowed them to sail almost into the wind.  Daniel had trouble making sense of this relative wind and decided to settle for the explanation of the sails acting as the wings of a bird.
Despite their early departure, daylight was coming to an end before they arrived at the transition from river to ocean.  The pitching of the ocean swells had developed gradually and the waves were capped with white from the ocean breeze.  Daniel accepted the cup of ginger tea Elrod offered him and tried to follow Captain John’s instructions about looking outward at the horizon.  As the captain had predicted, the roughness of the water moderated after they had crossed the bar into the ocean proper.  The waves were less choppy but the swells persisted.
As darkness developed Daniel lost his view of the horizon.  Occasional stars were visible between the clouds but otherwise the darkness seemed even more complete than in the forest.  Heather was excited to show him the fluorescence of the ocean and brought him forward to the side of the ship.  The glow of the water as it was parted by the bow of the ship was easily visible in the darkness.  Looking down stimulated Daniel’s sense of balance and with almost no warning he began vomiting over the rail.  After several minutes they returned to the bridge.  Captain John said, “Been feeding the fish?  Not a good idea to look down until you get your sea legs.”
Heather felt bad that she had caused the sickness of the sea and suggested Daniel should lie down.  Daniel refused saying, “It is a new experience and I would stay yet awhile.”
Captain John began explaining how they would navigate at night using the lodestone and the star of the North.  Daniel wanted to know how speed and distance traveled were determined.  The use of a log dropped from the bow and timed until it arrived at the aft end was used to determine their speed through the water.  The mathematics were quite similar to the system used by those of the forest.  The difference was the variable currents of the ocean.  Captain John admitted that navigation on the sea was as much an art as it was mathematics.  Personal knowledge of the currents was needed to augment their measurements.  The charts were of some help but only for determining their relative position when they were in sight of land.
Daniel was not up to eating the evening meal and settled for some more of Elrod’s ginger tea.  He and Heather had a small cabin which they shared with Betty.  They had a small bed and Betty had hung her hammock just inside the door.  To Daniel the space was quite confining and made their tent seem large.  Lying down, seemed to help the sickness of the sea.  The rolling and pitching of the sea continued throughout the night.  Daniel must have adapted because he awoke feeling fairly fresh.  He still chose not to eat the morning meal and had just the ginger tea.
Daniel spent the next three days trying to help others with the sickness of the sea and caring for Heather’s father.  By using blankets and pillows to stabilize him in bed he was fairly comfortable.  His weakness made getting up a major ordeal.  Daniel continued the breathing treatments but the ship’s motion made them more difficult.
Midmorning of the fourth day landfall was made.  Captain John began sailing up the coastline trying to identify a landmark.  He kept the ship as far from shore as he could while maintaining visual contact to avoid any reefs.  The shape of each headland was compared to his charts.  He was muttering to himself about underestimating their speed.  When he was finally certain of their position he began a slow turn to port.  When the relative wind direction had changed enough he gave the order, “Prepare to come about.”
Some of the sails were let loose and others tightened as the ship continued its turnabout through the wind.  The sails were reset and they were now sailing back along the coast.  Captain John had the flag of the Southern Kingdom raised on the mast.  They arrived at a long inlet and turned into it.  As the inlet narrowed the defense positions of the Southern Kingdom became visible.  At its narrowest the inlet put the ship within easy range of the catapults on the cliffs.  The defenders signaled the ship with flags.  Captain John responded with the appropriate signals to signify he had permission to traverse the passage.  After a few tense minutes permission was granted to continue and they sailed on passing from the ocean of the Southern Kingdom to the ocean of the Northern Kingdom.  Their passage was marked by an area of confused seas and swirling currents.  At times the currents coalesced into swirls which created large whirlpools.  Captain John was at the helm not trusting others to the difficult conditions.  Gradually the inlet began to widen out and the seas became more organized.  The wind had taken on a colder bite and the ocean seemed a greyer color.  Captain John steered north taking them away from the land and the danger submerged reefs represented.  Daniel commented on the change in the ocean.  Captain John responded, “The Sea is dressed for winter.  She wears grey and keeps herself pretty well stirred up all winter.  It’ll be a rough ride but if the God of the Sacred Water is on our side we’ll arrive in port before the next storm from the north arrives.”
Daniel noticed that the splash from the waves was freezing on the handrails.  Captain John explained, “As the ice builds the bow becomes heavier which causes more spray topside.  It won’t be long until my crew must start chipping the ice.  It’s their least favorite work.”
Daniel watched from the relative comfort of the bridge as two of the crew moved forward dressed in oilskins.  They wore safety harnesses which were attached to ropes hanging from the rigging.  They had small hammer like tools and began chipping the rapidly forming ice from the bow.  Each large wave would create enough spray that they would be drenched.  They would hunch over as the ship pitched down into the wave and after the spray had passed over them would continue chipping away at the ice.  They worked diligently for an hour and were then replaced by another pair.  Controlling the ice would be the crew’s primary mission for the next three days until they turned towards their home port.
They continued to beat against the wind as they worked their way north.  The temperature grew only slightly colder but the wind and waves seemed to grow.  Daniel wondered if this was a storm such as they had experienced on the previous trip.  Captain John laughed and said, “No, this is no storm.  The sea, she just tends to get herself worked up a bit during the winter.  We may see a storm yet, but as long as it stays cold she won’t be too bad.”
Daniel thought about it and realized that even in the forest their bad winter storms were always associated with a warm wind which preceded the storm.  The cold no longer seemed so unfriendly.  Daniel was barely coping with the rolling and pitching of the ship as it was, he did not need to experience a storm.  Those of the forest volunteered to help with the chipping of the ice.  Captain John considered their offer but said, “It would be best if those experienced kept to the ice.  If they wanted to help they could man the pumps.”
The hunters worked in pairs to man the bilge pumps.  Small amounts of water were, by design, allowed to seep through the ship’s hull.  The spray also tended to work its way into the ship.  It was hard but intermittent work.  The cold of the ocean had penetrated the ship and it was only while they were working was anybody actually warm.  On the evening of the second day the seas seemed to calm and ice stopped forming.  Captain John began to fret.  To Daniel the conditions were much improved but he remembered the Captain’s warning.  By morning the wind had definitely shifted to the southwest and the ocean was confused with the swells still coming from the north but the wind waves were from the southwest.  The ship lost its normal rhythm and Daniel again felt the effects of the sickness of the sea.
Despite the lighter workload the crew was now edgy.  It was a contest between them and the storm as they raced for the shelter of the river entrance.  Captain John checked and rechecked his navigational records.  He kept muttering, “We must be close.”  He told Daniel and Heather, “If we don’t reach the river before the storm, we’ll have to run before it and stay out in the open ocean.  I can’t risk crossing the bar into the river during a storm.  It would be best if we could time our crossing to run with the tide, but I’ll chance the bar against the tide if we can beat the storm.”
By noon a black line was visible to the southwest against the grey of the winter sky.  Captain John’s grumbling and mumbling became more constant.  He had a lookout climb the mast searching for the headlands which marked the river entrance.  The line grew to a black band which seemed to be getting ever closer.  The wind and waves increased and the ship would roll enough that everything which wasn’t tied down ended up on the floor.  Daniel had had enough of the sea; he watched the approaching blackness with dread.  Captain John was about to give up and head back out to sea to ride out the storm away from any reefs, when the lookout cried, “Land ahead.”
Everyone stared hard but it was a few minutes before the headland was visible to those on deck.  Captain John told the helmsman, “Right on course, continue as you go.”  He looked back at the approaching storm and calculated their distance to the river and said, “I think we’ll make it, but it’ll be close.”
A mixture of rain and sleet began to fall and the winds picked up even more.  Captain John had the young master trim the sails so they would not rip from the force of the upcoming wind.  He took the helm himself and told the young master to prepare for a turn to the starboard.  Visibility was dropping as they passed the headland and Captain John began his turn to the starboard.  The confusion of the seas increased and the ship seemed to roll and pitch in all directions at once.  Those in hammocks swung wildly in all directions.  Those who tried to stand had to hang on.  And then they were through the transition, and in the river mouth.  The wind still blew and the rain turned to a mixture of sleet and snow but the great swells of the ocean were dampened by the bar.  They sailed up river with the wind behind them.
Daniel had trouble seeing through the snow but Captain John felt at home.  He had made the journey upriver many times at night.  He worried some about landing a new ship in the darkness without the aid of rowers but the river itself he was at home with.  With a hearty wind blowing from their back they made good time upriver.  It was just getting to be dusk when they arrived at the military docking area.  Captain John did not express his concern but his fidgeting indicated his uncertainty with docking in such a strong wind.  He had the sails shortened and adjusted so that they made minimal headway against the current.  He gradually eased the ship to the dock.  The watchman saw the ship approaching in the snow.  The ship was almost ghostly covered in snow with a shape he had never seen before.  He caught the small throwing line and immediately began pulling it around a turnstile.  The rope became heavier as he began drawing the full-size line from the ship.  When he had secured the line to the turnstile he began tightening the line and drawing the ship abeam the dock.  As soon as the distance closed several sailors jumped onto the dock and helped secure the ship for and aft.  They were home.
The exit from the ship was somewhat less organized than the loading of the ship had been.  Elrod went ahead to prepare the palace for their arrival.  Daniel exited the ship accompanying the King.  The King had not rested well during the journey and his fatigue was obvious.  His breathing had remained relatively strong and the fluid had not increased in his lungs.  The snow continued but the King refused to arrive home covered by a shroud.  He sat straight on the throne as his palace guards carried him to the palace.  Daniel thought it made more sense to wait for a wagon but neither the King nor his guards felt it would be appropriate for his arrival.  The wind and snow felt cold compared to the air of the Southern Kingdom and now that he was on solid ground it felt as if he was still moving with the ocean waves.  When they arrived at the gate of the palace trumpets were sounded and the gate rolled open.  The courtyard was lit by torches everywhere.  They passed into the courtyard and the King was taken immediately to his chambers amidst much cheering.
While Daniel was helping get the King settled and explaining to his wife what had transpired, Heather instructed Elrod and the palace guard who had accompanied them to assume responsibility for guarding her father and Daniel.  Daniel was not to leave the family’s quarters nor was anyone from the church to be allowed in.  Heather had the church leaders and elders summoned.  They were to meet in the throne room after her meeting with the court.
Heather went immediately to the throne room where most of the court officials had already assembled.  She was greeted by applause.  When she had quieted the room Heather told them of her father’s condition.  A somber silence replaced the initial joy.  Heather went on to summarize the peace accord they had reached with the Southern Kingdom.  Many questions were asked but Heather deferred them till the morning.  She asked those of the court to spread the news of her father’s return and to pray for his recovery.  She then asked them to depart the room.
As the counselors were departing Heather had the lighting reduced so that only the region around the throne was well lit.  She had the hunters enter from the rear doorway and assume positions in the shadows along both walls.  They were dressed in their traveling capes and their longbows were strung in the ready.  When they were positioned she had the guard escort the church leaders to the front of the room.  She sat not on the throne but on the step before the throne.  The church elder said, “I have heard of your father’s condition.  What is your request of us?”
Heather stood and said, “My father’s life is being supported and kept from death’s door by the work of the healer from the forest.  I request you rescind your charge of blasphemy on Daniel of Issip.”
The high priest objected saying, “The rule of the law must be followed.  Your oath as well as ours requires it.”
Heather responded, “I have taken no oath.  The oath of my father is to uphold the law.  The law must be true to itself.”
The high priest said, “The law is and cannot be changed.”
Heather called out the young priest and said, “But the law has been changed and I’ll support the law as it was written not as it has been changed.”  She then had the young priest recite the old law as he had learned it.
The high priest objected again saying, “We cannot accept this translation without much study.  Changing the law just isn’t possible.”
Heather said, “I was advised that you may resist accepting the new understanding without the opportunity for extensive study.  I propose to give you that opportunity.”  The remaining torches were lit and the eighty hunters from the forest stepped from the shadows with their longbows at the ready.  Heather continued, “The ancient scrolls are best preserved in the forest.  These hunters from the forest will be escorting you to the forest for your period of study.  They of the forest have pledged to support you to their normal standard of comfort during your study.”
All of the elders and high priests began complaining at once.  Heather silenced them by raising her hand and continued, “I know travel in the winter is particularly hazardous but they are willing to make the journey so you can begin your studies immediately.  They have advised me that most of you will arrive safely.  Conditions are harsh because of the bad times but the people of the forest will share what they have.  The spirits of the forest seem to have become less active.”
Heather turned towards Ben and said, “Select twenty men to accompany you and retire for some rest.  Plan on departing at first light.”  She turned to Jeremy and said, “Position the remaining men to prevent anyone from entering or leaving this room without my permission.”
The high priest complained, “If we are to travel we must rest and collect our belongings.”
Heather replied, “You’ll find more comfort sleeping here on the floor than you will while traveling to the Forest.  I’ll have Jeremy arrange for winter clothing and boots from our military supplies.”
The complaining from the priests continued but Heather silenced it by saying, “I have granted your wish.  It is time I checked on my father.  Jeremy of Issip, are your men prepared?”
Jeremy replied, “The men are ready, no one will enter or leave this room alive without your permission.”
Jeremy and Heather started to depart the room when Heather stopped and turning to the priest asked, “Would you prefer traveling on skis or snowshoes?”
The protest began again about their inability to travel in the winter, Heather ignored their protest saying to Jeremy, “I would expect they are less likely to kill themselves accidentally if they use snowshoes.”  With that she and Jeremy walked through the door out of the room.
When they arrived at her father’s quarters he was sitting up and his wife was fussing over him.  He asked how the meeting went with the church officials.  Heather shrugged her shoulders and said they wanted time to study so she was giving them the opportunity to study the old law.  Jeremy was not happy with the simple story and began telling in great detail how Heather had set the scene and then played her trump card.  Even Heather had to smile at Jeremy’s rendition.  The King thoroughly enjoyed Jeremy’s description of the priests’ response to Heather’s question about whether they preferred skiing or snowshoeing.
Her father asked, “And if they do not reconsider?”
Heather responded, “They will leave in the morning for the forest.  I’ll abide by the decision they reach when they finish their studies.  I am confident in the work of the young priest.”
“And if they reject your interpretation after their study?”
“I will accompany my husband and live where we must.”
Their conversation was interrupted by a gentle knock on the door.  One of the Palace guards entered and said, “The high priest request an audience with the Princess.”
Heather responded, “Tell them I am with my father.  I will return when I am able.”
After the guard left Heather continued, “I had Elrod assume control of the guard duties for this part of the Palace.  Your personal guard I trust but I trust not those under church authority.  Until a decision is made I fear for Daniel’s safety.”
Her father replied, “I trust your decisions but now I’m tired and would sleep.”
Heather returned to the throne room and saw the young priest was answering questions from the other priests assembled.  The high priest turned towards her and said, “We may have been hasty in our judgment of the translation you propose.  We can accept that the law does not explicitly prevent the giving of sacred water to half brains.  The healer’s statement about the similarities between half brains and ourselves is illogical but not a direct contradiction of the law.”
Heather asked, “Are you willing to sign an affidavit for the King rescinding the blasphemy charge based on this understanding?”
“We are.”
“I will have the royal scribe appear to record the affidavit.  I will present the completed document to my father when he again wakens.”  Their discussion was interrupted by one of the guards who entered and whispered something to Heather.  Heather’s brow wrinkled in concern as she listened to the guard.  She told the priest, “My father calls for me.  I will return when I can.”
Heather hurried from the room and when she arrived at her father’s quarters she found Daniel visiting with her father.  She said, “Father I thought you would sleep?”
Her father replied, “Your husband insisted that I receive another one of his breathing treatments.  While he was torturing me I realized a way to make your victory less costly.  Diplomacy strives to allow both parties in a conflict to save face and declare some portion of victory.  I would like you to consider giving the church people this opportunity.”
“How would I do this?”
“I would suggest that if your goal was to rescind the blasphemy charge and allow the half brains access to the sacred water, we should consider the compromise Jason used.  Daniel tells me he can supply enough of the soil substitute to meet the needs of the half brains.  Let the church people have the victory of restricting the sacred water to those who are citizens.  If Daniel is right, in one generation deformed half brain babies will become a thing of history.”
“You would grant citizenship to the half brain children?”
Her father replied, “If a child is born without the stigmata I would declare that child a citizen.”
Heather realized her father’s plan would accomplish the same goal and reduce the level of confrontation she had created.  She did not trust the high priest, but her father’s plan made sense.  She agreed and her father suggested she send for the high priest while Daniel retired to the next room.
When the high priest arrived Heather was sitting in front of her father and his queen was at his side.  Betty sat behind the throne as the Queen’s attendant.  Her father received the gratuitous greeting from the high priest.  His response was spoken in a voice which seemed weaker than it had been earlier.  He continued, “My daughter tells me you have rescinded the blasphemy charge against the healer from the forest.”
The high priest handed the King the affidavit.  Heather’s father accepted the affidavit but said, “We have known each other for a longtime and if you tell me it is so then I believe you.”
The high priest went on a long convoluted explanation of why the blasphemy charge could be rescinded despite the illogical claims of the healer from the forest.  Heather had trouble following the priest’s line of reasoning, but her father listened intently.  When the long explanation was finished Heather’s father asked, “Are you saying that the law may not prohibit the use of sacred water by the half brains but you would counsel against it?”
The high priest said he strongly counseled against allowing the half brains access to the sacred water.  Heather’s father responded, “If I do as you suggest and continue the prohibition of non-citizens from using the sacred water, you would not have a problem if the soil substitute was made available to them, would you?”
The high priest said, “The law speaks only of the sacred water and I must defend the law.”
Without looking at his daughter, the King responded, “Youth have an exuberance for change but they do not always understand the reason for traditional rules.  Just to make sure I’m clear on this, you’re saying that it would be appropriate to allow half brains access to the soil substitute and any child born in our kingdom without the stigmata of deformity, would be a full citizen of our kingdom?”
The high priest replied, “Your understanding of the law is excellent, your Highness.”
Before the priest could launch into another one of his long convoluted explanations the King said, “I would thank you for your time and patience as I struggled to understand the law as it applies to the sacred water.  I would appreciate your efforts in having the royal scribe put this discussion on paper before you return to your quarters.  Now I must sleep.”
The high priest bowed to the King and glared at Heather as he turned and exited the room.  The guard escorted him back to the throne room.  When they were sure the priest was beyond hearing them, Heather asked Daniel to come out.  She said, “I trust him not.”
Her father gently said, “There are not many you can trust fully.  Because the high priest feels he is victorious he will be less of an enemy.  The good news is we can now plan a celebration of both our victory and your wedding.”
Daniel was staring at the King who asked, “What’s wrong?”
Daniel replied, “Sir, you moved your right shoulder.  The paralysis from the poison is finally dissipating.”
The King again tried moving the stub of his right arm and was able to raise it up.  Heather asked, “Daniel of Issip, does this mean you give us genuine hope?”
Daniel replied, “The body restores itself, I would expect a recovery.”
Tears of joy flowed and a general commotion ensued.  Only after several minutes did Betty speak up.  She pulled on Daniel’s sleeve and asked, “Does this mean my baby can be a citizen?”
Daniel looked up at the King and Queen who had questioning looks on their faces.  He explained how Betty’s baby was born without the stigmata because of the sacred water the Queen had Betty drink.
The King without hesitation said, “Most certainly.”
The Queen said, “Betty, I want you to get your baby at once so he can be raised here in the Palace with us.
Betty’s face was aglow but she was crying so hard she could not answer.

The end.


"The Time Before", continues the story of Daniel and Heather as they work to protect their peoples against those of the Red Ambassador.  It is nearing completion and I will publish it at Smashwords.com.

I can be contacted at: DocKaluza@gmail.com or at:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Doc-Kaluza/172455206099307.
