Hapless Heroes
By: Travis Alexander Wolph

The original text was translated from “Common” to “English” for the sake of understanding as well as brevity. No one wants an entire chapter based on bad karaoke. Trust us. If capital letters, words, or phrases are incorrect please contact # 881F-6759O-05784F-00748F-XVIIX-A-8X9IK-Log-Complaint.orrils

Peface: Hapless Heroes 

...What? We actually have someone here? Are you certain of this?

Well if you’re here, and obviously reading this text, let’s make sure that you’re actually aware of your current situation and if you’re in the right place.
If you’re looking for a grand story with friendly characters, wonderous adventures, compelling villains, excitement, humor, and a story that will leave you in a state of wonder or in awe, then you might want to look elsewhere. Hell, anywhere else other than this piece of Science-Fantasy shlock.

This story is laced with: crude humor, sarcastic and snarky narration, stupid irresponsible asshats, careless and dangerous use of magick, words with the letters K, X, or Z where they usually aren’t consistently, swearing, potty humor, and obscenities. 
Trust me, if you value your IQ points you’ll want to run away right about now. I can’t guarantee you won’t lose a few here and there if you read this story. 

...Still here?
Well, your curiosity must still be nagging you to find out more about this story. So let me share some stats from the end of these two books for you, so you can forgo reading them yourself.
One person dies, one person gets humiliated, another whines like a bitch for a good chunk of the books, one guy is a lazy jackass, and one gets a big ego. 
Trust me, those are the takeaways as far as the characters go. These individuals may be revered as ‘Heroes’ under certain lights, but let me assure you, they are disappointingly human… in a manner of speaking.

...What? That’s still not enough?
Well then, let me continue to degrade this story, maybe if I stop sugar coating it you’ll come to your senses and put this book down.
It may be about magick and is set in space, but there are large plot holes in this story. If you think about situations actually using your frontal lobe you’ll see them as well.
There will be plenty of ‘Well why didn’t they…?’ or ‘Well they should have…’ and I’ll completely agree with you. 
Those involved are in no way, shape, or form highly intelligent. In all honesty, I’m surprised most of them can even breathe through their noses.
The fact that they can legally identify as intelligent life baffles me every time I think about it. 
Sooo, shoo…

...Are you mad? You still want to read this trainwreck?
Let me make this pristinely clear, this is not a tale for those who can count how many toes they have without using their fingers.
This is a tale for who would be ranked as the elite zounderkite.

...Oh, I think I get it. 
You want to watch as everything burns and to witness each act of stupidity, right? It’s like why people watched Zendarkin Shore, or the Swallowdatioans. 

Well, that makes sense then. 
I thought I was going to have to degrade your intelligence next. I was going to say something along the lines of ‘I do believe I found the village idiot, and the poor bastad thinks he can read about his kind’. Thankfully it didn’t have to come to that, so I guess without further delay, and my pointless yammering, let’s get this giant parade of idiocy started. 

I suppose I should start with a brief introduction to let you know a few things about the world... well, figuratively speaking ‘world’. 
Universe would have been a better phrase, because we happen to be in space… that’s right, space. The-not-so-final-frontier. 
Back in the day, people realized that the population was rising too rapidly on the home planet. Harmonia Vitae, or HV1. 
The planet’s best and brightest got together and created, what would be called later the ‘Declaration Of Space Habitation’. The process was originally thought to only take twenty years to finely tune these rules. 
However, it ultimately took twice as long. After those long forty years, they finally left the home planet to go explore the depths of space.
That document ended up being about five thousand pages longer than the Ancient King’s law set called ‘Laws of The Land’.
The Declaration adopted the entire Laws of The Land for life on every habitable planet. The Declaration focuses on how to handle living on planets, making them habitable, and what to prepare for. 

At that particular point in time, there were no other forms of life in the  entire universe, only the inhabitants of Harmonia Vitae 1.
They slowly populated nearly every galaxy. Free to go wherever they wanted, to live wherever they wanted, and to build wherever they wanted. 
Following the Declaration’s guidelines and rules allowed life to thrive nearly everywhere, and it’s laws were always governed corruption free.
Now, somewhere in the original ‘Laws of the Land’ it discussed how to best protect the entire population of the universe.  What they decided upon has been followed to this very day. People protecting people, via a guild system. A guild consists of any number of powerful mages all teamed together to protect the populous.
When it comes to protecting people, races usually decided to stick together. Humans usually watched over humans, cyborgs protected their tech families, demons watched over demons, beasts protected their packs, and angels defended their brothers when attacked. 
It sounds like there might be a lot of racial tension existing, and there was… about ten thousand years ago, civilization has mellowed out as a whole since then, right after most of the humans had died. What a lot of trouble makers.

There was an existing ‘Guild’ System on Harmonia Vitae, so they decided to keep guilds patrolling and protecting,  they had larger territories to cover though.
Now each guild is a part of what’s called ‘The Order’, but each guild is run separately. Each guild followed a certain code being part of ‘The Order’, but there’s a certain hierarchy set in place.
The hierarchy is  based solely on their merits they’ve earned through their careers. The head honchos, called ‘Archeons’, are typically the strongest mages and/or warriors. There is one above all the others, a ‘Big Boss’ if you will.

The Elder of The Order. 
There has always been an Elder of the Order. The title passes from Elder to Elder, they also pass along their power from mage to mage. So the Elder has thousands of years of experience, power, intellect, and so on. There was another category of highly powerful mages, they were labeled as ‘Voyagers’. As the title suggests, they are mages that travel around the various galaxies helping out in any way they could. 
Though to obtain the title of ‘Voyager’ one had to prove themselves. I guess in a sense you could think of each ‘Voyager’ as a hero.
The ‘Voyagers’ are given a wide array of privileges that grant them the freedom necessary to protect the innocent, nigh carte blanche. However, the ‘Voyagers’ are only awarded their title from the Elder directly, if the Elder doesn’t approve, they can’t be a ‘Voyager’ at that point in time. 

Digressing back to the Guilds, each guild has a deluxe spaceship as their default base of operations. Personal vehicles are provided to each member of the guild, based on their merits. Starting to see a theme?
Each guild has to fulfill a minimum amount of quests to maintain their membership, as well as get funding upon completion of each quest. Usually the guilds are proactive and constantly wander in their section of space and look for ways to help people, most guild quests come from what they find randomly. 
Every once in a while the head honchos of the Order will mandate a certain mission to guilds, these missions can not be ignored. Failure to comply with one of these missions results in getting the axe.

Now let’s look at the most important aspect of this universe.  Magick. Magick does exist, and has been thoroughly studied. For… well, for as long as written history has been established.  
Magick has always been an element of life. Upon studying magick there seems to have been an ‘understanding’ of how magick works in relation to reality.
To put it simply, magick is the ability to reconstruct, deconstruct, change, alter, destroy, create, or manipulate reality in any unnatural way. IE anything that defies any of the Laws of Sciences, Equivalent Exchange, and Mathematics.
For example Fire mages are known to have their energy take the form of Fire, without any outside help from the environment. IE, their fire doesn’t need oxygen to burn. A common training regimen for a fire mage is to try to create fire in the vacuum of space. Not an easy task.

All magick breaks down into the following Schools of Magick:
1: Healing Magick (White Magick), 
2: Size and Image Magick (Green Magick), 
3: Sound Magick (Red Magick), 
4: Creation Magick (Orange Magick), 
5: Sex Magick (Pink Magick),
6: Necromancy (Purple Magick), 
7: Psychic Magick (Yellow Magick), 
8: Food Magick (Blue Magick), 
9: Battle Magick (Bloodline/Genetic+Black Magick+Everything else).
Mages could always mix any of the schools together to get really interesting results. The biggest limitation in magick is often the caster’s imagination.

Of course magick needs fuel, and that’s what we call ‘Energy’.
Every individual has some amount of energy, and can hone their abilities with their energy, or simply put, they can power up.  With training, ‘some’ energy can turn into ‘monstrous’ amounts of energy.
Energy can be used to boost physical parameters, mental parameters, and magickal parameters. The more energy put into them, the more ‘powerful’ they can temporarily become.

One highly common, and difficult, use of energy is the creation of a weapon. Those few who can channel their energies at such a fine, and high level, are often called ‘the best’. 
When energy coats, or creates, weapons they’re highly versatile, and better yet? Lethal. Against most creatures/forms, magick weapons shred through almost everything. Kill a mage despite their current body’s properties.
With a fine control over a type of magick, anyone has the potential to be great. Anyone can raise to the top, with enough work.  
Imagine that, a world where hard work actually pays off. 

Another example would be destrucktion mages, as a whole. Destrucktion magick is essentially the simplest form of magick. It’s all about deconstructing anything and everything. Good Destrucktion Mages are hard to find, because it’s so easy to lose their concentration and blow themselves up. I believe it's the current leading cause of death actually. 
Master mages of any trait can focus their energy around themselves to create an aura of armor. 

An additional aspect of having guilds and Voyagers is to establish a system that can honor the heroes protecting everyone… Or rather milk the situation.
Trading cards, podcasts, brand deals, ‘Training with…’ videos, self published albums, novels, biographies, pornography, movies, television series, and most odd of all, tours around the galaxies. They’re basically celebrities.  
Tours were essentially the culmination of the top tiered Voyagers who are loved throughout the entire universe. There aren’t too many Voyagers on that level at any one given time, the requirements for that title are ridiculous.
It’s sickening how they milk it through the universe. The Order doesn’t pay the Voyagers, they do provide them with a Marketing and PR team, Graphic Designers, and get put through a comprehensive management course.

But, what if they decided to team up and throw over the Order?
Surprisingly, that has never been a thing. It seems like people are more than happy just to be by themselves and follow the rules… Well, mostly.
It is worth noting that there was a hilarious case where a potential ‘Voyager’ lost her temper and lashed out at the Order. She was a captain that had fancied herself as a goddess and was under consideration of becoming a Voyager, the Elder took one look at her and told her that she’d never become a Voyager. They fought, and there was no trace of her afterwards.
It’s rumored that any Voyager who rebel are the only targets that The Elder, or his number one at the time go after. Keeping the rest in check.
Clearly the Elder of the Order is someone not to be trifled with 

So now that we finally have a little bit of backstory, magickal understanding, and world building done, let’s look at the story and some of the main players in it.
The losers in question are the individuals in the guild Civil Distortion.
A lazy fire mage, a wimpy water mage, a pathetic white mage, and a naive destrucktion mage. As well as them getting involved with a has been Voyager.

I think it all started on a Monday, because nothing wonderful ever begins on a Monday. Good stories always start on Fridays, and fantastic stories always end on Tuesdays. This I think story might end on a Thursday, the bastad day of the week. It’s not hump-day, it’s not the weekend, and it’s not evil.


Chapter 1
Freaks Like Us

“I admit, I may have fucked up.” 
Those words hung heavy in the air.
 
Spike Frusciante and Joseph Glixor were called into their Guild Captain’s office, all because of some actions that occurred… That may, or may not, have been committed by Spike, entirely. 
Spike was a young man with wavy firetruck red hair, with the occasional blond streak. His guild uniform was half on, he was wearing his red tailcoat, but he had on a pair of black sweatpants to go with it.
Joseph had short wavy blue hair and wore a pair of glasses, which happened to be bent. He was fully suited up with a blue tailcoat, and had his long blue pants on.  He always hung around Spike… Or was it the other way around?  
Doesn’t matter.

They were talking to their Captain. Priscilla Mokolov Mk IX, a woman, err, cyber-woman, with silver hair and very little patience left. 
Her clothing was what some call ‘modern’. It's essentially a fancy white robe interlaced with her circuitry, which allows her to change her robe by thought.  Right now, she was putting on battle armor.
A few lights along the top of her forehead were blinking, and what was green was now a bright red light. Her patience’s limit was finally reached.
“Really?” She said with disgust from behind her desk, “You ‘may have’ fluxed up?” She asked thoroughly annoyed, “Please elaborate the ‘may have’ aspect, because from my end it looks like this flux up was entirely your fault!” She yelled at Spike, materializing spikes emerging from the front of her armor.
“They started it, besides I thought you’d be furious if I let those guys talk trash on our guild!” Spike tried to say in his defence.
“While you might be right on some level, setting their entire base’s supply of herbs on fire to stone the entire base was a tad too much.” Priscilla exhausted. 
“None of them were complaining!” Spike said failing to hide his grin.
“They were bombed out of their minds, of course they weren’t complaining!” she pointed out leaning back in her chair, “That doesn’t mean that they wouldn’t be fining us for your moronic actions when they sobered up!”
“Oh come on now, they’re a guild of geomancers for crying out loud! They’ll be fine, they can grow it back no problem.” Spike moaned.
“That’s not the point.” She exhausted again.
“Then what is? Replacing their loss of twenty thousand credits?” Spike asked her, “I can toss them that amount out right now, twenty grand isn’t-”
“-Twenty five thousand two hundred and fifty one credits.” Priscilla pointed out, “Taxes and markup rates still apply”
“See, I told you she got that software upgrade.” Joseph told Spike.
“My software is none of your concern.” Priscilla said snidely.
“Joe wants your software to meet his hard drive.” Spike muttered under his breath, so that neither one of them could hear him.

“What’s that?” She asked curtly
“Nothing.” Spike said turning around, “Well we all know that we have our insurance that can cover this.” He started to walk away.
“How many times do I have to tell you, it’s not insurance! It’s Order liability coverage!” She groaned, “Get back here Porcupine, we’re not done yet!”
“I screw something up, they pay for it, and we make monthly payments for the service. It’s insurance.” Spike pointed out while halting.
“I mean technically he’s right.” Joseph begrudgingly admitted.
“What was that beta bro?” She snarked, “Say something to defend yourself.”
“Not cool.” Spike said turning his head, “If you’re pissy at me, then be a big girl and come after father!” he said while turning around while motioning for her to charge at him. “Come to papa!”
“Gladly Pointy.” She growled, “As punishment for your actions, I’m mandating that you go as our representative to the Pain Olympics this year!”
“You mean the Battle of The Best?” Joseph asked in shock, “But I wanted-”
“No you don’t.” The two said in unison.

“The contest is brutal, Joe.” Spike said going over to Joseph, “I know you want to be awesome, but… maybe watch how badly I get manhandled, and then take a second assessment.” Spike comforted Joseph along with a pat on the back, “Judge if it’s worth it after I return looking like a side of ground beholder.” 
“I agree with the meat shield.” She said with a cocky smile, “Watch him get maimed a bit, before you decide that you want to put your squishy body through that next year. Learn from his mistakes.” She sassed him from behind her desk.
“So what exactly happens if I win the contest?” Spike said putting on his infamous shit eating grin. One he had stolen off an old mentor.
“I’ll fluxing blow you if that happens!” She said with a laugh. 

Spike walked over and extended his hand towards Priscilla. “Shake on it, or I won’t participate. I’ll forfeit the moment I’m in the ring otherwise.”
She couldn’t help but laugh, “Fine, have it your way you lazy bastad.” Priscilla leaned over her desk and shook Spike’s hand, “I shake on it, and I understand what that means. You have my word, yada-yada.” She smirked, “Best bet ever, I get to see you get maimed, crushed, and defeated Frusciante. With a witness so no one gets any ideas to weasel out of the bet!” She pointed to Joseph.
“Alright, so all parties heard that’s my reward for winning!” Spike smiled letting go of Priscilla’s hand, “Joe we’re doubling up on our daily training exercises! Hell, maybe even quadrupling it!”
“Like I’ve been wanting to?!” Joseph asked excitedly.
“Precisely!” Spike walked out the door, but leaned back in the door frame to say to his boss. “Priscilla get ready for nine and three quarters RU after I win!” He left with a confident grin, “Or 24.8 Centimeters!” Spike said from down the hall, “Gotta have that conversion for everyone!”

The other two were a little stunned by Spike’s drastic change in behavior.
“For the love of Science, what did I just agree to?” Priscilla asked in astonishment, as she rested her head and arms on the top of her desk.
“Relax, I’m sure he won’t win. It’s a safe bet to make!” Joseph tried to comfort her. He noticed piles of paper laying across the table, totally unorganized, “Besides, do you really think that lazy asshole will make it past the opening round?” Joseph said, able to get his Captain to laugh and sit back up.
“I mean I guess.” She sighed with a smirk, she then suddenly looked disgruntled as she asked Joseph. “Glixor, can you explain why I don’t just fire Spike?”
“Uhhhh,” Joseph stammered for a second in fear.
“No, no. Not what I meant.” She stopped him, she sat up to say, “I literally mean what I said, I don’t know why I don’t just fire him. All logical solutions indicate that I should just let him go, but… I don’t want to do that.” She said confused “It’s just… an anomaly.”
“Maybe because you want to see him get beat into a bloody pulp at the contest.” Joseph winked. “You twisted Captain.”
“That I am, thanks for listening Glixor.” She said leaning back in her chair “Now,” she smiled and pointed at the door, “Get the flux out of my office!”

Little did anyone know, but Spike would go on and… well, that’s not really a part of this story. Maybe I’ll get to that tale another time, but for now…

“Come on dude, I told Shae we were going down to train soon.” Spike said while the two walked through their ship’s living quarters. “I’m gonna hurry up and get changed, don’t take too long writing home this time.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah.” Joseph said “I’ll let mom know you said hi.”
“Tell Layna I’m gonna boink her someday” Spike said practically by reflex as he went into his room. “I’m gonna send another request of information in the meantime. I wonder if Priscilla had any intel sent to her...” he prattled off
Joseph walked into his room, it was rather boring if I must say.  
Just a bed, a desk, a lamp, and a closet… as well as a giant fanboy altar of his favorite Voyager of The Order, Captain Lux.  Top Tiered Destrcuktion Mage.
Joseph went to his desk and started writing to his mommy.

‘Hey Mom,
It’s your little Jojo, it’s getting to be that time of the month again so here’s what’s going on with me and my life. It’s been a pretty slow month if I’m being honest.
We’ve completed our quota of quests this month within the first two weeks, and from there we kinda… Well, we did nothing. It’s kinda disappointing too.
We’re stationed near the Horrus Galaxy for crying out loud. There are at least a half dozen planets with ancient, abandoned, and powerful dungeons just waiting for us to go explore. Have we? Nope, but that may change soon. All because of Spike’s mouth.

First of all, Spike says hi. Secondly, Spike opened his mouth (Shocking, I know) and he was ‘nominated’ to be our entry into the Battle of the Best this year.
The strange thing is that he’s taking that seriously. He wanted to up our training regiment, so I’m pretty sure that I could convince him to go out to one of the deserted planets and just mess around and destroy shix. I’m sure Shae would love to join us for the fun as well.
I should mention that if Spike wins… Nevermind, it’ll never happen. 
However if he does well at the fight, maybe we can get our very own planet Geo-crafted! I’m kinda tired of living on a ship. I guess if Spike does well, maybe things can finally start to change for the best around here. For the guild. 

Maybe we can finally get recognised from the higher ups in the Order. I mean, there have been reports that The Salamander and the Fate Destroyer Voyagers are close to this galaxy. Maybe if we can bump into them then we actually go exploring in the galaxy.
Though those two are great, but, I’d still love to meet him... 
The Destrucktive force of nature, the Voyager of Devastation, The Starr Crusher, The Survivor With The Last Stand, The Defender, the one and only Captain Lux!
The Greatest Mage of our time, no, of all time!
If I got the chance to meet my hero… No, better yet. I’m going to devote my training from here to get powerful enough so that way he takes note of me and my guild. Why meet your heroes if you can’t stand with them on an even level?  It’s not like I don’t have five thousand-ish years left, plenty of time to train! Anyway, I got your present for my birthday! Thank you for the work out regimen from the Open Ocean, it’s kicking my ass so it must be working!

Alright, so let’s talk about the elephant in the room, yes I’m talking about her. The siren in my life… Robo-siren… though, not like that B-Movie you showed us back in High School. 
Priscilla. 
Yes, my heart is still being that slow kid in class. It hasn’t learned anything yet.
There is no good reason… well… you know how stupid a person is when they’re smitten by someone… At least Spike can relate to this.

Speaking of which, Spike just stuck his head in to say that if he starts training before I do that he’s going to read this letter I’m writing over the speaker system, and I just can’t have that happen. Talk to you later mom, glad to hear that things are going well for you.

From your little boy, Jo-Jo’
Sent.

“Sooo, what you’re saying is that you opened your mouth, and now you want to start backing up what you’re saying?” A silver and black haired woman asked with a smirk, “Wow, look at you guys, finally growing up!”
Spike and Joseph had found themselves in the training hall, the guys decided that they might as well try to better themselves ASAP.
Before going down there Spike ran into their Vice Captain, Shae Strox. Unlike Priscilla, Shae was an even tempered biological being… most of the time.

...You know, thinking about it, why didn’t someone install a better personality into Priscilla? I mean the technology is there so why… 
Nevermind, I’m just poking holes in the story, that’s all. Let’s resume...

“Hey now, you can’t prove that” Spike said raising a finger in defence, “That’s Just A Theory” He said with a smile.
“Game or Film?” Shae said pushing Spike’s finger down. 
“Conspiracy!” Spike smiled.
“Soooo, you guys know the routine.” Shae grinned, “Say it” she demanded.
“Do I have to?” Spike moaned, “We both know I won’t mean it.”
“Shae is the best Mage-Knight in the guild and I bow before her” Joseph said bowing right away, “I am just a small puddle of water, compared to Shae’s magnificent waterfall of beauty and might”
“Thank you Joseph!” Shae applauded him, she turned to Spike and grinned wider. “Say it bitch” she winked at him.
“Bite me.” Spike grinned back at her.
“You wish I would.” She said with a chuckle, she turned to Joseph. “Let’s go Joseph, I’ve got a mission lined up for training purposes.”
“Oh, where are we going?” Joseph asked, but was talked over.
“Have fun you two!” Spike said walking away, “I’ll be studying.”
“Have it your way!” She said turning to Joseph “Alright Joe, we’re headed to Pursecioux, raw power training today!” 
Joseph counted down from three using his fingers, leading to...

“Wait, wait, wait!” Spike said changing his attitude, “Like Pursecioux in the neighboring Vermillion galaxy?!” 
“Why yes” Shae grinned back at Spike “The very same.”
“I think I’ve had a change of heart!” Spike said walking towards  his friends. “I think I’ll come along with you guys”
“How pathetically predictable” Joseph said with a smile. He looked over to Shae with that smile “You know what that means, right Shae?” 
“Of course” She smiled as she turned to Spike “Joseph be happy you didn’t push your luck, now I have to thoroughly embarrass Spike. All by himself.” She sighed with a wicked grin, “I would of had a ball if both of you were together for the embarrassment. Though we all know that I’m the best when it comes to tormenting people” 
“Alright, quit jerking yourself off” Spike said walking up next to the two. “What’s your punishment?”
“I’m sorry, who are you talking to?” She said with an obnoxious grin.
“Thus it begins/” Spike sighed, “What punishment do you have in mind for me, my Mistress of Destruction?”
“Much better,” Shae said while reaching into her pocket. She pulled out a black studded collar and tossed it to Spike “Put it on bitch” 
“I’m not going to like this at all, am I?” Spike asked, putting on his collar.
“Iiii doooon’t caaaarrreee.” She sang as she walked over to tighten the collar, “Come on guys, we’ll take my ship since Spike’s ship is still under repair.”  Shae said leading the way, “Last one there’s a rotten Juiasx!”
“You mean the green cum is still crusted all over the keyboards?” Joseph asked facetiously, “You still haven’t explained that”
“How many times have I told you not to call it cum!” Spike said defeated.
“Fine, bodily discharge… No, flux you, it’s green alien cum” Joseph said giving Spike shix, “She must have been quite a squirter.”
“Ugh, I can’t believe I had to shave my ass hair because of that incident,” He sighed. “Some people just can’t perform well under pressure.
“Come on you lazy slobs!” Shae said opening the door leading down to their hanger, “We’re going to leave in ten minutes. Take your potty breaks now, or forever hold your pee.”

Mission: ‘Peacekeeping’ Mission. Type:8A
Dispatch:  Civil Distortion;
Vice Captain: Shae Strox, Destrucktion Mage
Tactician: Spike Frusciante , Elemental (Fire) Mage
Engineer: Joseph Glixor, Elemental (Water) Mage
Additional Resources: N/A 
Location: Planet: Pursecioux: Vermillion Galaxy
Briefing: We’ve tracked down a Mafia’s weapons lab, weapons that are currently illegal in most galaxies. Destroy anything, and everything, that is in there. Conditions are as follows:
1: All the weapons must be destroyed. We must maintain peace on the planet, we don’t want to have a paradise corrupted.
2: Stay alive 
3: Anything else goes.
And above all
4: Have fun!
Rewards: TBD

“Hey guys, I’m starting to think that you guys don’t think that my life matters at all.” Spike whined over the intercom, “How about Joe comes down here with me so I’m not partying by myself?” Spike begged before being muted.
“Negative,” Both Joseph and Shae said over the intercom. 
They had sent Spike down to the planet to be their bait, err, man on the ground. Joseph and Shae were still in her ship somewhere in the planet’s stratosphere. They had set up a link that showcased Spike’s pathetic sneaking via his Virtua System, to a monitor in Shae’s for them to watch. 
The fact they had just finished a bowl of popcorn clearly meant that Spike was taking too long.

“Besides, you’re not alone down there.” Shae reminded him of the obvious, “you have about thirty grunts in their armory.” she pressed a button so they could hear him from his Virtua System.
“-Thirty?! I only counted twenty-seven!” Spike said annoyed.
“She meant to say twenty nine.” Joseph reported “You’ve got this little bro!”
“Let’s see how he does,” Shae said grabbing a remote control. After pressing a few buttons the remote stuck a needle into her hand from her Virtua System to the monitor. Using her own energy the monitor’s volume. Which enabled an audio feed from the room where Spike was at. Gotta love Red Magick.

Quick bit of exposition here, energy is able to fuel technology to do the impossible. Give access to audio from an enclosed area, access to various satellites to give live map updates with energy signatures. Basically, if you can think of it, there’s a way magick and technology can do it. 
The operatives of The Order each have a device that can access nearly everything they want, those are called ‘Virtua Systems’. Personal phone, digital assistant, computer, magickal writer’s convenience, gaming platform, and so much more all are on one little thing attached to their arm. I’m sure there’s going to be zero Fallout with that product, anyhow...

The monitor showed Spike hiding behind a massive steel container. Two heavily armed guards were patrolling the building. A loud clanging of machinery could be heard from somewhere in the building, and the piece of resistance, a ton of illegal advanced weaponry just hanging out in massive piles out in the open.
“You know you may have neglected the fact that the mission on the PARADISE PLANET, was to eradicate a certain mafia’s weapon supply!” Spike griped, “Not even the syndicate I’m aiming for.”
“We just happened to be responsible for keeping the planet sparkling this time.” Shae told Spike, “Weeellll, if you need any help, you know what to say”
There was a brief moment of silence before Spike spoke up. “What are the fail conditions again?” He asked with a new tone of excitement.
“If we die, we fail.” Shae grinned sitting back in her seat, “Well how about it? Do you wanna be my little bitch?” She asked snarkily.
“Hell no!” Spike said before maniacally laughing, “Get Joseph down here, I’m gonna cause some collateral damage!”
“Just some?” Shae asked sarcastically, “Didn’t you say that you wanted to, ‘start training’? Why not start here?”
“Fine, all the collateral damage I can!” Spike chuckled before cutting communications. He needed to start focusing.

The two looked on the screen and saw that Spike had started to transform his hands into blindingly bright white flames. From there he started to shoot two intense flames out of his hands and started to literally burn through everything.
The warehouse that he was in caught fire, fast. Spike first melted the weapons, from there he started to torch the entire facility, and finally, decimate the grunts who were foolish enough not to have run already.
“Uhhh, Shae, he’s not joking.” Joseph pointed out somewhat concerned, “Should I go down there to put out the fires?”
“Nah!” Shae said with glee, “Hopefully we can use this mission as proof that we shouldn’t be trusted to do anything important.” She said as she pulled a bag of Cxila to snack on out of her pocket. “Come to me sugary-buttery goodness!”
“Did you… Did you set this whole thing up?!” Joseph asked in shock.
Shae opened her snack bag, spilling only a few.“I originally just planned on doing this myself and destroy the entire facility. Spike on the other hand can take a much more artistic approach to destruction with his fire.”  Shae explained to Joseph before taking a handful of her snack, “So I guess you could either kick back and relax, or sit by and watch the hellfire consume the building.” She extended the bag to offer Joseph some as she shoved the food in her mouth.
“Pass on both.” Joseph said while walking towards the ship’s door, “I’m going to try to make sure he doesn’t cause too much unnecessary damage.” Joseph said readying himself, “Priscilla is already overclocking by Spike’s shenanigans from last time, so I’d rather not get her any more heated.”
“You know your devotion isn’t really making her ports light up for you.” Shae said as Joseph was leaving the control room, “Be a bastad for once in your life, show her you’re able to be defiant! Chicks dig the cliche bad boy!”
“Whatever you say.” Joseph said practically dismissing her, “I’m just a good Space Mage, what can I say?” Joseph bragged as he walked to the bay doors, he wanted to see the situation play out. Shae of course followed him.

“Do Androids even have functional genitalia?” Shae asked Joseph on the way over, “Would you two even be able to bang?”
“This one does,” Joseph said while he opened the bay doors. 
“Slightly creepy that you know that Joseph,” Shae sighed “Dare I ask?”
“Trust me, I’d rather not tell you.” He said full of shame while opening the doors. Volatile smoke from the inferno below made its way into the ship, and up Joseph’s nose. “Gross!” Joseph said in between coughs.
“Let’s just put obvious answers aside here, You do know that relationships between mages of the same guilds are forbidden right?” Shae reminded Joseph as she extended her arm to the doors. With a gentle stream of energy flowing from her, the smoke was now being repelled from the ship’s doors.
“We could always keep it a secret?” Joseph said reaching for a decent answer. Alas, that definitely wasn’t it.
“Keep it a secret… riiiight.” Shae said sarcastically “That’s something so stupid that I’d expect Spike to say it.”
“It could happen.” Joseph said, more trying to convince himself, no dice.

“Uhh, Shae.” Spike said over the intercom “I’ve got an issue.”
“Yeah he does!” Joseph managed to say while he finished coughing from the smoke, “Shae look at what they have out fighting Spike!” 
Shae turned to the monitor and saw what they were talking about. 
The warehouse was pretty much ashes at this point, but there were two figures standing still in the ruins. 
Spike being one. Currently his body had taken on the properties of fire, to be one with his element. The other was a giant two story robot, made with some magick resistant material. The robot was currently firing all its weaponry at Spike.  Try as he might, all of Spike’s current fires just bounced off that thing. 
“Oh, that looks soooo dangerous.” She said with an even tone, clearly bored “Spike any chance you want to say the thing? I’m getting sleepy waiting for you.”
“I’ll start using Supernova levels of heat before I say that.” Spike reported, dodging the robot’s artillery fire. “So I guess you gotta decide on who gets the glory here. The person who scorched the planet, or someone who probably had snacks while watching her operative do the dirty work.”
“Spike don’t go supernova!” Joseph yelled, “You’ll destroy the planet’s atmosphere and burn a good chunk of the planet!”
“I’m gonna do it.” Spike reported, “In three… two… on-”
“Fine, I get it.” Shae sighed “I’ll take the glory, I’ll take care of this chump.” Shae walked over to the bay doors and looked down at the wreckage.

Spike was in the form of a fire elemental, a fraction of the size of  the machine. It was landing hits from its weapon, but to Spike’s luck, none of the missiles were anti-magick. 
Shae grabbed a parachute and looked over to Joseph, “Joe, I promised you training, but it might look like-”
“Spike damage control?” Joseph answered grabbing the extra parachute, “That’s practically my full time training regiment as his big brother.”
“Precisely!” She smiled as she pointed down to the ground, “Now get down there and start training!”
“I’m actually okay with this!” Joseph said putting on the parachute, “I’ve been following along to a new training program, I’ve been dying to test out a few of the spells that I’ve learned so far.” Joseph became ecstatic as he looked down. Shae smiled and turned to the open door and jumped out.

“Spike, your mistress is here to save your ass!” Shae said while making her way down. “Free-ish of charge!”
“Thank you mistress!” Spike said morphing back into a humanoid. “We’re all good down here, rip that thing apart!” Shae started calmly breathing, taking aim at the robot. She grinned as she finished enchanting herself, her hands were covered with her pure Destrucktion energy. 
In a single fluid movement, Shae threw just one air-punch, causing a giant fist shaped hole to appear in the robot, the parts blew out beneath it. 
It was now just an expensive scrap heap. “That was too easy!” Shae said pulling the string to her parachute, the parachute deployed successfully… Unlike Joseph’s.

“HELP ME!” Joseph yelled on his way down.
“Joe, just use your magick!” Spike said calmly. 
Before Joseph was gonna go splat, he managed to turn into water. Causing a splash, not a splat. Water started gathering in a puddle, which reunited to make Joseph, who just whined. “I just shaved off a few years with that free-fall.”
“We’re all finally out here!” Spike said, luckily he still had his full guild uniform on, they all did as a matter of fact. 
With their guild’s emblem on the back of all their uniforms.

Oh, right.  
Quick aside, guild uniforms are custom tailored for each member. They are nigh-indestructible magickal clothes that are bound to a person’s body.
So much so that  it has the ability to transform elementally with the Mage’s elemental form. When they return to their fleshy forms the uniforms return to being normal clothing. Maybe a slight bit soggy, or toasty, sometimes.
A wondrous combination of Magick and Technology.
For beings that don’t use elemental magick, the clothes that they have a decent regenerative buff on them. A Destrucktion Mage’s spells are too destructive and tear away at normal clothing by accident. 
Guild uniforms can regenerate back to practically new five minutes later.

Writer’s convenience? One hundred percent.
Back to the story…

“Oh come on Spike, we both know you could have taken that thing without going full-on Supernova!” Shae said while landing. “You’re just being lazy, again.”
“You can’t prove that!” Spike grinned, tossing his collar down to Shae’s feet, “I think I found something of yours.”
“Spiiiiike,” She said picking it up. Shae grinned and looked up at him, “What do you think you’re doing?”
“I think you know what I’m planning” He said igniting his fists. “I’m not going to be your little bitch.” he materialized a hand from his fire to give her the phoenix. 
“You know what you’re asking for, right?” Shae said with a smile as she started to stretch her arms, “This is when the real training begins gentlemen!”
“Joe do you want in on this? I’m pretty sure that if we team up we can take her easily.” Spike said trying to convince Joseph.
“Good grief” Joseph said with a grin “You just want to push most of the work on me… again.”
“So that’s a yes!” Spike grinned towards his friends. “I think we all know what comes next.”
“Right,” Joseph grinned and started pressing buttons on the Virtua System on his arm. Standard issue for all Order operatives. “It’s my turn right?”
“Yupp,” Shae said while sending out a large wave of destrucktion magick. The other two were quick enough to jump over the wave to avoid harm. “Alright that should do it” Shae said proudly. “A two milo radius for our battle.”
“Joe, you got the VS transmitter?” Spike said looking over to Joseph. 
“Yupp setting it up right now.” Joseph said while something flew high in the air. The Virtua System that was on Joseph’s wrist had an internal drone camera, for occasions where you need to have your hands free.
“We are live and in your face!” Spike yelled to the camera “I’m Spike, Fire Mage of Civil Distortion here for a broadcasted brawl!” 
“Vice Captain present!” She said waving to the camera, “Shae Strox, Destrucktion Mage Extraordinaire for Civil Distortion ready for battle!” 
“I’m Joseph Glixor the Water Mage and Engineer from Civil Distortion ready and rearing!” He said loudly and proudly.
The three looked at each other and said in unison, “I hereby state that I am ready for live combat. For The Order and Civil Distortion!”
Just like that, the three started attacking each other with almost everything they had, all for fun. Like the true friends they are.

Oh yes, that reminds me. Another plot point to note.
Part of that lovely multi-thousand page document, there was a certain clause that morons like these love.
Guild members are encouraged, both by societal reinforcement and personal incentives, to broadcast them fighting and showing off.
It’s supposed to inspire the masses while deterring any villains.  Or if there are villains out there it gives them a target to go after, and hopefully die trying to fight the Operatives.
Despite what you may think, the mages in each guild are masters of their craft. There are no slobs in the guilds, just experts. So when displays like… this… happen, people are thrilled to see the type of carnage unfolds before them.  Simple people like simple things apparently. 
Give them bread and a show, and they’ll never rebel.

“I’m down!” Someone shouted.
All the chaos died down. The fire, steam, smoke, and dust all started to clear. Spike was in his Fire Elemental form, Shae was unscathed, but Joseph was face down in some rubble from the battlefield.
“Joe’s down first!” Spike said turning into a battered version of his humanoid form. He wasted no time walking over to Joseph, “Little brother is here to help my foolish older brother!”
“Here, let me help,” Shae said walking over to Joseph as well. 
Each of them each grabbed one of Joseph’s arms and walked him over to the edge of the battlefield.

The entire battlefield consisted of three things.
The first was there were flames. Flames were everywhere and were raging out of control, which consumed whatever was around. There were no remnants of the building that was once there, nor of the illegal weapons. 
Hell, there was just a silver puddle where that robot was. Which brings me to the second thing, water. There were small to medium, puddles of water through the battlefield. A water mage’s mark. 
The last thing was a little more odd, there was a surplus of the planet in chunks and rubble throughout. The destrucktion mage decided she wanted to expand the battlefield, vertically and horizontally.

“Sorry guys, I’m always the first out.” Joseph said as the two carried him.
“It’s cool dude. You got both of us a couple of good times, so count yourself accomplished.” Spike told Joseph to cheer him up.
“Plus don’t forget you’re up against us.” Shae said while gently placing Joseph down, 
“I thought we were supposed to help him feel better,” Spike said standing up, “Not enrage him.”
“Fine, at least he’s facing me” Shae grinned leaping back to the center of the battlefield. “A no-chined chump like you doesn’t count for anything!” she laughed, taunting him.
“What was that madame man arms?” Spike grinned while walking towards Shae, they were locked eye to eye. “I couldn’t hear you through your meat hooks.”
“Oh, so you wanna make it personal now?” Shae grinned at Spike with a slight twitch now, “The way I see it you flamer, is that now you don’t have your meat shield-” she was cut off by a light splash of water from Joseph.
“Hey!” Joseph yelled from the sideline firing another small water bolt.
“Fine, support” Shae sighed, wiping herself off. “You’re gonna lose to me in a few seconds. Wanna give up now? Or after I beat your ass?”
“Kinky,” Spike laughed. He reignited and became flame again “But I think I’ll forgo exploring my kinks with you. I think I’ll just win in  six simple moves.” He fired a small fireball at Shae, but about half a centimeter from her the flame seemed to hit a forcefield.
“Hmm, you’re tired aren’t you?” Spike chuckled, “Your personal forcefield is looking pretty close to you, aint it?”
“Bite me,” Shae smiled “This is still more than enough power to end you!”
“Oh I don’t doubt that in the slightest.” Spike said playfully “So that’s why I’m going to drain you of all the energy you have left, as well as pacify you.” He started flying around the battlefield.  “How about you surrender now?”
“How about this?!” Shae said as she dashed at Spike, jumping over bodies of water on her way to Spike. “How about I end you right now?” She leaned back to punch Spike, coating her hand with more energy, to be able to punch fire and hurt it.
“You’re so predictable,” He laughed. Spike shot out intense white flames from his hand, making a body of water on the battlefield turn into dangerous steam from the two magicks’ volatile reaction. 
Conveniently, that happened to be the body of water between Spike and Shae, almost like it was planned or something. “Mother-” Shae started to say, she changed her force-field’s concentration to protect her from the dangerous magick fueled steam.  Unfortunately, she was still on a straight course to Spike. 
“Step four,” Spike said while leaning back for a punch. His hand turned into a purple flame, “Punch Shae in the face!”
“Full force field or not!” Shae grinned, “I’m not going to lose to you in a punch out!” Then in one beautiful motion, the two both decided to punch each other, and for added corny dramatics, their fists collided. A violitle plasma explosion of magick resulted from the collision. Flames shot one way, a wave of pure destrucktive energy shot the other way. There was nothing visible except for steam, fire, and dust.

After the dust settled, only one person remained, badly damaged too. Shae had fallen to her knees, her arm was pretty badly broken from the impact. As well as the fact she was suffering from a few tenth degree burns on her hand.
“Owwwww!” Shae moaned as she stood up. “Spike you bastad, that hurt!”
… Silence, “Uhh, Spiiiiike?” Shae called out as she looked around. 

The battlefield was… well, it was practically no more.
The two milo radius battlefield had expanded into a three milo radius, unintentionally. It was also about three milos deep in the epicenter by now too. That last blow destroyed so much, all the flames had been blown out.
All the flames, “Oh flux!” Shae panicked, “I extinguished Spike!” She started running around and yelling out to Spike.
“Ugh,” a noise from under a pile of rubble she was running by.
“Spike!” Shae said with glee as she made her way over to the rubble. “I’ll get you out from under there!” 
Shae moved her in-tact arm from her side to infront of the pile, with a snap of her fingers, the rubble was gone. However, there was still no Spike.
“Thank you!” Joseph said breathing heavily, “I got caught under the debris from you two!” Joseph stood up and brushed himself off. 
After a second though, he looked around for Spike, but couldn’t see him anywhere. “Shae, what happened to Spike?”
“Uhhh… ” Shae paused “I think… I think I snuffed him out. Literally”
“How?!” Joseph asked in pure shock.
“I think my destructive energy just was too much for him. The other flames are extinguished, so I think that's what happened to him too.” Shae said, turning around to look at the crater, “So he might just be an ember or something right now. Either way, I won.”
“So uhh…” Joseph looked over at Shae’s arm, “You alright?”
“I will be once Spike pays for my hospital bill!” Shae groaned while walking around, she started to wiggle her non-responsive arm. “He’s gotta be around here somewhere, passed out no doubt like the lazy slob he is. So listen for snoring”
“Uhh… Spike?” Joseph called out, only to be unanswered.

“So… What are we gonna tell Priscilla?” Shae asked aloud. The two had spent a good three minutes looking for their comrade, clearly challenging their attention spans, “I’m pretty sure she can do simple math and realize that we’re one short. Though that might actually cheer her up.”
“Wellll,” Joseph started, “I mean they got into that glitch fit earlier, so it may not be so bad. You know, as not-so-bad as killing a guild member goes.”
“I guess things may be a little worse, considering we have definitive proof that I did in fact kill him!” Shae said pointing up at the camera. 
“Wait a second!” Joseph said something figuring out, “We can see what happened!” He extended his hand upward, and by command the camera started to float down to Joseph.  Joseph instantly spotted a small magick fire note left on it,  it read ‘keep recording <3’ 
Joseph recognised the magick, and the sloppy handwriting was a dead give away. “Uhhh,” Joseph managed to say before he felt it, “Shae?”
“Did it suddenly get warmer?” Shae asked walking around.
Joseph recognised this play, he took quite a few decent steps away from Shae. “Hey Shae, you might wanna get ready,” he warned her.
“Ready?” Shae asked in confusion, “Ready for what?”
Joseph remained silent, but he pointed upward. Shae looked above her and saw what Joseph saw. There was a large flaming meteor coming from the planet’s troposphere, making its way directly to Shae.
“Huh, so this is step six.”  she said slightly unnerved. “Took him three minutes to build all that up…hmmmmm...” 
“Do you wanna surrender now? I think he may be able to stop himself still,” Joseph told Shae, “Though he’ll never stop himself from bragging.”
“Nah, I’ve been waiting to try out a new trick anyhow!” Shae readied herself  and allowed all of her power to flow into her functional arm.
“So are you going to stop anything? Should I get ready for clean up? Or what?” Joseph asked Shae, while encapsulating himself into a bubble of water, a pretty effective little forcefield of water too.
“I dunno, this might actually kill him if he’s not careful.” Shae said concentrating on her attack. Shae’s arm started to glow with a brilliant white aura encasing her arm. It lead to the top, with a small glowing ball at her palms.

“Shae what are you doing?” Joseph asked, still recording the fight.
“Well I recently learned how to channel and concentrate my destrucktive energy, tangibly outward. So what I am doing is launching pure concentrated destrucktive energy beam at the big flaming target in the sky.” She said as an intense white light radiated around her fist. 
“I guess it boils down to this. At this moment, do I have more destructive power than a full on planet destroying meteor? I can’t wait to find out!” She laughed, stretching her still functioning limbs.
“Yeah, he does look very meteor-y” Joseph agreed “So just remember to smile at the camera while you fire him out of the sky.”
“What are the chances that those are normal flames? Not the super-duper ‘flux you’ magick flames?” Shae asked as she started channeling her energy.
“Those are one hundred percent magick flames. Good luck, I’ll prepare a shix ton of water to prevent anything happening.” Joseph informed her
“Good call!” Shae said focusing her energy through her body. “Hey, you’ve seen that ancient anime that Spike loves, right?”
“You mean the one from like around two thousand A.D.E.Y., about twenty thousand-ish years ago?” Joseph asked
“Yupp that’s the one!” Shae giggled “It’s surprising how close they were in regards to how energy actually functions like.” 
“Why’d you ask?” Joseph asked, preparing aspell. Making enough water to counter the meteor.
“Because it’s thanks to that show that I figured out how to channel my raw destrucktive energy into a tangible attack! Kinda like that show’s energy attacks, primarily like the Kameh-”
“I’ll stop you right there.” Joseph said, “I’m not too sure we can say that word and not have any form of backlash”.
“Fiiiine.” Shae moaned “But, look at this.” From her hand a large white beam of energy shot out, aimed directly at Spike’s meteor form.

To everyone’s surprise when the beam impacted with the meteor, the meteor had stopped falling, and in fact it was held in place.
“Well would you look at that?” Shae grunted in astonishment. “I can stop a meteor at full force!” 
As if it were waiting for those words, the meteor stared back up and started falling directly towards Shae. “Well, that lasted like ten seconds.” Shae said, focusing her remaining energy in her good  arm. “I guess I’ve got no choice”
“What are the chances your energy armor won’t break that arm?” Joseph asked, despite knowing the answer.
“Like seven,” She said, pulsing her energy through her arm.
“Seven Percent?” Joseph laughed, “Sounds pretty optimistic to me” 
“No, point seven percent” Shae said winding back.
“That sounds about right” Joseph laughed as he pointed three fingers upward and yelled. “Open Ocean intermediate level water skill, Endless Ocean!”
There was a large blue glowing aura in the air above the battlefield, then in a bright blue flash, a massive body of water started appearing.
“I’ll make the water before your energy armor is gone”. Joseph’s  focus was now upward, looking at the energy building up almost ready to turn into water. 
“Shae, remember to put a bubble around your head to breathe.” Joseph said putting a water bubble around himself and the camcorder.
“Yeeees mooooom” She snarked before she jumped up and punched the Spike-Meteor head on.

Normally there’d be things like loud noises, massive amounts of fire, shockwaves, destrucktive energy waves, or something.  However Joseph was ready, he let the water from above fall and take care of every last bit of the mess. I guess you can solve most of life’s problems by throwing a great lake sized body of water at it. Give it a try sometime. 

The Spike-Meteor managed to vaporize about ninety percent of the water, the destruction wave from Shae shot the remaining water across the planet. Nothing too bad, just a couple of puddles here and there. Joseph emerged out of one of those larger puddles of water, with the camera. Both unscathed.
“Shae sound off if you’re hurting!” He asked looking around.
“I’m hurting!” She cried out as she laid in a puddle “But the water in this puddle is so warm, it’s like a Hot Tub!”
“Maybe if you put your energy into it, you can get it to bubble up too!” A voice said from the distance, from the center of the battlefield a red and black-clad figure emerged. Spike was standing tall and smiling, “Gooooood Evening Lady and Gentleman!”
“Spike, you’re welcome!” Joseph said cockily.
“I never planned on letting any destruction come to this place, that’s why you’re here. After all,” Spike said walking to the two “You complete me Joe!” he said shaping his hands into a heart in front of his chest.
“Flattery will get you everywhere.” Joseph said manning the camera.
“Ehhh, hehe…Any chance you want to call this a draw?” Shae asked from the ground, “How about as an order?”
“Nope.” Spike said walking over to Shae. He planted his foot on her chest “I believe you have something to say to me”
Shae groaned, “You bastad, you planned on breaking both of my arms!”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.” Spike smiled as he held a fist above Shae, soon a familiar white fire appeared. “How could I ever have hoped to drain you of so much of your energy in the fight with Joe. That way your energy defences were nearly depleted. Leaving your squishy body open to get hurt if anything came at you head on.”
“I feel so used.” Joseph whined behind the camera.
“Say it” Spike grinned down at Shae
“If I refuse?” She sassed before sticking her tongue out at him.
Spike laughed, “Remember what I did last time you refused to admit defeat? I’m not above using the same trick twice.”
“What, like last year? I can’t remember that far back considering I smoke both of you on a regular basis!” Shae sassed like a smart ass.
“Alrighty, I guess that means I have to handle things my way!” Spike said while dismissing his fire. “I’m not going to stop until you say it!” 
At that moment Spike got down on his knees next to Shae and started relentlessly tickling her. “Y-you bastad!” She said in between laughs, “You broke my arms on purpose so I couldn’t fight back!”
“What’s that? That doesn’t sound like you’re surrendering!” Spike said taking advantage of his situation.

“Ugh, well better Shae than me.” Joseph said aloud. He rotated the camera towards himself with a weary smile. 
“That wraps up the fight, the winner being the Fire Mage. Spike, AKA ‘Hibachi Man’.” Joseph laughed as he wiped water off his blue uniform. “Oh boy, he hates that name. Please people, let's make this stick!”
At that point in the background all that could be heard was Shae laughing like a maniac. “S-spike, s-stop!” she laughed.
“I think I’ll end this recording before she gets any more embarrassed.” Joseph said as he turned off the camera.

Mission Results: Success!
Rank: A. In addition, there was a Broadcast Brawl, bonus points!
Broadcast Popularity: 1,800,000- 2,000,000 viewers, Miniscule.
Dispatch/Combatants: All from The Guild Civil Distortion
Spike/Hibachi Man The Fire Mage, Winner
Shae the Destruction Mage, Runner Up 
Joseph The Water Mage, First out.
Damages: < 100,000 credits. 
Rewards:  
Spike: 1,000,000 followers gained
Shae: Hospital Bills Paid
Joseph: N/A
Order Notes:  Please keep up the good work Space Knights/Mages!
-The Elder Of The Order 

“Well…?” The man said into the intercom.
“They’re just children, but they can pull feats like this off? They’re performing like Mages easily a hundred years older than them, a thousand in the case of the star!” An elderly voice said from the intercom, “How have they never been noticed before?”
“Well their guild record is rather lacking, none of the mages have done much.” A woman’s voice called out in an empty courtroom. “Aside from the has-been Cybernetic Healer, but it’s been years since she’s done anything.”
“Indeed, in fact there’s really only one person who has any sort of record that persists. That would be the water mage who tapped out first. A lot of attempts to take on the high ranking quests that would promote mages.” A deep voice said, “Only to fail, and have his brother or Vice-Captain bail him out. Those two soon started out ranking their other halves.”
“I don’t know if that’s ambition or recklessness.” a husky voice called out,
“Well let’s cut to the chase,” A new booming voice said “I believe we’re all aware of the one in this video’s potential. We haven’t seen anyone of that power since… Power like this is rare, but control like this is almost unheard of these days. I think they demonstrated their worth in this broadcast. Not to mention that they had to have been toying with the other two"
“So… this mage is going to be the new one?” The Elderly voice asked
“Potentially” an icy voice said. “I believe a decent candidate has made themselves known. I think this is a good opportunity to get him his replacement”
“He’s close to getting off vacation, right?” the husky voice piped in
“More importantly, we all must agree that this candidate has our approval” The booming voice chimed in. “Let us remember that the person who is in this position… well, they have such tremendous power that only we can comprehend, much less stop. We all have to be unanimous in our decision.” 
“Who approves of this candidate?” the deep voice asked
All of them instantly voted for the candidate, some as if they were racing each other to give their approval. “Well that’s an unanimous agreement!” The icy voice said happily. “Elder, please get a hold of Captain Lux after this meeting”
“More importantly,” The husky voice chimed in “What about the others? I have my eye on that Fire Mage.”
“There’s a shocker!” The booming voice laughed. “Should I warn him now? Or wait for you to pounce later?” 
“I’ll wait until Lux is done training the girl. Who knows, Lux might help train the other mages if he thinks any of them are worth his time.” The Husky voice said. “Saves me the trouble of working on his stamina.”
“I’d personally like to see another Water mage rise up the ranks, it’s lonely up here at the top” The icy voice groaned.
“I think we’re getting sidetracked. Was there anything else to discuss?” 
Silence.
The first man’s voice piped in once more, “Thank you all for your time. Lux will be contacted about the possibility. I think he’ll be relieved when I call and tell him. Poor girl though, I hope she’s ready for what’s coming next. 
Ms. Strox your life is about to become quite busy”

Social Medias:
Twatters Posts: 
@SpikefulFireMage (Spike Frusciante): First of all, hello to all my new followers, but one real quick thing. If anyone calls me HibachiMan I will fillet you, or I’ll do what I did to @HotWaterMage. #You’vebeenwarned

@HotWaterMage (Joseph Glixor): @SpikefulFireMage told me to warn all my followers that if you call him HibachiMan he will slip you a curse that will give you intense diarrhea #I’mSorry

Face-In-Space Updates: 
Priscilla Mokolov Mk9 (Twatter:@Priscilla_Mokolov): Throwback Thursday, this is a link to a story about yours truly from about thirty years ago! I can’t believe it’s been that long! Https:qqq.whateverhappendto?cop

Shae Strox: (Twatter:@BossLadyWith8008S): The best part about visiting the hospitals on Pursecioux is that they are trained in both White and Yellow Magick. I’m feeling very good :D


Chapter 2
Family Time

“There’s no way in hell you’re getting me out of the room this time of the month! I’m not playing the fool this time!”
Joseph was standing in front of Spike’s room in the living quarters, Spike had done what he’s always done during this time of the month. He locked himself away in the sanctuary of his own room until the savage times have passed… Wishful thinking anyhow.
Joseph was banging away on a steel door with a blatant lie on it, a sign that read, ‘No one is Home!’, in Spike’s abysmal handwriting.
“Well, while I can’t physically drag you out, just let me remind you that I do have quite a variety of options still left for me to choose from.” Joseph smiled as he looked to a control panel next to the door, for the door. “I could close the ventilation shafts to your room again.” He said walking over to the control panel.
“Nope, I re-melted holes in the new ones this morning!” Spike proclaimed.
“Really?” Joseph asked not surprised in the slightest, he looked up and continued, “Well, that still leaves the option of running myself into the sprinkler system and break the ones in your room.  Both getting myself into your room, and as well as ruining your stuff.”
“Unless I ignite myself when it starts.” Spike started “That way you’ll never get in here, and all my stuff remains free of water damage.”
“But they’ll be slightly charred if you do that, won’t it?” Joseph pointed out like a smart ass. “You’ll probably melt a few things too.”
There was a moment of silence before Spike responded. “Shut it.”

“Fine, I won’t try to get you to open the door anymore,” He said starting to walk away, “I’ll just get Priscilla to open the doors, you know since she can connect directly into the ship. That means she’ll be bringing the full force of-”
Joseph heard a door open behind him, followed by, “Fine, no need to invite disaster into my bedroom… That’d just be weird and unkinky.”
“Says you,” Joseph said as his brother made his way to his side. “I’d love to invite disaster into my bedroom… wait!”
It was too late, Spike was already laughing like a moron.
“Damn it!” Joseph said no longer able to stop himself from laughing, “Come on, I’m sure she’ll be in a decent mood considering that I was able to get you out of your room so quickly.”
“Without Shae’s help too!” Spike added, patting Joseph’s back.
“That better earn me an accolade.” Joseph said as himself and Spike left the living quarters. “Or at least a brief respite from the abuse.”

“Huh, who knew that this room was naturally quiet?” Spike said sitting back into his seat, “I thought this room was connected to her nagging. Weird.”
The two had just arrived at the mission room, a pretty basic load out. 
Large meeting table, a snack station, TV monitors strewn throughout, and plenty of comfortable chairs. So when Spike gets his ass chewed out, he’ll at least be able to sit somewhere comfortably. 
“I mean she can connect to the ship, so you’re technically not wrong” Joseph said, grabbing a bottle of water from the snack section in the meeting room. “Want anything to help you keep your mouth shut?”
“Do we have any more Yuuili?” Spike asked
“Nope, looks like you wiped it out last time,” Joseph said “Any other drink?”
“Rum and Ooioil please!” Spike said while raising his arm up onto the table.

After making the drink, Joseph turned around to see Spike flux around on his personal Virtua System that was playing something on his arm. He was watching some weird music video… wait no. Joseph realized it was just porn.
“You do realize that a cumputer virus can be a term for an android who’s genetalia’s sensitivity was increased without their input, instantly making them climax?” Spike said, almost brushing off the fact of what he was doing “I think it’s a beautiful term that I’m going to coin.”
“Sure, let’s view a detrimental and dangerous program as something funny.” Joseph said sitting down next to Spike.
“Hey, it’s called a silver lining” Spike said turning off his video “Much like drinking one of your fine concoctions as a way to make this time of the month more bearable.” Spike said, grabbing his drink, “Second only to Layna’s.”
“You do realize that I’m doing this completely sober, right?” Joseph asked, opening up his bottled water.
“That sounds like your own problem,” Spike said before chugging his drink, 

“Well I’ll be damned, you two beat me for once.” A voice said from behind them, instantly shooting shivers down their spines.
They turned around and saw Priscilla carrying multiple file folders, “Thank you guys for showing up to the monthly Civil Distortion Guild Meeting. Early no less, impressive work Joseph.” She said giving the man the credit he deserved, a pat on the back as she walked past him.
“I’m here too!” Spike said leaning back in his seat, waving at her.
“It’s hard to not know Spike, it’s not like you know how to keep quiet.” She said making her way to the head of the table. She dropped the folders down and the silence of the room made the slam echo. 
“Now, since it’s that time of the month, it’s time to go over everything that transpired during the past month. With all of you.” She made sure to say while glaring at Spike.
“Hey, since Shae’s not here, can we bail? Please???” Spike then turned up the dramatics to ten, “Pleeeeaaaaseee?”
“About that,” She said while a panel on her arm lifted up to reveal a digital interface. After pressing a few buttons, “It’s a good thing you mentioned something, because I think she’s waiting.”
The large monitor behind Priscilla clicked on, and on the screen was Shae.

She was laying down in a hospital bed with only one of her arms in a cast “Thanks Bitty!” Shae said, “I can see them now!”
“Vice-Captain, good to see you.” Priscilla said facing the monitor, “How are you feeling at the moment?”
“A-OK!” She smiled “But that might be because of the Yellow Magick, or the drugs. Dunno, hard to determine what’s responsible for my wellness”
“Are you High or are you Elevated?” Spike asked her, “I want to know how the vice captain acts under the influence.”
“Elevated, so I’m good to go with the meeting!” She told everyone
“You lucky kite, make sure to enjoy yourself!” Spike laughed “Good legal highs are rare, so you might as well milk it.”
“Planned on it!” She smiled
“You little opportunistic junkie” Spike laughed

“Spike, have some tact, will you?” Joseph sighed, “She’s your superior for science’s sake, she’s not your brother. You can say that stuff to me.”
“He makes a good point Spike.” Priscilla smiled “Shae, would you like to report him for disrespecting you and making you sound like some sort of addict?”
“Tempting.” Shae thought about it, “Let’s see where all of our heads lay after everything at the end of the meeting. We can go from there”
“Wise words” Priscilla exhausted as she turned back to the table. She sat down in her seat and lifted the first folder from the top. “Before we get started, does anyone have any questions?”
“I do!” Spike said “Have we-”
“Received word from your Request of Information as well as Request of Involvement? Well to my pleasure we have.” Priscilla smiled “Denied, again.”
“Damn!” Spike groaned “That means I gotta fill out more paperwork.”
“Poor baby.” The others said in unison. 
Clearly not the first time this has happened, in fact, it's more like a tradition to kick off the dreaded time of the month. The monthly guild review.

“That brings me to the last topic, the one we’ve been dreading the most.” Shae said over her screen. “Captain, you have the privilege.”
“Thank you Vice Captain Strox.” Priscilla said “Lastly is the Space Knight review with rewards and punishments. I’m sure that all of us are dreading this. I’m sure all of you, who are here, have began to flip through the folders that have documents pertaining to you.”
“You have no idea.” Joseph sighed from behind a small blue folder.
“I’m using mine as a pillow, does that count?” Spike said with his head still on his large red folder, complete with drool marks.
“Joseph, smack him for me.” Shae unofficially ordered Joseph, who took his opportunity and ripped his folder out from beneath Spike’s head.
“Ow!” Spike said head hitting the table. “Not nice.” He continued sitting back up after that incident “So who wants to go first?”
“Not it!” Shae said smugly “Oh wait, I don’t have my files on me.”
“Shut it you lucky glitch.” Spike sighed, taking his folder back.
“Jealousy doesn’t look good on you Spike.” Shae said grinning. As a large gray folder was dropped on Shae’s lap in bed. “Spoke too soon,” she sighed.
“Well black and white doesn’t suit your hairdo, but you don’t hear me say anything.” Spike said slightly snidely.
“So Spike, thanks for speaking up first.” Priscilla said next “Did you bother to read anything in that folder before you went to bed?”
“Priscilla, I believe we both know the answer to that one.” Spike said to her. 
“Right,” She exhausted, “Nope.”
“But I read mine.” Joseph said speaking up “Spike, I’m only partly aware of the details for you, but most of that paper in your file is an order from the higher ups. Which essentially states that you have to complete a mission for that guild who’s supply you burned through.”
“Wait, our insurance didn’t cover the BS?” Spike asked his boss.
“It did, but this is just a part of the details in the fine print of that agreement.” Priscilla said smiling, opening her own folder, “It says that you, and a companion of your choice, have to go and complete a mission in place of them.”
“There’s no way that’s in the contract!” Spike said in slight disbelief.
“Priscilla,” Shae said “Show the little bitch why you’re the boss.”
“Planned on it,” Priscilla said with glee. She went quiet for a moment, as the irises of her eyes started glowing bright blue as she scanned her memory banks. 

Her eyes faded back to normal, as she said “Section 17, subsection Beta, ‘If there’s an incident where a guild suffers significant loss, over a Kilioiioo in creds, part of being reprimanded is to complete a mission of theirs as a sign of good faith.’” she stated proudly.
“Is that why my folder is so thick?” Spike groaned turning his hand to fire “I have some squirreled away detail that can’t be explained properly without 50 pages of preliminary conditions?”
“Precisely!” Priscilla said smugly. “So that means you and Joseph-”
“Wait, wait, wait!” Spike said, setting his folder on fire, “You just told me that I get to choose who goes with me for this mission.”
“Well Shae’s in the hospital, so there’s no one else who could fit the bill.” Priscilla told him, as if he was an idiot… Which he is, but that’s not what’s important right now.
“My dear glorious leader.” Spike said while his hand was fueling his file’s fire, “I do believe you’ve forgotten the biggest badass on this ship.”
“Mittens isn’t going with you!” Shae laughed over the intercom.
“Alright, I can’t argue that one!” Spike chuckled “I guess I’ll just have to settle for the boss.”
“Excuse me!?!” Joseph and Priscilla said practically in unison.

“No offence to Joseph, I love you dearly,” Spike said to his best friend “But I think it’d be better this way.”
“I agree with the little bitch.” Shae said jokingly “Spike needs to be monitored boss, the end result is reflected to the original guild. If memory serves.”
“Why the hell do you know that?!” Priscilla gasped in shock.
“Let’s not focus on the why.” Shae said brushing her off, “Boss, do you really trust Joseph to be able to stop Spike and whatever plan he’s plotting?”
“Come on!” Joseph moaned “Please give me a little credit, I’ve been stopping various schemes of his from day one.”
“With what success rate?” Spike grinned widely as his folder finally turned to ashes, “Let me know if you’d like to be reminded of my sixty percent of victories, compared to your forty percent of you stopping me.”
“Wait, I thought I had forty five percent?” Joseph looked over to Spike, only to see the grin Spike had on, answering Joseph’s question. “Damn it, what else have you done lately? It’s a full time job looking after you, I’m practically your full-time babysitter. Or man-childsitter!”
“Can we change that to Joseph’s title for Civil Distortion?” Shae asked laughing, “I mean babysitting Spike, that’s a bigger job than being our engineer!”
“I second it!” Spike and Priscilla said in unison. A little startled by their unison agreement, they had a little bit of a nervous laugh fall over them.
“Come on you two!” Shae said trying to stifle her laughter, “The battle of the best hasn’t even happened yet, so there’s no need for you love birds to start speaking like a couple!” She managed to say before breaking into hysterical laughter, followed shortly by Joseph.

Unamused, Spike asked Priscilla, “Boss, are you sure I can’t take the injured vice-captain and use her for a skateboard? Pretty please?”
“Spike, that’s the best question you’ve ever asked me.” She said forcing her smiling program, “But no, you can’t take her.”
“Damn” Spike groaned.

“So then what’s your excuse boss?” Spike asked. 
“Currently my outdated body is not well insulated enough to handle the blistering heat from the Sun Station you two are headed to.” Priscilla told Spike
“Bam! Excuse on demand.” He sighed “Never mind, what type of mission do we have at a Star Station in this quardnet of this galaxy?”
“Well Spike, I’m glad you asked!” She said smirking, “This Sun is close to running out of juice, so you’ll have to make sure that the energy reserves for the sun are fresh, and high quality. Otherwise the station will be put at risk of being destroyed in a supernova.”
“Need I remind you I can survive one of those? Trying to kill me with a stupid mission like this isn’t gonna work boss, you’re gonna have to try harder.” Spike sighed as he punched Joseph’s arrm, getting him to finally stop laughing. “Besides boss, can’t you just use your barriers for temperature control?”
“I could,” Priscilla told him “But, let me show you what I’m stuck doing while you and Joseph are on this mission.” She said while pulling out a thick folder of papers, ‘Reparations’ was on the front of the folder.
“Me too!” Shae piped in and lifted her folder in unison with Priscilla, “I’m getting shafted in here too!”
“Listen Shae, whatever your sex life is, fine. Just stop bragging about it.” Spike said brushing off the ash that was his folder.
“So, while you two are having fun on the sun, we have to go through and apologize for people that have been offended by us… and by that I mean-” Priscilla growled, “By two of us.”
“I regret nothing!” Spike said proudly, “If you’re going to be gathering rust up here, I might as well make sure you have something to do.”
“What did you expect me to do?!” Shae said in her defence, “He grabbed my ass, I think I’m still in the right!”
“Morally, maybe.” Joseph said closing his folder “But, you were the one who fixed him with a kick to the junk.”
“I’m with Spike, I regret nothing!” Shae smiled “Mainly because I can still torment him! Part of my penance is that I have to call and apologize… Which I will, but I’ll be apologizing to his wife.” She started giggling as she opened her folder, “Let’s see, it’s gotta be-” 
Shae stopped suddenly, her eyes fixated on something while her face’s color drained. “Captain, Special Announcement Ashenix Solar Station.”
“Special what now?” Each of the three responded, all with different expressions.

Joseph was concerned, he feared for some all out attack against a poor defenceless solar plant.
Spike was thrilled, the fact that Shae stopped her BS means that something can go terribly wrong. Which made him feel a rush of joy
Priscilla was terrified, she recognised that to stop her tangent meant that they could be in big trouble. She feared that it was related to the Frusciante.

“Accessing.” She said opening her folder. She flipped around until she saw it, she didn’t even bother looking up, “Glixor, don’t ask why, just hand me your folder!” She burst out of her seat, she was on a dead path to Joseph. “Don’t let Spike see it!” She pleaded. Joseph realized what was going on, instantly, he extended his folder. Despite her being closer than Spike was, Spike somehow intercepted the folder from Joseph… 
He may have jumped over the table, but he still got the folder in the end.

“Victory!” Spike said crashing into the wall.
“Spike, please. Listen to me” Shae said, “If you don’t read that and burn it, I will make the executive decision to say that you will be spared the mission. I’ll see to it that if we’re still stuck in a contract, that the boss gets stuck doing it!”
“Ohhh!” Spike said, highly intrigued. He smiled and looked at Priscilla “Well boss, do you agree to the terms that Shae has presented?”
“Tsk,” She growled “Does it matter what I say?”
“Of course it does boss!” Spike smiled “Do you agree to Shae’s terms?”
“If that means-” Priscilla started, only to be cut off by a duo saying.
“Hold on Captain.” Shae and Joseph said in unison.
00100000,01001101,01101001,01101110,01100001,00101100,00100000,01000010
“Uhh” Priscilla stammered “What is it?”
“Spike” Joseph asked him “Is there a simple yes or no answer she can give you that will result in you not opening that folder?”
“Joseph, you make me out to be some sort of… demon.” Spike grinned “Of course there’s an answer that will result in me not opening this folder.”
“You didn’t answer him” Shae said sternly, “Is it a yes or no question?”
“It’s…” He hummed for a second “I’ll give you a fifty fifty chance captain, but I’ll tell you the two options for your answer”
“I’m so confused” She moaned in annoyment “What are they?”
“Your two options are what follow.” Spike grinned “You agree to Shae’s terms.” He said lifting up a finger “Or, you agree to take disciplinary action against Shae for making an unscrupulous, and worse, verbal, contract for carte blanche!” 
“Spike who’s side are you on?!” Shae yelled at him
“I’m on my own side!” Spike grinned.
“I see, I thought it was a trick question.” Priscilla said “But, I realized that I’m over it.” Priscilla did her damnedest to make sure Spike had no more interest in the folder. It was quite a daring move.
“Open it, the Sun Station is just going to have a celebrity passing through it.” Priscilla told him, “Where he has billions of followers and fans.”
“So, you don’t want me to antagonise, whoever it is, am I right?” Spike looked at the folder.
“What’s worse is that they’re highly active on Social Media sites” Shae told him “Spike, I know that you have a fervent hatred of social media sights-”
“I don’t hate them, I just have a fervent passion of hatred for them.” He said “Big difference.”
“But you use two-” Joseph said something, but was cut off
“Hmmm…” Spike hummed looking at the folder. “Okay, I’ll hand it to you Captain. I don’t like virtual drama.” He extended the folder towards his captain.
“Thank you Spike!” She said reaching for the folder, “I think I might be wrong about you yet!” She said happily.
“One thing,” Spike said, pulling the folder back to his chest at the last moment, “Boss, Vice-Captain I have one final question.”
“Spike?” They said in unison

“Who is the celebrity?” He asked with a devious smile.
“It’s…” They both trailed off. Only silence remained in the room… 

“Oh come on, they both just glanced at it,” Joseph said to Spike to break the silence, “They could have forgotten it.” He said in their defence.
“No, no, the boss is a machine. Forgetting really isn’t her thing.” Spike grinned, “Vice Captain Strox was the one who brought it up, so she was the one who first realized I might do something stupid.”
“Oh no, that’s right.” Joseph moaned, “This is why this time of the month sucks. You suck Spike” he said, shooting Spike in the face with a water bolt. Only to have Spike block it with a small flame wall, vaporizing the water.
“Spike, please, be reasonable.” Shae stammered “I know you like doing stupid shix, but please just-”
“If you both give me the same name then I’ll completely drop it, and I'll even accept not going down there on the mission either.”  He told them smiling.
“Spike, why-” Joseph went to say, but only to get cut off by,
“Zasoni P Lolooooa!” and “Pannallai Witheailx!” were both said aloud.
“That bad is it? You guys honestly had to try it?” Spike smiled as he opened the folder “Let’s see who is down on the station...”
“Spike, please, be reasonable.” Priscilla said this time “Don’t be stupid and-”
“OH MY GOD!” Spike yelled with a strange mix of fury and joy, “It’s Kivla!”
“T-that’s K IV Llalla, The Voyager” Priscilla told him “Now, I know that-”
“Nope, I’m going!” Spike said, tossing the folder down on the ground. He danced his way over to the door, “Joseph, make sure to bring the most heat resistant camera we have on this hunk of junk. These two wanted me to do this after all, so I might as well get a souvenir from this!” 
He said moonwalking out the door… Well, solarwalking. Skywalking.

“Spike!” Their cries fell on deaf ears as he left the room. The three were suddenly well aware of what was going to happen.  Spike was going to challenge the Voyager of The Dark Flame, and worse, that Voyager in particular had pissed off Spike a long time ago...

“Shix.” Shae muttered in defeat “He’s initating an asskicking.”
“I know, I know.” Priscilla said aloud. “But that’s not going to stop it from happening. Joseph, make sure that-”
“Yeah, I know the routine, I am his babysitter afterall.” Joseph sighed standing up, “I just gotta try to make sure he’s still breathing afterwards”
“Thank you Joseph!” Shae smiled “Good luck!”
“I don’t need luck, I need a miracle.” He sighed getting up “Have fun with all of those calls ladies. I’m sure those bitching sessions are such fun for you.”
“In the end, we all suffer.” Shae sighed
“Mostly thanks to one of us in particular” Priscilla hissed, tossing her folder on the ground. She then started stomping it and kicking it around for good measure, “Why won’t he just listen!”
“Captain, you can go ahead and fire him, he has it coming.” Shae said encouraging her boss “I think Joseph, and hell, even Spike would back you up if you made a case against him for dismissal!”
“I certainly can’t deny any of his actions,” Joseph sighed “Neither can you two, it’s sad, but he knows exactly what he’s doing.”
“Then why don’t we-” Shae went to say something, but was cut off by Joseph, oddly enough just by raising his finger… stealing a certain someone’s trick. Who in turn stole it from someone else.
“Since no one can deny his actions, that means that none of us can deny his reasoning and results of how he goes about things his way.” He stood up for his brother, “Spike has always been able to see things in ways that only makes sense when you’re able to look back on it. Like, things turned out so well because Spike was acting like a destructive moron in a certain way. But it always works.”
“Yeah, how does he do that?” Priscilla asked “Is it just dumb idiotic luck like what I’m thinking it is?”
“That wouldn’t explain how he does it so consistently, luck eventually runs out.” Shae groaned, “Spike’s whimsical destructive nature, does not.”
“I think we all know why he’s able to do it.” Joseph said aloud.  The other two were suddenly silent upon him saying that.

“Listen, I didn’t mean to bring everyone down. I’m just saying that given his… expertise, I think we should all be very thankful he’s learned what compassion and kindness are.” He told them both/
“Thank god for Layna,” Shae said with a sigh of relief “How is she doing?”
“She’s doing well, she was actually at-”
“I don’t care you two,” Priscilla said aloud “Just go make sure my folder doesn’t get any larger next month, think you can do that Glixor?” She said as she started to press buttons in her arm, eventually a digital dial pad appeared.
“I can try,” Joseph sighed in defeat, “but, I don’t think that I can do much this time Captain Mokolov”
“Maybe going along with things will throw him off guard?” Shae suggested
“I guess, he might be swayed from trying too hard if I’m not fighting against him.” He said thinking of what to do to stop Spike from causing too much damage, a tall order.

Mission: Refueling Run Type:1K
Dispatch:  Civil Distortion;
Tactician: Spike Frusciante , Elemental (Fire) Mage
Engineer: Joseph Glixor, Elemental (Water) Mage
Additional Resources: N/A
Location: Sun: Ashenix: Ashenix Solar Station.
Briefing: As punishment, Civil Distortion’s Spike F. is required to fuel the solar station in lieu of the original guild.
1: The Solar Station is close to running out of it’s natural energy, we need it refilled before there’s an issue
2: The Solar Station will be in full swing, try not to mess anyone up. One mistake could result in catastrophic losses 
Rewards: NA

“You don’t seem like the Geomancer Guild members we sent for.” The Forewoman said the obvious, “Though I guess anything is better than a Geomancer in here. We only need fuel for the station, their magick rich trees have helped before.”
Right now Spike and Joseph were meeting up with the foreman at the entrance of her facility. Workers were flowing in and out, like clockwork. Clearly she had things running smoothly around here.
Then again watching a fully functional generator around the sun is incredibly dangerous. Each position of the workers has three separate people manning those stations. One little bit of energy accidentally discharged, or even a number mixup could result in some very heated situations.

“If I had a credit whenever I’ve heard the words magickal trees, I’d be able to get a couple ounces!” Spike smiled, “I’m sorry, I don’t think I’ve properly introduced myself madame.” Spike said getting the woman’s attention, “My name is Spike Frusciante, Fire Mage for Civil Distortion.” He extended his hand.
“Name’s Rioan Plinkett” she said shaking Spike’s hand.
As soon as Spike’s hand was free, he pointed to Joseph “This is Joseph Glixor, my brother, and Engineer for Civil Distortion.”
“You said you couldn’t get much worse than a geomancer,” Joseph said shaking the woman’s hand “Yet, here’s a water mage.”
Rioan heard that and started to laugh her ass off. After she calmed herself down, “What the hell are you doing here? A water mage on a sun?!” she asked in-between laughs.
“I mean he’s technically my babysitter.” Spike said nonchalantly, “So he’s just here to make sure that I don’t-”
Joseph punched Spike with a flying fist of water, and barked after hitting Spike, “I’m not your babysitter!”
“Well maybe not yet,” Spike said without losing his smile “But I’m pretty sure that I could convince Shae and the Boss to change your title of engineer to babysitter, and your name from Joseph Glixor to Spike’s Babysitter.”
“Like I told you the five times on the way here, I don’t doubt you can do that, I’m just begging you to not do it.” Joseph moaned
“Wait, Joseph Glixor?” Rioan asked remembering something “Like HotWaterMage on the Lux Lookout?”
“Y-yeah? Why?” Joseph said completely caught off guard.
“Do you remember a username of RioanRivvetter on a fan page of a certain voyager?” She asked him with a sly grin.
“RioanRivvetter…” Joseph thought about it for a second, then he remembered her “You’re RioanRivvetter?” Joseph asked
“Bingo!” She said smiling, “It’s been a few months since we’ve talked, how have you been? I still see you on the Lux Lookout Fan page from time to time, but you’ve stopped posting a lot lately.”
“One moment please.” Joseph smiled widely, he then looked over at Spike, “Told you there are actual girls on there.”
“One is not plural, you’ve only shown me one so far!” He said with a grin
“So, this is your little brother?” Rioan asked with a grin, “He certainly seems as… well, as you depicted I guess would be a polite thing to say.”
“Glad to live down to expectations,” Spike smiled as he bowed, “Now, I imagine that you two would love to gush about your love about that Old Fart, but I need to get started working. I’m here for a reason after all”

Spike went to walk away, only to be stopped by Joseph grabbing his collar. “Now now, where do you think you’re going?”
“Easy.” Spike said trying to resist Joseph’s grasp by trying to continue to walk out, reducing him to more-or-less walking in place, “I’m going to the Sun’s Energy Reserves and check the quality of the energy. As well as look at the engine that has been pumping energy from the sun.”
“And?” Joseph asked by reflex.
“From there I’m sure that I can come across the layout of the entire station.” Spike told him “From that I can see what routes and paths will help me best accomplish my task. Afterwards is calculating, gratuitous calculating.”
“How does seeing a map of the station help you fill the reserves?” Rioan asked, “Unless you’re looking for energy lines, in which case-”
“Please don’t tell him any more” Joseph sighed as he let go of Spike “He has an ulterior motive for being here” he said watching Spike walk away
“Ulterior motive?” She asked confused “I thought you guys were here to fuel this place? Is the fire mage not going to do that?” She asked Spike
“It’s not that” Spike smiled to himself as he continued walking “I will do that, but I also need to get ready to talk to an old acquaintance”
“Old acquaintance?” She asked confused “I don’t think we have anyone on staff who used to work for the order”
“Joseph, do me a favor” Spike said walking out of the door with a wave, “Explain how beautifully my fists talk for me please!”

“Wow” she said a few seconds after Spike left, “You’re right, he’s a bit of a dick.” she turned to him with a forced smile.
“Just at times,” He sighed “Especially when it comes to his personal affairs.”
“Yeah, what about that?” She asked “Who is he getting ready to talk to?”
Joseph looked around and noticed how many people were around, walking to and fro to their various stations. He didn’t want the workers to start to worry about what he was going to tell her.  Besides, you never know where there’s going to be a spy.
He looked back to Rioan and asked, “Do you mind if we talk about it in private? It’s not something that I think people shouldn’t hear if they want to maintain focusing on their jobs”
“Sure, it’s just this way” She said, leading Joseph away.

“You know, it just occurred to me that it’s Kivla, isn’t it?” Rioan asked as soon as Joseph closed the door, “That’s who he’s getting ready to ‘talk’ to, right?”
“Correct” Joseph locked the door, he instantly felt much cooler in the office. “Spike is going to… talk to Kivla.”
“They’re not going to talk, are they?” She smiled as she sat down. “Please, take a seat.” She motioned to the chair for Joseph, “I rarely invite anyone in here, well, when someone’s job isn’t on the line.”
Joseph looked around and saw a quaint little office, nice and organized, with a fridge parked behind her desk. There was even a Captain Lux action figure sitting on the corner of her desk. “I’m sure words will be exchanged, but that’s not the point of the meeting.” Joseph told her taking a seat “Kivla and Spike… have a bit of a history.”
“Hmmm, Spike and  Kivla are both fire mages, so did Kivla train Spike?” Riona guessed, “I mean I get that Spike is going to fight Kivla, so I imagine that’s the situation.” She smiled, “Am I right?”
“Nope” Joseph smiled, “Not even in the same galaxy.” He looked next to the action figure and saw a glass bottle of vodka and pointed to it. “I’ll tell you if you share a drink with me.”
“What, you want me to drink during my shift?” She grinned as she grabbed the bottle and two shot glasses. “That’s highly irresponsible for a member of the Order to demand from a public servant.” She said while pouring the drinks.
“I’m terrible, what  can I say?” Joseph smiled as he took his drink, “Though I’d prefer some Ooioil, it’s far more tasty with the fruity aftertaste and lack of edge for little bitches like myself”
“And higher alcohol content levels to boot!” She laughed before taking her drink, “But the temperature of this whole facility would vaporize it in an instant.”
“Yeah, that’s a glitch about Ice enchanted drinks.” Joseph said taking his drink, he waited until she poured herself a shot to do the classic ‘cheers’.

After the initial cringe from the alcohol’s bite, he started talking. “So Spike and Kivla, yeah, Spike hates Kivla with such a fervent hatred that makes his flames seem like an apt comparison. Flames of Hatred. Though I have a feeling, that feeling is mutual between them.”
“So what’s their history? Rioan asked,  “What could a Voyager have done anyhow? I mean it’s not like they’re being watched 90% of the time.”
“Huh, I wonder what Spike is going to do about communications?” Joseph muttered to himself as he looked around.  It was a pretty cramped office, but it had its own little charm.
“What’s that?” She asked him.
“Nothing,” Joseph sighed “Just make sure that you take care of any calls sooner rather than later. Anyhow, do you really want to know?”
“About why Spike is going to get his ass kicked by Kivla?” She smiled
“Riiight...” Joseph said halfheartedly. 
Joseph cleared his throat, “You see, before Spike became my brother, he had to talk to a couple members of the Order. One of the two people he talked to was Kivla, before they were a Voyager.”
“So was he an angsty teenager in trouble with the law?” She guessed.
“Hmmm, I mean you’re not wrong, just maybe think a bit younger.” Joseph hummed, “Do you know of a man named Bloodwing?” he asked hoping she’d say no, “Or, does Spike’s last name ring any bells?”
“No?” She said confused “Should I know either?”
“No.” Joseph said solemnly, “He’s a bad dude, and Spike ran with him.”
“Oh!” she said realizing the obvious “He’s actually a criminal?!”
“Well, if we look at his record, we’ll see that Spike Frusciante isn’t a criminal.” He started, “That doesn’t mean he’s innocent, that’s something him and Kivla share. Too close for my preference.”
“Really?” She asked taking a drink.
“Yes,” Joseph said heavily, “During that ‘Talk’ Kivla started wailing away at Spike. It was a good thing he was already in the hospital at the time, because he beat an already injured Spike to the point of passing out from blood loss. Oddly enough, his behavior was never reported”
“Wait, what?!” She asked in shock “They let a man like that become a Voyager!? Doesn’t The Elder screen these guys!?”
“Spike’s thoughts exactly, which only intensified his hatred.” Joseph told her “So, I guess that’s it in a nutshell.”

“Huh, what a weird coincidence.” She said taking a drink “I wonder why your boss didn’t try to stop him.”
“She did,” Joseph sighed “Spike… well, Spike doesn’t exactly take orders well. Never really has for as long as I’ve known him.” 
“Criminal tendencies to act against authority?” She guessed
“No, but that would be the easy answer.” Joseph told her “Mostly, he’s just lazy and stubborn.”
“Really?” She asked, but soon she’d get her confirmation.

The phone rang, she answered it with a stern, “Foreman Rioan here.”
“Foreman, there’s a weird redhead down here near the core’s engine room… I think it’s one of The Order’s buffoons.” He sai,d “He’s just… sleeping? He’s sitting down, but he’s unresponsive. At least he’s out of our way.”
“Thank you, I’ll deal with him myself.” she said before hanging up.
“That’s Spike doing his thing.” Joseph sighed, “I think I should make my way down there.” He put his glass on her table, “Want to be my escort?”
“Depends,” She smiled “How much are you willing to pay?”
“We’ll just charge it to the Order’s tab, how’s that sound?” Joseph winked before standing up. “Come along M’lady,” she said, extending his arm for her.
“Certainly, my fine Sir!” She said getting up. She took his hand to follow him out of the office.

“That’s so weird, we’ve never had that many doors knocked out before.” Rioan said, the two had finally made it to the engine room. “Solar flares do that, but I haven’t seen this many doors malfunction before.” 
The room was near the bottom of the facility, they needed to have a wide open center of operations for this delicate area. An extraordinarily large engine was purring nicely in the center of the room, attached to it was a blue lit screen and keyboard, and it was currently flashing 

‘Caution: Temperature has reached 21,000 bAl. Warning. 16% energy remaining. 2011 days until resizing magick engines critical failures.
Advice: Seek out a refueling from The Order. Warranty has expired.’

You could see through the walls on all sides and could see raw energy flow out from within the solar station’s core far below them. An entire Class B Star, contianed in an enchanted and reinforced Oricalcum dome, no more than 400 Kilometers in diameter. 
The path to the reserves happened to be behind a door on the far side of the room. The door was composed of the same Oricalcum metal as the dome, partially because it was the entry to the entire Oricalcum casing, but primarily to keep employees from sneaking in to bang.
Near the center of the room, Spike was silently sitting down. 
Doing Science knows what. 

“An omen, I’m sure.” Joseph said while making his way to the engine. 
The walls were all completely transparent, which allowed them to safely monitor the remaining energy reserves, which was looking close to being completely empty. They could also look down and see the dome, complete with the energy piping pumping raw energy through the factory, but it was also drawing from a near empty reservoir of energy.
Joseph made his way to the Interface of the Engine, “Lemme see what can be done here” He said pressing a sequence of buttons.
“Uhh, should we do something about him?” Rioan asked pointing at Spike.
“I mean if you have a marker you can draw on his face.” Joseph said paying more attention to what he was doing. “Is this a model KJ 110X, or a JK 910?”
“JK 910,” She said walking over to Spike. “Is he sleeping?” 
“Not really.” Joseph said while projecting a detailed, and complicated, diagram of the facility’s piping and wiring. “We have to pour the energy into the reservoir right through here?” he said as he used his hand to highlight the path to the reserves, through the door on the far side of the wall, “No filter tech to worry about?”
“Nope, we had this old thing before that new Vacuum technology became standard.” She told him, “Not something you want to hear, I’m sure.”
“I can see this.” Joseph said while looking at a few things on the screen, “Spike has already looked at this, I can guarantee you” Joseph said bringing up a map of the entire Station, with live statuses of all the errors caused by the solar flare, “Look at what doors-”

“Joseph!” Spike said with a yawn walking up to the two, “Have you two gotten the boinking out of the way?” Spike said standing up, “I must say, you have a lovely facility!” he told Rioan.
“T-thank you?” She said while Spike surprised her with a two handed handshake. She didn’t know why, but Spike had some weird gloves on. “What are those?” She asked, realizing that he had them on.
“I’m sorry, it’s just a precaution.” He smiled, “It’s a sun, so my powers are a little amped up being so close to the core. I didn’t want to accidentally burn you.”
“I see!” She said relieved, “Thanks, I can’t afford to be sent to the infirmary.” 
“Spike, what convenient timing.” Joseph said unamused, “Have you taken care of your weird pre-planning?”
“Yes I have! I’ve planned for just about anything,” Spike said proudly. “Rioan, isn’t it about time that you go to the entrance? The guest of honor is due in seven minutes.” he said kicking off his plan.
“Holy Shix, I lost track of time!” She said in a slight panic, she made her way to the exit. “Gentlemen, I’ll leave you here. I’m sure that you guys have plenty of work to do!” she said waving goodbye.

“She seems like a nice girl,” Spike smiled as he made his way to Joseph “Did you ask for her numbers?”
“Nope, you know my heart belongs elsewhere.” Joseph said as he pointed to the map, “Is this really necessary?”
“My dearest Joseph.” Spike said standing beside him, “I have thoroughly planned this out, and this is the most peaceful-”
“Least expensive?” Joseph said flatly.
“Right, that too!” Spike said pointing at all the display “This is just a simple funneling.” He said carefully taking off his glove.
“Right, ‘simple’ funneling.” Joseph pointed to the layout “You knocked out more than half of the doors of the entire facility. I don’t think simple is a fair way to describe it.”
“I mean I just manipulated the core to produce a strong Solar Flare, with full magick shattering energy added for fuel. All guided through juuuust the right pipes to certain doors, elevators, and vents” 
He smiled as he carefully tore his glove in a weird, yet precise manner. After Spike tore the glove, he made his way to a door in the back that said ‘Solar Container: Caution, Highly Dangerous.’
“Shoot, we forgot to ask her to open that door for us.” Joseph said walking to try and catch Spike, “You won’t be able to melt that door.”
“Well, duh.” Spike said standing in front of the door’s security pad “It’s double downed Oricalcum. I wouldn’t even make a scorch mark.”
“Then what are you doing?” Joseph asked slightly confused

Spike held the glove up for Joseph to see, he then delicately put the torn glove on the hand scanner. He applied a slight amount of pressure, energy, and magick as it scanned the glove, “People don’t realize how easy it is to bypass one of these, in all honesty I can see the prints still on the screen.”
The door then opened up, and inside was an empty room with a massive window in the wall, inside you could see a faint glow of Magickal Energy within the reserves. “Wow, they weren’t kidding” Spike said walking into the room. “I can’t feel that much energy from the core.”
“The read out said that they had approximately sixteen percent left.” Joseph went to walk into the room, only to be stopped by Spike raising a hand to get his attention.

“Joseph, the next two people I want in here are you and Kivla.” he said, turning around to look at Joseph. It was for a moment, but Joseph saw a chillingly familiar look in Spike’s eyes, an old reflex. 
His eyes were dark, but they weren’t dead. Far from it. His eyes were as dark as the abyss with burning crimson red irisus, before reverting.
Spike put on a smile,  “Can we agree that there’s only a need for three of us in the room?”
“R-right” Joseph said a little… well, he was suddenly reminded of the old days with… him. “Just… be careful, whatever it is you’re planning, just-”
“Joseph!” Spike stopped and walked back to him, “Give me a hug for luck, for both of us!” He said opening his arms. Joseph felt worlds better the moment Spike hugged him, “Now I gotta set up the camera!” he cheerfully getting out of the hug. Spike was Spike right now.

If only for the moment.

“There he is!” Rioan said getting Joseph’s attention, he was currently reading something on his Virtua System, “Joseph, meet our VIP!”
“Joseph is it?” He smiled in such a way that made Joseph want to punch him in the face, “Water mage on the sun is pretty damn funny!”
“It’s fine, it wasn’t my choice to be here.” He stood up and extended his hand, “It’s a privilege to meet you Sir K IV Llalla, Voyager of The Dark Flame” 
He smirked as he shook Joseph’s hand.
Joseph never knew a fake quite like Kivla, but that didn’t matter right now. If Kivla remembered Joseph, then he might know-
“So, Joseph!” Rioan got his attention “Is the problem child taken care of?”

“Yeah, he went into the other room so he wouldn’t get any stupid ideas. Or escape his beatings” Joseph came up with off the top of his head.
“A beating you say?” He smiled cockily
“Yeah, either from; You, our captain, our co-captain, or myself” He joked as he stared walking to the door leading to Spike. “I wouldn’t mind a combination either” Joseph said appeasing Kivla’s ego.
“Phew.” Rioan said as she walked up to the console, “Right, so like I said I’m just going to show you the energy reservoirs.” When she put her hand on the scanner, Joseph wondered if it would just be Spike launching himself out of the door. Suspecting that, Joseph took a step to the side, just to be safe.
“Here we go!” She said as the door opened, “Now, let’s-”

She was stopped mid sentence by a strong right punch from Kivla, she collapsed on the ground unconscious. “What are you-” Joseph was cut off by an intense heat, Kivla powered up with a smirk.
Kivla’s  hands were now ignited, leaving plenty of flames spewing out of his hands, black fire no less.“Where is he Glixor!?” He demanded as he grabbed Joseph by the collar of his blue tailcoat, lifting him up. “Where is that monster!?”
Joseph didn’t want to do too much, he didn’t know what he’d do.
“Bite me Kivla!” Joseph said transforming into water, escaping the grasp of Kivla, but the black flames persisted to remain on top of Joseph’s body of water.
“Nice try there.” He said snapping his fingers, upon doing so the dark flames intensified on top of Joseph, “Fire that burns anything, water included.”
“Fine, I’ll just extinguish it!” Joseph said turning into a small dome of water, to completely capture the fire, all to flood it with water. Effectively extinguishing the magick fire with his body’s natural energy.
“Very clever!” He said shooting out a new fireball at Joseph, thankfully he dodged it, “Glixor, I don’t have time for you!” He said launching a new fireball at the now moving puddle of water, “From the moment I landed on the planet, I could sense that monster waiting for me!”
“Kivla, please stop!” Joseph pleaded turning back into a humanoid form “Don’t you think you caused enough trouble for him? He doesn’t even act like that anymore! In fact he wants to hunt-”
“I don’t care!” He yelled as he started to smile, “I didn’t get to kill him before, but now, now I can. I’ll even get away with it!” He laughed
“So you just want to kill him, just to kill him?!” Joseph asked confused
“Precisely,” He snickered. “I just want that satisfaction of watching that monster die by the hands of justice!”
“Justice? Please.” A cold voice called out from behind the two. 

They looked around and saw Spike leaning on the wall next to the door’s control panel. In one fluid motion Spike destroyed the panel with a single punch, causing the door to slam shut. Giving them privacy until Rioan woke up.
“You’re about as just as I am” Spike growled leaning off the wall.
“There it is.” Kivla said turning his full attention to Spike “Good to see you’re still breathing, for right now at least.”
“Likewise” Spike said as his irises changed to a dark red glow, illuminated from his pitch black eyes. Eyes as piercing as the void, “I’ve been waiting a long time for this”
“Myself as well!” His smile turned malicious, “I’ve been regretting not killing a monster like you when I had the chance!”
“Glad to know you’re still thinking of me.” Spike said taking a few steps towards Kivla, “Gods knows that I haven’t forgotten you.”
“I’ve been thinking of how I want to kill you,” He said stepping towards Spike, “Now I finally get my chance!” He easily towered over Spike.
“You’ve been fantasizing about me?” Spike laughed “You sick pervert.” They were glaring at each other, about a foot of space in between them.

“I knew you wanted to rip my guts out the moment we locked eyes all those years back!” Kivla said winding back to punch Spike, “You still have the eyes of that vicious monster!” Kivla yelled as he made contact and caused Spike to double over in pain. Kivla got a cheap shot in on Spike first.
“Like you’re one to talk!” Spike said, erupting into a powerful uppercut, sending Kivla in the air. “It takes a psychopath to know one!”
Spike ignited himself and launched himself at Kivla “Come on, you’ve gotta hit harder than that!” He said as he properly landed on the ceiling to spring down towards Spike. Ignited with a black fire.
Joseph shuddered as he made sure that he stayed far away from the intense firefight that broke out.  
He knew that he wasn’t watching his brother fight anymore.

“Well fought, Spike was it?” He laughed facetiously “No, you’re not Spike. Spike Frusciante doesn’t exist, does he?” Kivla lunged at him to get a little extra out of his punch.
“I’m about as real as your sense of Justice!” he barked back, ducking under that punch, doing so allowed him to return the favor from before. Kivla doubled over and lost his breath, which allowed him to sweep Kivla’s legs. 
Kivla fell on his ass and hit the ground, hard. He smiled and stepped on Kivla’s neck “What did you honestly expect!?” he started to laugh like a maniac “You couldn’t beat me when I was younger, so what made you think that you had a chance in The Bottom against me now?!”
“Here I thought that you might have gotten rusty!” Kivla choked out with a smile. “Well, I’ve gotten better over time!” Soon Kivla fell through the floor.
“Intangibility” he said coldly “Approach: Wait”

Joseph looked around the room where the fighting had happened. 
There were huge cracks in the siding, and the ground above the core from when one of them was knocked to the ground. There was a mix of red and black fires still burning through the entire casing. The Oricalcum casing was still perfectly fine, but all the added structures were not.
 Kivla had phased through the floor, leaving him open to an attack. He closed his eyes and waited. Using every sense to predict Kivla’s attacks.
Before long he sidestepped a flying Kivla, he was aiming his punch to send Kivla flying through the walls, but somehow missed. Kivla was still missing with his attacks, his reflexes were too fast. Joseph struggled to just keep up, he didn’t even know if he could do anything if he even tried at this point.
The next attack came from his side, instead of dodging, he just wound back to punch Kivla as he flew by. “Predictable!” He barked, about an inch from  impact. Kivla didn’t even move, but his punch went through Kivla’s body
“I GOT YOU!” A voice bellowed from below him. Before he had time to move, he felt two pairs of hands grab his legs.
That was the break he needed, multiple Kivlas floated through the various walls and ceiling. All of which were surrounding him, two Kivla’s held his arms in place, one Kivla to put him in a chokehold, all along with the two Kivla clones below him. A total of five Kivlas were holding Spike in place, for the only one that wasn’t binding him.

“You really haven’t disappointed me Frusciante,” Kivla laughed as he punched him in the head. “You made me sweat, speaking of which-” He then snapped his fingers and his clones erupted into his black fire, burning the target. 
Kivla used the moment of initial ignition to punch him as hard as he could, sending him flying into the wall.
Without wasting a moment, Kivla started to launch all his energy as black fire to the spot where he was at. The fire consumed everything on that side of the room, thankfully Joseph wasn’t on that side.

“Excellent!” Kivla said out of breath as he looked at his fire, “He’s still alive! I can finish things properly now!”
That gave him a second wind, his smile and gaze was fixated on his fires that weren’t being extinguished. Rather consistently burning. “I’m not through with you yet Frusciante!”
“Alright! You win!” Joseph said speaking up, “It’s clear to see-
“Shut it boy!” Kivla growled, “He killed the communications, led me here, tried to kill me, so I’m far from done. He gave me this freedom to slay this demon, so I plan on using it!”
“What are you-” Joseph went to say something, only to be cut off by Kivla
“Leave the talking to the men!” he sneered glancing over at Joseph temporarily, “I’m going to kill  the notorious Single Son, it’s long overdue!”
“Don’t do this!” Joseph pleaded while standing in between The Single Son and Kivla, “You win, just please don’t antagonize him any more! Just go away!”
“Oh, and what will you do boy?” He said standing right infront of Joseph “Why do you want to protect him so much?”
“I’m not doing this for him, you stupid Cunk!” Joseph yelled at him.
“What are you-” Kivla said, only to be stunned as he saw flames converge in the wall, all where The Single Son was at.

A sound emerged from the flames, it was more akin to a calm low growl from a vicious beast, and it destroyed every ounce of confidence Kivla had. 
“Never Play A Losing Game.” Kivla had realized that he no longer was able to breathe due to the high pressure from the new flames emerging.

“Magickal Analysis: Complete.” the cold voice said within the raging fire “Target was drawing from the near empty planet for energy to constantly fuel his fire. When combined with his own fire energy the target seemed invincible, intangible, and powerful. In addition, this black fire is just life force added to the energy”. Kivla’s face lost all color when hearing those words.
“Upon fortifying the room’s walls with my own energy, I’m simultaneously able to block you from draining the core of the planet. Blocking you from going intangible, and-” 
The voice trailed off into laughter, purple and crimson red flames shot out of the hole where Spike was, consuming the black fire, “Thanks to your pathetic darkness back all those years, I’ve known how to combine my genetic energy along with my elemental energy. Guess who I’ve been waiting for to be the first lab rat for my first experiment, of my Flames of Hatred!?”
Kivla was desperately trying to breathe, to no avail. He soon realized what a difference in power there was.  He was a mere child standing before that monster. The Single Son.
“I didn’t do it for him.” Joseph sighed stepping out of the way, “I was doing that for you and my Captain. Moreover, he’s not going to let some lowly maggot like you stand in his way of completing his primary mission.”
‘Primary mission!?’ Kivla tried to say, before it happened.  
Before Kivla had any time to react, it seemed like Spike had flown across the room instantaneously and delivered a flaming hammer blow, sending Kivla down through the metal floor.  To his misfortune he didn’t hit any of the Oricalcum casing, he was led away to the center. All so he could fall straight down to the core, a one way trip to Hell.

“Primary Mission, meet my maker. Kill My maker.”

Kivla’s skull was shattered, and he couldn’t feel anything anymore…
Yet, somehow he was able to turn around to look up as he fell. As the fires around The Single Son had vanished, Kivla could have sworn that he saw… Onyx black scales?
Not like it mattered, he then fell into the core’s piping. The Intense heat of the concentrated star consumed Kivla far before he reached the actual core, and as luck would have it…


Mission Results: Success!
Rank: C+ 
Dispatch: All from The Guild Civil Distortion;
Spike/Hibachi Man The Fire Mage.
Joseph The Water Mage.
Damages:  900,000 credits for the damages from… the fall. 
Rewards:  N/A
Order Notes: Spike Frusciante: Insubordination: 27th offence
Punishment arranged by Priscilla Mokolov.

“...and then he fell on a banana peel, causing him to break the floor. From there he just fell into the sun.” Joseph said backing up Spike’s story. 
“With our luck, the energy that Kivla had was enough to sustain the sun for a good two millenia. Kinda sad considering all his energy only ended up being enough for about five percent of the entire station’s reserves. Spike had to fill in the rest.” Joseph followed up.
Joseph and Spike were able to construct an elaborate lie as to how Kivla died.  Thankfully, Rioan was pissed at Kivla for cold-cocking her. 
They reported that during that time she showed him the core, someone’s lunch was left behind. Considering that Kivla was an extremely dense being, going through the ‘old rusted floor’ wasn’t too much of a long shot.

“A banana peel?” Priscilla said in disbelief with her forehead resting on her hand in frustration.
“A banana peel,” Spike said leaning back on the door “Any questions?” 
Priscilla exhausted “No, mission accomplished, now go to bed. I’m almost done with all the phone calls.”
“You mean you’re almost done apologizing for me?” Spike grinned widely, “Why thank you Captain!”
“Can’t argue that point.” She exhausted “Yes, but I’d like to thank-” she turned to Joseph, “You, for whatever you did. I didn’t get a single citation from that Voyager mess. Saves me a lot of trouble.”
“Boss, I’m offended,” Spike said sarcastically, “You make me sound like some sort of monster, some sort of demon.”
“Well, to be fair a Voyager did die while you were there.” Priscilla told him.
“We told you-” Spike was cut off.
“Fine, banana peel.” She sighed “Spike… I need to talk to Glixor in private, we’re done here anyhow.”
“Sweet!” Spike stood up and stretched, “I’m headed to bed! Joseph don’t forget, we have cardio in the morning!” He said leaving the briefing room.

Soon it was just those two, “Relax Glixor,” Priscilla smiled, “He’s gone.”
“What are you-” He was cut off by her closing the door behind Spike.
“Using the ship’s various scanners, I know that your heart rates have been awfully high since you two came back.” She informed him, “Your hearts just slowed down a bit, after Spike left.”
“I guess it wasn’t hard to see for you, was it boss?” Joseph sighed
“Spike on the other hand was completely normal… well, normal for Spike anyhow.” She commented “So, how bad was it?”
Joseph shuttered “He was back.”
“I see,” She hummed, “I thought you’d be familiar with that side of him.”, she pressed a few buttons on her arm, and a blue drink emerged from Priscilla’s desk, “You’ve earned this one Glixor, hopefully you can be okay with this familiar behavior by now. It’s been over twenty years after all.” 
“I... I am, and that’s what disappoints me.” Joseph said before downing his drink in one go.
“What’s the matter Glixor?” She asked concerned after he put the drink down, he had a moment of wincing from the alcohol’s biting taste.
“...” Joseph thought for a moment before saying, “I’m worried about who he truly is. Is he Spike Frusciante? Or is he the Single Son?”
“That’s simple Glixor” Priscilla smiled at Joseph to comfort him “He’s both.”
Not so comforting.

“Hey captain! Open up!” Shae was back at base, she was checking in with Priscilla. Per routine after a certain incident, whenever anyone goes off to the hospital, they have to check in with the captain before you do anything else. 
…I’m pretty sure you can guess who ruined that for everyone.

“Boss!?” She shouted again. There was no direct reply, but the doors opened up after the second time she called out. Shae stepped in the captain’s room, only to find a not so shocking sight.
 Shae couldn’t help but laugh, Priscilla was face down on her desk with a large, mostly empty, bottle in her hand.  It was quite the sight, her desk was actually clean. The floor on the other hand not so much, as all of her paperwork had fallen down around her desk. 
The rest of her room wasn’t in too bad of shape.  Judging by the piles of books by her desk and her charging bay, she had recently been binging a book series she had gotten up into the High Hundreds of volumes. It’s still going strong too, a popular romance series.
Shae noticed a couple torn pages and dog eared page corners instantly from looking at the books. She didn’t just upload them directly in her, Shae smiled when she realized that her boss was doing things manually. 

“I didn’t think you got drunk,” Shae said making her way over to her Captain, “Yet here we are.”
“Yeah, well I’m not supposed to be able to feel lasting stress either.” She muttered sitting up. She took another swig from the bottle, “Shae, do you remember the days where things were easy?”
“When?” Shae asked, “Back in the Academy?”
“Man those were good days.” She sighed placing her head back down, “Though I only met you during my last year, you were just a freshman.”
“True, but the fact we became friends really helped improve my reputation” Shae laughed, “People started seeing me as the badass I am! Making the following fifteen years were a blast. Then you swooped in a few years after I graduated, promising me to make a guild worthy of us!”
“Good stress free days, back when I was the badass ‘Walking Immunity’... I’ve become such a shame to cybernetic life.” Priscilla said face down. 
She lifted her head and Shae saw how exhausted she looked, “Clearly that Fatal Error is at fault for the stress, and for my drinking.”
“Oh come on, that’s not the fault for your stress, that’s Spike.” She laughed “That’s also a situation where you could just let him go, get someone new in here. Someone who listens better than he does.”
“That should be the option that I choose, but I can’t do that.” She moaned as she lifted a bottle of Electrii to take a large drink of. “I don’t know why I can’t do that, and it’s killing me.”
Much like humans, robots have found ways to become inebriated. The drink that she’s drinking is fueling her system with additional electrical currents going through their body. Yes, magick is also at play to help out.

“Maybe… Captain, maybe something will be different this time” Shae said, completely changing her tone. “It’s been a decade or so since you last checked on that error, maybe someone has discovered a way to fix it?”
“I don’t think that’s possible.” she said with sorrow. “No one has found anything based on my specs.”
“Yet!” Shae said snatching the drink out of her Friend’s hand. “Technology is always improving, you should know that better than the rest of us.”
“Uhhgg.” Priscilla moaned before her head drooped over, “Energy At 5%”
“That wasn’t your auto-voice!” Shae said chugging the remaining drink, which wasn’t enough to do her any damage.
“Shush,” Priscilla said looking up “I’m just tired I guess.”
“Telling you, letting go of Spike would help!” Shae said making her way over, “Or you know, you need to get laid. I’m sure either of those will help you”
Shae picked up Priscilla and made her way over to the charging dock, “I’m not going to expose my hardware again.” She muttered “Unless you can find someone who actually knows what they’re doing.”
“Shhh, let me take care of that for you crazy lady.” Shae said placing Priscilla on the dock, “Just rest, you’ve had a long couple of months” Shae said before pressing a few buttons on the charging dock. 
Several wires emerged and plugged into Priscilla. With the proper wires plugged in, Priscilla closed her eyes. “Sleep mode engaged. Complete charge in nineteen hours.”
Shae smiled and gave Priscilla a hug. After doing so, she locked her boss’ room, and made her way to bed.

Social Medias
Face-in-Space Posts:
Spike Frusciante: If you can’t stand the heat, don’t compete <3

Joseph Glixor: Yes. I saw it happen. I’m not even joking. I saw that banana peel attack him, quite the humiliation. It’s just a good thing he filled the sun by a good five percent. Weird, what a little amount of energy… maybe he deserved the banana peel of fury to slay him.

Twatters Posts:
@Priscilla_Mokolov: Again, for all those who have called, look to the Fire mage. #NotMyFault, #ItsSpike, #HibachiMan

@BossLadyWith8008S (Shae Strox): Back home in my bed, nothing can quite beat the comfort of your own bed! #I’mhome!, #Sleeping.

Chapter 3 
Femme Fatale

“Three hundred!” Spike said turning back into his humanoid form. Spike and Joseph were currently in their space station’s cardio room… 
Well, that’s what they liked to call their engine room. 
Engines were pumping, and thumping in time. Green lights were flashing, energy lines were lit up, with various machinery inter-connected all around the room. In the center were several large racks of empty energy coress, as well as our favorite idiots. 
“Hit me again!” Spike said, tossing another full energy core into the box. Spike’s was surpassing his normal capacity of pouring his energy into about ninety energy cores. 
“How are you managing to fill so many?!” Joseph asked in astonishment.
“Because I’m epic!” Spike gloated while flexing, “Plus, I can use both halves freely now! The test was a phenomenal success! Twenty plus years of planning well spent, I had it figured out years ago, but I had plenty more to master it. Theoretically of course.” 
Joseph happened to be on his thousandth in case anyone wondered.

See, different elements can yield different amounts of potential energy that can be consumed by everything in the galaxies.
It’s hidden in the fine print, but a huge part of being a Space Knight is just to generate energy cores to be used by the public. The worlds’ technology all ran on energy in various forms. Magick is a daily aspect of life, both by casting and by using machines to do it for them.
Elemental, natural, and celestial forms of energy are the usual targets to make the energy cores. Those who yield destrucktive or demonic energy can produce some cores, but the cost to make the equipment was ridiculously high, so they usually got skipped over for the other, easier energies. 
Not for Shae and Spike though, they had that technology.

When it comes to the energy cores, two things matter. How much energy is inside it, and how dangerous it is depends on the energy inside them.
The energy cores are usually used to produce power for the masses… but there are a decent amount of cores that are purchased to be used like bombs. 
If a tank has demonic, electric, fire, or destrucktive energy cores, they are propelled out of the cannon, because they are all considered ‘dangerously volatile’. If something were to happen to the energy core, then it would erupt with a massive explosion of that energy.
If the core had wind, water, celestial, or earth energies in it, then a giant mass of that element poured out in a massive stream, not explode. 
These are often referred to as ‘Prank Bombs’.
Water would bring out a lot of water, and since it’s the easiest element to manipulate, water energy was used the most. A simple water mage could produce five hundred cores easily. Water Mages are a rarity though.

Fire mages are a little more common, but their energy isn’t as easily collected. They have to have precise focus on their energy being channeled into the core, otherwise it could explode. 
A normal fire mage can usually make around one hundred containers as a benchmark for a day. Meaning that Spike’s been a lazy fire mage Space Mage. 

They all call this room the cardio room, because they all sink their entire energy reserves into the energy cores. They literally pour all of their energy into these cores on an every other day basis, they literally drain themselves.
Joseph and Spike took Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and now Sundays too thanks to Spike’s desire to train. Leaving Priscilla and Shae filling them up on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays.
That’s how their ships stay powered so well. One ounce of liquidized energy can power a small personal shuttle for twelve hours of heavy usage.
...Wow, I feel like this was a shix-ton of exposition, let's get back to the morons. 

“I think you don’t fully comprehend how badly I want Priscilla to blow me” 
Spike grinned as he picked his words perfectly for the moment of  getting back to the story. That bastad. 

“Uhhh… I thought I was the one that was smitten by her?” Joseph said confused, “I didn’t think you were into her.”
“No my dearest Joseph, this goes beyond any simple aspect of lust!” Spike said while working his way to another cabinet of empty energy containers, “This is about humiliation!” 
“Uhhh,” Joseph muttered as he continued to fill up the cores, en masse. 
“By your confused expression, I take it I need to explain myself.” Spike said while starting to funnel his energy out through his arms into more and more of the energy cores. Surprisingly, nothing exploded.
“It’s not the blowjob I’m interested in. It’s the fact that I get to proudly state that Priscilla, the former brightest rising star of the tech world, sucked my dick. That is what I’m interested in. After years of her berating us, I think it’s about time she got taught some humility!” Spike grinned like a madman. 
“Spike you’re sick!” Joseph said in between laughs, his water’s concentration accidentally fluctuated too much, and his current prank bomb went off. “Damn it Spike!” Joseph said, still laughing, he soon just reabsorbed the water in the room.
“You know you love me,” Spike chuckled, taking a bow.
“Love, yes. Understand, Yes.” He finished filling the core back up, “Admit you’re right and say this is hilarious and I’m totally cool with it? Never in public.” Joseph said walking over to Spike, “I’ve already called the rest of these cores.” 
“Too bad, I’m doing cardio.” Spike said engulfing the cabinets in fire,  “I’ll have these done in forty minutes flat. Besides you still seem a little soggy, go make yourself decent man!” He nagged him
“Ugh, remind me to never get you motivated again,” Joseph smiled. “I’m gonna head to Priscilla’s office and see if there are any new missions.”
“Let her know that I’ll be around to check in after-”
“After your nap, I know.” Joseph sighed while walking out of the room. “Science, I swear you sleep so much, it’s like you’re a sloth demon or something”
“I’ll go with, or something” Spike said getting started with the new cores. “Hey, can you ask the boss if my request for information has been approved yet? You know how badly I want to start my hunt for that bastad.”
“Yeah yeah, I’ll ask”

With that, Joseph almost left the room, only to duck back in the doorway. “Hey after your nap, remember to go apologize to Shae. She got out of the hospital late last night and it’s not like you put her in there or anything.”
“Is she on her run now? Or is she back?” Spike asked
“I dunno. But by the time you get done here, there’s not a single doubt in my mind that she’ll be reading in her room.” Joseph said waving goodbye.
Spike then did something unexpected when Joseph left, he started counting. To three hundred, and after the five minutes passed Spike snapped his fingers. Upon doing so, he sent a tempest of fire started, all funneling into the energy cores. Drastically reducing his time, by filling the three hundred empty cores within a minute.
“Well, that was draining… literally. Think I’m actually tapped out of energy for a change.” Spike muttered extinguishing himself as he sluggishly walked out of the cardio room. He was on a mission, he was going to lay down… eventually.

When Spike arrived at the living quarters, he looked around for any signs of Joseph.  He walked past the couch and table that were currently cluttered by all of the crew’s junk. 
Games, books, magazines, snacks, and even a few android coloring books.
He went over to Joseph’s door and knocked. “Sorry to bug you dude, but I just had an idea!” Spike knocked on Joseph's door again. Several seconds passed before Spike knocked again, “Dude?”... Silence…
“Beautiful” Spike grinned. He walked his way over to the other side of the room, passing his own door. Instead, he was now in front of Shae’s door.

He knocked nine times and called out, “Shae? You in there?”
“Yeah, gimme a sec,” Shae said from the other side. “I’m just getting dressed, you caught me changing.”
“You know you’re more than welcome to open the door now, I wouldn’t be complaining in the slightest.” Spike chuckled.
“Oh I know you wouldn’t.” Shae said opening the door, but to Spike’s dismay she was fully dressed in PJ pants and a Band T shirt. “But I am a lady afterall, I should act like it from time to time.”
“Suit yourself” Spike smiled as he made his way into her room.
“I did” She smiled closing the door behind him.
“Figure of speech,” Spike smiled as he walked his way directly through Shae’s room.  He paid little mind to anything else in the room, other than the giant bed that was in the corner of the room. 
“Bed!” Spike said collapsing onto Shae’s un-made bed.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Shae said walking next to her bed.
“I’m tired, I just donated enough fire energy for six hundred energy cores” He said face down in a pillow, “A large planet will pay us for a whole year now, You’re welcome by the way, my suffering benefits my friends.”
“Oh poor little baby” Shae said sarcastically while sitting down on her bed, “I had the bones in my arms shattered by a certain Fire Mage.”
“Want me to kick his butt for you?” He asked unmoving.
“Nah, I think I can manage doing that myself juuuust fine,” Shae grinned looking down at the exhausted Spike. Hers to beat however she wanted.  She clapped her hands together and started to rub her hands to generate some friction for heat, to hit the Fire Mage with... 
Like I said folks, we’re not working with the brightest people here.

“I know you’re what you’re thinking,” Spike said while still face down, “but don’t do it, in fact, I dare you not to do it.”
“Give me one reason why I shouldn’t get vengeance on you for what you did to me?” Shae asked, taking aim. “Maybe Joe will help me. I’m sure he’s always game to help me pummel you for being a smartass. Maybe he’s been plotting to get even with you after the whole Priscilla situation.”
Shae wound back and mercilessly smacked Spike’s ass. 
After an intentional overtly sexual moan, he replied “Oh noooo, my superior is getting handsy with me. Joseph and the boss aren’t here, and I can’t do aaanyything to stop you!” Spike said slightly wiggling his ass in the air. 
“Oh really?” Shae grinned as she rubbed her hands together again, “Well, any last words before I destroy that ass?”

“Ye.s” Spike said turning around while sitting up, wincing slightly from pain from his sore butt. “I won the battle the other day, didn’t I? So doesn’t that mean you still have something to say to me? A reward?”
“Well that depends, who are you asking as? A mage of the Order, or as Spike Frusciante?” Shae grinned as she sat next to him, knowing his answer.
“I’m Spike, aren’t I?” he grinned.
“Fiiiine,” Shae said getting in Spike’s face. “You’re such a child you know?”
“Say it,” Spike grinned. “After you do, I’ll apologize”
“... I can’t say no to you.” she said as she felt herself starting to smile, “Spike you’re immature, obnoxious, lazy, crude… but…”

Shae leaned in towards Spike and gave him a passionate and loving kiss. 

“I love you. I’m helplessly in love with you my dearest Spike.” Shae said feeling herself blushing with a warm smile, “and I’m okay with that.” She said looking up at him, “Perfectly.
“I know you are,” Spike said before kissing Shae’s forehead “I love you too Shae, with my entire being, with both of my cores.” Spike wrapped his arms around Shae, who did likewise. 

“Oh no, I’m collapsing!” Spike then laid back on the bed, bringing Shae down with him. “Destruktion mage what did you do?” Spike joked.
“I fell in love with an idiot.” She said nuzzling into Spike, “Or maybe I just fell into an idiot… Wait, what’s the difference” She laughed
“I don’t know.” Spike said holding Shae close to him. “Hey Shae, for what it’s worth you know that I didn’t want to hurt you, or make fun of you at all. I’m sorry that I had to do both” He sincerely apologized.
“I know, and thank you. I did get some nice time being elevated.” She winked as she was looking up at him, “But we agreed to these rules. If you and I didn’t actually fight and hurt each other, people may start getting suspicious. Besides-” She smiled as she leaned up to give Spike a kiss. 
“I appreciate you taking the less painful approach of winning.” she gave him another kiss, “You didn’t hit me unless you had to, because I know I taught you how to be pretty scrappy.”
“True, you are a badass teacher.” Spike said smiling down at Shae “But still, I’m still sorry I hurt you.”
“Thank you. I know you are, and you know I’d feel the same way if-”
“Rather when,” Spike chimed in quickly with a grin.
“Rather when,” Shae continued with a new smile “I hurt you, and I’m sorry. I really wish that I didn’t have to.”
“At least we’re both in agreeance.” Spike said while patting Shae’s head, “Much like the fact that you can kick my ass any given day of the week.”
“We have to. To keep us a secret.” Shae said lightening up as her ego started recovering after hearing those words. Coming from her dearest Spike, “I refuse to lose you due to some stupid rule.”
“I agree, and that’s why we have that savings account ready if we get fired. Or if we just get me fired,” Spike reminded her “You’re more important to me than some stupid job. You love this life, and I love you. This life is pretty cool too I guess, space vigilanties.”
“Though it is nice to know that I can kick your ass at any of the eight days of the week, and you’ll forgive little ol’ me. Every time” she teased
“I’m not too sure about that,” He laughed, “I might find some way to get back at you.” He said winking at her. 
“Bring it on” She said pulling him down to her. The two smiled at each other and started making out, and... ugh… From there it escalated…

“Oh my god, that was incredible!!” Spike said breathing heavily under the covers with Shae. Hands locked with hers, “We have to do that again!”
“A-agreed” Shae practically moaned, out of breath. 
The two were laying in Shae’s bed after… Well, I don’t need to actually say it. Let’s put those remaining IQ points of yours to work. Anyhow…

“Oh, this reminds me!” Shae said remembering something, “We need to talk about something stupid you’ve done, again!”
“Oh boy, never a good sign” Spike said cuddling with Shae. “What’s up?”
“It’s this whole Priscilla bet thing!” Shae exclaimed as she turned to face him, “Did you really not think we weren’t gonna talk about this?”
“Yeah, I thought you wouldn’t be okay with that bet. I’m sorry I did that. You know that you’re the only one that I want. Sans Layna.” Spike sincerely apologized, “But per our rules, I’ve got to do shit like that occasionally.”
“I know…” Shae was quiet for a moment. “Listen… I’m going to say this once, because I can’t believe this myself.” She took a deep breath “As your very significant other I’m supposed to be irritated you said that… but...”
“But?” Spike asked confused.
“I’m completely in agreement with you, this is too glorious of an opportunity to pass up. This goes beyond it just being oral!” Shae said to Spike “It’s time for her to gain some humility, and we might as well be the ones to teach her how to be humbled… ooorrr, dominated!”
“Wait!” Spike said in shock “We?!”
“I’m not only going to help you train, but I’m going to help escalate things.” She said with a devilish grin. “We are going to knock that bitch down a peg or twenty-seven thousand!”
“I suddenly remembered one of the many reasons I love you,” Spike grinned. “I like where things are going you pervert, please continue”
“Alright so here’s my end goal!” Shae smiled “I promised Priscilla I’d find someone who knew what they were doing, so I want us to bang Priscilla!”
“Excuse me?!” Spike said in shock
“You heard me.” Shae smiled “This is the only time I’ll ever let you touch another woman… sans Layna. However, I will be there too, so try not to ignore me too much, you know how I get jealous.” She winked at Spike, “Besides, this is golden. If this does happen, then any suspicions about us Priscilla has will be thrown out of the airlock! She’ll block the entire incident, and leave it in her embarrassment folder”
“You’re such a clever pervert” Spike laughed.
“Aaaaannnnd?” Shae replied simply with her grin.
“What’s your plan Boss Lady?” Spike asked moving the conversation along.

Shae just smiled slyly as she positioned herself to get on top of Spike, “Alright it has three parts” She started, “First when we both ‘mysteriously’ pop into her office. I’ll make the oh-so noble sacrifice to be the witness to the fact that Priscilla has to honor her deal if you win.” She said stifling a laugh.
“I’ll also throw in something along the lines of ‘wouldn’t you prefer another woman watches and not another guy who probably would get off on it later?’”
“I like it so far” Spike grinned getting things moving, “What comes next?”
“Then, when you win, and that is WHEN you win. When it’s just the three of us, I’ll offer a little help to her” Shae smiled, she was getting into it now, “When we do cardio together we talk a lot, and she’s a super detailed oriented lady. There was always a recurring topic, sex. See, she’s told me that she has little to no direct experience in that area.”
“I think I see where this is going, but please” Spike grinned “I’ll allow Major Pervert to continue with her devious plot”
“Thank you Private Dix!” She said giving Spike a quick peck on the lips, “I’ll see that she's struggling with her promise, then I’ll humbly ask that everyone in this room never talk about what will happen in that room. 
After everyone agrees, I’ll reluctantly offer to show Priscilla how to properly give someone head. One of the things I’ll say is that ‘you have to be into it!’ and suggest a low level pink magick aphrodisiac to help her get in the mood. At this rate, we’re really reaching the endgame.” she said getting excited
“I really like where this is going,” Spike smiled, “Let’s hope she doesn’t download a blowjob program.” Spike giggled. “Please, go on.”
“So at this time the pink magick should be really working on her, you’ll probably see an improvement in her ability slightly,” Shae detailed, “However, I’m sure she won’t be decent enough yet, so we play the waiting game.”
“Waiting game?” Spike asked, “How long?”
“Hold on for thirty minutes or so then I’ll suggest for everyone’s sake, that she could do something else in lieu of just blowing you. Naturally I’d say once again that whatever happens in that room, stays in that room. I’ll be helping derail you along the way, just so you don’t get too excited”
“And then…?” Spike asked getting ready for the climax.
“After that I’ll dismiss all pink magick so her processors can be crystal clear to make this decision. I’d suggest to ‘coach’ her, in a very, very hands on approach to help her bang you. After she agrees with both of us sublty convincing her, I’ll also suggest getting the pink magick going again, only suggesting a much stronger spell.” Shae’s grin grew as she reached the climax of her plot. 
“At that time, please, by all means, destroy that bitch.” Shae smiled devilishly “I want her to walk with a limp for a couple days.” Shae leaned down and moaned in Spike’s ear, “How’s that for motivation for winning?”

“Have I told you that I love you lately?” Spike said wrapping his arms around her, “It’s something I think is super important for you to know.”
“Everyday.” Shae smiled warmly as she wrapped her arms around him, “Which I must say, is quite nice.”
“Hey, I need to tell such an amazing woman how I feel about her each and everyday.” Spike said still holding Shae. “I don’t want her to forget.”
“I’m pretty sure she’ll never be able to forget that fact either.” Shae said putting her hands on Spike’s face. “Unless she gets dementia or something.”
“Whatever you say beautiful.” Spike said leaning in and kissing her.
“Yes, I am beautiful” Shae said smugly getting him to kiss her.
“Easy there,” Spike said smiling, “You’re getting a big head, and I’d hate to have you unable to leave your room.”
“As long as I have you in here, I’m pretty sure I’ll be fine.” Shae smiled widely, “I’m sure we could find something to entertain ourselves with” Shae said groping Spike’s… well I won’t say.
“Hey there,” Spike said to Shae “Do you think we have enough time?”
“I mean it wouldn’t be the first time you’ve slept in.” She reminded him. “Or the first time I got too engulfed with reading.”
“True enough,” Spike laughed as he playfully pushed Shae over so he could be on top, “So I guess that means we can really start enjoying-”
At that moment there was a Ferocious Fuzzy Flash that dove across the room, attacking Spike’s exposed ass.
Am I different than this book’s narrator? ;P
“AH, GODSDAMN IT!” Spike yelled out in pain as he fell out of the bed.
“I was wondering when she was going to show up!” Shae said happily while keeping her top covered, “Hey Mittens! Come up here to mama!”
“Meow!” Mittens cried out victoriously after defeating Spike. She jumped up on the bed and laid down on Shae’s lap. Flawless Victory!
“Hey there little girl!” Shae said as she started petting the cat, “How’s mama’s little angel doing today?”
“Angel? Don’t you mean hellspawn?” Spike said off of the bed, glaring at the cat, “Good to see you Mittens, timing is as great as ever. Very suspicious you devious little hellspawn.”
“I know she’s an asshole, but she’s mama's little angel!” Shae said as she started rubbing her pussy.
“I swear that cat has the worst timing.” Spike said attempting to get back on the bed. Mittens graciously permitted him that at least, but when he tried to get close to Shae, Mittens started to hiss and swipe at him.
“She’s still getting used to you,” Shae said picking up Mittens to pet her. 
“We’ve been dating for two years now, how much longer is she going to take?” Spike groaned in defeat.
“She’ll accept you in her own time.” Shae lifted Mittens in front of her “Who's mama’s little baby girly gir-” Without mercy, Mittens swiped at Shae’s face, leaving a decent scratch on her cheek.
 “OW! You fuzzy little asshole!” Shae said dropping mittens after the vicious attack.  With a smug look on her face, Mittens strutted to the other side of the room to lay down in her cat bed in victory. 
“Want me to kiss it and make it better?” Spike said moving next to Shae.
“Yes please” she giggled.

Before anything could happen, both Shae’s and Spike’s Virtua Systems started ringing at the same time. 
The smiles from their faces faded fast, “Any chance that this isn’t them calling us?” Shae said while reaching for her’s.
“I dunno, but hey-” Spike said reaching for Shae’s hand, holding it before she could reach her Virtua System. “I’m glad I got to spend some time with you like this today. I really missed you yesterday Shae.”
Shae couldn’t help but smile, she felt herself blush as she said, “I’m glad we got the chance to spend some time together like this today too, and you already know I missed you.” 
Before either of them answered their Virtua Systems, they gave each other a kiss, followed up by “I love you”
Ugh, how sickening. I think I need some antacids.

“Whhhhyyy me?” Shae proclaimed like a diva. The entire crew of Civil Distortion was in the meeting room, discussing their next mission. 
It was on a High Roller Planet, Ag Spoon’s most lavish Hotel/Casino/Concert Hall/Arena. Suspicious activity had been noticed by the Staff, and finally notified The Order of a possible crime syndicate.
It was also a covert mission, and only two members were to go. “Well I can give you two reasons” Priscilla smiled from the end of the table
“Okay, aside from ‘better you than me’.” Spike spouted “Why am I going?”
“Because you need to learn to behave yourself.” Joseph told him sitting next to Priscilla, “This is a covert mission, and as much as I don’t like acknowledging it, you do have far more experience than I do when it comes to covert operations. Years of it.”
“True enough,” Spike sighed, “Fine, I get it. All you had to do was feed my ego.” He grinned to his brother, “You really know how to play me.”
“But my point still stands” Shae said getting annoyed “Why am I stuck with the problem child? Joseph-”
“Shae, the other reason is because I know that I can trust you to do this” Priscilla smiled, “If not, we’ll finally fire Spike”
“Yay!” Spike and Shae said in unison.
“Spike, why… actually, just, nevermind,” Joseph muttered.
“So this is a no lose situation for me after all!” Shae said happily
“Thought you’d appreciate it.” Priscilla chuckled, “Besides, look how much the Order is giving you to go gamble.” She handed a folder to both Shae and Spike. Surprisingly they both opened it and read it together, the second they got the folder.

“Now you’re just tasked with either arresting, or monitoring, a target. A pretty basic operation, but there’s one tiny detail that I have yet to mention” Priscilla said anxiously, “Shae, I do apologize in advance.” 
“Wait! What?!” They both said in unison.
“They found it.” Joseph chuckled with Priscilla.
“That’s the other reason I won’t be going!” Priscilla giggled
“I have to pretend to be married to him!” Shae said pointing at Spike
“Hey, I’m not thrilled either.” Spike said letting go of the folder, “No offence VC, but I usually like my women to be… well, how do I say this… actually be female biologically. Species doesn’t matter in the slightest, I am ‘The Cosmic-Slut’ after all. Patent pending.”
“Are these not enough to convince you I’m a girl?” She said jiggling her goods towards his face.
“I’m just saying that until I see female genitalia, I’m just assuming you’re a dude. I mean look at those huge meat hooks you call hands” he said poking her arm before she moved it away from him, and then right back to punch Spike.
“Captain, what would happen to me if Spike died on the mission?” She said grinding her teeth, “Juuust on the off chance someone finally beats him to death for opening his mouth?”
“Just say that he fell on a banana peel.” She instructed her.
“Worked for us” Joseph grinned. 

Shae groaned then looked next to her to see Spike, barely paying attention to her, “Spike, how about a truce?”
“Hmmm” Spike hummed, “Only if I can get the room at any time I need it. Say if I meet a lovely lady, I’d like to have some place decent to do some, ‘sensitive’ work for information.”
“Pig,” Shae sighed “Fine!” She said begrudgingly, she stuck out her hand. 
“There you two go,” Priscilla grinned “You guys need to leave ASAP”
“Fine, Shae we should at least arrive in the same ship.” Spike said shaking her hand, “My ship looks more like a civilian vehicle, so give me a few minutes to pack some stuff” He said standing up.
“Fine, I need time to prep myself to deal with you,” Shae groaned. She looked over to Priscilla who still had a smile on her face, “You owe me for this.”
“I’m okay with that.” She laughed, “Thank you for doing this Shae!”

Needless to say, Spike and Shae were extraordinarily ecstatic about this all expenses paid couple’s vacation. They planned to take in everything they could in their time there making ‘mandatory acting as a couple in public time’. So there was little time to focus on doing anything else, like their job.

Mission: Silent Slinking Type: 5JA
Dispatch:  Civil Distortion;
Vice Captain: Shae Strox, Destrucktion Mage
Tactician: Spike Frusciante , Elemental (Fire) Mage
Additional Resources: 100,000,000,000,000 Credits
Location: Planet: Ag Spoon, High Solar Rollers
Briefing: A highly dangerous mobster has been spotted on Ag Spoon’s most luxurious resort. Royal Deluxe. A casino, arena, and hotel all rolled into one place. You’re sure to find some awfully disgusting scum down there.
We noticed a large amount of his funding was recently wired to a personal account of his at Royale Deluxe. Your mission has two objectives:
1: Capture the Target Alive (Files attached)
2: Find out what he needed that money for. There has to be something there, and something too dangerous to be left in his hands.
Rewards: TBD
 

“Okay, so, now that we got that out of the way” Spike said out of breath as he wrapped his arm around Shae. “I suppose we should start working.”
The two had decided to break in their new hotel room as a ‘Married Couple’, but I don’t think that’s a surprise to anyone.
They were laying in a large lavish bed with a deep crimson red cover. The room that they were in would make most lavish bedrooms look like a dilapidated shack. They even had their own personal fountain in the center of the room. For no good reason whatsoever. How disgustingly decadent.
“S-so” Shae said out of breath “So, what do we do first?”
“I dunno, Mrs. Frusciante,” Spike said, “You’re the boss on this mission.”
“What do you mean, on this mission?” She grinned “I am your boss.”
“That’s besides the point.” Spike laughed and kissed the top of her head.
“Alright” Shae then focused herself on the task at hand.

“Now that we have the fun stuff out of the way, let’s talk about the mission and the steps going forward.” Shae said changing her tone “Did you read the dossier?” She asked Spike
“Yes I did” Spike told her “I remember his face, name, tendencies, and voice. Tracking will be far easier.”
“Precisely,” Shae said “So, we know that he’s a man that favors the night. So let’s think about what order we should do things.”
“Hmmm…” Spike thought for a moment “Well first off, what’s our excuse for doing stuff late at night?”
“Hmmm…” Shae thought for a second “Well, it’s not like Demons prefer the night or anything, so we could use you as an excuse.” Shae smiled, “Even better, no one would suspect a demon working for the Order. Dragon maybe, but we both know which half of you is stronger!” 
At which point, she put up fingers to represent a pair of demon horns.

You read that right ladies and gentlemen, Spike is classified as a Demon/Dragon hybrid. For funsies, Shae is a Majinn and Joseph is a Pure Leviathan. ‘But if Spike’s a dragon, why has he been acting like a human would?’ 
I can hear someone through space and time ask. Well let me play my role as Captain Exposition, yet again.

Long ago, almost all the way back in written history, all sentient beasts would take on a humanoid form to better fit into their own formed society. Because it’s easier to house fifty dragons in small human forms, rather than their huge scaly dragon forms.
However, they stayed in their humanoid forms for too long, especially while mating. Soon beasts had lost the ability to transform into the monstrous forms you’re more familiar with… well, mostly.  
There are a rare few who are able to turn into their deadly beast mode.

Remember how I stated earlier that a lot of humans were killed during an incident? Well, I’m talking about most of their race. Humans are extraordinarily rare, most people never get to see one. Anyway…

“Please, if we’re talking pure strength you could beat my ass any day of the week.” Spike winked “Please don’t beat me too hard mistress.”
“Hmmm, sounds fun.” Shae grinned “But, I think we went on a tangent, let’s get back to the matter at hand.”
“Yes mam.” Spike said getting back to business “So I’ll bet that Vampire will be around to see if there’s anything interesting being broadcasted.”
“Glad to see you’re thinking on the right track,” Shae smiled “I’m going to enter you into the arena and place a huge bet on you. If he’s around, I’m sure he’ll take notice of you if you make a big enough splash. Make sure to take your time with the battle too. I’ll let you know when to wrap it up somehow.”
“Leaving you to search the crowd.” Spike smiled “We need to leave our Virtua Systems in our bags, dead giveaways of being Operatives of the Order.”
“Let’s face it, Shae Strox is an easy name to look up. Besides”, She grinned deviously “if the notorious ‘Single Son’ were to enter the arena… ”
“Then all sorts of crime lords will feel comfortable around me” Spike finished her sentence, “Shae, have I told you that I love that big brain of yours?”
“Not within the last day or so” She said hugging Spike. “I’m sorry to do this to you Spike”
“Nonsense” Spike wrapped his arms around her “If I wasn’t okay with it, I wouldn’t agree to it for you”

“Alright, so now that I have my willing volunteer” Shae continued “I want you to make as big of a splash as you can. The more they’re looking at you, the less they’ll be looking at me”
“Well, I’m sure that the name will get enough of attention,” he told her “I guess I’ll just need to live up to the expectations.”
“Spike, there’s one thing that I’m going to need to ask you to do” Shae said clearly bothered, “... You’ll have to act like a Demon”
“So be violent?” He asked, I think I can manage that!”
“You’ll have to do more than that.” Shae said feeling sick, “You’ll have to treat me no more than just a hole to screw.”
“Shae-” Spike went to go say something
“I know… I know” Shae said holding onto Spike, “I won’t hold anything against you when you’re him.”  Spike felt Shae’s grip on him tightened.
“I promise that as soon as I step into this room, I’ll stop.” Spike said. Smiling, he held out a pinky finger “I promise.”
Shae felt instantly relieved, “Promise.” She said locking pinkies. They each gave each other a kiss to seal the deal.

“L-ladies a-a-and G-g-g-g-entllemen,” A terrified voice said over the speakers, “W-w-we h-have a n-new entry for the gauntlet,” the poor guy was struggling so hard to keep talking.
The biggest draw of this resort was daily live combat. This is a frequented place visited by Order operatives and Crime Lords for the same reason. To hire some impressive muscle.
Currently, the main Arena’s descending circular stands were mostly empty. There wasn’t any special match going on right now, so all the seats were pretty empty for the standard duels. 
Shae was sitting in the stands, towards the top so she could have a vantage point to watch everyone there. She also made a large bet before finding a seat, all their credits on Spike to win. A safe bet.
 The crowd suddenly hushed, they had been celebrating the victory of the duel beforehand. But now, they were confused by the stuttering. “I-I-I’m ha-happy to introduce-” The voice clicked off. Shae figured that the poor bastad was probably just trying to calm himself down. His announcements were heard in the Casino, Restaurant, and Hotel Lobby after all. 
For everyone to hear and fear.

“The New Challenger,” He said fully composed now, “We have the one and only Single Son, formerly of the Frusciante Family.”  
Whatever noise there was left, instantly vanished when they heard that announcement.  All eyes and ears were now focused on the arena. 
“That’s my boy” Shae smiled. She started to scan the crowd as they started piling in, she noticed that she felt a lot of people suddenly start making their way to the arena.  The gate on the left side of the arena opened and soon dispersed warriors of all shapes, sizes, genders, species, and magickal masteries. 
Shae felt it before it happened, bringing a smile to her face. The Single Son let loose a large wave of energy, destroying the gate on the right side. 
Shae felt a chill run up her spine as The Single Son entered the theatre, she was looking at a true Demon. Her very own Demon.
There was a mixture of fire and demonic energy flowing from him. A nice sinister swirl of red and purple, “As you know, the Gauntlet is only for those who are foolish enough to think that they can claim victory against all the warriors on shift. Few have undergone this trial, and fewer still have walked away from the gauntlet! Let’s find out who shall win, shall we?!”
Shae did a quick power check of the ‘warriors’ that were on the field, not a single one would even qualify for joining the order. They just looked tough. She giggled to herself, Spike was going to have fun.

After thirty minutes of Spike playing around, Shae noticed a particular crowd of people enter the arena. Five big guys were wearing suits, sunglasses, earpieces, and they were probably packin’ magickal heat. 
There were two people behind them, and one of which was the target. The other was probably their current significant other. 
Thankfully, Spike filled the arena. Shae was free to wander around, “Okay  Shae, time to work!” She said to herself before getting up.
The Target, Doi Do, was unable to get a seat when they arrived, so they were just observing the fight from a ‘safe distance’ along the rails.
She made her way over by the target so she could hear what was being said, thankfully her ear piece was still in. She went to scratch her ear, but was actually turning on her earpiece. An audio recorder, and amplifier. Quite handy.
“Sir, it appears to be the authentic Single Son.” Goon 1 said
“Yes, good work getting us here so fast,” The woman told them. 
“Should have gotten our seats,” Doi said, “But thank you for being our battering rams. Now, all of you shut up. I need to see why the Single Son is here.”

Shae thought to herself about several options that she could choose from, but she decided to just yell the truth.
“COME ON BABE!” Shae yelled in an oddly ditzy voice, she was now leaning over the edge of the arena railing, “FINISH THESE LOSERS! DON’T MAKE ME WAIT TO HAVE FUN WITH A CHAMPION!”
Spike didn’t so much as turn around, but he simply lifted his arm and gave a thumbs up, acknowledging Shae. Play time was over,  then he went to work on his opponents. Well, he wasn’t the only one who noticed her.
“Excuse me, Miss?” Shae turned around and saw two goons, “Are you The Single Son’s significant other?”
“Currently anyhow.” She said maintaining her tone. “How can I help you strapping gentlemen?” She asked walking up to them.
“My employer wishes to know something.” Goon 1 said.
“Why are you and the Single Son here?” Goon 2 asked

Flux. They hadn’t actually addressed that...
Shae didn’t let it show, but she panicked slightly. Those two didn’t have a reason set up, and this was the return of the Single Son. Oopsies. 
Shae smiled in spite of that, because she knew that she had nothing to worry about.  She trusted Spike,“You’ll find out for yourself, look down there!” 
She knew he'd explain it away! Spike had just knocked out the last warrior, he was surrounded by a pile of unconscious bodies. 
At that time, an announcer was being forcefully pushed out into the arena. “Ladies and Gentlemen!” the announcer started “We have a new champion of the Arena, you all have witnessed the sun rise after it’s long night!”
The crowd lost their minds, they were cheering and yelling as loud as they could. The announcer was next to Spike now.
“The Single Son of the Frusciante Family!” He said raising Spike’s hand into the air “A special treat for all of us!” He let go of Spike out of fear the moment he could, “Sir, would you like to say anything? The galaxies thought you were dead!” He extended the Microphone out, and without a moment of hesitation, Spike snatched the mic. Shae wondered what he was going to say, how serious he’d be.
“Ladies, Gentlemen, I have one answer for both of those” He growled “The reason why I vanished was because of the one and only Bloodwing”
The audience practically died from hearing that name, few people kept talking after hearing that name.
“So, I’m stating this right now!” He barked “Bloodwing, you’re next! I will incinerate  every atom of your being, and I will take everything that is rightfully mine!” The crowd absolutely ate it up as they erupted into applause.

Shae had to fight laughing, she just always got a kick whenever Spike was acting serious. She thought it was so adorable.

“EVERYONE SHUT THE FLUX UP!” Spike yelled as he opened the door to the hotel room, without making eye contact, “Get in there glitch!”
“Yes sir!” Shae said following orders.
“For the rest of you,” Spike said coldly, “I just spared those guys in the arena because they’re doing their job, they didn’t bother me. Now-” He let loose a wave of energy, knocking a few people own “Can you imagine what I’d do to someone who actually bothered me?” He saw one of the ‘journalists’ piss himself on his live stream. “That’s for you dearest Bloodwing”

Upon saying that he slammed the door, and Spike immediately changed his tone, “Shae I’m so sorry for what I did on the elevator up.”
“Thank you Spike,” She smiled wrapping her arms around him. “Though I do admit that I knew something like this would happen, so I’m getting my own revenge on you, so don’t worry about me!” she reassured him
“Oh really?” He laughed, “riiiight”
Shae put on her very own shit eating grin, “I can prooove it”
“This should be good,” Spike said amused “Go on.”
“What voice am I using for my public voice?” She asked him
Immediately, Spike realized that she wasn’t lying. He started laughing his ass off, “Damn, You know that voice makes me cringe!”
“I’m not sorry for my actions, but-” She leaned in to kiss Spike, “I do apologize for their effects.”
“Fair is fair, same here you beautiful woman.” Spike smiled with a wink, “Well Milady, what would you like to do?, it’s only 1AM, plenty of night left”
“Well a couple things. First and foremost, all the winnings from our bet were transferred to our account. We’re beyond set now, we could retire right now if we wanted.”
“Nah,” Spike smiled, “That’s too boring.”
“I agree,” She laughed “Oh yeah! Something else I didn’t get a chance to tell you because there were a ton of people around, but I found the target.” She told him, “I not only found him, but I introduced myself as the Single Son’s significant other. To pique his interests.”
“Okaayyy?” Spike asked slightly confused, no surprise there.
“He wants to meet us for some… breakfast? Dinner?” She said confused
“Let’s go with brinner” Spike said
“Right, he was rather insistent that he wanted to talk to you before anyone else.” She let go of Spike, “So I guess that step one was a complete success.”
“Right,” Spike said leading Shae to the couch. “Now for Step two,”
“The hardest part” She sighed as they sat down together.
“Acting.” They both said, holding each other already defeated.

“What shall I address you as Sir?” He asked.
Right now, Spike and Shae were sitting in the VIP section of the Hotel’s ritziest restaurant. Though that didn’t really stop people from following Spike. 
There wasn’t a single empty seat in the restaurant.

Spike glared at their target Doi, as Shae leafed through her menu. 
“‘Sir’ will suffice” He said coldly, staring him straight in the eyes.
Doi laughed nervously, “You certainly live up to expectations, Now-” Doi said changing his tone, “I’d like for all of us to, ‘get to know’ each other.”
“What does that mean?” Spike asked staring him down.
“I want to know what your price is” He asked Spike “Clearly you’ve disavowed the Frusciante Family, or the other way around, but the point is clear.”
“What is my point?” He asked
“That Bloodwing should start watching his back” The man said. Spike was silent for a moment, before it started. 
Doi never expected the Single Son to… giggle?

Spike smiled, “I like you. Alright, I’ll amuse you, what would you like from me?” He asked. “You can relax, I can almost promise that I won’t kill you during this dinner. So long as it’s on your tab.”
“C-certainly” Doi said somewhat shocked by the change in Spike’s demeanor. “By all means, order whatever you want.”
“Planned on it darlin’!” Shae said reading the menu.
“Allow me to properly introduce myself,” Doi said “My name is Doi Do, and this is my wife, Carolyn.” He said turning to her, “Not too bright, but damn can she bang like a maniac.”
“You can call me Carri! Nice to meet you Sir” The redhead said extending her hand, “Please be gentle with me.”
“Likewise” Spike said swiftly taking her hand, gently kissing it.  
Doi turned his attention to Shae, “and what is your name beautiful?”
 “You can call me Sugar, sugar” Shae winked at Doi
“Alright, so that’s taken care of.” Spike said moving the conversation back on track “What do you want to ask of me?”

“My request is simple,” Doi said in a friendly tone “It’s also why I said that I think we should all get to know each other.”
“You want me to flux your bitch?” Spike asked Doi
“Woah!” Doi said completely off guard, “NO!” He said a little louder than he should, but Spike and Shae got a good giggle from that.
“Then what about you?” Spike smiled
“I’m a vampire, I suck other things” Doi joked
“True enough,” Shae said “I’m sure we could compare notes sometime.” she said flirting with Doi, who was unsure of how to respond.
“Anyhow” Spike said “What do you want from me?”
“I want you to join me” Doi said seriously
Spike was silent for a minute, “Interesting” he eventually said.
“Well, what do you think?” Doi asked “I’m a very well off individual, who has their own system set up in a few galaxies. I figure with your expertise-”
“What are you willing to pay me?” Spike interjected
“Anything you want!” Doi told him instantly
“I wouldn’t offer a demon that!” Shae said quickly
Spike glared at her, “The men are talking, shut your damn mouth.” He looked back at Doi, “Anything I want?”
“Y-yes?” Doi said unsure of what was coming next.
“Get me the coordinates to Bloodwing.” Spike told him “You said you’ve been set up in a few different galaxies, so you’ve had to have bumped elbows with the Frusciante goons by now.”
“Goons, a fantastic word for them.” Doi said, “They did give me a note for a potential meeting recently. I decided not to go, it screamed ‘bad idea’.”
“It’s good that you didn’t go” Spike said “I used to run those ‘meetings’, either you join the Family, or you had to fight your way to freedom.”
“I take it, I’d have been no different.” Doi sighed, “Thank science that I decided not to go.” He said
“So you have no information about Bloodwing?” Spike asked curtly
“Y-yeah, but I-I I-” Doi stammered
“Not interested,” Spike said lifting up his menu.
“Certainly there must be something else that I can give you!” He pleaded.
“Not interested” Spike said a little more curtly.
“Please-” Doi turned to Shae, “Can’t you persuade him?”

Shae hummed for a second, “Nope” She smiled, “But that doesn’t mean he still can’t be bought.”
“If you can offer me anything that catches my interest, I’ll consider giving this thing a one week trial. All that time I’m working and fixing your pathetic business, and I will use you and your network and look for Bloodwing.” Spike said still reading through his menu. 

Shae and Spike sensed them at the same time, “There are people here, that got my attention.” Spike said “Would they be with you?”
Doi snickered “Yes,” He said smiling snidely, “I’ve been buying time, waiting for them to get in position. Good to know you fell for my act, you’re clearly rusty.”
“The plot thickens,” Spike said putting his menu down. “Why would you need a full party of four?”
“I’m not a fool, Sir.” He sneered “I didn’t expect the Single Son to come willingly in the first place.” 
He waved his wife away, and she left without waiting for even a second “Why take me?” Spike asked Doi.
“Maybe once we start beating you hard enough, you’ll start to change your tune” Doi told him, “Or you could bow to me now. In front of everyone.”
“Do you honestly think that only four can take me?” Spike said standing up. He started stretching “You done goofed.”
“I beg to differ,” Doi told him “Four Sleeping Giants, swooped them up right here. Great investments” he said proudly as he put on a crooked grin.
“Well, this still won’t end well for you!” He said igniting his fist, before Doi could move, Spike had landed a solid right to his mouth, breaking his fangs. From that he was now unconscious… or dead, they had no time to check right now. 
The four heavy hitters then all blew down the doors, all of the escape routes were now guarded.

“Well, well, well,” A man said wearing a torn kimono, stepping into the restaurant at his sides were two swords. One left, one right, both ready. “The Single Son decides to rise.”
“Shut it you,” He was told from a feminine voice. A woman with two different elements in both hands spoke up. She raised one at Spike, “Now, come peacefully, and we won’t hurt you.” She laughed “But I think we all know what’s going to happen, is in’t that right Frusciante?”
“Now, now.” An hulkenly large muscular man bellowed, “We don’t want to hurt the public too much” He said ripping off his shirt
“But we will.” An icy voice called out, from an icy man no less. A Frozen Water mage. “Starting with your lady friend!”
“Shae?” Spike said quietly “I have no chance in hell against all these guys at one time, do you have a plan?”
“I’m thinking, I’m thinking, I’m thinking,” She repeated.
“We’re feeling generous too, we’ll even look over the fact you assaulted our boss.” The swordsman said pulling out his weapons. 
“I’ll give you to the count of ten!”

One
“Spike” Shae said “Do you trust me?”
Two
“With my life” Spike said softly. Spike then ignited himself for battle.
Three
“Go get yourself captured.” Shae instructed, “I’ll find you. We still need to capture him, and-”
Four
“We don’t know what he’s getting either.” Spike finished her sentence. 
Five
“Take them outside, and away from the civilians.” Shae instructed
Six
“I know,” He said ,“Try not to make me wait too long.” He teased as he started enhancing himself with Magick. Now his hands can’t feel anything, nor his groin, nor neck. 
Seven
“Go give them hell Spike Frusciante.” She smirked 
Eight
“I love you Shae.” Spike said turning towards the four
Nine
“I know. I love you too Spike.” Shae told him. As soon as he heard those words, he went for a frontal assault. 
“Ten!” The Swordsman said charging at Spike, he started swinging at Spike’s head.

Spike grinned and materialized his hands, catching the blades. Spike’s hands were in bloody bad shape now, but not terrible. A little proof that he can actually think ahead, when he wants to.
“What the-” he was cut off by a quick kick to his ribs, causing him to go flying away, swords falling on the ground.
“Let’s see how you can dance!”  The woman said shooting elemental energy at Spike, electricity and wind. Spike merely made a firewall to block the attacks, then he started running away.
 He was going to the main entrance, but he felt an icy cold sensation behind him, “Running from a fight?!” The Water Mage yelled behind Spike.
“Don’t worry, I have him!” The muscular man said placing himself in front of the door, “You’re not getting past me Frusciante!”
“The hell I’m not!!” Spike said turning into pure fire, upon doing so he flew around the man. He rematerialized when he got out the door.
“Let’s get him, we can’t let him escape!” The water mage said commanding the others, “Byron, you head back and grab the boss!”
“Da” the muscular man replied, he glared at his unconscious boss. “Huh” He said to himself, “Where did that girl get to?”

“Priscilla Mokolov” Priscilla answered her Virtua System.
“Heeeyyy Boss.” Shae said sitting on the edge of her bed “I’m checking in.”
“You know he has a lot to explain for, right?” She griped, “I’ve already had two separate Archeons call me, asking me what’s going on.”
“Wellllll…” Shae started “I have good news, bad news, and great news. Just give me an order”
“Give me the bad news first” She exhausted
“Spike has been captured,” Shae told her “He went down in a battle against four separate master level mages”.
“What!?” Priscilla said in disbelief, “He actually lost!?”
“Yes, he tried, he fought for as long as he could, but,” Shae was silent for a moment “He bought me time to get me out of there so I could figure out how to continue the mission.”
“What’s the good news?” She asked next.
“We have caused none of the collateral damage in here, it actually is all them this time.” Shae told her “Spike even took the fight outside!”
“Holy shix!” She exclaimed, “What’s the great news?”
Shae started laughing, “You should know that what befell Spike in battle was extremely painful, juuust to let you know. I may have recorded it too. Want it sent for your Creation Day Present?”
“I love you girl” Priscilla said laughing, “And yes!”
“I know you do” Shae told her “Hey boss, I’m going to start the next phase of the operation, sooo...”
“Alright, I’ll wait to hear from you.” Priscilla said hanging up.

“Finally.” Shae said as she looked down at her Virtua System, she started to type commands for the Virtua System. She needed some surveillance information. 
Access: Order Network: Granted
Access: Satellites, Ag Spoon: Granted
Access: Tracking and Surveillance Options: Redirect To Login
‘*********’ Username accepted
‘************’ Password accepted
Thank You Vice Captain Strox, Redirect to Surveillance
Tracking: Locate an Operative
‘Please enter the Operative’s Numeric Assignment”
‘6077882’
Looking up ID…
Operative, ‘Spike Glixor Frusciante’.
Energy Signature located, one moment while we update your Virtua System’s map of ‘Ag Spoon’ Prepare for energy withdrawal.

Shae winced as the Virtua System pierced her wrist, which started powering up additional elements of the Virtua System. Soon Shae’s search ended,“Thank god they’re still on the planet” Shae sighed with relief as a skeletal structure of the hotel popped up, with light coming from below the ground level. The updated map appeared on her Virtua System, “Apparently in the basement too. Huh, I think we underestimated him. He has this place already.” 
Shae laid back, she took a moment to take in how quiet the room was, “So this is what silence sounds like?” 
She remained quiet for a few moments, “Nope.” she smiled to herself, “I definitely prefer Spike’s constant noises.”
Shae giggled as she opened an app on her Virtua System that had a bunch of Spike’s rantings, but it really helped her sleep. She put on one of her favorites, then rolled over in bed for her nap.  In a couple hours when that track was done, she’d wake back up. Yes. Barf. Barf hard.

“Come on Sally, you gotta hit harder than that!” Spike smiled
“Science-Damn you!” Byron said punching Spike’s gut again.
Spike happened to be chained up with scarlett Amosite chains holding his hands, Spike’s feet were still chained because they’re not going to give him anything to use against them.
“Hey now, I don’t like that type of attention, thank you though!” Spike said winking, “But unless you’re gonna hit me, stop with this foreplay.”
“Are you sure you dispelled all the magick, Rowan?”
“Yes,” The swordsman, Rowan, said “I dispelled all of that the moment we defeated him.” He told him
“What is this monster made of then!?”  Doi yelled
“That’s easy!” Spike laughed, he started slowly rotating from hanging while tied to the chain, “I’m made of pure hatred. I am everything that you will ever associate with a monster, but-” 
Spike’s tone changed, “I don’t know if you want to provoke a true monster.”
“Oh but we do!” The water mage smirked “By all means, show us what it means to be a-” He put up air quotes for “‘Monster’, because frankly, I’m a bit disappointed so far-”  he was cut off by a blaring noise and flashing red lights.
An alarm started going off, causing everyone’s focus to shift.

“What’s going on?” Rowan asked, “Are we being raided?”?
“I don’t know, but-” Doi said pulling out a remote, “We can see.” A large screen turned on, and on the screen was a security camera live feed. It had detected that someone was knocking on the door. 
“Wait, isn’t that The Single Son’s bitch?” Doi smirked.
“Speak of the devil,” Spike whispered. He looked up “I don’t know what the flux that bitch is doing here, I assumed she left.” He lied to them/
“Aww, isn’t this sweet" Doi said “She came to die with you.”
“Wait, look at that a little closer,” Byron pointed out, “She’s looking towards the camera while knocking.”
“Sharp woman you had there,” The Water Mage said “Gentlemen, I think we should see if we can’t get her to be of any… help to us”
“I wouldn’t mind some, relief, after dealing with this bastard.” Byron sneered “We’ll see why she attracted the Single Son.”
“First and last warning gentlemen,” Spike said aloud cockily “Don’t you even think about doing that/” His tone was serious for just two words, “Or else”
“Look at that,” Rowan said taking another slash to Spike’s chest “The monster has a soft spot.”
“Good, time to hit him where it hurts,” Byron said leaving the room.
“The rest of you, go with him.” Doi instructed “Make sure she doesn’t try to sneak off while being led here.”
“Yes sir!” they said before leaving.
When the door slammed shut, Doi made his way over to Spike. He moved the screen to be in front of Spike’s face, “Look at what’s going to happen” Spike closed his eyes and started laughing, “What? Have you finally lost it?” Doi sneered, “Or do you not want to see what they’re going to do to her?”
“I don’t need to see what’s coming next, I already know.” Spike had his infamous shit eating grin on.
“Really?” Doi asked not buying it in the slightest. “Then tell me, what’s going to happen then?” he said pompously.
“You’re going to see how terrifying an actual monster truly is”

“Stop the knocking!” Byron said opening the doors,
“Finally,” Shae said maintaining that false voice, “Where is he?!”
“Oh, you must be the Single Son’s bit-, girlfriend” the water mage said making his way to the front. “By all means, why don’t you come inside? We can take you to him too!”
“Really!?” Shae said naively, “Thank you so much!”
Byron started snickering, “Follow me, we’re going to have some fun now that you’re here!”
“Gladly!” Shae said, she saw Rowan and the Elementalist waiting in the entrance of the door, one to her left, one to the right.
“Come along now” Byron said walking into the room “Let’s not keep them waiting for much longer” He said as the door closed behind her
In front of Shae was Byron, to the left the dual elementalist, to the right was Rowan, and the Water Mage behind her. She knew which one to start with.

“Thank you for leading the way gentlemen!” Shae said
“Not a problem” Rowan said, “Now he’s not too far away.”
“So, where is he?” She asked looking down the hallway.
“He’s with our boss right now actually.” The Water mage told her.
“Yupp, right down there to the right/” The elementalist pointed out.

“I see, thank you” Shae said dropping her false voice, “Duly noted”
“What-” The Water Mage didn’t even get a chance to respond, a snap kick to his neck, was delivered by Shae. Effortlessly kicking it right off his shoulders.

The others jumped away from Shae, who was now cracking her knuckles. “Okay boys, who’s next?!” Shae barked out while powering up, “You have something of mine, and I want it back!”
“Who is this broad!?” Rowan asked in disbelief “S-she’s nothing like the Single Son! She’s the real monster he was talking about!?”
“Allow me to properly introduce myself!” Shae grinned, “My name is Shae Strox, Vice Captain of a Guild of The Order!” She bellowed, “I’m here because I’m hunting vermin, and wouldn’t you know it I found a nest of rats!”
“THE ORDER!?” They all said in shock.
“I place those still alive under arrest, and advise you not to resist. However, to quote someone,” She said coldly while smiling “I think we all know how this will turn out.” 

“What are you cowards waiting for!?” A familiar voice screeched from an intercom, “It’s three against one!”
“He’s right!” Rowan said starting a spell, “I’ll dispel her destrucktion armor!” there was a bright flash and the pressure in the room subsided.
“Thank you for that!” Byron said charging at Shae, “Now, why don’t you take a dirt nap you Order scum!” Using all his forward momentum as well, Byron went to hit Shae with all his might. 
Shae merely lifted her right hand to block the punch, effortlessly. Several cracks could be heard from the man’s hand when it came to such a sudden stop.
“No way! How can energy be this strong!” Byron said in disbelief.
“I’m just getting started!” Shae yelled as she wound back to punch Byron’s fully functioning fist, only to ‘accidentally’ punch through his fist.
“WHAT THE FLUX WAS THAT!” Byron said collapsing on the ground. He looked down and saw a distinct hole in his hand.
“Consider that me disarming you, now-” She went to kick him, but noticed the other two were about to attack. She stepped back, extended her left hand into a finger gun, and her right hand was already recharged with armor. 
Shae grabbed the swordsman’s weapons, and unlike Spike, Shae did so with no damage to her. She then sent her energy into the swords, and shattered them. Shae fired her ‘guns’ and shot and energy at the volly of elemental attacks that were coming her way. All  with the precision of a surgeon.
.
“What the hell is going on with that bimbo!?” Doi asked in shock as he was watching his men get decimated. “You!” Doi turned to Spike, who was still wearing his smile from ear to ear. “What are you doing with an Order operative!?” He demanded
Spike chuckled, eyes still closed, “Did she already annihilate your men?” 
“Already?!?” Doi said in shock quickly turning to his monitor, and sure enough, Shae was done with those four.
Shae went to each living member and put a standard issue Oricalcum cuffs on them, practically unbreakable. Only three of the four got those new bracelets. There’s no point in binding a corpse after all.

Spike opened his eyes, “Oh would you look at that, I was right!”
“What is that!” Doi asked frantically pointing towards the monitor.
“Well, that’s a Virtua System display monitor.” Spike sassed, “But what’s playing is live footage of an actual monster. The one I warned you about.” Spike smiled “From here on out, you only get one chance. On every, last, thing.”
“Why is there an Order operative here with you!?” He barked, but before he could get an answer, the door to the room blew off the hinges. “No!”

“Doiii Doooo,” Shae said entering the room, “You have something of mine!”
“My hero!” Spike swooned, “Your damsel awaits!”
“TAKE HIM!” Doi said pressing a button, which released a still chained Spike, “I DON’T WANT HIM ANYMORE!”
“Planned on it.” Shae said walking over to Spike, “Spike, did you find out why we’re here?”
“Spike?!” Doi said confused
“Oh? ” Shae smiled as she freed Spike by shattering the chains., “He didn’t even tell you his name? Wow, you must really suck at interrogating people!”
“Why did you let your target go!?” Doi asked in fear, “The Single Son was your target, so then-” He was cut off.
“Who told you that he was my target?” Shae smiled as she made her way over to Doi, “No, we’re here for you”
Spike had made his way over to a filing cabinet against the far side of the torture room, he opened one drawer and pulled out a monstrously large folder.
“He just purchased access codes to several worlds’ weapon defences, essentially holding each planet for ransom at gunpoint, with their own guns.” 
Spike told her as he rifled through various files, “It looks like I just found a gold mine of evidence, all because he started bragging!”
“You’re working for The Order?!” He asked stupefied “The Single Son-”

“The name is Spike Frusciante.” He said sternly briefly looking away from the files, “Unless you want me to castrate you with a super heated rusty spoon, you’ll tell me where that invitation of yours from Bloodwing is.” He said switching drawers, before long he gave up and walked over to Doi “I might pick up on something you missed. Nothing with him is ever at face value, invitations as well. He probably knew you were going to refuse his invitation.”
“You’ll never find it” Doi told him “If you let me go on the other hand, I’ll-” 
“I was hoping you’d say that!” Shae said, punching Doi in the gut. The pain caused him to fall to the floor, Shae put his hands behind his back and cuffed him. “Here you go Spike!” Shae said tossing him something.
To Doi’s dismay, that thing happened to be a rusty spoon. 

Spike was now standing in front of him, wearing a smile that made Doi piss himself, “W-wait!” Doi stuttered terrified “I-I thought you were just-”
“Doi, Doi, Doi,” Spike laughed “I already warned you, you only had one chance. Now it’s my chance to make good on my word!”
“I’LL TALK, I’LL-” He was silenced by Shae placing thick tape over his mouth. No chance of that coming off painlessly either.
“Shhh.” Shae said patting his head “The less you move, the less painful it will be… Probably.” She winked at him “Just keep that in mind.”
“Shae would you like to take one?” Spike said igniting his hand.
“Yes please!” She happily replied, “Do you want the right or left nut?”
“Ladies first!” He said being chivalrous while heating the spoon for their torture session, “I’ll take whichever one is left, so feel free to choose your favorite!”
Then, a truly strange thing started happening.
Two psychopaths had some quality bonding time over tortue.

“Ladies and Gentlemen, please allow me to explain what transpired here this morning.” Shae said standing behind a podium.
Shae and Spike were at a press conference, oddly enough it was requested by Spike, and approved by Priscilla.  Various reporters were whispering to each other as Shae continued.
“My name is Shae Strox, Vice Captain of the guild Civil Distortion of The Order. We don’t usually do this, but in light of recent events, my colleague wanted to address the public on a few issues.” 
She continued “This morning the crime lord Doi Do was apprehended, along with three professional assassins, Doi’s hired hands. He had recently purchased the planetary defensive weapon codes of several planets, he did so to turn each planet’s weapons against them. Rob the planets with their own guns. I’m permitted to tell you that he will not be the only one going down, we have enough evidence to shut down everything he was running with our Yellow mages verifying every last piece of info.” 
Shae smiled proudly, “Now, the moment you’ve all truly been waiting for!” Shae stepped aside, to allow Spike to be at the podium.
The reporters all stopped whispering. When he reached the podium they waited for what he was going to say.  
Lights, Camera, action!

“Take note of this,” Spike said smiling at the cameras, “The Single Son is now Spike Frusciante, Space Knight and Mage for the Order!” He put on his favorite shit eating grin, he then pointed at one of the cameras.
“Dearest Father, you better start sleeping with one eye open! I will hunt you down, I will beat you to a pulp, and I will capture you Bloodwing!” 
He saluted as he proclaimed, “It is my mission to destroy not only The Frusciante Family, but as much organized crime as I can as penance for my evil deeds in the past!”
With that all of those at that press conference erupted into applause.

Mission Status: Success
Rank: S
Dispatch: Civil Distortion;
Spike Frusciante The Fire Mage 
Shae Strox The Destrucktion Mage and Vice Captain of Civil Distortion.
Damages:  60 credits (Estimated) 
Rewards: 
1.1 month of All expenses paid at Royale Deluxe.
2.As well as omission of torture from the official report, with an unofficial warning from Priscilla.

“I don’t know how you did it, but thank you so much for getting Spike to cooperate!” Priscilla said to Shae over her Virtua System
“Well when there’s danger, it’s good to know he actually can be reasoned with.” She said while winking at Spike, he had just silently closed the door. The two decided to get seperate rooms, to not draw any unwanted attention to them.
“Still, thank you Shae.” Priscilla said sincerefully, “You’re the true hero!”
“No problem boss.” Shae told her, “Now I’m going to start enjoying myself, I plan on abusing my funding!” She said factitiously.
Priscilla was quiet for a moment, “Shae there’s something that I’m not supposed to tell you, but after pulling off the impossible I think you deserve the truth” She said taking a breath 
“The higher ups in The Order have their eyes on you, for some reason.”

Spike and Shae’s blood ran cold after hearing those words.

“Thanks boss,” Shae responded by reflex, “I guess I’ll reign in my spending.” She said, maintaining an even tone.
“That’s my girl” Priscilla said happily “I’ll wait to hear from you when your vacation is over!” Priscilla said hanging up.
Spike wasted no time, as soon as she was off the line he wrapped his arms around Shae. “S-Shae,” Spike’s voice trembled.
“I-I know,” She told him wrapping her arms around him “I’m scared too.”
The two just held each other in silence. These mighty warriors were both thrown into the depths of despair, all brought on by a single sentence.
Spike was the one who broke the silence, no surprise there
“Shae, right now there’s nothing more we can do.” He said patting Shae’s back, “We need to regain our composition.”
“Agreed,”  Shae said leaning into Spike.

“Hey,” Spike said getting Shae’s attention. 
When Shae looked up, she was slightly confused. “Why are you smiling?”
“Easy.” He kissed her forehead, “Right now we need to keep smiling, and if you can’t smile then I’ll smile for the both of us.”
“S-pike!” Shae said slightly choked up, “Thank you.” 
Then she started laughing, “You know what you said makes zero sense when you think about it” she teased.
“Look who’s back,” Spike said, “I was afraid I’d have to do something drastic to break you out of your stupor” 
“Something drastic you say?” Shae was finally able to smile again, “What exactly would that have been?” 
Without giving her a chance to protect herself, Spike licked Shae. “EWWW!” she said realizing that Spike had her in a bear hug, “No!” she said now able to move her arms now after a little thrashing, she retaliated by beginning to tickle Spike. “Prepare for defeat!”
Those two were a couple of idiots, but they were each other’s idiot.

Social Medias
Twatters Posts:
@SpikefulFireMage: Single, ready to mingle, and I’m gonna be destroying some (CENSORED), filet mignon via Humpster Style. #Yourewelcome, #Roombymyself, #DTF, #HumpsterStyle

@HotWaterMage: Nothing quite motivates you than hearing that the impossible happened! @Bossladywith80085 great job! Enjoy that vacation you miracle worker! #thankyou, #Miraclesdohappen, #SpaceAces

Face-In-Space Updates
Priscilla Mokolov Mk: H33: Take a look at my dear Vice-Captain being told that she has to pretend to be married to Spike. Having cybernetic eyes with cameras is a lot of fun.

Shae Strox:  Thoroughly enjoying myself with a veeerryyy skilled man on his vacation. Kids, this is the stuff dreams are made of. Free vacations, free decadent activities, and free… friends XD

Sub Chapter 1

“I mean, as much as I’d love to, I can’t.” Shae said gently bashing her head against the wall closest to her in her room, “Believe me.”
“It’s okay Shae!” Her mother said over the phone, “I’m just happy to hear that you found someone to make you feel better!” She said blissfully unaware of what Shae actually meant in her social media post.
“Trust me, it was only for that week he was there.” Shae lied, “I would of loved another night, but alas, it wasn’t meant to be.”
“Did you get his name?” Her mother asked, “I can do some stalking for you dearest Shae.” Her mother started laughing, “But something tells me that the stalking your father will do with a name will be far superior to my own.”
“How is dad doing?” Shae asked, “Is he still giving lessons for free?”
“Hell no!” Her mom laughed, “As soon as he had a wave of snot nosed brats begging him for lessons on magickal powers, he realized we could charge big bucks.  Especially for the really bratty ones.”
“I take it, ‘Accidents’ happen occasionally,” Shae smirked, “I remember a few occurring when he was training me.”
“Not only that, but oddly enough for these Majinn, neither of us can lie to say that those are accidents” Shae’s mom told her.
“Mom, I was being facetious,” Shae told her, “I know when I started acting like a spoiled brat, he’d smack me with a good amount of oomph.”
“Well you did have that span of years that you thought you were the do-all, end-all desktrucktion mage in high school” her mom teased.
“To be fair, once I beat several of the teachers, and scared the others, my ego had plenty of reasons to be giant.” Shae admitted, “But boy oh boy, was the boot camp humbling.”
“Like we told you it would be,” a new voice said, “Sorry to eavesdrop on you two, I forgot that you two were talking when I picked up the phone”

“It’s okay dad” Shae told him, “I heard the phone pick up like ten minutes ago, I’m surprised you didn’t say anything about my gentleman friend.” She giggled, “Or were you just patiently waiting for a name?”
“You know me too well,” He admitted, “I was waiting for the name, the instant you said it I would of busted out my ancient Virtua System.”
“That thing still works?” She asked, “I knew that you looked up Joseph and Spike up on it when I told you about them, but that was when you were trying-”
“I distinctly remember my shame,” He said, “Let’s gloss over that.”
“And focus on?” Shae asked laughing.
“We saw your last brawl sweetie!” Her mother said, “As a master, I’m very impressed with you, and Spike. Both of you busted out some really powerful attacks, all without killing each other!”
“While the Frusciante was clearly manipulating Joseph and his water, it was still mesmerizing to see him play both of you.” Her father said impressed
“Spike certainly can do wonders,” Shae smiled, “But rest assured, I could still whoop his ass any day of the week, just from the training you two gave me.”
“We know sweetie!” Her mom told her, “Say, that Spike-”
“No mom, Space Knights can’t date.” She sighed, “You both know that.”
“Didn’t stop your mother and myself” He told her proudly.
“You both left after you started dating,” Shae started, “Not only that but you both had been serving for  several millennia before meeting each other. I still have time to serve and kick ass.”
“That you certainly do,” Both of Shae’s parents laughed
“Besides, don’t you think I want to bring someone home to you two?” Shae asked, “I know that whoever steals my heart, you two will love.”
“She has had decent taste in men,” Her father admitted, “Her boyfriends in High School were all good students.”
“They’re doing well in their lives now too!” Her mother made sure to add, “I’m sure they’d be-”
“No mom,” Shae sighed, “If you tell me what they have been doing, I’ll start bashing my head against the wall harder.”
“Harder?” Her father added
“Harder.” Shae confirmed, “Mom, I will stop making these calls if in every call you nag at me to get a significant other.”

“I’m just worried you’re too focused on your work,” She told her, “You’ll be old soon enough.”
“Mom, I’m only eighty-seven” Shae told her, “I’ve yet to live a solid percent of the usual projected lifespan of Majinns.”
“She still looks like it too!” Her father said joking, “Despite her soul clearly being that of a jaded old man.”
“You know me so well dad,” Shae laughed, “I feel like a jaded old man of five thousand years when dealing with all the behemoth-shix.”
“You mean Spike and all the boring duties you have as a Vice Captain?” Her mother asked, “How has he not been fired?”
“Well, he may be a pain in the ass, but,” She felt herself start to smile, “he’s a good guy when it comes down to it. I think Priscilla can’t admit that yet.”
“How is she doing by the way?” Her mom asked, “I’ve been following your guild, but I haven’t seen any activity from her in a while.”
“More like forever.” Shae sighed, “But I guess that’s why she has an extra body around, someone she can stick the work on in lieu of herself”
“It’s surprising she’s still listed as a Voyager.” Her father said, “Then again, if it wasn’t for that title, you’d be running that guild!” 
“Right!” Shae and her mom said in unison.

“Say, Shae.” Her father said getting her attention, “We have a question we’ve been meaning to ask you.”
“Oh.” Shae said realizing the tone shift, “What’s up dad?”
“Well…” He started, “Lana, do you want to ask her?”
“Certainly, Sterling.” Her mom said happily, “We’re both wondering why you haven’t formed your own guild yet? You know, like you were so eager to do back when you were just our little Shae-Shae”
“Excuse me?” Shae said with a touch of disbelief, “Did you say the S-squared name?” she couldn’t help but have a few laughs escape.
“You heard her!” Her father said happily, “Besides, we’ve both met ‘Captains’ and ‘Voyagers’ much weaker than you. With a far less impressive track record than you and Spike.”
“Don’t get me wrong, I want to. So much…” Shae took a moment to stop hitting her head to sigh. “I’ll level with you guys, I feel like my skills and future are impeded from my service here.” Shae told them, “But I can’t leave these morons to their own devices. Spike takes a total of three people to be restrained, or better yet, just to be shut up.”
“Can’t your guild leader just transfer him?” Her dad asked, “Then you could leave and not worry about the other two.”
Uh-oh… she could do that. Easily. 

“I mean that sounds like a lot of paperwork” Shae said thinking on her feet, “No one likes paperwork. Not even an android.”
“Paperwork is such a nice sleep aid though!” Her mom said sarcastically.
“It might work better than counting electric sheep,” Her dad chuckled
“Hmm…” Wait a sec, I could just take Spike with me… I wonder…  would Joseph leave the guild too, nah… but Spike and myself… “Actually, can I ask one of you two do me a favor?”
“Certainly sweetie!” Her mom said
“What’s up?” Her dad asked
“I’ve got some training lined up soon, but I was wondering if one of you could look into the paperwork for the process of forming a new guild, for me?”
“Certainly, sweetie!” Her mom said happily, “Now I know how important your training schedule is, so we’ll let you go!”
“Thank you!” Shae said happily, “I love you guys, and I promise I will bring someone home eventually! Mark my words!”
“Take your time sweetie,” Her dad said, “I’d rather not do that much stalking on that poor soul.”
“Whatever you say dad!” She smiled, “See you guys later” Shae said hanging up. “I guess I should start thinking of a name for my guild, I’m going to make one anyhow, so I might as well get the hard part out of the way now” She chuckled as she laid down for a nap.



Chapter 4: 
A Knight’s Duty 

“I know, it sucks for me too Glixor” She said half heartedly to Joseph.
Both Joseph and Priscilla were on a luxury cruiseliner of the Order, today was a day no one was safe from.  
Guild Performance Review Day.
Right now Priscilla and Joseph were on their way to the Order’s home planet, which was… odd, to say the least. 
It was half court system, half super mall of the entire universe. It was to try and entice operatives to actually attend their summons… a noble effort.
Joseph and Priscilla were travelling on a luxury liner, another way to entice operatives to come. Delicious food could be smelled from the main lobby, and the sounds of electronic arcade games and slots could be heard beyond a door to the back. They just had to sign in before they were free to roam.

Joseph was missing band practice because he was chosen to go with his Captain to a boring Order related meeting.  Something that absolutely no one likes, not even those who go willingly.
“I should be on the bass right now” Joseph sighed “I’m sure they’re having a terrific time without me.” He said while leaving his butt groove in the seat he was sitting up to this point. He started walking to his boss.
“Okay that explains that mystery” Priscilla sighed “I just got a message from Shae saying that they were just banging away.” she said dismissing the message display on her forearm.
“Yupp, sounds like Shae” Joseph told her.
“Look, I wanted to bring the Vice Captain today, not my engineer” She told him “Glixor, I think we both know what would happen if I brought Spike within 100 Iooak of the main base.” she said looking around for an attendant, “man, service sucks today, go figure”
“We don’t, but that’s exactly the problem” Joseph pointed out “That’s all the more reason to pick me over Spike” he said while leaning on the counter.
“Shae called in that favor, and considering that she pulled off the impossible, I’m going to honor my word.” she sighed “Be glad that this is only the second time you’ve been to one of these.”
“I will, right after you pin all of Spike’s behavior on me,” Joseph called her out. “Or will it be Shae this time?”
“Eh, he-he” Priscilla stuttered realizing that she’d been called out. “You actually read the copy of the reports we bring back.”
“I mean if Spike doesn’t torch them first” Joseph said sitting back in his seat. “Though I’m sure none of us really miss those things”
“He doesn’t even destroy all of it” Priscilla told him “He just burns all of the negative pages relating to us.”
“Sounds like him,” Joseph said as his virtua system went off, “Speak of the demon, I got a message from Spike” He got up to show her the message.
“Probably just bragging” She said with a sigh,
“How’d you know?” Joseph said turning off his Virtua System’s display after she saw it, “Him and Shae are making beautiful music right now.” he said
“I’m not surprised,” She said “Glixor, before we go in do I need to remind you what we’re going to do?”
“Nope, I know that I just need to keep quiet, smile, and nod” Joseph said
“That’s my boy,” She smiled “Glixor, I do appreciate your willingness”

“So let me ask a question” Joseph went to try and kill time, “How bad does Spike’s behavior reflect on us as a whole?” He said sitting on top of the counter.
“What do you mean?” She asked confused
“Wellll, I’m just asking if we’ll be damned because of him, or if all our other actions help paint ourselves in a better light?” Joseph asked “Because the remaining three of us do decent work on a consistent level.” 
“Well, about that.” Priscilla said thinking about something, “Spike’s actions actually benefit himself, along with the guild in the long run.” 
“How so?” Joseph asked not buying it.
“Well I’m sure it’s no surprise that the top dogs are interested in him, look at his bloodline after all,” She pointed out “His actions are actually welcomed by the Order, proving he’s not evil anymore, just a lazy SOB”
“They don’t count patricide as evil?” Joseph smirked.
“They view it as ‘Hunting a Criminal’” She told him with a smile.
 
Joseph was silent for a moment, “Hey captain, have we honestly received no information requested by Spike?”
“Oh, so you doubt my fairness,” She said teasing him while leaning against the counter, “I don’t have anything against Spike that would cause me to withhold information from him. Ignore him? Maybe.”
“I figured,” Joseph said relieved.
“Trust me, Spike is only an annoyance to me” She told him “Like a thorn stuck into my chassis.”
“A thorn that doesn’t know when to shut up” Joseph added
“True enough” Priscilla smiled “But no, it should be reflected that I have zero issues with Spike, especially when he’s quiet. I haven’t fired him yet.” She sighed. “Well, I’d honestly prefer not to talk about him any more than I have to, so” She said moving things along “So, how about we talk about something else. Anything else?”

“Okay, I have a question” Joseph said “What happens when you take Turing Test?” He laughed. “I don’t know what else to ask on the spot”
“Hehe” Priscilla chuckled “Fun fact, as one of the first tests cybergenic life has to complete is the Turing Test. Those who fooled it, got to move on. Otherwise it’s to the scrap yard.”
“How horribly macabre” Joseph said slightly aghast
“Really?” Priscilla asked a little shocked, “I find it fascinating” 
“Why?” Joseph responded, slightly confused
“Because it’s essentially proving that there’s no such thing as perfect” Priscilla told him “If we’d be ‘perfect’ we wouldn’t have anything to help us develop. I think the phrase Papa Mokolov said was ‘It’s our living aspects’”
“Huh, so in the end, no one can achieve perfection and be sentient.” Joseph smiled “That must have driven so many scientists mad”

“Hundreds, each time it was always after some breaking point” She told him, “My creator wasn’t one of those gentlemen though”
“Really?” Joseph asked, “I don’t think I’ve ever heard you say much about your creator. Is he still around?”
“No, far long gone” Priscilla told him, “He passed away shortly after he made me. He was a great inventor” she smiled to herself, “Or so I heard”
“Oh, I-I’m sorry, I didn’t know” Joseph stammered
“Empty your cache” she smiled to him, “I view it as a man completely devoted to his craft. Quite inspiring”
“Or maybe he programmed you that way” Joseph smiled
“Possibly” She addressed that, “Papa Mokolov was trying to create a cybernetic mage that could craft the ‘Perfect Barrier’ spell.” She told him

“So…” Joseph continued “How did he expect you to do that?”
“Not too sure” She told him, “But he stopped with me, so he must have known that I was able to do that.”
“So, have you figured out how to craft the perfect barrier?” He asked
She laughed, “Nope” She winked at Joseph “But I can get pretty damn close”
“What would the ‘Perfect Barrier’ be?” He pondered, “I’d assume something unbreakable? Maybe invisible as well?”
“Hmmm” She hummed to herself as she thought, “Let me put it this way and explain how I think a ‘Perfect’ barrier would function.” She started, she pulled a pen from the other side of the desk, and held it in her hand as a purple crystaled shape enclosed it. 
“To me, I’d consider the ‘Perfect’ Barrier as me sealing away my target from this reality. Try as they might, or any other outside parties, they’ll never be able to reunite that person to this reality” She said tossing the pen back in place, then removed the barrier.
“Wow” Joseph said amazed, “Now be honest, was that definition made with a certain Fire mage in mind?” He joked
Priscilla did something she hadn’t done in a long time, she went into a laughing fit for a good five minutes, making the rest of the voyage less wearisome. Thankfully, their IDs just checked out, they were free to roam about.

“And thus concludes our explanation of our missions of the past year” Priscilla said to the Archeons, “At this point, it’s time for a brief recess so you all may deliberate as to what will befall us”
A completely zoned out group of the Order’s Top Brass, The Archeons, the powerful slobs, all groaned “Okay”, or something to that effect.
They were spread out in between a few seats in rows, it made it seem like there were a good number of members missing. Their blue chairs seemed to be gathering dust. Made the gold trim of the chairs seem dull.
“Be happy” She said “We’re the last one for today” 
The Archeons perked up hearing that, “Well thank science!”
“Let us decide their fate!” One Archeon said to the others.
“You two may wait outside” One of them said to Priscilla and Joseph.
“Thank you so much!” Priscilla saluted, shortly followed by Joseph.
“Dismissed” A couple of them said in unison.
“Come along Glixor” She said turning around, she then made her way to the doors “We’ll be eagerly awaiting your verdict.” she said before exiting.

When the door closed behind Joseph, both him and his Captain let out a sigh of relief, the worst was over.
“Man, I thought that the Archeon of Wisdom was going to die of laughter” Priscilla told him “The moment you said ‘banana peel’ she lit up.”
“Laugh all you want, it’s what happened” Joseph said half heartedly leaning against the handrail on the wall.
“Right, right” Priscilla said noting the oddly barren hallway, “I feel like I’m not really gonna like what they’re gonna say”
“So…” Joseph started, “What now?”
“I uhhh… I don’t really know” She admitted, leaving  the two in an awkward silence, “Any ideas?”
“Uhhh…”

Fate decided that it would be kind to these two, the doors opened behind them, “Okay, we’re all done. Come back in” 
“Thank science” they both muttered as they went back inside
“That was quick” Priscilla said walking back inside
“Well, time doesn’t really matter when I’m around” A woman with dark blue hair said smiling, “All that matters is that we’re done deciding what you guys have to change, pretty simple stuff”
“Any chance that you’ll do me the favor of getting rid of the jetsam?” Priscilla asked “I’m sure that no one would care”
“Nope” An archeon with long black hair said “You’re stuck with him”
“Besides” An archeon with pink hair started “With you keeping tabs on him, it saves us the trouble and resources.”
“Ah” Joseph said figuring something out “So he’s not going anywhere any time soon” He said with a grin.
“To your captain’s dismay” The Blue haired Archeon smiled “Nope, you’re stuck with the man obsessed with patricide”

“However, we do want to address a few things” An Elderly silver haired member of the Archeons continued “Don’t assume there’s nothing we have to say about him though. We have plenty to say”
“So let us commence this by giving you all of our verdicts for each one of you in Civil Distortion.” A red head said “Let’s start with those who aren’t here”
“For the Frusciante”  The silver haired man said “Tell him that he is banned from ordering bananas out on missions anymore. Other than that tell him that if he wants to get involved with hunting, he needs to prove himself to us.”
“F-fair” Joseph stuttered, “I’ll make sure to pass that along.”
“For Vice Captain Strox” The Blue haired woman said “We highly recommend that both-”
“We’re withholding this information” The redhead interjected “Just tell her that we’re keeping our collective eyes on her”
“D-duly noted” Priscilla stammered

“Now for those who are here” The old man said again “first up, we have Joseph Glixor, Engineer”
“Present” Joseph saluted
“At ease knight” The blue haired Archeon said “Our comments lie within your handling of Spike.” She started “You coddle him way too much.”
“I-I uhhh, I apologize” Joseph said a little embarrassed, “Old habits die hard. He is my little brother after all”
“Mina almighty! That had to be fun growing up with” She laughed
“Whenever Spike got mad, I had to throw myself at him” Joseph laughed reminiscing “I was the only person he’d never injure, so I had to save people from his reflexes, almost daily for a while.”
“So your heroism stems from a young age!” The Blue haired woman cheered “Go Joseph! way to be a hero!”
“Rest assured, I did my fair share of saving people” Joseph started “But he just didn’t know any better at the time. He was just a kid.”
“Still, throwing yourself in front of a monster is no small feat.” The redhead commented “I think the better parts of Spike may have rubbed off on you too, fearlessness and determination mostly.”

“Okay, enough” The Archon with pink hair spoke up “We’re all prolonging the inevitable.” She started
“True enough, Sparky” The old Man said “Priscilla Mokolov, the following is directly about you. Do you want to send Joseph into the other room?”
“N-No thank you” Priscilla said terrified, “Glixor, p-please stand at my side, but if you get within an RU of me I’ll hit you with a sexual harassment complaint.” She warned him.
“Captain, I’m here as a part of your crew” Joseph said stepping forward “I’m at your command”
“Thank you Glixor” She said turning back to the Archeons, “Please, go on” 
“Priscilla, this is in regards to your status as a Voyager” the woman with blue hair said, her demeanor was so bleak and solemn, compared to what it had just been. “We all know that you had been relieved of your official title for the better part of the decade. Right now, we are going to put your status as ‘privately discharged’”

“What about the status of my crew?” Priscilla asked unphased, “Spike?”
“You guys are still fine, don’t worry about that” The black haired man said.
“The guild was established before we revoked your title anyhow” The old man said “Even if we wanted to act like cunks-”
“Language!” Several of the people yelled out
“My point remains” The old man sighed “even if we had the slightest interest in getting you guys disbanded, It's easy to see that you guys do phenomenal work above seventy five percent of the time”
“The problem child is bringing you down.” The blue haired woman giggled. “I don’t see why you don’t really start punishing him. Torture even! I’d of broken him by now!”
“I don’t think  anyone could argue that point” Priscilla said smiling somehow, “I appreciate you letting me know about my status. I respect, and appreciate your honesty”
“Please let us remind you” The redhead said “since you have already been a Voyager, you can reapply and only need to have a solid two years  of high performance, instead of the original decade.”
“I appreciate that” Priscilla saluted “I’ll be sure to take advantage of my opportunity, starting with the problem child.”
“There you go!” The man said cheering

“Well, enough of us old cooks” The redhead said “You guys go ahead and treat yourselves for the rest of the day, we’ll see to it that until transportation arrives you all shall be comp’d.”
“Live it up” The woman with blue haired said “You look like you could use a drink Priscilla, tell the bartender that you know me. He’ll ask for a password, it is ‘Cola Cappichina Chickorixa’” She smiled “That will get you access to the high quality booze! Hope you’re not a lightweight!”
“Now I see why the man is in love with you” The man with black hair laughed “I certainly don’t blame him. This is a goldmine for him!”
“And me!” She cheered “Free drinks any time I want them!” She cheered
“Hey-” The redhead spoke up “Let’s get these guys out of here. I want to see if my former squadmate and her engineer want to grab some drinks and some food, or fuel for her”
“Fair enough” another Archeon said “Meeting adjourned!”
 Priscilla smiled and saluted, “Let’s get out of here Marcy”

“Okay Glixor” She started “tell me what really happened, I won’t tell anyone, I won’t even report it. I just need to know how that little bitch died!”
Marcy, the redhead Archeon, was now pointing a fork of noodles towards  Joe. Begging Joseph to tell her the truth. Not out of any sort of duty, but because she wanted to know for her own needs.
The trio were sitting in a bar and grille, and plenty of drink had been had by all, with minimal food.
“I’m sure from humiliation, he did fall on a banana peel after all” Joseph told them both. “Then the sun’s core did the rest of the work”
“Maaaaaaaaaannn” Marcy bitched “I wanted him to die slowly, and in a fire.” She laughed “So I mean, I got half of what I wanted.”
“If it would interest you” Joseph said after taking a bite of his food, “On the way down, something must have happened when he hit the ground, because his skull somehow was shattered. There were no remaining facial features behind the loose skin that was his head.”
“What?!” The two said in shock
“Yeah, man, falling is dangerous” He turned to Priscilla, “Be happy you don’t have to worry about keeping a fleshbag in working order”
“I’m grateful every single day” Priscilla said taking a drink “Though, it’s interesting to know that a simple fall can shatter a skull on impact with the ground from about six or seven feet”

“Crazy, isn’t it?” Marcy said with her mouth half full. 
“Hey, knock that off” Priscilla said punching Marcy’s shoulder “That sound makes me cringe” 
“Then change your aural receptors” She said smirking
“Or you could talk with your mouth empty, or better yet” Priscilla smirked as she snapped her fingers. Upon doing so, a purple barrier enveloped Marcy’s mouth, “Now I can’t hear you, and you can’t eat” She teased
Marcy didn’t skip a beat, she threw bits of her food at Priscilla.
“Mature” Priscilla said wiping off the chunks of Stir Fry, “fine” She said while dismissing the barrier
“It worked didn’t it?” Marcy smiled in victory.

Priscilla’s internal messaging system rang, she had a message from Shae.
“Important?” Marcy asked
“Hmmm, it’s Shae” Priscilla hummed closing her eyes “She’s letting me know that she’s really riding Spike hard” She started “They’re at band practice right now, he must be slacking”
“For a second it sounded like they were banging” Marcy laughed
Priscilla and Joseph both had the exact same reaction when they heard it. They busted into hysterical laughter.  “Please, that’s hilarious!” Priscilla laughed trying to calm herself down
“Shae would break Spike!” Joseph said in between laughs, “Into pieces!”
“Speaking of breaking people” Marcy said turning to Priscilla, “I think we need to have a little chat”
“Ooookayyy?” Priscilla said, “Glixor” she said turning to him “Go ahead and do whatever you want until our ride gets here.”
“Noted” Joseph said grabbing his tray off the table, “I’ll see you in a matter of hours boss” He said waving his hand as he walked away.

“So” Marcy said changing her tone, “do you want to do this raw? Or do you want to use protection?”
“Always use protection” Priscilla said while snapping her fingers.
A familiar looking barrier surrounded Priscilla and Marcy.
“Soooooo” Marcy started as soon as she saw the barrier form around them completely, “How have you really been?”
“I’ve been fine” Priscilla lied, “Just dealing with my guild members”
“Liar” Marcy smiled warmly, “You really need to upgrade your speech programming, make it impossible for you lie, you bad liar.”
“I’ve tried, that’s the problem” She sighed, with a tone of melancholy, “Do you remember why I left the group?”
“Yeah” She replied “You left after Arnold died. Claimed that you weren’t worthy to be a part of the old gang after blaming yourself”
Priscilla was silent, trying to think about what she wanted to say

“Arnold’s death… that wasn’t the real reason” Priscilla started
“Gasp” Marcy said sarcastically.
“Shut it” She smiled “No, I consider his death as noble, and unavoidable”
“As you should” Marcy commented
“But…” Priscilla started “Why did I send him?” She started thinking
“Because you knew he was the best man for the job?” Marcy asked
“No, that would have been Tado” Priscilla stated, “I picked him because I had a feeling he could do it better due to it being his home planet.”
“Wait a second” Marcy said noticing something “Priscilla, a feeling? You’ve rarely addressed anything of yours as… biological as that.”
“An error” Priscilla told her trying to maintain an even tone.
“Priscilla” Marcy said as she wrapped her arms around Priscilla, “Take your time girl, I’m not going anywhere”
“Thank you” Priscilla said, cracking she started to sob. “I have something wrong with me. I can’t make the most logical and probable choices anymore, I’ve noticed that… I lack in certain areas. I’m… obsolete in certain areas.” she said grimly, “So much for wanting to prove Cybernetic life is more than just code”
“What do you mean?” She asked Priscilla
“If I did what was best for myself, and everyone, I’d be acting differently” She told her “I’d have fired Spike, I’d of forced Shae to come here, and I would have spared Arnold.” Priscilla said as tears ran down her face, “I have a critical error Marcy, and no matter what I’ve tried, I can’t get it fixed… it… it evolves too.”
“Critical Error?” Marcy asked, “what is it?”
“I... can no longer trust my logic algorithms” Priscilla said “Deep within my CPY is a bug. the kicker is I’ve had my blueprints and my parts examined, and no one can find anything wrong with me.”

“Huh, so it’s in your CPY?” Marcy asked letting go of Priscilla, “Have you tried a wipe? I know you’re not a fan, but it might work.”
“I…” Priscilla trailed off, “I’ve tried” She admitted
“Excuse me?” Marcy said a little shocked “Something that survived a wipe? That’s… uhhh” she stammered reaching for words.
“Bad” Priscilla said crying, “Really bad”
“Is it?” Marcy asked sincerely
“Yes” Priscilla told her “I imagine that this error will trigger and will lock me in a permanent error cycle.”
“So, it’ll kill you?” Marcy asked clearly concerned
“... Yes” Priscilla admitted “Do you know how nerve racking it is to be vulnerable to death at anytime? Without any reason?”

Marcy did something that Priscilla would have never guessed what she was doing after hearing that confession. Marcy started laughing
“What is so damn funny?!” Priscilla barked
“I’m sorry Priscilla,” Marcy smiled “But that was the most human thing I’ve ever heard you say” She patted Priscilla shoulders, “This isn’t an error, it’s making you act like a living and fearful organism” 

“So what you’re telling me is that you’ve got a bottomless budget, time to kill, and no babysitter?” Spike asked over the Virtua System
Joseph called him up after he left the cafeteria, he couldn’t decide what to do, so he called in his better half.
“Yeah, I’m just looking down the strip right now” Joseph said taking note of the stores around him, “I know we have that dream of hitting up every store and maxing out our accounts, but I don’t think I’ll do it without you”
“Thank yo-ooo-uuu” Spike moaned in a way Joseph had never heard before
“Spike?” Joseph asked “You okay?”
“Y-yeah” He said, “Shae’s beatings are leaving me a little sensiiitive” Spike said trying to finish his words.
“She ride you hard today?” Joseph joked
“You have no idea” Spike laughed
“How bad did it get without me being there to shut you up?” He asked grinning to himself.
“Well, I told her to blow me” Spike told him, “How she responded, may surprise you” He started laughing “It actually led to us taking a break right now, we’re in the dining hall.”
“Food heals all wounds” Joseph laughed “At least according to video game logic.” He said, “That and sleep”
 “True enoooooough” Spike moaned before breathing heavily.
“Spike let me talk to Shae” Joseph told him in disgust “I do not like the sounds you make after a beating”
“C-can’t” Spike said giggling “She’s got her mouthful”
“I assume she sent you a nice pair of birds for that comment” Joseph laughed, “Hey I just remembered something” He said “Did my ‘Lux Lookout’ package show up yet?”
“You mean Lux’s massive package that you look forward to receiving in your tight little box every month?” Spike laughed, “No, Lux hasn’t cum yet”
“Cool” Joseph said as he started walking down  the strip “I think that means my membership is up for renewal, I’m headed to the press stand” Joseph laughed “Want me to see if you pop up somewhere?”
“You know me so well” Spike said, “Hey man I’m gonna have to let you go, Shae says that she wants me to screw something of hers”
“Again?” Joseph asked “That’s like the fifth time you’ve had to screw that drumhead back on.” He laughed lightly “Maybe it only behaves when I’m around, it knows to behave when we’re all going at it”
“Maybe” Spike chuckled, “I’ll put having a band orgy on my list of things to never, ever, ever think about.”
“As it should be” Joseph smiled, “I’ll let you two get started screwing around, see you crazy kids when I get back”
“If you see me, grab me gently, yet firmly” Spike said hanging up. 
Joseph changed the display of his virtua system back to the default screen. “Spending spree here I come!”

Well, that had been the plan, until Joseph heard something
“Excuse me sir with the Virtua System!”  Joseph heard from behind him, he saw a kid walking towards him and waving, “Are you a Space Mage?”
“Yes I am” Joseph smiled, “How can I help you?”
“Well, me and my friends are having a hard time remembering all of the types of magick there is” they pointed to a group of kids by a large Virtua System Display. “Can you help us out?”
“Of course, it’s part of the duty of a Space Knight to help the public in whatever way they can” He said walking over to the kids, “So I hear that you guys could use some help with studying. Different magicks, right?”
“Yes sir” they said in one way or another.
Joseph approached the Virtua display, he pressed a few buttons on the bottom, which linked to his Virtua System. Joseph looked at his Virtua System and opened a typing app, “So give me a bit to  write up some stuff, I want to make sure that I give you guys the correct information”
The process took about ten minutes for Joseph to type up, all the while he was talking to the students.  Apparently this group forgot that there was a test today when they got back from their field trip. 
Joseph felt like a true knight being able to step in and help them in their time of need. These little things can really make a big difference

“And here you go!” He said pressing the send button. Soon there were groups of text that flew off the screen to make up different points. Eventually this is what was projected from the display: 

The Schools of Magick:
White Magick/Healing Magick: AKA: Healing Magick... 
Any magick that is used to heal an individual, buff your allies up with boosted parameters, Barriers, and reflection spells all fall into this school

Green Magick/Size and Image Magick. AKA: Reconstruction Magick
Any magick that is related to altering an object’s shape or size, a real popular magick with the gentlemen, for some reason…

Red Magick/Sound Magick: AKA: Music Magick.
Any Magick that relates to any aspect of soundwave and sound manipulation. Things like mapping out tunnel systems using an echo location-esque technique to map out of any structure is one of the more creative uses of sound wave manipulation  
*Instruments have been used as a catalyst in spellcasting. Using the instrument’s family’s unique timbre qualities also play a role in the spells. 
Example: an electric guitar is far easier to weaponize than a harp, but a harp has no problem casting any sort of magick that involves manipulation/charming/altering the target’s mind and emotions. They were effortlessly swayed by the magickal harp.

Orange Magick/Reconstruction Magick: AKA: Chaos Magick 
The ability to temporarily reconstruct matter within a reasonable range of possibilities. 
*IE, no planet size reconstruction, the most you could hope to do is make food. People love binging on temporary food, when the food was consumed the energy returned to their body as energy.
 Get a meal so unhealthy that it would be considered a crime against any diet, then poof, no fat/calories.

Pink Magick/Pheromone Magick: AKA:Sex Magick.
Any Magick that relates to the sexual arousal or enjoyment. It’s mostly anything along the lines of manipulating of a person’s senses through pheromone manipulation. Can be used to make someone more terrified too.*
*Some would say it’s an extension of Yellow Magick, but there’s so much more involved in such a limited window of time. So they just classified most of spells that involved sex in some way was considered its own category.

Purple Magick/Corpse Magick: AKA: Necromancy
Any magick that focuses on the use of the corpses of whatever they can get their hands on, and how they can reconstruct any of the corpses if it can be made. 
It’s worth noting that when a soul leaves the body, Necromancy can’t put the soul back in. That’s a different class, have fun figuring out which one it is.
Bone manipulation falls into line here, given the vast amount of possibilities. It’s worth distinguishing that it’s pretty much it’s own sect

Yellow Magick/Psychic Magick AKA: Mental Magick.
This category is the weirdest and most difficult to relate to each other, essentially this is any magick that relates to the mind. 
Here’s a brief list of powers: Telepathy, Clairvoyance, Illusions, Pyrokinesis, Remote Kinesis, Possession/Overshadowing, Flight, Emotional Manipulation, Memory Manipulation, consciousness reconstruction, and shutting off  various sections in the brain. These are just a few possibilities mind you.

Blue Magick/Food Magick AKA: Munchies Magick
Food Magick falls into two focuses:
Enhancement/Digest Effect:
With the use of various spells, blue mages can essentially make food to consume that can give any boost, temporary skills, even passing along information are a few examples of that half of blue magick
	Battle: Using any sort of food to use as a weapon. 
Imagine a mage taking on the properties of rubber like taffy, as well as being able to make magick crystals that act as a bomb of that food, materialize a whip of extremely sticky gum, Magickal crystal candy armor, summoning pungent aromas, reshaping the terrain as gummy versions, and pudding that hardens to the point of holding someone in place are just a few samples of Blue Magick when used in battle.

Finally, everything else.
Black Magick/Battle Magick/Bloodline Magick: AKA: Devastation Magick
Any magick that was made/summoned/cast that harms their target, quite a broad category, because people love finding new ways to hurt each other.
Manipulating elements, making curses, ethereal attacks, summoning, and many other harmful magicks falls into this category. 
Various species had some genetic abilities that came from their certain species different parts, or how different speciese’s energy are more powerful than others. Demonic and Angelic energies are considered ‘more powerful’ type energy. 

“I know it’s a lot to write kids, so I’ll just leave this here for you guys” He waved to the kids before walking away, “I hope you all do well today!”
“Thank you Mr Mage Knight!” The children said waving goodbye.
Spike would have bitched about doing something like that, but Joseph actually enjoyed helping out whenever asked. Which all Mage Knights are told to do, but as you can imagine, there are slackers. EG, Spike.

“I-I see” Priscilla said slightly embarrassed.
“I’m sorry Ms Mokolov” She said, “If you’d like I can come back later”
“I don’t think-” Priscilla was cut off
“That sounds wonderful Ruth!” Marcy said while walking the mechanic to the door, “We’ll call you when she picks something that isn’t automated!”
“Very well, I’ll leave you ladies alone” She said leaving the two.
Marcy locked the door and turned back to Priscilla. They were in an upgrade station, Priscilla hadn’t been to one in a long time and she was feeling just a little gun-shy
“Well we have our privacy now” She teased Priscilla, “so what are you gonna get? A new part? Software? Skills?”
“Uhh maybe skills...” she turned to the console on the wall, “... I might have opened my mouth and made a stupid bet.”
“How stupid are we talking” Marcy said walking up to Priscilla,
She exhausted in embarrassment, “Search: Sex Skills.”
‘Results Found 69,000’
“Ooooohhhh” Marcy teased, “This is a whole new level of stupid for you!”
“S-shut it” Priscilla said embarrassed, “I realize my mistake now”
“Hmmm” Marcy walked over and hit the x button, “If you’re only going to use it once, I’d say forego it. If you’re really worried about it, I’ll tell you a little secret.” She said leaning in to whisper to Priscilla, “if you tell a guy to do whateeeever they want to do with you, they’ll enthusiastically take you up on that offer, just be careful what you wish for!” she grinned watching Priscilla’s lights change, they were now flashing bright cotton-candy pink.
“T-thanks” Priscilla said trying to hide her changing emotion lights at the top of her forehead. “I need to get rid of this,” she growled.
“Oh no you don’t!” Marcy told her, “You need that to keep reminding yourself that you’re not some heartless cold machine”
“You mean others” Priscilla said
“Yes, them too” She smiled 

“Come on, let’s really brainstorm here on parts.” Marcy put her forehead on Priscilla’s “With our powers combined we aaaarrreeee…?” 
Marcy just smiled and looked up at Priscilla, who was doing her best to not cringe at what she was about to do. “Uuuhhhgg” Priscilla smiled in defeat, “We are the Duo Divas! The Digital Diva and The Sizzlin’ Salamander”
“YES!” Marcy clapped, “I can still get you to do it! Even after all these years!  She gave Priscilla a hug, “You spoil me too much!”
“Quit bragging” Priscilla said getting her off her forehead and out of the hug. “We’re here for me, not you, remember?”
“Well how about we install a new sense of hope?” Marcy asked pressing a few buttons, “Or how about determination?”

“I-I was actually thinking about getting my…m-my” Priscilla stammered into silence, “My…uhhh”
“Oh!” Marcy said in legit shock, “I didn’t realize it was for the bet,-I-”
“NO!!!!” Priscilla said realizing what it sounded like, “NOT THAT! My internal hardware updated! I’m ashamed to say it because that’s the one thing I should have updated a long time ago!”
“Oh” Marcy sighed of relief, “Awww.” She said realizing the possible fun that she could have had, “You sure? I’m sure that we could find you a nice new model, freshly tightened-”
“No way!” Priscilla said, Marcy noted that Priscilla’s lights were a solid bright pink now, “That area is just fine! I tested it the other day!” she said before covering her mouth. She realized a little too late what she said.
“Alright, So let’s get back to you” Marcy said laughing from her friend’s embarrassment, “Why haven’t you kept yourself updated?”

Priscilla was silent for a moment, “The Space-Ship of Theseus” She said eventually, “Are you familiar with that concept?”
“Ah yes, The ancient ship” Marcy started, “Keep getting itself repaired to the point where the ship in question no longer had the original parts, which were now a pile of scrap. Leaving the question, which is the original?”
“Yes” Priscilla told her, “I’m… I’m just afraid that maybe something that I have now isn’t going to be the same when I update.”
“Priscilla, the thought of doing this didn’t bother you at one point” She said, “What happened?”
“My error” Priscilla said, “Since my logic algorithms no longer give me the most logical decision, My error keeps me permanently-”
She couldn’t see it, but Marcy rolled her eyes. “What about your error?”
“What if my current hardware is keeping me going?” Priscilla started, “I mean aren’t I supposed to be created well enough-”
“Well what if it goes away?” Marcy asked cutting her off, “You might just be feeling the effects for not doing this thing called ‘Upkeep’” she started pressing a few buttons, “I’m sure Papa Mokolov would agree with me”

“I’ve already upgraded all my vestigial parts” She started
“I didn’t realize we came back to sex” Marcy laughed
“Hush you” She smiled, “These parts… well, they’re the last parts of my original system.” She told her, “Last parts from dad”
 “You’re aware that by now even those upgrades will be upgraded” She smiled to her, with a pat on the back she said “I’m sure you’ll still be Priscilla, just a better looking, harder hitting, and overall the same person she is now”
“Well when you put it like that” Priscilla smiled, “I should have nothing to worry about” She said as the screen in front of her showed her the nitty-gritty details of all the upgraded parts.

“Well?” Marcy said completely confused at what she was looking at.
“This is the plan packages page, essentially I’m going with the highest package, my frame will be swapped out, my memory copied and transferred to the cutting edge mobile memory bank, and-”
“How long will this take?” Marcy asked, “I don’t want you to be late”
“It’s gonna take… Wow” She said in surprise, “Only an hour!”
“Good!” Marcy said with a sigh of relief, she took a step back and looked the room over. “This is an auto room, so I’ll leave you alone to be upgraded, I’ll be waiting right outside!” 
She waved as she opened the door and closed it behind her.

Priscilla waited a few moments before quietly pressing a few buttons on the wall. She switched the screen to just transferring her and every part of her into a new chassis.
As she pressed the button she felt ashamed of herself, her fear of a transfer error was just too high. If that happened then she’d be locked up, forever.
 “I’m sorry Marcy” She said as she felt her body soon link up with the room.
“Estimated time of completion, One hour” The room said.
“Good” she said, “Still on time” slowly, she got to see through the room’s cameras. She slowly watched herself be disassembled and then have a new body assembled right in front of her. Quite the sight.

“That’s surprisingly close” Joseph muttered to himself as he leafed through a new issue of a magazine titled, ‘The Order’s Heroes and Horrors’.  He had quite a pile next to him, he’d read the Captain Lux magazine, Augmented Gaming,  YMS Monthly, and Bassist Biz. All thoroughly read by the bookworm, with dog-eared pages for him to come back to.
Now he was getting ready for the off chance that Spike was in this issue.

He was currently at the bookstore’s reading table, which is closest to the section of material related to The Order. Mostly it was fluff pieces about what some guilds are doing to kill time, but every once in a great while something interesting is published.
Case in point, someone had written an article on Captain Lux, Former Voyager Kivla, Archeon Marcy Mayhem, and a few new Voyagers who Joseph didn’t recognise. The article was on Karma.
Since their death, a number of Order Operatives spoke up and out against Kivla. They made sure to note his extreme and violent tendencies, inappropriate comments, and degrading those below his rank. They noted that falling on a banana peel was one of the most beautifully embarrassing ways they could of died from, aside from auto-erotic affixiation. 
From there Joseph skipped over the others they mentioned, basically he just wanted to read about one person. There was one Voyager who Joseph had a bit of an obsession with.
Captain Lux.

Currently, Joseph had the following Lux merchandise: 873 Fan club tee shirts, 11 figurines, 2 sets of pajamas, piles of socks, Jiioiao, and his most prized possession, a riilka with Captain Lux’s signature on it. 
That one  set him back a pretty credit.

The Article stated that Marcy’s and Lux’s amazing abilities are beautifully matched by their generosity, kindness, and sense of duty. 
In addition to that article, a journalist was trying to make the point that Order operatives are getting soft, only suggested because of a drop of broadcasted brawls. Who’d of thought people don’t like fighting.
“Well I’m doing my part,” Joseph said to himself flipping through the pages, until he found something interesting, and it dealt with someone close to him.
He found a journalist who was writing about a certain Fire Mage, so Joseph decided to read it in detail. Whether or not he’ll let Spike see it, all depends on if the article was pro or con Spike.

‘The Single Son Sets’, By Journalist J. Tallia.
‘As most of us have heard, there was a disturbance on Ag Spoon recently, where a feared Mobster made his return. Or rather, he broadcasted his first public press conference appearance ever, and it was all to call out his former boss. ‘Bloodwing’.
Now, because I love my publishers, I’m not going to say anything about the rumor that a person named Bloodwing even exists. Let’s focus on the brat.
The former mobster was known as the assassin ‘The Single Son’, now calls himself Spike Frusciante. He was part of an operation in which his Vice-Captain and himself had to hunt down a crime lord, and I’m sure the irony isn’t lost on anyone who is capable of reading this article. 
Now, we all know that criminals are allowed to join The Order, as a part of a Voyager’s guild initally. Have a terrifyingly strong eye on them, to deter any unsavory ideas, and send them down the right path. Considering that the successful conversion rate is up to a solid ninety-eight percent, the highest it’s been in a long time, that the process was working.
Spike Frusciante is a Fire Mage for the guild ‘Civil Distortion’, headed by The Voyager known as Priscilla Mokolov A.K.A ‘The Walking Immunity’. 
Now if any of you were like me and are a little suspicious about where his actual alliance lays, let me give you all a little advice. You can look up Spike Frusciante on various Social Medias, and you can see that he actually has a long range of events and pictures published. From years upon years of use.
In those pictures you get to see an individual change, an assassin no less, change through the years. There’s clearly a transition phase (Which is adorable) where you could tell that he was getting acclimated to a normal life. I’m so happy to have helped him grow up too!
Even better, he’s rather lazy these days. As well as one of the weakest members of his guild. So let me tell you what my opinion of if we should trust this, Spike Frusciante. I honestly believe that we can earnestly trust that he is a protector these days, long gone are the days of his wanton murdering sprees.
If anyone is concerned about Spike’s legitimacy of change, I implore you all to go and check out his various social medias. I’m sure when you see all the selfies that he takes, you’ll be convinced that he’s not what any of us would expect a former mobster to be. (Some are NSFW, just as a heads up).
I’m hoping that Spike reads this article. He may encounter some resistance along the way for his past sins, but I believe that Spike can become a fantastic Space Mage Knight. Keep up the good work Spike, I’ll be keeping our eyes on you. Should you do anything that goes against the laws or the rules of The Order, you can bet I’ll call you out on it.
-Jenni T.’ 

“Just as I thought” Joseph smiled as he closed the magazine, “He doesn’t need that big of an ego boost.”
“That was my thought as well,” A voice said behind him, Joseph turned around and saw Priscilla and Marcy with several large bags full of merchandise.
“Wow boss!” Joseph said impressed, “You’re looking even more beautiful in that new body!” He said to her.
“Thank you Glixor,” She said smiling as she struck a pose, “I know”
“Never mind them, did you read about me?” Marcy said smiling while pointing to her smile, “I’ve been a good girl!”
“Yes, and Marcy I think you’d get along with Spike phenomenally” Joseph  laughed, “Would you like me to introduce you two?”
“Hmmmm, tell you what!” Marcy started “Give him my number” She said pressing a couple of buttons on her Virtua System. “I’m getting on in years, I’ll take a gamble on him. I can imagine we’d be an adorable redhead couple.”
“Are you serious?” Priscilla asked slightly stupefied
“One hundred percent” She smiled as she sent her number to Joseph’s virtua system, “First of all, we’re not guild mates so we could get married as far as the bigwigs are concerned. Besides,” She grinned “Wouldn’t you like someone who may be able to corral him for you?” She laughed “Let me break him for you! I’ll be your cowgirl!... well, cowgirl doing cowgirl that is!”
“Marcy I love you!” Priscilla laughed as she gave her friend a hug, “That sounds fantastic, you have my blessing to try.”

“I mean I think you’re underestimating Spike, but I’ll tell him that I met a hot redhead who wanted to talk to him.” He smiled as he pressed a few buttons, “Want to pose for a picture?” He asked raising his arm.
“Sure” She said hip bumping Priscilla aside. After she did that, she undid a few buttons from the top of her shirt and ‘readjusted herself’. “Okay, me and the girls are good to go!” She said posing herself with a wink and a V.
“You’re shameless,” Priscilla laughed, “You might actually get along with Spike really well… a little too well now that I think about it.”
“I agree,” Joseph said after taking a few pictures, “Okay, as much as I’m enjoying the view, you can go ahead and re-button.”
She winked at Joseph, “If you so happen to use that number to get ahold of me, I wouldn’t mind in the slightest eit-”
“No,” Priscilla said smacking Marcy upside her head, “Leave the innocent alone, break that problem child, don’t corrupt the good one.”
“So you think of me as your good little Joseph” Joseph teased, “I’m not sure I’m okay with that Hot Mama Mokolov”
“Ugh” Priscilla visibly cringed, “Forget I said anything Marcy, break him too, I’ll give you a bonus if you break both of them at the same time”

‘Now calling all Flight 370 passengers. Cargo and Passengers may start to board, and all cargo must be secured on board carefully and each item must have a signature of safety before take off’ A voice called out
“That’s us.” Joseph said putting the magazine on top of the pile, “I just realized that I spent all my time reading. I didn’t get to abuse my spending privilege too much” He laughed standing up.
“Hey just grab some stuff on the go” Marcy said while pivoting around. “I’ll see you guys off!” 
“Come along Glixor,” Priscilla said following Marcy, “We’re just a short five hours from home, I’m looking forward to sleeping when I get back”
“Yes mam!” Joseph said standing up, “But first let me trash this magazine”

“So let me get this straight,” Priscilla said as she exhausted “You’re actually thinking about augmentations?”
Currently, Joseph and Priscilla were sitting in a special Cabin reserved for members of the Order. It was worse than all the others cabins, but they didn’t have to pay for their terrible room on a luxury liner.
“Yes,” Joseph said, “and I’m asking you for obvious reasons.”
“You are aware of what the first thing you’d have to get, right?” She asked
“Of course” He told her “A current generator powered via cerebral activity.” He recited “Essentially adding a new part to my brain. He pointed to the area his Spinal Cord was at.
“So you have looked into it” She smiled as she leaned back, “Okay Glixor, what are you trying to accomplish via Augmentation?”
“First of all, how expensive is the Elemental Adaptor gonna be?” He asked
“Probably an extra million” She told him “But they probably wouldn’t  install anything at all unless you were okay with that addition.”
“True enough” He sighed.
“Come on Glixor” She smiled leaning back into her seat, “What are you trying to change? Want curly locks? Replace your damaged eyes? Enlarge your manhood? Or something else?”

“I’ve uhh…” He stuttered, “I’ve been considering, for some reason, to get my vital parts fortified.” He sighed to himself, “Spike has a beautiful point on the fragility of the body”
“Ah, the point is good though. One of the few good points he has” She started “Okay, what parts?”
“My spinal cord, my skull, my hearts, and my joints” Joseph said.
“Good choices!” Priscilla said somewhat impressed, “You really have been looking into this, haven’t you Glixor?”
“Indeed” Joseph smiled “Everything is to get myself to my liking.”
“The unofficial motto” Priscilla giggled, “You’re just using me as a price check, aren’t you?”
“Busted” He admitted, “Still, do you blame me?”

“Not at all Glixor.” Priscilla smiled closing her eyes, “I’m bringing up a few places that I’d recommend, what the masses of the web think is the best, and places that focus on elemental augmentation. How does that sound?” She offered.
“I’d appreciate it” Joseph told her
“Okay, I’ve got the goods” She said as a few lights flashed in Priscilla’s head, “Want me to send it to your Email or to your Virtua System?”
“Virtua System please.” He smiled “Thank you!”
“I’ve got to look out for my favorite guild member” She playfully stated. 
“Thank you for being a competent Captain” Joseph smiled
“At least someone thinks so” She said under her mechanical exhaust.
“I’m sorry, I couldn’t hear you.” Joseph told her, “what did you say?”
“I said-” She started, only to be cut off by a violent series of shakes. Upon hearing a series of explosions, a voice came over the intercom

“Attention ye scurvy dogs!” A voice called over the intercom, “We’re the Vivid Ranaas, and today we’re going to be stealing all of ye cargo!”
“Space pirates?” Joseph asked with a grin, “Today isn’t even my birthday!”
“Careful Glixor,” Priscilla said unbuckling her seat, “If they’re so close to the main base, they must be confident in their theft’s success. Or desperate.”
“If ye all be good little boys and girls, we’ll leave one pilot alive” He laughed, “Now, we’ll be as quick as possible”
“We’re in luck Glixor,” Priscilla started, “They don’t know we’re on board”
“Now ladies and gentlemen”, A new voice clicked on, “We shall now disable all of your electronics and magickal operating systems until we leave”
“Shix!” Priscilla shouted moments before her body powered down, thankfully Joseph swooped in and caught his completely stiff captain.
“Damn MEMP!” Joseph said as he buckled in his now inactive captain. Then it occurred to him, he was all on his own. “Shix” He managed to choke out.

Joseph had a couple of choices of how to handle this situation.
The first was to sit back and let everything unfold. If the pirates are just concerned about the cargo, then they might just take that and leave. Yeah, right.
If they spotted anything shiny on a passenger, or if one was smokin’ hot, there would be a few casualties. Joseph stood up, he had a job to do after all. He reminded himself that if he wants to become great enough to have Lux recognise him, Space Pirates shouldn’t be any sort of problem.
Whenever Joseph was in a situation where he was the one responsible for the wellbeing of others, and not able to call in any back up, he always did the same thing. He went to the bathroom.

Once in there, he lifted the lid to use the toilet, he adjusted himself above it, and then flushed the toilet. He quickly turned himself into water to get into the water lines of the ship. He decided to secretly scope out the situation, to see how he could handle things quietly.
It only occurred to Joseph as he was in the piping, but he could call in and get Spike’s help on support.  Though Spike would have never let him live it down.
Joseph decided at that point that rushing in head first was the far better option. The only problem he had was trying to map out the ship and get a body count of the pirates. This led to Joseph materializing in many different, and hilarious, ways in unexpected places. 

On a side note, Joseph is the best operative in Civil Distortion for this… ‘gentle’ approach of infiltration. With his ability to control his water form he was able to become something like; a dripping fountain in a kitchen where soldiers could be heard, a moving puddle to follow suspicious individuals, a random cup of water in a break room to listen in, surprise attacks from the sprinklers, and the possibilities just go on and on.
I’m just giving credit where it’s due, Joseph makes for a great sneaking operative. Much better than a certain fire mage, but now, back to the action…

“Hit it harder!” A man yelled at two other men, he was now thoroughly exhausted from yelling his lungs out, “We need to open that Virtua container stat!” nevermind the other two, “We’re running close to the scum’s base”
“Ye be getting on my nerves captain.” one of two men who were pounding away on a light blue container with a giant VS on it, “Why don’t ye help out?”
“Because I’m supervising!” he told them
“You scallywag” the man called him,
“STOP THE PIRATE TALK!” the other men yelled together.

Joseph was enjoying the show these stooges were putting on, he had a bird’s eye view leaking out of the sprinkler system. He was watching three men beat away on a large light blue crate, which had a large ‘VS’ on the side.
Joseph had just arrived, he ensured the passenger’s safety before getting to the pirates in the cargo bay. He had zoomed across the ship’s water systems, doing that he was able to get the drop on all the other stragglers.  Those poor bastads didn’t stand a chance, as Joseph made his way through the crew that were on the ship.

After he returned control of the ship to the pilots, he rounded up the rest of the pirate’s crew, and now these three were the leftovers.
Perfect timing, Joseph moved more water out of the sprinkler to hover over the pirates as he kept crawling on the ceiling. The men were getting too focused.
“What is this thing made out of!?” a man said getting angry, and he was unleashing his frustration on the large container with each hit. “Should we call some of the others?”

“The answer is Oricalcum” Joseph said as he materialized falling down, “That, gentlemen, is the Virtua System trailer and they don’t skimp with security for their tech. Fun Fact: apparantly the big-wigs of Virtua Systems and Oricalcum Origin are siblings, hence the free VS oricalcum durable products and containers!” He said landing. “You’d have an easier time breathing underwater” 
He called out as he launched two streams of water dropped from the ceiling, each one creating a large dome of water around two of the pirates.
“What the?!” the captain yelled reaching for his sword, “Who are you?!”
“The name is Joseph Glixor, member of The Order” He said calmly, “Now why don’t you be a good boy and drop your weapon. If you do, I’ll remove the bubbles of water around your crewmates heads.”
“You coward!” He yelled as he unsheathed his sword and charged at Joseph, “They’ll be fine if I kill you!”.

Joseph sighed as the captain ran to stab him, only to make full contact with Joseph… to the Pirate’s dismay. The metal sword wasn’t enough to get through Joseph’s uniform, “Come on dude, I’m sure you knew that couldn’t puncture my uniform, right? These things are bullet and missile proof to boot!” 
“Then I’ll aim for your fleshy parts!” He said taking aim at Joseph’s head.
Joseph rolled his eyes as he changed his properties to water before the man could get close to hitting him. He started swinging away at Joseph, 
Joseph smiled, he didn’t even move an inch. With each swing of the captain’s sword,  a little water was splashed around, which  was essentially the extent of the ‘damage’ he was doing.
Joseph sighed, “You’re seriously going to try using a dinky non-magickal metal weapon? How did you guys even manage to break your way on board?” 
“Shut it you Order scum!” He said swinging away at Joseph, “I need to steal these goods to save my crew!”
“No, I told you,” Joseph started, “To save your crew, you must surrender”
“Not from you jax-ass!” He said not stopping his swings, “You didn’t kidnap seven of my best crew mates last week!”
“Wait, what?” Joseph said while he used the water on the floor to form into a giant pool of water to encase the captain.
“YOU GLITCH!” He yelled at Joseph as he tried to thrash his way to freedom, “Let me out of here! I need those Virtua Systems to save my crew! They won’t let them live unless I get these to them!”
Joseph noticed something, the captain, lawless as he may be, he noticed that he legitimately had concern in his eyes and voice...and fear.

Sighing, Joseph snapped his fingers. Causing the bubbles of water over the crew mates to disappear, causing them to fall down. “These men will be fine. Don’t worry”. He said as the man turned around to verify it.
“You liar!” He said, “Why aren’t they moving anymore!?”
“Easy,” He started “Extreme dehydration can result in fainting, or just passing out into a lump on the ground.”
“S-so they’re alive!?” He said changing his tone, “Oh thank the scientists!”
“Yupp, same with the other seven on board” Joseph reported, he pressed a few buttons on virtua system before saying “Jeffery, are the captives still alive and kicking?”
“Yes Mr. Glixor” A voice came through the Virtua System, “We’re going to attempt to restart the electronics, thank you for filling our energy reserves! Not to mention that your water prisons are still holding every last one of the pirates in place!”
“It was nothing” Joseph told him, “I sent for a transport when I freed you, they’ll deal with the pirates as well as hand you a commendation for your bravery and service to help out.”
“Thank you Mr. Glixor!” He said before Joseph hung up.

“So what’s going to happen to the rest of my crew?” The captain asked Joseph, “The crew that isn’t here”
Joseph sighed, “Alright, I’m going to believe that you do have a crew that was taken away, but let me ask” Joseph closed his hand into a fist, causing the water encasing the pirate closed in and exerted high pressure on to him. “Who took them away from you? Who would rob pirates?”
“Monsters” He said clearly in pain, “We didn’t stand a chance!”
“What type of beasts?” Joseph asked “Wolfmen, Vampires, Leviathans, Behemoths, Beholders, or Dragons?” He asked
“Not that type of monster you closed minded twit” He said trying to be, ‘politically correct’. “No, they were supposed to be our newest partners, but when we arrived and heard their idea, we tried to say no.”

“They didn’t let you go, I take it?” Joseph said remembering something, “So you guys tried to fight your way out, but they crushed you.”
“Y-yes” He stammered, “They took half of my crew as hostages, they gave me the information for this ship and said that if I got them at least this shipment of Virtua Systems that my crew would go free.”
“Given how expensive these fluxers are, that makes sense” Joseph said looking at his own, “So where were you supposed to drop the goods off?”
“We were supposed to put a tracking beacon on an empty ship with the goods on there and just send it in a random direction. Away from inhabited planets” He started, “They told us that after a few days that they’ll send my crew to wherever I told them to.”
That routine sounded too close to what Joseph was dreading.

“Where is this beacon!?” Joseph demanded, “We need to destroy it!”
“E-excuse me?” He said terrified of Joseph’s change, the even tempered Order member was gone, now he was looking at a man possessed. 
“The beacon” Joseph said increasing the pressure, “Don’t waste any more time, where is this beacon?!” He demanded once again, “I will make sure that you receive the worst possible sentence if you withhold this information until the transport arrives. This piece of evidence needs to be eradicated for everyone’s sake!” 

The man remained quiet, “No” He told Joseph.

“Excuse me?” He said once again increasing the pressure.
“I won’t let you take the beacon!” He cried out, Joseph noticed that the man was now crying, “I won’t let you take her!”
“Take?” Joseph asked unamused, once again increasing the pressure, Joseph looked at the man struggle to breathe. “Take who?” He asked curtly
“My wife!” He cried out, “They cursed the damn thing and put the beacon in her dead body!” He admitted, “That’s where it is”
“Excuse me?!?” Joseph asked, instantly changing back, “What the hell happened!?” He said decreasing all the additional pressure as well.
The man was hysterically weeping, “When they took half my crew, they killed my wife as well as my Vice Captain.” He quiet down after a few seconds, he shuddered in fear before saying, “Those monsters looked like they were having fun debating on which one they’d use as a mule and which one was for lunch”

Joseph closed his eyes and snapped his fingers, causing the water to fall to the ground. The man collapsed on the ground, but when he should of hit the ground, water rose up to cushion him.
“I’m sorry to tell you this, but your crew is already dead,” He told him. He turned around and made his way over to the unconscious pirates, “But we can still save you and your crew that is here. Locked away from the Frusciantes.”
“W-what?!” The man stammered, “B-but, but how did you-”
“You knew full well what was going to happen when you said no to those monsters,” Joseph told him pulling out a pair of Order approved restraints “They would of sent your crew to that location, but they’d arrive completely butchered.” He said as he finished restraining the K.O.’d pirates “In a very large box”
“H-how do you know of who took us?” He asked in disbelief.
“Because I’m not stupid,” He said standing up, “Listen, I’ll go ahead and give you my word that I’ll report that you were just forced into this suicide mission. Hopefully it’ll reduce your guys’ sentence, and-” 
Joseph suddenly stopped.

He felt a sharp pain in his stomach, and he soon realized why. 
He looked down and saw a faint yellow energy coated blade sticking out of him, now coated in bright neon blue Leviathan blood.
“I’m dead either way,” The Pirate captain said behind Joseph, “Might as well take one of you Order scum with me!” 
“Bastad!” Joseph cried out in pain, minimizing the damage he turned back into water, “That hurt!”
The captain realized that he was in a world of trouble, “P-please forgive me! I’m sorry! I-”
“Do you want to know something wonderful” Joseph asked, “I’m a water mage, so-” He turned around without moving, “there’s this!” Joseph placed his liquid hand on the pirate captain’s torso. Instantly his arms and legs soon shot to his sides or squarely under him. “You’re not going anywhere” 
“W-what did you do to me!?” the captain asked completely unable to move, “I- I can’t move anything! Why can’t I feel anything either!”
Joseph smiled, he moved his hand off the captain and said “I forced your blood to move to your sides, then I froze several joints of your insides, as well as icing over most of your nervous system” he said taking the sword out of his watery body. Painlessly too.
“From that brief moment?!” He asked in shock.
“Indeed” Joseph grinned at the man with the sword in his hand, “Now, what to do about you?”

“Make sure you guys ask him what funeral arrangements he’d like for his wife,” Joseph told the guard that took the captain away, “This wasn’t his fault” he said handing over the captain’s sword.
The Order sent an armed guard for the prisoners, and an additional luxury ship for the passengers of the attacked ship. Sadly Joseph and Priscilla were told to stay and guard their current ship’s crew and the cargo left in the hold. 
They were now tasked to escort this ship to their Guild’s ship. Only to have another convoy of Order Elites escort it to it’s original destination from there.

“So I guess that wraps up things nicely” He heard a familiar voice behind him, he saw his Captain up and operational again, “Good work Glixor. Is my patchwork holding up alright?”
“Not a problem, and I’m not leaking anymore” He joked patting his belly, “Thank you captain” He saluted to her.
“Oh none of that Glixor, you’re the star here.” She said as she saw the Pirate Captain being taken upon the armed transport, “You know, you’re too nice.”
“What do you mean?” Joseph asked, “We’re supposed to be nice”
Priscilla chuckled, “Let me put it this way, if that man stabbed Spike, what do you think he’d of done?”
“Definitely not try to ask him what type of funeral arrangements they’d want for his wife, or let him breathe.” Joseph smiled, “Hey captain, have you been briefed about the Pirates?”
“Yes” She replied, “However the story is strictly for the Order, not released to the public. So it’s not in a way where Spike will find it naturally.” 
“Exactly” Joseph said, then he started chuckling, “let’s not give him a reason to steal a dead body”
“Good point” Priscilla laughed, “I can actually see him doing that too!”
“I say we just tell him that we kicked pirate ass” Joseph smiled.

“Glixor” Priscilla said getting Joseph’s attention, “I have a favor to ask you”
“What is it captain?” Joseph asked concerned by her sudden melancholic purple lights started glowing, “What’s wrong?”
“I’ll keep your new hole a secret” She started, “In exchange, please, do not mention that my status as a Voyager was revoked.” She pleaded to him, “I… don’t want the others finding out from anyone else but me.”
“Understood captain” Joseph saluted, getting Priscilla to smile.
“Thank you Glixor, I appreciate you”

“So how was detention?” Spike asked sitting down on the couch. He had just booted up a 3 player game for himself, Shae, and Joseph. Something involving dragons in weird and dark places. It was a FPSMMORIH
Joseph and Priscilla got back from their trip a good hour by now, though they were thoroughly surprised by what they found when they walked in the ship’s main quarters.
Spike and Shae were cleaning the entire room. Apparently they got bored without the whole band and wanted to do something else. They chose cleaning because it was originally the joke entry into their list of ideas…

Naturally, Joseph and Priscilla were stunned, to the point where Spike got to draw various symbols on Joseph’s face. He’s not above using the old standard.

“Not nearly as boring this time,” Joseph said as he went over to the couch and sat down next to Spike, completely unaware of his new tattoo. “Something fun did happen on the way back,” He noticed that Spike, Priscilla, and Shae were giggling for some reason.
“What’s that?” Shae asked sitting in a recliner next to Joseph’s side.
“We had some dumbasses try to rob the ship that we were on.” Joseph grinned as he chuckled, “Those poor pirate bastads never stood a chance”
“Wow, Space Pirates? That’s a new fantastic adversary to decimate. I gotta imagine you had fun actually doing something for once.” Spike said tossing a controller to Shae, then to Joseph, “Almost as much fun as when I destroy you two when I start the ass-kicking fiesta!”
“So what was on the ship?” Shae asked fixating her gaze on the large TV, “Credits? Bonds? Precious jewels?”
“Something even more outlandishly valuable,” Joseph said picking  a character, “A full shipment of Virtua-Systems.”

“Wow” Spike said, “High risk, high rewards. They lost big time” He then started to chuckle, “That ladies and gentlemen is why I don’t gamble”
“Because you’re a loser?” Shae teased him.
“Not just a loser,” Joseph laughed, “A sore loser”
“I prefer the term ‘overly determined’” Spike smiled
“Let’s see how determined you are when I’m schooling you chumps!” Shae roared as the game began.

Social Medias
Twatters Posts:
@HotWaterMage: @SpikefulFireMage I will obliterate you. #whathaveyoudone

@BossLadyWith8008S: Another win to my quite extensive resume, @SpikefulFireMage and @HotWaterMage when will you two learn that you two just can’t beat me, at any battle, despite the battleground? #Winner #D&D70E #3Way #Dominator

Face-In-Space Updates:
Priscilla Mokolov Mk: H33: It’s always nice to catch up with old friends, especially ones that know my log-in details. 
On a side note, I have an odd folder listed as ‘Hott Stufx’ that’s 6 petabytes big stored in my removable ********* All NSFW too. 
by Marcy <3

Spike Frusciante: Look at baby Joseph in his own Pirate outfit! This was his costume for our Middle School Hallowation party! Despite the pants ripping, it was still a scarier outfit than the saps that jumped the ship he was on.


Chapter 5
Anyone For Tennis?
. 
Mission: Bratty Babysitting Type: 87Y
Dispatch:  Civil Distortion;
Vice Captain: Shae Strox, Destrucktion Mage
Tactician: Spike Frusciante , Elemental (Fire) Mage
Engineer: Joseph Glixor, Elemental (Water) Mage
Additional Resources: N/A
Location: Planet: Parado Palaula
Briefing: A pop group is convinced that one of their rival bands are trying to sabotage their concerts… That complaint was reported six different times. Make sure that their rival bands can’t sabotage them
Rewards: Large monetary sums of creds, compensation for your patience

“But really, I’m surprised it took you two so little to get sick of this place so quickly” Joseph said as he marvelled at the Massive hotel and colosseum. 
They were on the biggest planet of the biggest musical stars… kinda. Today, was a battle of the bands competition… for popbands… 
Listen, eras don’t matter, popbands will bring countless parents to drink from listening to their kids play the same three tracks over adneausem. 

The entire building was cased with Gold, Diamond, Tobyoxfium, Platinum, Kojiamki, and large uncut gems served as color lenses for the outdoor spotlights.
“It looked waaayyy different yesterday though,” Spike told him, “That’s when it was badass. When there was legitimate musical talent playing!”
“Plus any men who take five hours to finish are always welcomed in my-... nope, I’m not giving you that one Spike” Shae giggled
“But seriously, they’re middle aged men and they’re still throwing five to six hour concerts! Of mostly non-stop music too!” Spike said starting to fanboy, “I really count myself as a changed man after that show, to think that after nine hundred years, they finally put aside their egos!”
“But you should have seen Spike when they kicked off the encore” Shae said happily, “They started it with a special guest. From out of nowhere, they bring on a couple of friends to perform a song of theirs. Spike started weeping out of pure joy when ‘The Screamin’ Siren’, Lady Vee, walked on stage”
“I was beside myself in utter fanboy paradise” Spike said happily, “When they kicked off her cover of ‘Bad Apple!!’, I felt my soul ascend in musical bliss”
“Long live Zappers N’ Carnations!” Shae cheered!
“ZN’C! ZN’C!” Spike chanted

“But if you really want to know why I’m looking forward to getting off this rock is because of how expensive this place was” Shae groaned
“I second my VC” Spike mimiced Shae’s tone.
“Again, I’m surprised by you two.” Joseph laughed, “You two should of just set up some rules and shared a room.”
“Nope” they both said
“Joseph, please don’t make me list the many reasons that would be a poor idea.” Shae said, “Besides, I happened to get lucky last night!” Shae bragged
“Yeah, no.” Spike said, “It’s exactly that type of mental scarring that I was more than happy to shell out two million creds for my own room, to avoid the sight of Shae railing someone. Thank the Gods for the discount that we get as Order-”
At that time the sound of ‘music’ could be heard blasting through speakers all around the building,  “Alright guys, game time” Spike said changing his tone, “Shae guard the client and their equipment, I’m patrolling on the inside of the hotel, and Joseph maintain your patrol outside. Understood?”
“Yes sir!” Shae replied
“Got it Spike!” Joseph said
“Thanks guys” Spike said, “now good luck to all of our poor ears, may this night go fast, and without a Wilford Carnation temper-tantrum”
“A-Agreed”

“I’m telling you, something’s not right” Joseph said through his virtua system, “Things seem to be going as Priscilla told us. They might actually win tonight. I’m not okay with that after party. No amount of money is worth it.”
“Are you doubting our glorious Captain?” Shae said over the Virtua System communications, “I’m gonna snitch on you.”
“Let’s make something clear” Joseph said, “You’re not on the outside of this nut house, so whatever I’m experiencing, you two have to feel a little bit of it”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about” Shae said, “I’m just loving watching these brats pretend to sing” She whined.
“Yeah, I definitely know that you got the toughest job” Spike gloated, “Don’t like waiting on someone hand and foot?”
“Surprisingly not Junior” Shae teased, “But things are going smoothly on the inside, they just got called on.”

“So as soon as they’re done losing we can leave, right?” Spike asked
“Right,” Joseph told him, “Though Mr Cosmic Slut, I’m surprised that you don’t want to try to bang one, or all three of those girls”
“Don’t worry my dearest Joseph,” Spike said obnoxiously over the lines, “They’re definitely attractive, but the reason I won’t move on those girls is because they all currently have blue hair”
“And that’d stop you… why?” Shae asked
“Because it’s his goal that the first blue haired woman that he’s going to have sex with is my mom” Joseph said slightly annoyed, “Our mom” He said increasingly becoming more irritated. “Right, little brother?”
“Right big bro!” Spike said cheerfully, “Though if I ever get the opportunity to feel Layna’s loving embrace, I’ll never want any other woman in the universe!” He said starting to daydream, “Hmmm, Layna Frusciante.”
“SPIKE SHUT THE HELL UP!” Joseph yelled
“I don’t knooowww Joseph” Shae piped in next, “That’s got a nice ring to it” Shae started giggling, “Just imagine, you’d have new purple haired half-siblings!”
“Shae, I can only handle one idiot at a time,” Joseph sighed in defeat. “Are you that bored in there that you’d help Spike try to bang my mom?”
“You highly underestimate the lack of intelligent life in here,” She sighed, “I had to beat someone’s Seven Asses after they groped me”
“Sounds like a Mega beating Man,” Spike said, “Probably made the man into a bit of a Grump, but I digress. Shae’s right.” Spike reported, “I can’t tell you how many fools I’ve had to tell I’m not an employee here. Who oddly don’t understand common, the same language they asked in, so I had to slap a few bastads”



The three heard an unknown voice through their Virtua Systems, in crystal clear quality. Instantly stopping their asinine antics.

“Allow me to entertain you three then” Joseph was sincerely shocked when he heard the voice, then heard a muffled explosion from within the building.
“Where are my manners?” The voice laughed, “I’m-”
“Close by,” Spike said over the intercoms in an all too familiar unnerving tone, “Your encryptions suck. Shae keep the public safe, and out of this. Joseph get your ass in here now, Understood?” He told them.
“The game begins” A new voice laughed before vanishing. 
“Who are you people?!” Joseph yelled as he tried to find a door to the inside, “What do you want?!”
“I want to have fun,” The original voice, “because right now-” A snap could be heard over his communications, and Joseph saw the result. A large isolating barrier enveloped the building, with him on the outside, “I’m playing with, ‘Spike’”
“Fuck yourself,” Spike growled, “Both of you”
“Why don’t you try and find me?” The voice laughed
“Spike!” Shae said while sounds of yelling could be heard from her transmission, “I’m pinned down!”
“Spike, they put a barrier up!” Joseph said as he ran to it, he started launching attacks to bring it down, no avail. All his water was just crashing against it, “I can’t break it!” He looked up and saw that it was being generated from the rooftop, “The generator is on the roof!”
“Hmmm, three options” The voice piped in. “What will you do, ‘Spike’?”
“Go with option fucking four!” Spike yelled, Joseph saw why soon.
Spike was now leaning out of a window and started to shoot a ray of concentrated fire, slowly working away on the barrier. 
“Spike, I’ll help down here!” Joseph said as he went back to attacking the barrier, this time as hard as he could. He shot a beam of water so fast it’d feel razor sharp, which helped whittle away the barrier.

“There you are,” the voice said, “Party time!”
“Spike!” Shae said breathing heavily, “I need help! They have goons in here! Strong ones at that!”
“Give me a few seconds!” Spike barked while him and Joseph could see the barrier start to crack, “Joseph’s about to be let-” 
Gunshots cut off Spike’s communications “Spike!” Shae and Joseph yelled, Joseph thankfully saw that he was still shooting his fire upwards.
“Sorry about that guys!” Spike said, “I had to cook some popcorn”
At that moment, the barrier finally broke under the pressure of Spike and Joseph’s combined attacks.
“I’m coming in!” Joseph yelled up to Spike, he went to go in, but he saw something a little more terrifying. “Spike!” He said into his Virtua System, “You have two attack teams approaching you from both sides!”
“Damn it!” Spike yelled, “Joseph, I’ll keep these guys busy. Help Shae keep the public safe!” There was a slight hesitation before Spike said, “Shae if you die, I’ll be highly disappointed in you”
“Likewise Spike” She huffed.
“Joseph after you all are secured, take everyone to the escape floors” He instructed, “I’ll prime the thing, so let me know the moment you and Shae get everybody on board. That way-” Spike was cut off by the sounds of gunshots once again. This time however, there was the death rattle of a virtua system.
“SPIKE!?” They both yelled, no response.
“Oh look at that, they’re all having fun playing” the voice said, “Don’t worry, about a dozen people have called for the guild already. It’s too bad they’re having a little problem of their own” they laughed

“Shut the hell up!” Joseph yelled as he started to charge, “We’re going to make you regret this!”
“Oh?” The voice laughed, “We’ll see about that you soggy sorcerer”
Joseph charged through the front doors, only to stop when he was in the middle of the entrance because of… well… the ambush. 
He realized that there were additional attack units when he saw four rifles, three swords, and a scepter all pointed at him. 
Joseph couldn’t react fast enough for all of the direct attacks. He was careless, now he has to deal with it, “Damn it!”
Joseph turned into water as fast as he could, to try and avoid all direct damage, the blades went through him just fine, the bullets on the other hand stuck in him, causing blue blood to fall from the water. Blessed Bullets.

“Leave him alone!” A familiar voice yelled after a loud crash from above.
Joseph looked up and saw that Spike had broken through the ceiling and made a large enough wave of fire to wipe them out.
Thankfully Joseph was already water, otherwise he’d of started baking.

When Spike landed he turned to Joseph, who was no longer a puddle. “Listen,” Spike started, “I’m sure you know why I’m saying this, but we can’t risk the safety of the public for a moment. We need to use the escape floors, because that’s the best way for some other guild to notice things and send help.”
“Why can’t we just take the easier approach of going out the front doors?” Joseph asked,  “That sounds so much easier”
“I agree, however...” Spike started to think for a brief second, “If this is him saying hello then he has hoards of other members waiting closeby outside. We called that unit the ‘Hounds’, and yes, they are for hunting.”
“So they’d pick off anyone escaping,” Joseph realized how fortunate he was that he was now on the inside. “So I almost-”
“Yes, much like the entire city will be,” Spike grimly told him, “That’s why I had to break the barrier quickly, needless to say they’ve already surrounded us. I wouldn’t be surprised if the Hounds were done attacking the local guild.” Thankfully we just broke the barrier, it should be coming back on here soonish”
“So that’s why up is our best bet” Joseph said taking a calming breath, “I’ll make sure that everyone stays safe”
“Shae too,” Spike smiled, “It’d be awkward going home without her. Anyhow,” He turned away and started running, “I’ve got more work to do!”
Joseph had felt relieved that it was Spike who helped him, but… 
He didn’t notice something until Spike was running, but Spike was leaving a dark trail of black demon blood behind him.

“Focus Joseph!” He told himself slapping his face, regaining his senses he turned to the doors to the stage, “Shae, I’m coming in!”
“G-good!” She said in pain, “Listen, surround the public from the falling debris from above” She said as Joseph opened the Stage doors.
He saw why she said that, There was a big bubble of destrucktion magick protecting the crowd from bits of the ceiling, and a few floors above it too.
Inside Shae was being pushed to her limits as three separate assailants relentlessly kept attacking her. Not missing a beat, Joseph placed a bubble around Shae’s to protect everyone from the huge mess “I’ve got the debris!” he yelled.
“Beautiful” Shae said dismissing her energy, allowing her to properly concentrate on her battle.
Almost instantly, Shae was moving much faster, and hitting much harder.
___________________________________________________________________________________

“Allow me to entertain you three then” 
Shae noticed it a little too late, but there was a large dragon energy signature above the stage. A bomb of pure Destrucktion Magick Fueled by Dragon Energy, which was released from a few floors above. A Xenaphi bomb.
She knew whose signature it was, Spike told her. Shae ran from the green room backstage directly through a wall she blasted open to reach the main stage, “EVERYONE GET DOWN!”
Once on stage, Shae shot her hands out and surrounded the crowd with a barrier of destrucktion magick as large parts of the hotel came crashing down.
“Where are my manners?” The voice laughed, “I’m-”
“Close by” Spike said over the intercoms in an adorably menacing tone, “Your encryption sucks. Shae keep the public safe, and out of this. Joseph get your ass in here now, Understood?”
“The game begins” A sinister new voice said before vanishing, but… she couldn’t help but realize how familiar he sounded to Spike.
Shae stopped paying attention to her Virtua System because she felt six terrifyingly powerful enemies nearby. She looked out into the crowd and saw the six assailants rapidly approach her.
“I want to have fun, because right now-” Shae heard while trying to multitask, She used whatever remaining free energy she had left into her personal armor and herself, to defend herself. “I’m playing with ‘Spike’”
“Fuck yourself” Spike growled, “Both of you”
“Why don’t you try and find me?” The voice laughed
“Spike!” Shae said, desperately looking for any sort of opening to take out some of these monsters, “I’m pinned down!”
“Spike, they put a barrier up!” Joseph yelled as the sounds of attacks bounced off the barrier. “I can’t break it!” he said still attacking, “The generator is on the roof!”
“Hmmm, I see three options” The voice piped in. “What will you do ‘Spike’?
“Go with option fucking four!” Spike yelled.

“So this is the infamous Shae Strox?” One of the goons yelled attacking her, “I was expecting more from a pedigree monster!”
“Oh trust me” She said side stepping into the attack, she grabbed his head and smiled, “I am quite the monster”
In a split second after making contact, Shae caused his skull to implode.
She realized a little too late, but the five remaining goons were all getting ready to attack. They sacrificed him to get a shot at analysing Shae. She closed her eyes to concentrate on her assailants.
Instantly she knew her enemies locations, movements, and their attacks.
Going with the least amount of damage, She charged through the attacking golem in front of her. With a simple side-step she was able to deliver a cracking blow to one of it’s rib cages, and taking out a good chunk of their body.
She sensed the two sharpshooters take shots at her, one aiming for her head, the other her heart. Choosing the less damaging approach, she chose to duck under the head shot, and watch her armor crack with the other bullet.
“What the flux!?” Shae said unable to bring that armor back in which time, the golem was already on the swing of his next punch, directly hitting Shae and sending her flying back into a wall.
“Spike!” Shae said breathing heavily as she watched her assailants gather around her, “I need help! They have goons in here! Strong ones at that” she hated admitting it, She stood up and gathered her senses. Then readied herself and launched an attack herself, this time landing a crumbling blow to the golem.
“Give me a few seconds!” Spike told her as she could hear him launch an attack, “Joseph’s about to be let-” 
Gunshots cut off Spike’s communications.

“Spike!?” Shae screeched in horror from the silence
In that time a brawler got in close to Shae and she was decked in the face, snapping her back to her into the fight.
“How dare you!” She yelled as she pointed a finger at the brawler, with a single motion, she shot a deadly beam of energy.
He managed to easily dodge it, scoffing he asked, “Is that the best shot you can take at me?”
“Sorry about that guys!” Spike said, “I had to cook some Popcorn”
“Who said I was aiming at you?” As a smile returned to her face, “You just lost a sharpshooter” as she started dodging the new wave of attacks. 
With diminishing results after each new wave, she had limited time left.

“Spike!” Joseph yelled, “You have two attack teams approaching you from both sides” He reported
“Damn!” Spike yelled as Shae was trying her best to dodge each new attack, “Joseph, I’ll keep these guys busy, Help Shae keep the public safe!” There was a slight hesitation before Spike spoke up again, “Shae if you die, I’ll be highly disappointed in you” He said as she felt herself smile
“Likewise Spike” She huffed as she doing her best imitation of a ballet dancer, dodging attacks and landing counters. Fueled by Spike’s loving encouragement she kept pushing through her limits.
“Joseph after you all are secured, take everyone to the escape floors” He instructed, “I’ll prime the thing, so let me know the moment you and Shae get on. That way-” 

Spike was silenced by the sound of gunshots, followed by a death rattle of a Virtua System. “SPIKE!?” Shae screamed as she froze in complete terror, Spike… Spike could of been… he could be-
She was welcomed back to reality with a kick directly to her head.
“How distracting,” The brawler said grabbing Shae by the arm, to throw her against the wall of her own barrier, “I think things are going to be fun since you’re clearly slowing down.”
Shae realized that her shoulder was out of it’s socket, her skull was fractured, and she was in a daze.
“Oh look at that, they’re all having fun playing,” The voice said, “Don’t worry, about a dozen people have called for the guild already, it’s too bad they’re having a little problem of their own” the voice laughed.
Shae stood up, leaning against the wall behind her. She gathered her senses and prepared herself for round two. She popped her shoulder back in place and took a breath, she had been careless. Now, it was time to get mad.
“Shut the hell up!” Joseph yelled, “We’re going to make you regret this!”
Shae muttered to herself powering up, she could definitely last until backup made it, a silent rage was pushing her forward. 

“Shae, I’m coming in!”
“G-good!” She said in pain recoiling from a punch to the ribs, “Listen surround the public from the falling debris from above” She said as Joseph opened the Stage doors.
Instantly she felt Joseph surround her barrier with one of his big bubbles.
“I’ve got the debris!” Joseph yelled.
“Beautiful” Shae smiled dismissing her energy, and was given a second wind, she was back to her full asskicking capactity.  
She made quite quick work of those three who were remaining. A wrathful beating, one which none of them would live to regret. 
.

“Joseph, do you still have your virtua system in one piece?” Shae asked as they had hereded the general public up the stairs. She was bruised and broken in several places, but was fine otherwise. Joseph was still bleeding from his gunshot wounds, elemental self-recovery wasn’t enough to heal cursed/blessed wounds.
“Yes, what do you want me to do?” He asked.
“Use yours to keep an eye on how many people we have left to go before take off” She instructed, “I’m going to plug in and see what’s going on outside.”
Shae pressed a button and felt a sharp pain from her wrist, the needle was now feeding from her energy to bring up a detailed map. All energies in and around the building were on her screen, “What do you see boss?” Joseph asked
“Weeeelllll” She started, “A few things.”
“Is Spike alright?” He asked concerned
“Yes” She told him, she checked on him first anyhow, “He left a trail of bodies behind him, but he’s now just finished off the guards at the launch room.”
“Good,” Joseph said with a sigh of relief, “We’ll be able to get these people to safety, I’m sure we can hold out in there just fine.”
“Maybe,” She smiled, “But there’s a surprisingly large number of targets positioned around the building outside.”
“Hounds” Joseph realized, “He wasn’t lying”
“Spike wouldn’t lie about this stuff” Shae said looking at her Virtua System, “He’d lie and say that he’d wait for us to come get him after we finish loading passengers. In addition… There’s one powerful baddy in the basement” She sighed, “Spike’s going down there, I just know it”
“True” Joseph smiled, “He’s so predictable”
At that moment they could feel the top of the building start to shake violently, the two top floors were the escape floor… well. More like lavish escape pod, but with enough room for everyone.
“Speaking of which… ”
__________________________________________________________________________________

“Allow me to entertain you three then”
Spike didn’t waste anytime, he started thinking.

‘Who could crack VS security?!’
‘There was a raid on one Virtua System container, maybe there was a different raid that was successful’
‘Who would do that though?’
‘Does it matter?’
“No”, Spike opened his eyes and went to work.

He focused on his Virtua System, he pressed a sequence of buttons to show an interesting signal coming from the basement.
“Where are my manners?” The voice laughed, thoroughly annoying Spike, “I’m-” not important, Spike smiled
“Close by” He said feeling a slight sense of Bloodlust, “Your encryption sucks. Shae keep the public safe, and out of this. Joseph get your ass in here now, Understood?” Spike was about to act, until-
“The game begins” A familiar voice said over the Virtual System.

At that moment, all of Spike’s rational thoughts ceased to be, and all that he could see turned to red when hearing those words. He locked into place. He instantly knew this wasn’t about their clients, they were aiming for Spike. 
That voice instantly made his blood boil. 

‘He’s close by. 
That quality was clearly a short range signal. 
The bastad’s on the planet!
Why now?!
He’s fucking with me
Duh, but why now?
Well I think that’s pretty obvious
This is the first mission I’ve been on since the broadcast
Well, shit. This is my fault.

Wait, something still doesn’t add up.
You’re right, somethings are just too…
Convenient!
Of course, why didn’t I question it sooner?
The Virtua Systems that are normally viewed as an unhackable
Were hacked, dear old dad is probably the only one capable of doing that.
Wait! The robbery that Priscilla and Joseph Stopped were Frusciante goons!
No, they wouldn’t have taken them alive, not to mention they would of-
Used a mule transmitter… wait.

They didn’t tell me any details on purpose
For obvious reasons
Yes, but that’s not the point.
If we knew dear old dad had an interest in VSs… 
Unless…
He wasn’t.
Fucking hell!
They weren’t unintentionally sent there!
Did he know that it was them!?
Not the time, but… 
I… I think it’s time for that course of action
I think that it’s time we ignore the rules too-”

Spike snapped back to reality when he felt several sharp pains in his ribs, he looked behind him and saw a sharpshooter. Crouched behind Spike,
“Die” Spike said instantly throwing an inferno at the grunt.
Spike crouched and took cover against the wall closest to him, turned to fire, and started to send an SOS.
He used his Virtua System, he needed to send a message to his Captain. Opening the messaging system, he typed the message:
‘Captain, we’re in serious trouble! This is not a joke, we’re being attacked by a Frusciante squadron! Send for back up, but not on this planet because they’re probably already dead. Things are going to get messy, so please hurry up!’ -Sent

“I want to have fun, because right now” Spike heard coming back to his senses, “I’m playing with, ‘Spike’”
“Fuck yourself” Spike growled as his energy grew exponentially, “Both of you!” He said taking off to a window, Spike felt a barrier form outside, with Joseph on the wrong end. He needed to break it before the Hounds showed up.
“Why don’t you try and find me?” The voice taunted him
“Spike!” Shae said while the sounds of yelling could be heard in her background, “I’m pinned down here!”
Spike’s temper vanished with those words, his hearts skipped a beat hearing her in fear, he froze. Six or seven Sleeping Giants were going to attack.

“Spike they put up a barrier!” Spike started to run again, as fast as he could to a window, only with one problem. Two approaching attack teams. “I can’t break it! The Generator is on the roof!”
“Hmm, three options” The voice gloated, “What will you do ‘Spike’?”
“Go with option fucking four!” Spike yelled as he readied his hands to attack the barrier, punching right through the window.
He couldn’t hear Joseph, but he saw him attacking the barrier.

“There you are!” Spike heard the voice say, “Party time!”
“Spike!” Shae said breathing heavily, “I need help! They have goons in here! Strong ones at that!”
“Give me a few seconds!” Spike said turning up the heat, “Joseph’s about to be-” He was cut off
He felt three sharp piercing bullets amongst the barrage of normal bullets, the attack team that was behind them had set up behind Spike,
“Fuck off!” Spike said using his free hand to send that hallway up in flames.
Spike looked down and saw his gunshot wounds, there was smoke coming from each side of the entrance and exits of each.
“Fucking blessed bullets!” Spike said in pain as he tried to heal himself, with no success, he could smell the scent of something burning. Himself. “He always hated the fact those worked so well on me” He muttered to himself
“Sorry about that guys!” Spike said masking his pain, “I had to cook some popcorn” He turned his attention back to the barrier, and blasted it at full atmospheric destructive power.

Thankfully, the barrier broke rather quickly, “I’m coming in!” He heard Joseph yell as he made his way in. Spike felt the two squads closing in, “Spike, you have two attack teams approaching from both sides!”
“Damn it!” Spike yelled, he extended both arms down each side and blasted them with fire, this time it took a little bit to work. He was using a lot of energy, “Joseph, I’ll keep these guys busy. Help Shae keep the public safe!” 

Spike felt his heartstrings tighten thinking about Shae, “Shae if you die, I’ll be highly disappointed in you” Spike said in lieu of ‘I love you, stay safe’.
“Likewise Spike” Shae huffed

Spike stopped the fire because the first wave was turned to ash, he took a moment to catch his breath. “Joseph after you all are secured, take everyone to the escape floors. I’ll prime the thing, so let me know the moment you and Shae get on. That way-”
The scout of the second wave decided to say hello by  shooting Spike’s virtua system, with an energy bullet going straight through his wrist to boot.

Spike was surrounded, to his right, left, and the hallway behind him all had attack teams. So he did the only logical thing, he jumped upwards.
“The launch room is on the fifteenth floor, so if I can-” Spike stopped talking when he felt something stupid, Joseph was running right through the front doors, to be blindsided by the team guarding the doors.
“Damn it Joseph!” Spike said changing his trajectory, this time  downwards. He gathered a large ball of fire on his way down, he didn’t have much time.
Breaking the last floor before the lobby, Spike made his grand entrance. He swung down launching the fire tailing him and yelled, “Leave him alone!” 
Flawless crispy victory

Spike landed and turned to Joseph, “Listen, I’m sure you know why I’m saying this, but we can’t risk the safety of the public for a moment. We need to use the escape floors, because that’s the best way for some other guild to notice things and send help”
“Why can’t we just take the easier approach of going out the front doors?” Joseph asked,  “That sounds so much easier”
“I agree, however...” Spike started to think

‘It’s him, he’s outside leading the hounds.
He’s watching us struggle
Let’s take him out! He’s right outside!
No, Shae and Joseph need me, far more than I need to rush into a death trap. He’s not going to die anytime soon 
And I doubt he’ll let us die anytime soon too.
Then how about I stick with the plan?
Is that wise? He’s there, so this clearly isn’t going to end well.
Well, hopefully Priscilla already sent for help.
True, that’s going to help the civilians, and Joseph with Shae.
Shae and Joseph need to get out of harm’s way, at any cost.
Agreed

“If this is him saying hello then he has hoards of other members waiting closeby outside. We called that unit the ‘Hounds’, and yes, they are for hunting. Hunting dangerous beasts.” Spike told him
“So they’d pick off anyone escaping” Joseph realized how fortunate he was that he was now on the inside. “So I almost-”
“Yes” Spike told him, “That’s why I had to break the barrier so quickly, needless to say they’ve already surrounded us. I wouldn’t be surprised if the Hounds were done attacking the local guild”
“So that’s why up is our best bet” Joseph said taking a calming breath, “I’ll make sure that everyone stays safe.”
“Shae too” Spike smiled, “It’d be awkward going home without her. Anyhow,” Spike turned away and started running, “I’ve got more work to do!”

Spike ran to the one place where he could take a rest, he went to the elevator. He hit the call button and the doors opened, he noticed that he left a good sized bloody handprint on the buttons. 
He hit the button for the fifteenth floor, and he collapsed inside. He sat with his back against the wall opposite the door.
“It’s such an obvious a trap” Spike smiled, “I’ll be ignored” 
He closed his eyes and started to breathe calmly, he started to scan the fifteenth floor. It had a shix ton of guards, but no one was powerful enough to worry him. He needed to prime the ship asap.

“Well damn” Spike groaned exhausted as he finally opened the doors, he saw both of the members in the launch room with their heads blown clean off. 
Spike made his way to the console and started the escape floor’s launch sequence. By now most of  the civilians should be on their way to the escape floor, he was just waiting for the que from Joseph or Shae from the escape floor.
He moved one of the dead bodies off a chair, sat down on it and started resting. He might as well use this time to recuperate.

“Hey, you’re blinking” Marcy pointed out
Marcy and Priscilla were currently sitting down for lunch, Priscilla had to do some follow-up about the whole space pirate mess. Of course Marcy got wind and they met for lunch. 
“So I am” Priscilla said closing her eyes. She checked the sender to see if she could ignore it.
“Who is it?” Marcy asked in between bites of a spicy Goasi
“It’s just Spike” Priscilla said, “I can ignore it”
“Really?” Marcy asked apprehensively
“Yeah, Spike has a tendency to send stupid messages” She told Marcy, “Besides, if it were anything major, the other two would leave me a message”

“Spike!” Spike’s eyes shot open. 
Spike finally admitted to himself that he wasn’t feeling too good anymore. He looked at the screen and saw that Joseph was with a large crowd of people on the escape floors, “We’re all in here! Now after these people get set in, one of us will come back to help you-”
“Nope” Spike said hitting the big red launch button, “Joseph, you two stay far away from this planet. Things are going to get ugly.”
“Spike!? What the hell-” He was cut off by Spike blasting the monitor with a fireball, activating a fire failsafe that just kicked in and extinguished the fire. There was a new casing that protected most of the circuitry that was still needed to launch the Escape Floors. 
They were now safe and gone, “Stay safe you two” Spike said leaning over the launch board, “I’m sure you’ll both be fine”

“How rude!” a comforting voice caught Spike’s attention. 
He turned around and saw Shae grinning in the doorway, “You didn’t even say goodbye to me”, smiling she sat down in the closest chair to her.
“Oh I’m sure you’d be alright,” Spike said practically running to Shae, when he got to her he instantly put on a smile, “I can’t tell you how relieved I am that you outsmarted me” He said, “But what about Jo-”
“I decided to come get you myself.” She smiled, “I told him that I’m better suited to handle your stubborn ass than he is.”
“S-so then-” Spike realized it
“Yes” Shae smiled warmly, opening her arms she said “It’s just you and me”
“Shae!” He said as Shae caught him while he was falling forward onto her, “I-I’m so sorry.” he said weakly
“Spike, what’s wrong?” She asked before she got her answer, her hand was now coated with black blood. “What’s wrong!?” she asked with terror.
“I’m… I’m hurt” Spike said somberly, “I… I was careless, arrogant, and most of all, stupid. I’m… I’m sorry Shae.”
“Yes” She told him with tears welling up, “You certainly are all of those things, but-” She moved so that she could smile so that Spike could see it, “You’re in good company” She painfully leaned down and kissed Spike “Remember what I promised you, waaay back when. Don’t do anything stupid by yourself.” Shae said placing her hand on Spike’s cheek, “I’m here too, let’s do something stupid together”
“You really know how to make me cry like a little bitch” Spike smiled as tears welled up in his eyes, “Don’t you?”
“Of course” she said giving him one more kiss, “It’s one of my greatest talents after all~” Spike didn’t say anything at first, he just smiled. Her kisses weren’t magickal, but he felt so much better after each one. 
“I was so worried about you” He finally told her wrapping his arms around her. “Even though I knew you’d handle things, I… I just…”
“I know” She smiled and hugged Spike, “I felt the same about you”

“Alright, so enough of this mushy crap” Shae giggled, “How shall we proceed my dear Tactician? Our target is in the basement.”
“Hmmm…” Spike said standing up, “Well it’s obvious that we’d be walking into a trap on our way down to talk to whoever it was from earlier”
“Curses?” Shae asked, “My Virtua System didn’t show any other energy signs down there aside from the bitch-boss. Or are we talking traps?”
“Both” Spike said, he turned towards to the door, “So we might as well get-”
“Hold it right there” Shae said while grabbing Spike’s tailcoat, “I’m not letting you go anywhere while you’re still bleeding like a stuck beholder.”
“I definitely didn’t just sleep when I got here” Spike said looking around the room, “So it’s no surprise that I’m not aware of anything that may help us in here.”
“Well, why don’t we try to find their infirmary?” Shae asked Spike
“Well…” Spike thought for a moment, “Sure, but… before I go anywhere” 
He turned back to Shae, “Shae, I need you to do something for me. I know things didn’t end so well the last time that you tried, but, please.” 
Spike lifted his tail coat, Shae saw several bullet wounds, but about half of them were still bleeding, there was smoke coming out with the blood as it flowed outward. “I need you to help me with these ASAP”
“Blessed bullets!” Shae said with a gasp, “So you want me to try healing you again?” She asked nervously, “Last time I nearly blew your arm off, and that’s when I was in good shape. White Magick always hurts like a glitch too… S-spike… what if I mess up again and really hurt you?”
“Shae, shae, shae” Spike smiled at her, “I think you forgot one big detail”
“Big detail?” She asked confused looking to Spike.
“Yupp, it’s quite obvious too” He teased, he reached out and placed one of Shae’s hands on to his torso, “I believe in you”
Shae blushed when she heard that, “Y-you dork” she stammered as she started healing him.
“Maybe” Spike grinned, “But I’m your dork”
“Forever?” She asked while focusing with a big dopey smile.
“I don’t think the universe can handle us living forever” Spike winced as Shae continued healing him, “But I’m not planning on going anywhere”
“S-spike” She said caught off guard, “I’m going to hold you to that”
“Hmmm, only if I can hold you against the wall later” he chuckled
“I would expect nothing less of you” Shae said happily, at that moment several oricalcum bullets fell out of Spike, “You know, I think I’m done with the blessed wounds” she stopped healing Spike, and started wiping off the thick black blood on her hands.
“Thank you babe” Spike said putting his tailcoat back down, “Alright, to the infirmary. Because you need something for your broken and shattered bits in you.” He said with his shit-eating grin.
“I really can’t hide anything from you, can I?” She asked slightly embarrassed, “Fine, but you’re getting treated too” She told Spike.

“Soooo” Shae started as soon as the elevator doors opened, there was a long tunnel from the elevator to the ‘Weather Bunker’, “I think that it’s gonna suck if we actually try to walk normally”
“What do you suggest?” Spike asked looking at the hallway, “I can see at least fifteen traps already”
“Damn, I can’t” Shae said surprised, “Do you see anything that could rid us of my Magickal Armor?”
“No” Spike smiled, “All these traps seem to be highly effective against fire elementalists, a few for demons too. None for dragons though, weird.”
“Can you imagine if Joseph came down here?” Shae giggled, “He probably could trip each and every last one of them and walk away unscathed”
“You could as well” Spike said, “But i’d love to have my big bubble of me space, that definently can’t be popped”
“What am I? Just someone to blow you?” She winked at him.

Spike stopped for a moment, all to change his demeanor, “Shae, would you look up something for me?” 
“Sure” She responded, “On my Virtua System I take it?”
“Yes”, Spike said shooting a large fireball down the hallway, triggering at least a dozen traps. “There’s more than likely a vast number of enemies outside by now” He started as he launched another one, to see if anything new happened. “They’re the clean up crew”
“Hounds, right?” Shae said pressing buttons on her virtua system, “I think I remember you telling me that term last year”
“Yes, are they anything we can’t handle?” Spike asked

“Hmmm, by sheer power? No. By sheer numbers? Dear lord yes. However I think we just got super lucky”
“Did the hotel’s barrier reploy?” Spike asked already knowing
“Correct” Shae smiled, “It’s a good thing you just broke the barrier”
“Please, I know what I’m doing, I am a professional after. Though…” Spike trailed off thinking about something.
“If him or that detestable sword are still on the planet, they’d have no problem taking down the barrier. So we still should hurry. Anyhow,” Spike said, he extended his arm toward the hallway, “I do believe the term is, ladies first”
“How chivalrous” Shae said snapping her fingers and armor appeared all around Spike and Shae, “But how about a race?” She smiled, “Winner gets to kill the bastad. How’s that sound?”
“It sounds like I’m falling deeper in love with you by the day” Spike swooned, “But do you want a head start? Running is something that I can actually do competently. Consistently no less.”
“Give me a five second head start” she smiled as she ran down the hallway, tripping several traps along the way.

“Damn!” Shae yelled as she reached the door finally, where Spike was already waiting there for her, “How are you so damn fast?!”
“I dunno, maybe my mom was a speed demon?” He managed to say without laughing, he looked to Shae and saw that she cringed with that one
“Remind me to repay that pun later” She said lightly punching Spike’s arm.
“Are you ready?” Spike asked turning to the door, “there’s no telling who’s waiting on the other side”
“Spike… Do you think it’s him?” Shae asked
“No” He said simply, “I’d recognise his energy instantly. The only perk of being that bastad’s offspring.”
“Well, I can’t wait until that showdown, and you better use a good one-liner to finish him off!” She smiled putting her hand on the door, “On three”

One, Two,Three!

Shae shot the door straight forward, allowing a clear view of the room.
There were a few security guards’ bodies on the floor, but at the far end of the room was a man sitting behind a table. Like any cliche villain.
There was a wall of monitors beside him, all turned off.
“Well, well, well” He said, they both recognised his voice from before “Look at who finally joined the party”
“Party? Damn, I should've bought snacks” Spike smiled, “I don’t care what your name is, but as a Mage of The Order, I hereby place you under arrest”
“Please, give us a reason to beat the shix out of you” Shae grinned as she put a defensive barrier around Spike and herself.
“Oh, well, this is a nice surprise. You brought a friend, your father thought you’d be down here by yourself. But,” He grinned, “I have no intention of fighting. Never did” He told them, “I’d lose in a heartbeat”
“Wow, how disappointing” Spike said, “Now then, you’ve got a few questions to answer.” He said walking forward, “First and foremost-”
“First and foremost, where is the new HQ?” He asked smiling, “I don’t have any idea, I’m just a Hoii.”
“Hoii?” Shae asked, “Is that a title, or rank?
“Both” He said, “But to make a long story short, I’m not trusted with any pertinent information” 
“He’s right, essentially he’s a middle-man commander between the family members” Spike said, “Alright next question-”
“I don’t think you’re going to be asking the right questions” He smiled stopping Spike, “Your father told me you’re a bit slow, and that I should help you find the proper answers.”
Spike didn’t say anything, all he did was ‘focus’. With blazing eyes, and demonic energy arcing through him, he started walking towards the man.
“Spike, don’t” Shae said putting her hand on his shoulder, “He’s egging you on” She sighed, “and it’s working you little bitch”

Spike stopped when he heard that, he was silent for a moment, before he reverted back to normal. “Thank you Vice Captain.”
“It’s my job to look over your sorry butt” She told him with an additional pat on the shoulder, “So, let me address something. I think that you’re not in a decent position to take the lead on this one. Let me act like a manager for once” she chuckled
“... thank you Shae” Spike smiled and took a breath.
“How touching” The man snickered, “Letting your boyfriend take over”
“Well, considering that my ‘boyfriend’ could kick Bloodwing’s ass one hundred times over, and still have enough energy to beat me like a little bitch, I think you should be far more afraid of her than of myself” Spike smiled widely, “Let’s find out if I’m right, shall we?”

“Sounds like a good time” He sneered, “But I think I have something that might actually kick this party off” He snapped his fingers and a chest dropped down from the ceiling. “Consider that my party gift”
A large blue chest was sitting in front of the two. It had a white gold trim, and gold latches. Overall, it was quite gaudy.
“Do you honestly expect us to open this shit?” Spike asked facetiously, “nah, man. I know what a Xenaphi bomb is, I helped create it.”
“If it were the case, I’d open it right now” He chuckled.
“Behemoth-shit!” Spike said, “Shae, can you put a condom around it?”
“Righto” She said enveloping the chest, “The dirty dick has been coated.”
“All of this behavior is insulting” The man said coldly, “I gave you a present, one that I think you love” 
“Do you wanna open it, or should I?” Shae asked. “Personally, I think that I should open it, any elemental, demon, or dragon based traps wouldn’t trigger.”
“Agreed”
“You’re aware that things might be time sensitive?” He said with complete snarkiness, “What if it’s a new puppy? I didn’t see any air holes on the chest.”
“Fuck off” Spike said before he looked over at Shae, “I’m ready Vice Captain” Spike told her.
“Understood” Shae said taking a knee, she unlatched the chest, and opened it up a little at first, just enough to look into. She lifted the lid, there was a golden remote control sitting on an obvious false blue bottom.

“What’s this?” Spike said as Shae handed the remote to him.
“Wow, he was right. You are slow” He chuckled, “That’s a remote control to something. Now, what is operated by a remote?”
“Your butt-plug?” Spike said pressing the power button.
“I’m opening the bottom part of this chest, it’s oricalcum so I’ll have to lift it” She said as she started to lift the false bottom slowly, and very cautiously.
When Spike hit the power button, all the monitors turned on. There were three feeds that popped up on the monitors.

The first was the inside of a guild house, dead bodies were decorating the floor, blood was everywhere, there were fires in several locations, and there were masked and armored hounds sporting various magickal weapons.
The second batch of feeds showcased an even worse sight. 
All throughout the capital were rounded up piles of corpses surrounded by armed men. Hounds. The locations differed, but there was always a large flaming pile of bodies surrounded by a squadron.
The third was the weird one, all it was was one screen of the outside of the Escape Floors in space. It wasn’t like the others where there were multiple different shots of the same thing, it wasn’t anything aside from a single view from the outside. 

“Well, it’s nice to know I was right” Spike said with a smirk, “So what? You’re telling me that I did a fantastic job getting everyone out of here?”
“Not quite” He laughed. 
There were two loud noises right in a row, the first was the oricalcum false bottom hitting the ground. Then a sound Spike wasn’t expecting, Shae screamed in terror. “Shae!” Spike said turning back to her, only to see what terrified her.

In the chest there was a good puddle of blue blood forming at the bottom, all from the present that was inside.  His uniform was completely coated by his blood. Spike and Shae were horrified as they looked down at a broken Joseph. It looked like he was sent through a meat grinder.
.
“Showtime” He said pressing a button.
“What the hell is this!?” Shae asked appalled looking down at the nearly dead Joseph in the box. She leaned down and checked for his vitals, “Spike he’s still alive! He’s-”
“I think you two might want to look up at the monitors” He said cutting them off, “The show is about to begin.”
They both turned to the monitors, to see what was going on.

The first feed of the guild house was the first to show signs of change. The hounds in the guild had accelerated the fire, all feeds were showing the building in a blazing inferno. There was only one room left unburnt, the main lobby.
The two saw the beginning of the madness as the fire slowly engulfed the lobby, as all the hounds sat down in the fire.Each and every hound started burning alive.
The second feed was very familiar in theme. All the hounds started burning the corpses before shooting themselves, leaving an army of dead bodies around the capital. 

Leaving one last feed.

“You know there was an escape rocket completely unguarded in space,” He started to laugh, “We merely did the most predictable action!” The escape floors soon detonated, blown up by pure dragon energy bomb. 
Bloodwing’s signature

“N-no” Spike said aghast, “why-”
“Never play a losing game” he said, Spike and Shae looked over to see the man with a gun next to his head, “This is him saying hello Junior.” 
He laughed as he shot himself in the head. Instantly killing himself as well as adding a spray of bright green blood on to the wall behind him.

Spike collapsed to his knees after he saw everything unfold, tears instantly started flowing down his face. “It’s... my fault… this is all my fault!” Spike said breaking down into hysterics, “I had to be cocky and call him out publicly! Now they’re all dead, all because of my fucking ego!”
“DAMMIT!” Shae yelled in horror of all the death, before regaining a temporary calm-ish mind.   
Shae turned back to Spike, he needed her. Right now. “All those people… Spike… don’t blame yourself-” she didn’t get the chance to finish.
“I… I lost” Spike choked out. “All those people, the guild, the civilians, I failed all of them! All because…  because he beat me! I lost my goddamn concentration for one second when I heard that bastard’s voice! I lost, because he played me like a goddamn fool!!!” He yelled punching the ground. “I lost…”
“No!” Shae said collapsing next to Spike, “Spike, we lost!” She told him as she started crying, “I’m sorry Spike. We lost today, and I was a part of that as well. If I would have stayed aboard the ship and let Joseph come down here then… we could have saved the escape pod, but I was too afraid of losing you! I’m sorry I didn’t listen, I’m a fail-”
Spike didn’t say anything, all he did was wrap his arms around Shae, each of them using the other’s shoulder to cry into.

“We… we lost today” Spike admitted, “After we mourn, we can look towards the future and win the next time.”
“Thank you” Shae said as she continued crying, “I’m just a failure as your Vice Captain, I should have taken better care of you!” She said as hysterical crying soon set in for both of them, “I’m sorry I failed you Spike!”
“You did no such thing” Spike told her, “You’re the one and only Shae Strox, the only woman that I love with my entire being. You’re not a failure, and you’ll never be a failure in my eyes.”
As touching as that may have been, neither of them were smiling now.

Mission Results: FUBAR
Rank: N/A
Dispatch: All from Civil Distortion
Spike Frusciante/Hibachi Man: Fire Mage: Hospitalized
Shae Strox: Destrucktion Mage, Vice-Captain: Hospitalized
Joseph Glixor: Water Mage: ICU.
Damages: Redacted
Report : Spike The Fire Mage, Shae Strox The Destrucktion Mage, and Joseph Glixor the Water Mage all from The Guild Civil Distortion were hospitalized. Engineer Joseph Glixor was unresponsive when he was brought in, transported to the ICU.

“Vice captain Strox, Tactician Spike Frusciante, and Engineer Glixor were all admitted to the hospital on the planet Parado Palaula. We’ve been told that Engineer Glixor was sent instantly into the ICU”
“The guild Civil Distortion survived a full onslaught of a vendetta attack from the nefarious criminal syndication ‘The Frusciante Family’, for those of you wondering, yes that was Spike’s former syndicate.
The status of all of these mages is relieving to hear. The local guild was annihilated by members of the mob, and the guild hall was burnt to the ground.
Not only that, but everyone in the capital was murdered. The search is just getting started, but we’ve seen the numbers and we’re already into the millions of fatalities.
 As a point to note, the census indicates that the capital had three million four hundred thirty three thousand five hundred and thirty two citizens living there. Not including anyone who may have been there on work or for the competition.
The three survivors of the attack all belonged to the guild, ‘Civil Distortion’, headed by Captain Priscilla Mokolov, the former Voyager known as ‘The Walking Immunity’. We have yet to hear from her regarding why she wasn’t present on a mission that was tasked to the entire guild.
In addition…”
The anchor continued her story, all the while Priscilla looked on in horror. 
She finally decided to open Spike’s message.

‘Captain, we’re in serious trouble! This is not a joke, we’re being attacked by a Frusciante squadron! Send for back up, not on this planet, they’re probably already dead. Things are going to get messy, so please hurry up!’ 
-Read xx/xx/xxxxx
“Oh dear science” She said in complete horror, “What have I done?


Chapter 6: 
Fallout 

“What the hell do you mean you ignored my message!” Spike yelled directly in Priscilla’s face.
Currently, Shae, Spike, and Priscilla were in a hospital room. Shae and Spike were in one of the Order’s reserved suites. They wanted to make sure that they were rewarded for their vigilance. 

Shae was laying in her bed, all those broken bones, strong kicks, and punches made her body pretty broken from the inside out. Thankfully she was already healing, but she couldn’t help but dread the P.T. that she had in a couple hours. Thankfully, Spike had been there for her during her therapy, helping her in more ways than just one.
Make no mistake though, she was equally involved in the conversation, even if she winced every once in a while whenever she moved.
Spike on the other hand marched up to their captain, and his hair turned into raging flames of fury.  He had been physically damaged the least, despite the fact he was below dangerously low levels of blood. So he was one hundred percent, physically. Blood wise, he’d be recovering for a few months longer.
Priscilla cowered when Spike stopped in front of her. See, she had just stopped by to see how they were doing… Five days later.

“I-I-” She stuttered, her lights were now blinking yellow, she was afraid.
“Please go on” Shae said bitterly, “What could have possibly been your reason to IGNORE A MESSAGE FROM YOUR GUILD MEMBER!?”
“S-shae”, She said shakily, “I’m so sorry.”
“You certainly are,” She growled, “I don’t plan on accepting any apology before Joseph comes to!”
“Neither do I” Spike said with his eyes changing. Glaring at Priscilla.
“S-spike, p-please” She was cut off.
“Please, what?!” He barked “I’ll echo my competent VC, and ask you what do you possibly have to say for yourself!?”

“Spike, take a step back” Shae told him, “Don’t needlessly antagonize her.”
“You think this is needless?” He asked taking a step back.
“Just wait for her to actually say something” Shae said glaring towards Priscilla, “Let her dig her own grave.”
“Build her own junk-pile I think you mean” Spike retorted
“Bingo” Shae said, “Spike, another step”
“Yes Vice Captain Strox” He said taking another step back, Shae noticed that Priscilla’s lights stopped blinking and it was a solid yellow.
“Now, Spike, remain silent until she completely answers” Shae instructed, “Please, as a favor to me Spike.”
Spike groaned, but took a deep breath afterwards. “Certainly Shae”.
“Thank you” She told him, “Now for you!”
Priscilla almost shot straight up when Shae said that.

“Tell us exactly why you ignored a message from Spike, while we’re on an active mission?” She asked, “One you were technically supposed to be on!”
Priscilla remained silent for a few moments, “I… I thought that it was just Spike sending a pointless message.”
She didn’t see it, but after she said that Spike held three fingers out, counting down. Allowing her to finish speaking.
“How many times have we both proven ourselves in being absolutely unreliable on a mission together?” Spike asked cynically, “I think we can chalk up this one up as a big failure for both you and me-”
“For all of us” Shae piped in
“For all of us” Spike said, “But let’s look elsewhere, shall we?” Spike said glaring at her, “In my time of Civil Distortion, how many missions have I failed before this week?”
“Z-zero” She told him.

“Now, let’s have a fun comparison.” Spike said putting on a wicked smile, “Who has completed more missions in the past three years? In the years that I have been a member of, your, guild?”
She didn’t say anything right away, she had a few lights in her forehead start to flicker. The lights stopped, “You…”
“Now by how many has Spike topped you?” Shae asked next, “The alleged lazy slob of our guild.”
“... Spike has approximately fifty seven missions more than I have” Priscilla told them, “To… my number.”
Spike counted down from three again, this time Priscilla saw what he was doing. She felt her legs grow weak from fear as the last finger went down.
“Odd, I’ve only been on sixty missions in my entire service” He hissed
“Spike, take a breath.” Shae told him, “I want to hear it too.”
Spike took an audible deep inhale and exhale, “Sorry Vice Captain.”
“Accepted” Shae said, she turned her attention back to Priscilla, “Captain, answer my question” she said “How many of those three missions, were intentionally given to you? By The Order?”
“... One” She choked out, “The other two were impromptu, the pirate attack being the most recent case.”
“Which mission was that?” Shae asked with an icy voice. “The only mission tasked to you officially?”
“... Orientation of Spike and Joseph” She said defeated, Spike started counting down, but Priscilla started talking quickly after seeing that, “I-it’s not my fault I didn’t-” she cried. “It’s- it’s”
“Do go on.” Spike said after the last finger went down, he approached her glaring her down. She tried to back away, but was backed into the wall. “How are the deaths of all those brats, the guild, and all of those civilians not your fault?”
“We did everything we could do.” Shae spoke up, “We’re feeling shixty, but you.” She said coldly “You better feel like the obsolete hunk of electronics you are, inside your shoddy programming”
Priscilla was too terrified by Shae that she didn’t even notice that Spike was right in front of her, much less about what he was going to do. Priscilla took notice of Spike when she felt his hand… around her neck.
Spike had lifted up Priscilla by her neck and held her against the wall. 

“Obsolete, and worthless.” He said tightening his grip. “You might have actually been something in the past, but now-” He said gripping her neck tighter, restricting her internal fluids from flowing freely. “Look at you, your most annoying guild member utilized your key weakness against you. Basic CQC holds”, Spike grinned as he saw Priscilla’s light turn into a blinking black light.

“Spike, stand down.” Shae said painfully, two looked over to Shae. She was now sitting up on the side of her bed, all of her tubing and wiring was in front of her now. Priscilla was now looking at her Vice Captain, in a broken state, but she was still functioning properly. “Put her down now Frusciante!” She commanded Spike.
“Fine,” he said dropping Priscilla on her mechanical ass. “I’m out of here” He said coldly before spitting on his captain.  

Now that the two were alone, Priscilla didn’t know if she should be more relieved or terrified. “S-shae,” She said weakly standing up.
“What?” Shae retorted, “What. Is. It?”
“It has to be related to my error too! I didn’t-” She was stopped
“Let me tell you what I think about your fluxing error” Shae said coldly, “You’re terrified of death. You use that as an excuse instead of actually trying to do anything for yourself. Let me tell you something Prissy,” She said standing up, “You better learn to suck it up. We’re all a blink away from death!” She said slowly walking toward Priscilla, “So were the three million four hundred thirty three thousand five hundred and thirty two innocent bystanders!”
“S-Shae-”
“And the twenty seven guild members that were slaughtered!” She added, “You think that you’re better, or that you’re different because you were a Voyager? Or because you’re an android? Or do you realize that you’re a washed-up has been?” Shae scoffed, “You’re ageless, easy to upgrade, and have no biological limitations. So what is the reason that you haven’t done anything for your own damn guild? The one you left me to take care of!?”
She remained quiet as Shae slowly approached her. “Do you remember what you told me when I joined you all those years back? When I finished at the academy fifteen years after you left?” She asked rhetorically, “What exactly did you say? The exact words.”
Priscilla’s head started lighting up again, “I told you that ‘if you stuck with me, after what we went through in the Academy, that I’d make sure to make something that was worthy of us’.”
“Now, while this guild is clearly up to your standards,” Shae started, “Do you think that this is anywhere close to what I consider worthy?”
“I-I don’t… I don’t know,” She trailed off
“Yes. You. Do.” Shae said coldly, “What is my answer?”
“...” She didn’t want to say anything
“ANSWER ME YOU DEFECTIVE PILE OF SCRAP!” She yelled in her face.
“No!” She cried, “It’s not! It’s not anywhere close to what you deserve!”
“Exactly, now-” She pointed to the door, “Get the flux out of my room!”
Priscilla didn’t say anything as she cried her way out of the room.

“Damn,” Shae slowly hobbled back to her bed. “That took it all out of me, I hate doing that” She laid back down. “Maybe Joseph will be awake when I wake up.” Shae yawned and pulled the blanket over her.  “I already miss my bed warmer” she muttered to herself playing a recording before falling asleep.

“Are you sure he hasn’t been by lately?” Joseph asked weakly as he tried to eat some of his dinner.  
The day after Priscilla visited, Joseph woke up.  Mostly hungry, but a little sore too, “I was sure he’d be here when I woke up” he said looking down at the tubes going in and out of him.
“Yeah, no,” Shae told him. Joseph looked over at his Vice Captain, he didn’t realize that she’d been that hurt in battle, “He left after we had a hissy fit at Priscilla, he spat on her and walked out. Rightfully so.”
“Shix” Joseph said, “I didn’t think that he’d get that pissed over a failed mission.” He sighed, “I only remember him spitting on one other person before, and that was a bastad who had it coming.”
“Oh” Shae said annoyed, “That’s right, you just woke up. You missed the reason why Spike spat on her.”
“What are you talking about?” He asked confused
Shae was silent for a moment, “Spike sent an emergency message to Priscilla before his Virtua System was broken. Per protocol.”
“I’m not liking this set up,” Joseph said sitting up, “What happened?”
“None of us liked what happened,” she told him, “She ignored his message.”
“Ignored?” He said baffled, “She ignored the SOS?!”
“Yes, want to hear the kicker?” She cringed, “She ignored it only because it came from Spike.” She said annoyed, “No other reason. Whatsoever”
 “Damn…” Joseph said in shock, “now I’m not so surprised he left”

 “Yeeeaaah” Shae said stealing a cookie off Joseph’s plate, “Any idea where he would of gone to?” she asked already knowing the answer.
“Plenty of ideas, no answers” He sighed as he tried to take his deep ocean nine brand salted cookie back, to no avail. “Any chance you asked him to stop back home to take care of the little furry devil before going wherever?”
“Nah.” She said taking a bite of the cookie, only to be spat back out, “Ugh” she said handing the rest of the cookie back, “Gross salty Sea People snacks”
“Isn’t that racist?” He laughed
“No, i’m commenting on your species’ taste senses” She said pressing the nurse button, “I think that you still need to get your blood tested. I don’t know what they did to you when you were out. I’m sure that this nurse would-” She smiled to herself, “I’m sure a nurse would be able to help you”
“I’m sure, The Order doesn’t skimp on hospital care for their own” Joseph said, “But yes, let’s see what’s been done to me or not”

“Has Priscilla tried to get a hold of you?” Shae asked the nurse as she walked in, “She might have the test info already”
“No, sadly” The nurse said, “She only showed up yesterday, but I don’t think she’ll be back. I saw her crying her eyes out as I walked past her on my way in yesterday” She told them
“Wow, you two made an android cry?” Joseph said befuddled, “That’s pretty bad… or is it impressive?”
“Both, but she had it coming” She said unapologetically.
“How cruel” The nurse said, “what could that poor girl-”
“Ignored an S.O.S. message from our comrade, based solely on the fact that it was sent by him. Not one of the two of us. Causing a disaster to occur in which the death count is already well past the three million mark” She told her, “And, she’s our captain too.”
“Oh” The nurse said aghast, “I-I see.”
“Yeahhhh” Shae said next, “Hey, would you happen to have access to copies of all three of our medical tests?”
“Yes, what would you like for us to make copies of?” The nurse asked.
“Let’s take a copy of my full-body CT Scan, Joseph and Spike’s bloodwork, Spike’s energy balances, Joseph’s energy veins, and-”
“I’ll just go ahead and get you copies of everything” She offered.
“Thank you” Shae said, “Can I get some water? I’m gonna be talking to my guild member here for a bit.”
“Certainly,” She smiled, she extended her hand and water came flowing out, and into a nearby empty cup. “I’ll bring a pitcher for you both, and you.” She looked at Joseph, “We need to keep you on an MV for a little bit sir. You had lost a lot of blood and energy. You should have died, we’re blessed by the scientists”
“Understood” He sighed leaning back, “Thank you for your help nurse”

“So” Shae said, getting Joseph’s attention, “I gotta ask, do you remember anything after I left?”
“Not much” He admitted, “After Spike set the rocket to launch, I don’t remember anything but a sharp pain in my neck” He told her, “Then I woke up right in this bed.”
“Let me see,” Shae said getting up slowly, she made her way to look at Joseph’s neck. She looked around the base and tilted his head, “I see it, they stuck you with some sort of knock out drug, right here!” She said poking the wound.
“Ow!” Joseph said jerking away. “You don’t gotta poke me.”
“But if not me, then who? Spike’s not here.” Shae said smiling, “Joseph, I think you should know something.”
“What’s that?” He asked
“The first thing Spike did when he was able to leave the room was hobble in here and keep an eye on you, he didn’t trust anyone else to guard you.” She smiled, “While he might not be here right now, he was here plenty for you.” She started to giggle, “How mushy, it makes you want to vomit. What a rad bromance” 
“Shush” He said finally smiling, “I was hoping that he’d do that”
“Joseph, he loves you, and Layna.” Shae smiled, “Oedipus complex be damned” She giggled, “You’re his brother, and you’re one of the most important people to him” she winked, “I think you might just be slightly behind Layna”
“I don’t think anyone could top her” He laughed, “Highly doubtful”

“You never knoooowww” Shae said sassing him, “You never know what he’ll do next, he might even find an exact look alike of her!”
“I don’t know if I’m okay with that or if it creeps me out” he said.
“Oh my god” Shae started to giggle, “You’re aware of the doppelganger theory?” She smiled widely, “Maybe he left to go find one of those doppelgangers. There’s like a few dozen usually out there”
“Maybe he’ll actually find a girlfriend” He said laughing, “I think he’s actually been on a dry streak for about two years”
“Wow, I think you’re right!” Shae blatantly lied to Joseph’s face “Do you think it’s out of pure laziness? Or because he’s taken a vow of celibacy?”
“Why not both?” He told her before taking a drink of water.

“Hey Shae” Joseph’s tone changed, “Do you… Do you think Spike is authentic? Personality wise.”
“Huh?” Shae said confused, “What do you mean?”
“Well…” He thought about what he wanted to say, “It’s always a little unnerving to me whenever I see Spike actually focus.”
“Oh, you mean when he turned Single Son?” Shae asked
“Yeah, I think that’s a good name for it” Joseph told him, “I guess my worry is that Spike is just putting on one large facade. He’s only acting this way to fit in”
“Joseph” Shae  said getting his attention
“Yes?” He asked
“That is the most idiotic thing I’ve heard in a long time, and Spike wasn’t even the one who said it.” She smiled and patted Joseph’s shoulder, “Don’t worry so much about your little brother”
“I’ve always worried about him” He sighed “I swear if he ever gets a girlfriend she’d be driven to madness, from his madness.”
Shae giggled, “Why do you say that? You don’t think anyone can break him in? Or is it the fact that he wants to bang Layna, his adoptive mother?”
“Both. Can you imagine the dumb sap who would agree to seriously date him.” He laughed, “I can imagine that most women would run after the first week.”
“Oh really?” Shae grinned, struggling to keep her mouth shut.
“But I mean…” Joseph started thinking, “You know I don’t think Spike has ever had a relationship last over a year. I don’t think that anyone can handle him,” he sighed, “Whatever him actually is him”
“You honestly think that side of him is… hmm” Shae thought for a moment, “I don’t think you’re seeing him unbiased.”
“Excuse me?” Joseph said confused
Shae giggled to herself as she poked Joseph’s wound, “You’re worried about your little brother for no good reason.”
“Well he still acts like a child so… maybe he’s just acting?” He confessed.
Shae was silent for a moment, “Joseph, I had no problem with Spike on the mission on Ag Spoon. I… I think that you need to stop seeing him as that child. Treat Spike with the respect that he has for you, he’s quite a doting sibling after all.”
“Yeah, he is” Joseph smiled, “When he was bleeding out he came to save me from an ambush. He even saved me first”
While that realization may have made Shae a bit more jealous than it should, she just smiled at him, “See, he’s looking out for his big brother.”
“I guess you’re right.” Joseph smiled laying back in his bed, “I guess someone else can deal with his shix for right now.”

“Thank you so much for making the time for me.” Spike said making his way to his favorite couch, he plopped down instantly. “It’s not like I gave you that much of a heads up” he said getting comfortable.
“Spike, it’s not a problem” A woman’s voice said from the kitchen,“I always have your favorite brand on hand. Just in case you drop by and need a drink, and you’ve yet to disappoint me.”
“You’re the best!” Spike said looking around the room, “Things don’t look too different, it’s actually kinda refreshing to be back home” he was currently looking at a wall of pictures of him and Joseph throughout the years.
“It’s always refreshing to me to hear you say that” the woman said walking into the main room, “That means you still think of this place as your home!”
Spike’s heart always skipped a beat whenever she’s around, it’s no surprise either, she’s a stunningly beautiful blue-haired woman. His longest lasting crush, his first crush. Layna Glixor smiled as she made her way over to Spike. 

She handed him a big cup of Yuuili, “Enhanced with my personal energy, mixed with vokila, crushed mocha chips, and made with pure love!”
“Thank you so much mom,” Spike smiled and took the cup from Layna.
“See, it’s that type of language that worried me!” Layna told him sitting down next to him, “Whenever you drop the M-bomb I know something is wrong” She held Spike’s hand, “I know you too well Spike Frusciante.”
“You certainly do” He smiled gently holding her hand, “You always have for some reason, are you sure you’re not an angel?” He laughed before taking a drink, a pretty big one at that.
“I do look radiant” She said proudly, “and I suppose I help people a lot too. Even those who thought they were beyond saving, the fallen” She winked at Spike

“So” She said getting his attention, “What’s wrong?”
Spike was silent for a moment, “Have you listened to or watched the news lately? Something horrible happened, but it was in a different galaxy.”
“Spike, I’ve always followed yours and Joseph’s exploits.” She started, “So yes, I’m aware that you not only had a complete loss on this mission, but-” She quickly grabbed his hand with both of hers, “The odds were stacked heavily against you. By someone who thoroughly trained you, or hired others to do so”
“You make one strong point,” Spike slightly fidgeting with his cup.
“I know” She told him with a smile, “Now, what’s wrong Spike? Please don’t make me mindflux you.” She smiled coldly.
“I… I’m so sorry mom” Spike said as tears formed in his eyes, “I broke my promises to you.” He then broke down and cried, “I couldn’t protect Joseph from the Frusciante, and he nearly died. It was all my-” He was stopped with a finger on his mouth, from the original user.

“Spike.” Layna said calmly with a warm smile, “Let me ask you a few questions.” She started as she wrapped her arm around her son, “Is that okay with you Spike?”
“Certainly” He told her, trying to maintain his composition.
“Did you try your hardest?” She asked him patting his back.
“Yes I did” Spike said slightly sniffling
“Did you abandon your humanity?” She asked
“No” He told her, “I wanted to, but… A bullet brought me back”
“Last two questions, don’t worry, they’re easy” She said happily, “Is my little Jo-Jo still alive?”
“Yes,” He told her, “But only by the thick of his scales”
“Am I still alive?” She smiled as she gently hip-bumped Spike.
“Yes,” He said not even looking at her, paying more attention to his cup than her somehow. “Doesn’t change the fact that I failed you.”

Layna took a second to think, she took the cup from him. “Spike, what do you not want to say to me?”
“Layna...” He hesitated, “Why did you save me?”
“What do you mean?” She asked, “We couldn’t leave you laying there.”
“Not that time,” Spike told her, looking up at her as he was fighting back tears. “The second time, why did you save my future? I was evil, nothing mattered to me aside from my missions. I’ve killed countless people while working for that bastad!” 
He sniffled, pushing himself forward he continued, “I was an evil monster, a murderous evil monster. So why… why did you save something like me? I deserve to rot away in the deepest pits of the Bottom for millions of years for my crimes! If it weren’t for me, three million innocents would still be alive!”
“Spike, you need to stop lying to both of us” She said not missing a beat, “Monster? Maybe at the time, but I didn’t see you like that.” She started, “When I got to talk to you, all I saw was a child doing what his dad asked him to do. Out of blind devotion, like a normal child”
“Normal children don’t poison an entire starfleet, assassinate targeted individuals, corrupt the law, detonate government buildings, and… I’m not that sure that I’ve ever changed back from being evil.” he  started, “I ran into Kivla, and while he technically swung first, I did cause all of his paths to lead directly to me… and Joseph.” Spike hid his head in shame, “I guess that makes an additional time I’ve failed you mom”
 “Hey!” She said getting his attention, “Kivla was a complete asshole, he nearly made me bang him to get that deal” She told him, “Thank god his partner had a heart!”
“That builds upon my point now” Spike told her, “When I shattered his skull in one glorious blow fueled by his own technique, it felt so damn good.” He started, “I never lost my bloodlust, even now, after you told me that I feel so much more satisfaction that I was the one to kill him! I’m still the same evil monster I’ve always been, I’ve always fallen to the occasion to show that I’m that bastad’s son! I’m a crafted monster, I can’t-”
“Spike, you haven’t correct yourself yet.” Layna said cutting him off, “So, let's go back to when you blatantly lied to my beautiful face and you said that you ‘killed countless’, you’re side-stepping that one.”
Spike remained silent, “Yes I am”
“Stop it” Layna said sternly, “It’s nothing that you can forget, so let me ask  you the question, and answer directly” She told him, “How far were you from breaking even? Before this last mission?”
“... seven thousand, nine hundred and twenty four lives” He told her gritting his teeth, “I-I was doing everything that I’ve been able to to help others Layna, but how can I when I still keep fucking up?” He said breaking down.  
“I’ve tried to atone for my past, to help to try to correct everything that I can to somehow make up for what I’ve done, but I’m just a fuck up! I just can’t stop failing you Layna!” He stopped to take several short breaths between sobs.

“You said you were evil” Layna said putting her hand on Spike’s cheek, “you said that you were a monster.” She said kissing top of Spike’s head, “I can disprove both of those, right now”
“Lies” he told her, not opening his eyes.
“Polar opposite actually” She said patting Spike’s back, “I’m going to tell you the truth. Spike, if you were truly Evil, you wouldn’t have any sort of conscience.” She started, “I know that you’re aware that you’ve done many unforgivable things, but someone who was truly evil wouldn’t care about trying to save people as penance for killing others, down to the exact number. Yet alone try to make the universe a better place in spite of their past” She told him, “We can’t change our pasts, but we do learn and grow from them.”
“How?”
“I can’t tell you how Spike, I wish I could.” She patted his back again, “But I can say this. Be proud that this still hurts.” She said placing her hand on his chest, where his primary heart was.  

“Let it be a painful reminder of who you really are. That you have a kind heart, that you care about people, and all that you want to do is protect the universe from evil. Use this to remind yourself that the Single Son is long dead, and that Spike Frusciante is who you are now. You killed the Single Son and took everything he had, for your own goals. For your hunt, and for your redemption.”
“…” 
“We can’t change everything about ourselves either, we know this all too well.” Layna told him, “You’ve done wonderful in changing yourself Spike, but you still have plenty of characteristics of your father.” She said, “However, that doesn’t mean that you have to act like him too.”
“What do you mean?”
“Use those parts of him inside of you to be better than what he is, become more powerful than what his deepest darkest fears of you could ever be.” Layna said, lifting his face, “You’re Spike Frusciante, nothing will ever change that. You know who you are, faults and all. So do I, and I love him.”
“How can I accept-”

“Spike, tell me.” Layna said cutting him off, “What was the better part of your life?” She asked, “Was it your time devoted to your father? Or,” she smiled, “Your time filled with love from your family?”
“Without a doubt, my time with you and Joseph” He told her
“Then stop acting otherwise” She smiled, “I can’t wash the blood off your hands, nothing can, but you don’t have to let that dictate your future.”
“But-” Spike was silenced by a trick he’s stolen, Layna put a single finger on Spike’s lips to silence him. Again.
“You say that you’re a monster, you’re not.” She smiled, “You’re Spike 
Glixor-Frusciante, my big cry-baby” 
Spike couldn’t help himself, in between sobs he started laughing, “I am a big cry baby, aren’t I?” 
“Of course you are,” She said pulling Spike in for a hug, “You’re also my son, and I love you Spike.” She patted the back of his head, and she couldn’t help herself at this time, she lost her composition first.
Spike felt Layna starting to sob. “Layna!” He said leaning back to look at her, but he was caught off guard.
“Spike, I’m so proud of you” Layna said smiling with tears in her bright blue eyes, “You’re such a wonderful person Spike! You need to start giving yourself more credit for how far you’ve come, it hasn’t been easy.”
“Layna-” He started to say something, but was cut off.

“You asked me why I saved your future” Layna said, “I saved you because I knew you had a good within you Spike. You were just a child, you needed a parent who actually loved you. It’s against my nature to leave others who are in need.” She told him looking him in the eyes.
 She smiled as she wiped tears out of her own eyes, “You needed me Spike. You needed a loving mother to help you. To show you the way to help you be able to live your own life, free of your father’s shadow.”
“Layna” Spike smiled with tears in his eyes, “You’ve been a godsend to me”
“I’m no such thing” She told him, “I’m just someone who had a heart, helping someone whose future was in peril.”
“Layna” Spike smiled.
“So…” She said nudging Spike, “Was that a good enough of an answer for you Spike?” She asked
“Yes Layna,” Spike told her, “Thank you”
“I’m always here for you Spike” She said hugging Spike, “You and Joseph mean the worlds to me, and I’ll do whatever I can to show you two that”

Spike went to say something, but a Phone started ringing, “Oops” Layna said pulling out a Phone, “I forgot to silence this,”
“Who is it? Anyone important?” Spike asked
Layna didn’t say anything, but she nodded as she answered, “Hello my little Jo-Jo, I’m happy to know that you’re finally up!” … “Spike? No, why do you ask?”... “He ran away from the hospital after getting pissed off?”... “No I haven’t heard from Spike, but if he tries to reach out to me I’ll let you know the moment I know anything.”… “You’re right, this definitely isn’t the first time he’s done this” she took a moment to grin at Spike after that one, “Okay, well you go back to sleep and heal up, as Nurse Mom I’m demanding you do that!”… “I love you too my little Jo-Jo” She smiled before hanging up.
“Joseph asking if you had any idea where I was?” Spike asked rhetorically.
“Yupp, it seems he’s a little hurt that his little brother wasn’t waiting patiently for him to wake up” She smiled, “A little needy if you ask me, but you two really are good brothers.”
“He needs to remember that he’s not the-” Spike went to say something, but stopped himself, “Nevermind” He smiled.
“Oh?” Layna smiled, getting in his face, “What were you going to say? That he’s not the most important person to you?”
“You know me so well.” Spike told her, “He’s like number three or four”
“Hmmm” Layna hummed to herself, “Well there’s me, blank, him, and blank” She giggled, “How close am I?”
“Don’t you think it’s a little presumptuous to put yourself at number one on my list?” He smiled, “I mean what if I met someone special?”
“Spike, I’m hurt you’d say that!” She said sarcastically, “I thought I was the only woman you’d sacrifice anything for!” she was showcasing similar dramatic abilities as Spike at that point.
“Definitely would, but” He laughed, “that doesn’t mean you’re completely right, strange things may or may not happen” He told her with a smile.

“Speaking of cruel and unusual things” Layna smiled, “I forgot to give you a punishment for blatantly lying to my face” Her smile now was as cold as ice.
“Uhhh” Spike said slightly shaking, “W-what is it?” 
Layna thought for a moment in silence, thinking about what to do. Her smile soon warmed up when she figured it out
“Spike, I’m going to give you a super power” Layna told him, “Your punishment is you have no choice but to accept it.”
“Uhhh” Spike muttered confused “Okay?”
“I want you to promise me that you’ll never lose to him again” She started, “No matter the battleground, you must always rise above him. The real world is easy enough for you to handle, but my little demon you need to remain the person who you truly are. Spike Frusciante, I know the mental battlefield can be a scary place, but with this-” 
Layna smiled as she extended her pinky, “With this, I know you can do it Spike! You’ll dominate in every aspect!”
“How very you” Spike smiled as more tears ran down his face, without hesitation he took her pinky and shook on it. “Of course! I’ll remain Spike Glixor Frusciante, forever your big cry baby.”
“Good!” She said leaning in to give him a kiss on his cheek, leaving Spike to predictably raise a hand on his cheek with a smile, “What do you know, I still got it after all these years!” She winked at him
“Isn’t that my line?” Spike started laughing

“Allright, all of you, out!” Marcy yelled as she opened the door.
Marcy was currently getting the other Archeons out of the courtroom. Priscilla was brought in for obvious reasons.
“I get to be Marcy and help my friend right now, before I start reaming her like a Nobonian Pornstar as an Archeon!”
“How colorful!” The Archecon with blue hair said closing the door behind her, leaving Priscilla and Marcy alone.

“Marcy-” Priscilla tried to say something, but a quick glare shut her up.
“I’m doing this because I love you Priscilla, and I think this is long overdue” She started, “Before I let these morons back in, I need you to do something for me. It's something that I think will help you”
“C-certainly” Priscilla obliged
“Repeat after me” Marcy said getting her attention
“My name is Priscilla Mokolov”
“My name is Priscilla Mokolov” She said ashamed
“I’m an android, and I have zero biological parts inside me”
“I’m an android, and I have zero biological parts inside me”
“I know that I’m no different than any living being.”
“I… I know that I’m no different than any living thing” she followed
“I’m aware death is a second away from me, like everyone else”
“I’m aware death…” She hesitated, “I’m aware death is a second away from me, like everyone else.”
Marcy sighed, “I also know that it’s completely normal to be afraid of death”
“I’m sorry-”
“That didn’t sound like what I said” She said coldly, “Try it again”
“I… know that it’s completely normal to be afraid of death” She said
“And I have to stop acting like a little bitch-baby” Marcy tacked on for good measure, “Everyone dies”
“I have to stop acting like a little bitch-baby” She admitted, “Everyone dies.”
Marcy took a sigh of relief, “Okay, girl I need you to say those lines to yourself in the mirror to yourself everyday” she pointed to her head to steal a line, “Got it Memorized?”
“Y-yes” Priscilla told her.

“Now,” she continued, “Please tell me that you have something to say for yourself to me.” Marcy told her, “Anything you want to say to me? Anything to ask?” She looked to Priscilla
Priscilla remained silent for a moment, “Marcy” She said solemnly, “Was… was I ever a competent Voyager? Hell, even a competent operative?”
“What do you mean? Duty wise? Or Strength wise?” Marcy asked, “Because while your sense of duty is clearly fluxed, you are still a strong mage”
“S-still?” Priscilla asked
“Priscilla, you might be made of pieces of metal, magick, wires, and juio that can be found anywhere. However, that’s not who or what you are.”
“Beg pardon?” Priscilla said confused, “That’s literally who I am”
“Literally, sure” Marcy sighed, “But… Priscilla, tell me something”
“What is it?” She asked.
“Do you honestly consider yourself a living being?” Marcy asked
“Uhhh..” Priscilla stammered, “Excuse me?”
“Are you a living thing?” Marcy asked, “Living things are imperfect, but they can grow to help them survive.” She took a breath, “Non-living things don’t care about themselves and improving. They’re not alive. Sooo” She said looking Priscilla in the eyes, “Are you a living being like the rest of us?”
Priscilla was quiet, “Yes.” she said weakly.
“Once more for the people in the cheap seats!” Marcy cheered, “You can do it girl! I believe in you”
“I-” Priscilla was happily caught off guard, “I… I am a living being!”
“Good Priscila!” Marcy cheered, “Now I can’t do anything for you to help alleviate the brutal thrashing you’re in for from the rest, but I can help you become who you’re meant to be.”
“Upgrade?” Priscilla guessed.
“Kinda” Marcy said thinking, “Upgrading yourself with your actions, not some operation or new chips. Similar to why I asked you to start manually reading. You get a sense of accomplishment for your effort!”
“But-”
“Priscilla, you just told me you’re a living thing” She smiled, “So that means you need to start looking at yourself in that light.”
“How can I? It’s so confusing” Priscilla said, “I feel like there’s darkness preventing me from seeing any ray of light to help me move forward.”
“I was hoping you’d say something melodramatic like that!” Marcy smiled, “If it’s dark and you can’t see a fluxing thing, then take your head out of your ass!” She patted her friend’s shoulder, “You’ve chosen to face reality over living in your ass’ lala land. That’s a great step in the right direction”

“How do I proceed from here?” Priscilla asked, “I’ve… I’ve never know what to do.” She admitted, “I’ve just relied on my programming-”
“Your glitchy programming?” Marcy added quickly
“Yes…” Priscilla said, “But how can I proceed when I’m broken”
“Ask any heart-broken teenager” Marcy smiled, “We’re all broken in some way, shape, or form Priscilla, but most people don’t let it stop them. Or stop others from helping them.” Marcy hummed for a second thinking, “I think I know how you should start” She smiled.
“How?” Priscilla asked
“You need to start embracing your brokenness” Marcy told her, “If you think that your logic programs are at fault, then expand on your logic in unexpected ways”
“Uhh?” Priscilla responded
“You enjoy things that weren’t included in your program files, correct?” Marcy asked, “Find one of those things that you enjoy, and learn something new”
“So pick up a hobby?” Priscilla asked
“I think that’d be a good first step” Mary said, “You’ve always enjoyed tacky Hiu sweatshirts right?” She asked, “So why not take up sewing?”
“Sewing?” Priscilla asked, “I could download-”
“Farck downloading!” Marcy barked, “Learn it manually. You haven’t been able to take care of yourself as a machine, so you might as well take care of yourself as a living being. We’re all broken, we’re all dumb, we’re all afraid, we’re imperfect, and most of all” Marcy smiled, “We’re there for each other, especially when our loved ones need us.”
“M-marcy” Priscilla smiled as her lights started flashing a light blue as a few tears ran down her face.
“I’m gonna stick by your side for a looooonnng time!” Marcy told her, “You know that, right?”
“I do, thank you.” Priscilla nodded, “Alright, I’m ready. Bring on the executioners”
“Good” Marcy said opening the door, the others soon returned to their positions, “Thank you all for that brief time”
“I’m just happy she’s still here” The silver haired man said, “I thought you’d try to bail her out.”
“Hell no!” Marcy said going to her seat, “She’s getting the full lashings from all of us, she definitely fluxed up” 

“Priscilla Mokolov” The silver haired archon started, “Last time you were in our presence, we told you that you had nothing to worry about for your guild’s status, based on all of your guild’s merits. Now, we’re rethinking that.”
“However,” The Blue haired Archeon stepped in next, “We still consider your guild members as proud agents, who are in no way shape or form being held in contempt. They nearly died, but they did get lucky.”
“Now, let’s focus on you” Marcy said coldly, “You had received an SOS from Spike Frusciante, while we were having lunch” She started, “Now, did you answer the message? Or read it? What about skimming it?”
“No” She said, “I did none of those. I ignored that message”
“Why?” The silver haired archeon asked, “Why did you abandon your crew? They were doing your work after all”
“There was no reason aside from my annoyance from Spike.” Priscilla admitted, “I thought it was a message just to annoy me.”

Silence filled the room, but Priscilla felt the intensity of the glares from all the Archeons. Priscilla was legitimately afraid, her lights were blinking with a blacklight. A reaction of pure terror for her life.
“Make no mistake, You won’t be getting dismissed” The blue haired Archeon told her, “You’re lucky that you had that debriefing that day, we technically can’t do anything about that part. Even the media is aware of that”
“We can discipline you though,” Marcy told her, “We could simply take away your position of captain and send you through the academy again.”
“We could also dock your pay for the rest of your cybernetic life” The silver haired one said, “Send you to prison, give you a dishonor charge, release all of your flux ups to the media, and plenty of other things.”
“What do you have to say for yourself?” Marcy asked
Priscilla took a deep breath, “Nothing. I have no excuse for my negligence, not even from my slight annoyance of that guild member. Do what you will.”
“So you’re telling us that ignoring one of your members, regardless of their actions, was worth the total kill count of four million and one?” Marcy told her
“Wow, you must have pissed off one of the gods for that to be the total,” The blue haired Archeon chimed in.
Marcy continued not acknowledging her, “Your peace of mind cost that much. Was it worth it?”
“No” Priscilla said, “Nothing is worth the lives of those lost”
“Good” Marcy said sitting down, “Never delete these memories”

“You’ll have to call and directly apologize to families who lost someone” The silver haired archeon said, “But that can wait for a bit, we actually have some good news for your guild”
“Excuse me?” Priscilla said looking up, “News? Good news?”
“Yes” The Archeon with black hair told her, “It’s also the reason why we won’t be taking any serious actions against your guild”
“Rather just you as the captain” Marcy piped in, “One of your guild members have attracted the attention from the old fogey”
“EXCUSE ME!?” Priscilla said stupefied, “As-, as in-”
“Yes” Marcy told her, “The Elder”
“For what reason?” Priscilla asked astonished
“Well…”


Social Medias
Twatters Posts
@BossLadyWith8008S:Look at these two in the picture! It’s sickening how close they are! #Brotherlylove, #Caughtinaradbromance, 

@SpikefulFireMage: Never underestimate the power of insight #Thankyouangel #DefinentlyGonnaHappen

Face-In-Space Updates
Joseph Glixor: The surprise party that Spike set up for me getting back home was awesome! All is forgiven for ducking out in the hospital.

Priscilla Mokolov Mk: H33: Breathe. Just. Breathe. Ignore. Everything. Else


Chapter 7 
Potentially Potential

“Are you kidding me?!” Spike gasped in astonishment.
“Nope” Priscilla said smugly, “I’m telling you all the truth.”
Everyone was in the mission room in the base, the four members of Civil Distortion were talking about some important business. A few weeks have passed since their complete recovery.
Several monitors and computers were strewn throughout the room. The members were sitting around a table with a central monitor on the table.
“Are you butt-fluxing kidding me!” Shae exclaimed excitedly. “This is actually happening!? It’s for me!?”
“Yeah, I was surprised myself” Joseph said sighing “I mean don’t get a big head or anything, it sounds like it was just a spur of the moment thing.”
“No, no!” Shae started to giggle “I get an excuse to play Destrucktion Alley Dodgeball, with Captain Lux no less! I am not letting this one go!” Shae started dancing in her seat at this point, “They’re finally seeing me as the badass I am! I’m back on the path to being the next biggest Voyager!”
“It’s not like we’re doing it right now” Priscilla reminded her “He said it’s going to be a few days. Besides-” she started “It’s probably due to my influence that he’s even aware of us being an existing guild.”
“Yada, yada” Spike chimed in. “You probably sucked someone’s dick to get that attention.” He put on his shit eating grin, “you wouldn’t be practicing for something would you?” Spike teased.
“Shut it fleshbag” Priscilla  answered Spike. 

“So why don’t you tell us what we should be doing?” Joseph said moving the conversation along. “You do have orders for us, right boss?”
“Boss” Priscilla smiled “Yes, as the boss, I do have orders.” She said with a smug smile on her face. “We’re close to a pure Elemental Well, so-” 
“Nope!” Spike said first. “fuck this!”
“The well is located on the Abandoned Plant Planet Sphereiox” Priscilla continued “It’s a desert planet, and the bastads who built the energy plant had a sense of humor to boot” She grinned.
“We all remember what happened when we went to a Well, right?” Spike said aloud “We all know the energy builds on itself and starts making elemental baddies, the more it wells up the stronger the baddies”
“Was that a pun?” Shae giggled
“Spike, you’ll love this” Joseph said pulling up the monitor. “Look at what the well is designed like”. On the screen was an enormous pyramid, surrounded by sand as far as the eye could see ,“Keep in mind, there are boobytraps, hidden doors, curses, lost tech, and so on.” Joseph reminded everyone “Clearly they intended for their own system to kill the baddies that the energy made. A good number of their traps have probably been used to keep the outside safe, we probably won’t even see any of them, stop your bellyaching”
“Not to mention spell traps can be triggered a near infinite amount of times, just to make sure it keeps killing them. Anything” Spike said fervently against this mission,  “Hell, I’ve used Wells to kill people before! 
“We’re going pyramid exploring!” Shae cheered, completely ignoring Spike.
“We’re gonna die!” Spike yelled dramatically

“It’s going to take at least one solid day for you squishy meatbags to fully explore this fluxer. Then you should be able to find the controls and open up all the doors.” Priscilla said kicking back. “Till then, I’ll be doing what I do best”
“Rust, reflect about the squandered golden days, or take your inferiority complex out on all of us?” Spike taunted
“Spike, you’ve just been assigned the role of meat shield” Joseph snickered “That is if I’m given lead on this expedition”
“Glixor you certainly know how to make a woman happy” Priscilla grinned “I hereby give you the position of acting commander!” 
“Wait, wait, wait, wouldn’t it make much more sense if I were to lead the operation?” Shae asked slightly offended, “I mean I do have the best track record of us four, I out rank him, and Captain Lux is coming here to-”
“No, I said Glixor was in charge” Priscilla cut Shae off
“But she does have a point, I’d be more than happy to stand dow-” Joseph too was cut off by Priscilla.
“My decision is final.” Priscilla commanded, “Captain’s orders.”
“Hey would you look at that, I called it” Spike said snidely. “Doing what she does best, taking out her inferiority complex-”
Priscilla shot out her hand and used her psychic powers on Spike, she used her Yellow Magick to strangle Spike.
“Harder daddy” Spike moaned while rolling his eyes in pleasure.
“Eww!” Priscilla said instantly dismissing her grip over Spike. “Get the flux out of my sight! All of you!” She said using her psychic powers to throw all of them against the wall, well Joseph and Shae. 
She shot Spike down the hallway with extra force, for some odd reason.

“I swear, you and your mouth” Shae groaned “Why must you provoke her so much? I hope you’re happy being our flaming meat wall Hibachi Man.”
The three operatives of Civil Distortion found themselves in the middle of a complex dungeon, rather, a complex pyramid. True to cliches, it had a lot of sand and cobwebs along the walls of tan tinted Kiausla. Covered by Hieroglyphics
Shae and Joseph were walking a safe distance behind Spike. In his fire elemental form, with a few arrows sticking out of his body. 
Yes, magickal arrows. Deal with it. “Did the ancient doucheflargians leave a map behind for us?” Spike said pulling an arrow out of his ass.
“Quit ignoring the situation Spike” Joseph piped in next “We need to talk about your attitude. It’s one thing to say this stuff to Shae or myself, but why must you needlessly provoke her? Your boss!?”
“At least if we keep the left hand on the left-” Spike started, but was cut off.
Literally. Spike’s arm was chopped off by a falling axe, but since he was in his fire form, nothing happened of course. He just sprouted a new arm. 

Now, I hear what you’re saying, ‘If the arrows were magickal, why not the blades as well?’ Well, your guess is as good as mine. Probably cost too much.
“No Spike, we need to talk about this” Shae said from behind Spike. “Listen, I don’t like the bitch after her negligence either, but you don’t see me sassing off at the mouth every chance that I get.” 
“There’s got to be a hidden pathway around here somewhere, it’s been like ten minutes since something dangerous popped up” Spike said, holding his hand against the wall “Gotta be here somewhere”
“Joe, just do it” Shae sighed giving up on Spike. 
“Roger” Joseph shot his fist forward, and in front of Spike down the hallway a wall of water appeared to impede the flaming homo… 
Oh sorry, torch humanoid.  Sorry, English is a foreign language in most areas of the Galaxy, and I mess up occasionally. So please bear with me.

“How could this happen to me?!” Spike sang like a complete diva.
“Spike” Shae said trying to get him to stop, 
“I’ve made my mistakes!” Spike continued and started to sing off pitch. 
“Shut your face you moron” Joseph said rubbing his temples.
“I’ve got nowhere to run!” He said collapsing to his knees.
“Joe just do it” Shae turned to Joseph
Joseph, extended his index finger and shot a huge stream of  water shot out and hit Spike head on. Steam shout out when the two made contact, so much so that it filled the hallway with dense white clouds. 
When the steam cleared Shae and Joseph saw that a slightly soggy Spike was laid out on the floor face up. “Rude” Spike said laying out on the ground. “I was in the middle of something important.”
“Spiiiike” Shae said walking up to Spike with a smile
“Uhh, Shae?” Spike asked nervously. 
Shae took a moment and stomped Spike’s chest a couple times, then planted her foot there to keep him laid out on the ground. “Spike, we need to talk about your attitude.”
“Why must you purposely agitate Priscilla?” Joseph asked
“I haven’t the fuzziest of what you’re talking about” Spike said obstinately. 
“Joe, get over here” Shae turned to Joseph “I’m gonna need some muscle”
“Gotcha” Joseph said walking up to Spike “Alright Spike, let’s talk about why you feel the need to aggravate Priscilla?”
“I-I do not aggravate Priscilla, in fact, that is my least favorite thing to do” Spike quoted.  “I’d much prefer jamming out on the keytar”
“Last warning” Joseph said to Spike
“Would you believe me if I said I did it out of the kindness of my heart?” Spike asked the two aloud
“Joe” Shae said, pretty much telling Joseph to start kicking. Joseph kicked Spike for being a smart ass.
“How about for the sake of friendship?”Another kick 
“Civil Distortion? Whatever the fuck that even means.” Thump
“Testing her vocal software?” Thunk
“Strengthening her authority?” Thud
“Speaking in a secret code right in front of both of your faces?” Wham
“That was just me flirting”... This went on for a while…

“I’m possessed by a vengeful vegetarian devil who has direct control of my voice?” Spike yawned. Joseph was exhausted, but he still used his giant liquid water elemental warhammer to hit Spike’s chest… again.
“I’m a masochist and I love this torment,” Spike said monotone.
“That’s it, I’m tired of this shix!” Shae exclaimed. “Spike if you give me one more line of Behemoth-shix I’m going to kick you so hard that your boys are gonna turn into girls.” She threatened.
“...” Spike was silent for a moment before sighing, “Alright, fine. There is an actual reason, just so you know. Funnily enough, you didn’t believe me.”
“At long last” Joseph sighed in relief. “It’d had better be good”
“Don’t you guys think it’s a tad pathetic that our dear leader hasn’t been on a mission in the past three years?” Spike instantly changed his demeanor. “Better yet, when was the last time she actually left the base for anything other than boring Guild nonsense? Which are few and far between if I may add.”
“Well…” Joseph started, “uhhh…”
“So this is your solution? Not through empathy, but by antagonizing her?” Shae questioned him “That makes you a giant asshole.”
“I agree, but how about we look at it like this” Spike took a deep breath, “I’m the only one who is stupid enough to say these things. You can try to sympathize, by all means I support and suggest that. Maybe she needs to be approached that way, if so I’ll back off. 
However, until we have proof of that path being the necessary one, I’ll continue to be the asshole who can hope that the harsh things he says might get her to actually get off her ass and start proving herself again.” he said sternly.
“That’s absurd, she’s done plenty of things!” Joseph tried to argue.

Shae moved her foot off of Spike and offered him a hand up. “Joe, you can’t really argue with Spike’s point” she said as she helped Spike up.
“But-”
“No Joe, it’s true” Spike said brushing himself off “What was the last mission she actually went on?” 
“Uhhh, that was… well…” Joseph was trying to think of anything to help his case, “The pirates?” no luck.
“Better yet, why isn’t she here with us?” Shae said while walking up to Joseph’s water wall. With a single solid flick, she caused the magick to disperse. 
“We have a Voyager coming to visit us, shouldn’t she be doing something to prove herself and her abilities?” Spike commented.
“Come on you two” Shae said taking point “Let’s get this show back on the road, we’ve yet to see a mosnter, and I can’t wait!”
“Shae don’t take lead, you can’t-”
A blade emerged and sliced right at Shae’s stomach, a meter from impact it just stopped and shattered. Joseph had forgotten about the volatile force field Destruction mages can make.
“Did you forget again?” Spike giggled walking past Joseph. “Shae has magickal destrucktion mage armor”
“It just felt like gentle poke” Shae said continuing forward “It’s not like I had to deal with the impact force of a flaming meteor or anything”
“Yeah, that’d suck” Spike said cockily following behind Shae
The three morons continued to explore the pyramid and trip every single trap along the way. Some on purpose, some by accident, and some were used as pranks to keep everyone on their feet.

Nothing says friendship like trying to kill each other.

‘I do not want to meet this candidate, this is a waste of time. Again’
There were many things that the man wanted to say right now.
He wanted to laugh at the piss poor stories she told, He wanted to lecture her about being so critical to her guildmates, He wanted to cringe at her artwork, but instead of doing any of those he just took another drink of his bourbon to help keep his mouth shut.
 He looked around at the meeting room, nothing too fancy, which didn’t give Lux any sort of good feeling about this candidate.

“So then we had cleared the quarantine area and saved the local Vampires.” She finally finished. “They still sing of that feat.”
“Impressive!” He lied through his teeth, “I remember hearing about that incident years ago, you did some great work back then!” 
‘Please for the love of Mina shut up already’ was his current monolog inside his head. He just wanted to meet the girl and see what the Elder saw.
“Thank you,” the Guild Leader said pompously “I’m sorry I feel like I’ve been doing all the talking while we’ve been waiting for them to get down here.”
‘No shix.’ 
“It’s alright, I get it. We’re just killing time anyhow” He said with a grin.

Fate stepped in at that moment, well, more like three mages. The two then turned to the three entering the room, “Good, you three are finally-” Priscilla started, but stopped, “Science dammit Glixor!”
“Priscilla I tried to stop him, I honestly did” Spike sighed. “Joseph persisted”
“Don’t listen to him Joe, Spike’s just bitter because he lost our bet and he’s stuck on bathroom clean-up for the rest of the year” Shae laughed
“Who says I’m upset?” Spike put on a grin “I could always use that time to install shower cameras to see what you and Priscilla are packin’”

At first glance Lux wasn’t quite sure of what to make of the three.
The first one he took notice of was the blue haired water mage who was in a ‘Lux Lookout’ branded shirt.  Oh gods, a fan. Well get ready to put on that patented smile you old fart! Based on his look the man guessed he was going to get the ‘I’ve always wanted to meet you yada yada…’
The second one was a different story, the Fire mage seemed almost indifferent to the man… no, to the entire situation. His red tailcoat was obviously  his uniform, but the pajama pants he had on were his.
 The man chuckled, he’s done that in the past, both on purpose and by accident. The way he walked in the room though… well, he wasn’t the only one.
Then there was the girl, and Lux was stunned. She was not what he had pictured at all. White and black hair to match her guild uniform. She was a good foot shorter than he was. Lux couldn’t help but notice that she jingled as she walked due to all the jewelry she had on. Despite all that…
Lux couldn’t help but notice something though, something… interesting. 

Despite the way they spoke and the smiles they wore, the moment Spike and Shae entered the room they both were on guard. Like they were looking at something that could destroy them with ease.Well, technically speaking, they were right. Suddenly, Lux was very excited to meet this candidate.

“Good to see that you three made it! It’s a pleasure to meet you all!” Captain Lux greeted all of them.
“OH SWEET SCIENCE! CAPTAIN LUX I’VE ALWAYS WANTED TO MEET YOU TO SAY THANK YOU FOR  BEING A HERO AND PROTECTING THE PEACE AND BEATING THE BAD GUYS AND D-”  Joseph was stopped when his shirt’s collar held him back.
Spike had grabbed on to Joseph’s shirt as a means of holding back the rabid fanboy, “Joe, we talked about this too, take a deep breath.” Spike instructed him.

Joseph then took several deep breaths, after a few moments Joseph looked considerably calmer. He turned back to Spike and nodded, upon doing so Spike released him. Joseph took a moment to collect himself before saying, “I’m sorry Captain Lux for being a rabid fanboy, I was too excited”
“You’re fine, it happens a lot. I’m used to it” He said to comfort Joseph, but he couldn’t help but feel a little smug for correctly guessing Joseph’s intro.
“Guys, name and position, let’s do things properly for a change!” Priscilla instructed her guild members.
“Yes Mam!” The three said in unison.

“Sir!” Joseph was up first “I’m Joseph Glixor! I’m the Engineer for Civil Distortion!”
“Good to meet you Joseph” Lux extended his hand towards Joseph. Joseph moved so fast he practically forgot the skin on his arm. Lux noticed something, Joseph’s hand was weirdly moist… He decided to chalk it up to Joseph being a water mage. Sadly, after Lux got out of the handshake he wasn’t able to dry his hand off.
“Hey man, I’m Spike Frusciante” He extended his hand “I’m Civil Distortion’s Tactician and Fire Mage.”
“Nice to meet you,” Lux said shaking Spike’s hand who let a little heat out, which effectively dried his hand. Spike winked at Lux, sharp kid. 
“I guess I’m last,” Shae said stepping up “It’s good to meet you sir, my name is Shae Strox, and I’m the Vice Captain for Civil Distortion. I also like to think I’m a pretty decent Destrucktion Mage” Shae said saluting. 
“No more need to be so formal,” Lux chuckled “It’s nice to meet you Shae”
“Alright, now that you all have been introduced, let’s get to business.” Priscilla said “Take a seat everyone”

“Any questions?” Priscilla asked the group after getting done with debriefing those in attendance. Lux included.
“Yes, may I?” Spike asked, politely no less.
“Certainly, what is it Spike?” Shae asked him.
“Are you certain about the pairings?” He started “I mean why don’t I swap you spots Boss? I’ll go with Joe to the Well, and you can stay here and be a good host while refereeing the game” Spike suggested.
‘Please no, please no, please no!’ Lux instantly thought to himself.
“I agree” Shae continued “Priscilla, this is a very important game for me, and we both know you’re worlds better than Spike when it comes to refereeing.” 
“Rude” Spike said to Shae, “But not inaccurate.”
‘NO! NOOOOOOOOO!!!!! NNNNNOOOOO!!!’ Lux felt himself slowly start to die already, just by the mere thought about listening to more stories from Priscilla’s faded past.
“You do have a point,” Priscilla said processing for a second. After a few moments, “No, my pairings still stand. For the simple fact that today we’re reaching the core, and I think it would be best if we had a White Mage along to make sure that everyone survives.”
“I completely agree with the Captain!” Lux threw in for support.
“Since this is the most important part of the mission, I think the Captain better be there to take care of the situation” She said pompously
“Can’t argue with that logic” Shae said agreeing with her.
“Alright” Spike sighed “Just promise me you guys will be careful.”
“We will” Priscilla reassured him
“We’ll have our phones functions on, just in case you want to check in on us mom” Joseph grinned. “We’ll even have them on full volume.”
“Alright Alright” Spike said giving up. “I guess I’m stuck being the witness to watch our dearest Vice-Captain get destroyed”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence” Shae said standing up. “We all good here Captain Mokolov? Or are you guys all gonna drag all of your feet?”

“I mean I’m ready and raring to go!” Joseph said jumping up. “Captain?”
“I’m all good to go” Priscilla said standing up “Are you ready Captain Lux?”
“Of course I am!” He said happily “I’m sure I’ll have wiped the floor with your Vice-Captain before you guys get back with the energy well’s artifacts!” he laughed playfully.
“Really now?” Shae grinned. “Well then, I say let’s get started so I can knock you down a couple pegs!”
“I’m getting a really bad feeling,” Spike said to himself “Captain, we have incident report files on hand, right?” 
“I already got a few printed for you” Priscilla said tossing Spike a folder. “Come along Glixor” Priscilla said headed to the door. “Meeting dismissed”

“Alright, level with me. How badly did I mess up my first impression with Captain Lux?” Joseph reluctantly asked Priscilla.
The two were dangerously close to the center of the well, where the goodies were waiting. The two were guarded, they were ready for just about any trap that could be thrown at them. 
Priscilla had a strong barrier around Joseph, obviously making him the meat shield to trip across each trap. 
“I’d say a solid eight out of ten” Priscilla answered “He seemed pretty calm with it though. Hell, I’m sure Spike is probably doing some damage control for you right now, give your brother some credit.”
At that moment of time, Spike actually was getting ready to help Joseph with damage control… in his own way.

“Alright so we’re all agreed?” Shae asked the other two
“Certainly!” Lux proclaimed loudly
“I appreciate the enthusiasm, but-” Spike said bringing the bag to the table. “This is just my request, but why don’t you just chill with us?”
“U-uh, what are you talking about?!” Lux asked, a little shocked.
“Can we drop the whole Captain bit?” Shae asked aloud, “Please? It’s so obvious that you’re acting like a pro-tryhard”
“Yeah, just be Lux while-” Spike dug through his bag, only to pull out a ‘Water Pipe’ “We smoke. Sound good?”
Captain Lux was weary for a moment, he was contemplating that offer. After a short silence there was a sigh of relief, “Sounds really fluxing good to me man. I appreciate this break from character.”
“Cool,” Spike smiled and put the piece in front of them all. He turned to Shae to ask “You providing this time?”
“I suppose, it is a special occasion after all” She tossed a grinder at Spike “Take it bitch and fill us up”
“Will do, and remember” Spike said filling the bowl “One bowl before we start the game. After all this is a legal energy enhancer.”
“Shut up bitch and get it started” Shae laughed.
The three were in their lounge, Spike and Lux were sitting on the main couch, Shae took a recliner across from Spike. The three were all around a bag on a table, which held a lot of different and odd looking pieces of glass.

“Yeah, yeah, yeah. I’m sure Lux can agree, you can’t rush a master when they’re working their magick” Spike said getting things set up.
“Not only do I agree, but I’d like to throw you two a little advice” Lux started as he leaned back in his chair, “Masters take longer than what they need, mostly they’re just procrastinating. Or waiting for the perfect moment, not the moment they’re called. People love showing off and being revered as a ‘Hero’. Usually, they’re just lazy Jarx-arses who showed up at the last possible moment, then they just act like divas.” he added with a laugh
“I fucking/fluxing knew it!” Shae and Spike said in unison.
“Yeah, there’s one certain Voyager who was the worst about that” Lux stated, “I don’t regret not falling for her game”
“Care to elaborate as to who?” Shae asked

Lux took a moment to think about whether he should, eventually he said, “After we get the bowl started” Lux said getting to business.
“I like the way you think!” Spike said finishing the set up. He grabbed the piece and handed it to Lux “You’re the guest of honor, you get the first hit.”
“You certainly do know how to make a guest feel welcomed” Lux smiled  taking the piece. He looked around the room for something, “Where’s a lighter?”
Instead of getting a lighter, Spike just extended a finger and produced a flame just above the tip of his finger.
“No Spike, we’re using this” Shae said handing her lighter to Lux.
“This works!” Lux said as he took the first hit off of Spike’s fire. After inhaling Lux smiled and said, “Watch this,” He leaned forward and started blowing some smoke rings. 
“Classy” Spike clapped, “I was not expecting that from the prestigious Lux.”
“I haven’t shown that to anyone in years” Lux smiled “Thank you guys”
“No problem, now-” Shae extended her hand “I’d prefer to not call you a bitch too, you might hold it against me and annihilate my fine ass” She said reaching for the piece.
“Phrasing” Spike giggled.
“Spike has a point,” Lux said handing the piece to Shae, “You’re beautiful and all, but I at least would like a dinner before any type of fun butt stuff”
“So what you’re saying is that if we refuse to feed you, me and my ass will remain in one piece?” Shae quipped before taking a hit. 
After the inhale she held her breath while handing the piece to Spike, “I’ll go lock the kitchen up right away!” Spike laughed before taking a hit.

“So” Shae said finally exhaling “You still have to tell us which Voyager is a total diva!  Give us the juicy details!”
“Fine” Lux laughed “Just don’t tell anyone, but The Salamander is the worst. She shows up late, bitches constantly, and will jump the bone of any decent looking male. Species usually doesn’t matter, so long as the genitalia is phallic.”
“Huh,” Shae said aloud “Spike, I guess you’re not the only Cosmic Slut. I wonder if that’s why your Trademark hasn’t been approved yet”
“Well” Spike exhaled “I guess our Cosmic Slutty paths will cross one day! When that day happens, angels will sing of it, and during! We’ll hire a choir of angels to sing and narrate our epic Cosmic Slut banging for history to enjoy! Probably Angels from Graciox Six.”
Lux couldn’t help himself anymore, he started laughing his ass off. Shae was right there with him laughing. Spike did a few bows while saying, “Thank you, thank you! I’ll be here for the rest of my long miserable life.”
“Mina almighty!” Lux said laughing “I can’t remember the last time I actually had fun around Space Knights!”
“Really?” the two said in shock.
“Alright, I’ll level with you guys.” Lux said taking the piece from Spike “When I show up to any Space Knight/Mage Guild everyone always thinks that they need to be formal with me.” Ironically stated while taking a hit from a bong.
“Well, I mean you are a high ranking official of the Order” Shae pointed out “I’d imagine most of them are just intimidated by you and your authority.”
“Fair enough,” Lux said passing the piece to Shae “I’m finding this situation to be a pleasant surprise. I’m usually stuck trying to live up to people’s expectations, hence my ‘Captain’ persona.”
“Well why not just come out and state that you want to be more casual with the people you meet with?” Spike asked.
“I say this because I’m a greedy bastad. The franchise that Captain Lux has is a freaking gold mine. My marketing and PR team are second to none” Lux told them laughing “Besides, it’s not like I’m always Lux.”
“True, you Voyagers usually have private lives right?” Spike asked.

“Well… You did not hear this from me, but yes. I have a secret life, and looking back now, I know that the change from the Coverts was worth it. See there are  two types of Voyagers out there. Those who wanted to be known, or those who wanted to have privacy in their lives.” Lux told them.
“Wait, two types?” Shae said exhaling the smoke. She passed the piece to Spike and continued “I always thought all the known Voyagers were just that, all the known Voyagers. None being hidden.”
“Yes, there are two types of Voyagers technically speaking” Spike said while Lux took a deep breath, “I’ll let Lux explain it, he probably has a speech ready.”
“So there are what we call Iconic Voyagers, those are the normal ones that the public are aware of. The others are called Covert Voyagers because they’re unknown to the masses, allowing them to take on more delicate situations.” Lux started explaining, “These guys get a bad rap because they’re the unfortunate ones who get the ugly and messy missions of the Order.”
“So like infiltration, assassinations, espionage, and those types of tasks.” Spike said before taking a hit.
“I don’t think you’re thinking large scale enough, though that stuff is definitely a part of that job.” Lux said looking to Spike , “Think more along the lines of establishing an intelligence network across the universe, quelling conflicts before they can even begin, guide groups to work for the sake of all creations, and my favorite, political enforcers. They’re the people that hold those elected to their word, by order of the Order” Lux reminisced, “I really miss that routine though, it was fun.”
“That’s your favorite why?” Spike said putting the piece and the lighter on the table “It’s cashed by the way, all I tasted was ickness in that last hit.”
“Damn, and you usually have low standards too” Shae said standing up.
“Well before we get started let me say this” Lux grabbed the piece and lighter. “The reason why I say it’s my favorite is because it usually ends in political assassinations” Lux then took another hit from the piece… and a big one at that, intimidating both of them with it.
He placed the goods on the table and stood up smiling coldly “I think if I tell you guys anymore, I might have to kill both of you.” He said exhaling. Lux started walking out of the room, but Shae and Spike were a little unnerved. 
They knew he wasn’t kidding.

“Hey Lux” Spike said following behind Shae and Lux “Can you do me a big favor? Well, for a friend.”
“Depends,” He replied, “What is it?”
“Can you give Joseph a second chance? I know he’s a little… eccentric, but he was so inspired by seeing you doing your thing back in the day that made him want to be a Space Knight.” Spike told him “You were, and are, his Hero.”
“Sounds like you know him quite well” He pointed out
“Indeed, we’re brothers” Spike told him, “Though you’d never know it.”
“Of course I’ll give him a second chance at a good impression” Lux smiled
“Yeah, we go back to the schoolyard playground, so I’m bound to know a good amount about him.” Spike reminisced “He’s a good dude, and he still gives a fuck. A rarity these days.”
“Interesting, agreed, and understood” Lux said “How long have you two known each other then?” He asked Shae, “Buddies from back in the day too?”
“Nope” Shae said “We met when he was assigned to this Guild”

“I guess it’s worth stating that Joseph was dead set on joining this guild, though now I completely know why.” Spike sighed, “Priscilla”
“Those two joined up three years ago” Shae pointed out.
“Gotcha, well… ” Lux was standing in front of the door leading to the arena, “Shall we commence?”
“Are you ready?” Spike asked Shae, “Any last words before you die?”
Shae put on a wide grin, “I’ve never been more ready! Bring it Lux!”
The three were smiling widely as they made their way to the field.

“Alright Glixor, we’re getting close to the core. Do you remember which Artifact we’re grabbing?” Priscilla asked Joseph
The two had made their way to the deepest rooms and corridors, the Well was almost done being explored. The two were following the route they had mapped out before, hopefully this will lead them to the correct end.
“The Ankh, right?” Joseph said leading the two down the hall “We didn’t even have to rush for it” He joked.
“Correct, a little too on the nose for a pyramid if I may add. If there aren’t cat statues in there, I’ll be highly disappointed.” Priscilla said following behind Joseph.
“Hey, does that room ahead look different to you?” Joseph asked Priscilla. 
Priscilla looked ahead and saw what he meant. The room was just an open room with a door on the opposite end to where the two were coming in from. The color of the room though… It was a light shade of blue.
“Huh, you think there’s any chance that’s just a normal room?” Priscilla asked sarcastically, “At least I’m not getting any readings of anything radiating from it. Dunno what it is though.”
“How do you want to handle this?” Joseph asked while he was right in front of the door, “Want to go first?”
“As if meat shield” She said kicking Joseph into the room.
Well… as it turns out, kicking your guild members into an unknown room is a bad decision. I know, how surprising. Once Priscilla kicked Joseph into the room he fell on a sensor plate, activating the room’s trap. 
A door came slamming down, separating Joseph and Priscilla. “GLIXOR!” Priscilla yelled while she started banging on the wall, Silence.
A wave of terror filled her, followed by an overwhelming sense of mortification. She just sent one of her own guild members to his death.

“Flux!” She yelled in vain, she stopped beating on the wall “Come on magickal communications work your stuff! She said changing her ear into an earpiece, once changed on she used her Virtua System to call Joseph, “I hope this works!” It actually started ringing, “Thank the scientists!”
“Priscilla what does it look like out there?!” Joseph picked up without delay. “Do you see or hear any rotating gears!? Any churning mechanisms?!”
“No,” Priscilla said placing her hands on the wall that fell down. “I’m doing an analysis on the wall that dropped down. Joseph I need you to tell me two things. First, what’s happening in there?!”
“Well I don’t know if it was triggered due to the trap going off, but it seems like this room sealed my energy,” Joseph said. “In addition to that, there was a stream of sand that was opened, so this room is filling up with sand!”
“Shix!” Priscilla said halfway through her analysis “Second question. Is the door made out of a different material than the walls?”
“No, it all seems pretty uniform, I’m looking around the room and nothing is exposed in here!” Joseph panicked.

“How much time do you have!? Any idea?!” Priscilla asked frantically. 
“I’d say two hours, tops!” Joseph reported. “Are you still by the door?!”
“Y-yes” Priscilla stammered.
“Aright, the door on this side has some deep indentations. Are there any on yours?!” He shouted
“Yes!” Priscilla said reaching in the indentations “So if we can raise this, even by a small amount, the trap shouldn’t be an issue!”
“That’s what I’m thinking!” Joseph replied
“Alright, on three!”
“One” 
“Two”
“Three!”
The two started to try to lift the door with all of their might… However after a solid five minutes of grunting while trying to lift the door, the two stopped. “Glixor…” Priscilla said trying to hide her fear “How much sand is in there? Maybe we can hold on for back up!”
“It’s up to my toes...” Joseph said slowly coming to a harrowing realization.
“Wait!” Priscilla said noticing something “My analysis just finished!”
“What’s this made out of?!” Joseph almost peladed.
“It’s!-” Priscilla stopped.
A devastating realization was made, one that broke Priscilla.
“It’s… Oricalcum… ” Priscilla said defeated. “What’s worse is… the energy from the well fortified the doors and walls… Glixor… I’m…” She couldn’t finish her sentence, she started to cry.
Joseph remained quiet, but eventually said “I have to make a call.” and hung up on his guild leader. Who was busy crying her eyes out. Priscilla fluxed up again, and she knew it. 
Her reckless decision cost her the life of her favorite team member.

“Alright, it all boils down to this!” Spike announced. 
Shae and Lux were both pretty battered and exhausted on the field, yet both of them had wide grins on their face.  Make no mistake, they weren’t harming each other (at least on purpose), but they were in an intense battle.  
“If Shae gets this goal this puts her up by two and makes her the winner! However, if Lux blocks this last shot, he’s the champ!” Spike said taking my narrating job for a moment.
“You’re good, but this is where it ends!” Lux said while taking a defensive pose “I challenge you Shae Strox!”  Lux started emitting an intensely bright aura “This is my strongest defensive position, The Last Stand. Try to see if you can top me at my best!”
“Shae, you know he’s baiting you, right?” Spike said pointing out the obvious as he started walking away.
“Oh, one hundred percent” She started getting ready, “Is that gonna stop me from trying?” Shae said as she channeled all of her energy in her hands, an energy ball emerged… and started to grow exponentially. “That just means I gotta put my all into this!”
Spike grinned “Well at least let me get out of the blast radius,” he said before running as fast as he could from the battlefield.

“Well!” Shae grinned, the ball of energy had stopped growing, “Let’s see how I stack up next to the best!”  Despite the ball’s size, the thing moved with extreme speed, with Shae right behind it. Using it to propel herself towards Lux.
“Interesting she’s still not using magick, it’s pure energy!” Lux said as he smiled to himself bracing for the impact.
From the moment of impact there was an intense explosion, one that Spike barely managed to avoid. But amidst the intense blast, Shae was still trying to push her way past Lux with every ounce of energy she had. 
The damage to the arena was a lot more than what was anticipated. When everything subsided there was hardly anything left, but there was a clear victor on the field. Spike made his way back to officially declare the winner.

“And in the last moments we have a victor!” Spike said making his way over to the two. “In the end, The Last Stand was too much for Shae!” Spike declared, “The winner is Captain Lux!”
Shae was collapsed on the ground from exhaustion, but Lux was still standing. Spike went over and raised Lux’s hand “The winner, Captain Lux!”
“Damn,” Shae said exhausted with a smile. “I thought I felt you give in.”
“Here, let me help you up Shae” Spike said walking over to her.
“Well I didn’t” Lux smiled “My arms on the other hand did”
“Wait, what?” Spike and Shae said in unison
“Spike, I could use a little help” Shae started as he offered her a hand.
“You mean a lot don’t you?” Spike sighed as he picked up Shae.
“Thank you bitch!” She said cheerfully. She turned her attention to Lux and asked, “Now what were you talking about?” 
“Well…” Lux said while standing up, only to have his arms dangle at his sides. “You broke my arms, I gotta say. I didn’t see that coming.”
“Damn, if only I had a little more juice I might have broken a few ribs too” Shae giggled to herself. “But I guess at the end of the day, I still lost.” Shae smiled as she said “Thank you for playing with me Captain Lux!”
“Alright, now that that’s over-” Spike started, only to be cut off by a loud ringing. Shae jumped out of Spike’s arms and on to her feet. With the use of his free hands, Spike smiled pulling out his new VS’s earpiece, “It’s Joseph”
“Tell him I said hi!” Lux said as he was jiggling around his noodle arms.
“Hey Joe, I heard you shot your old lady down” Spike sang putting in his ear piece, “What’s-”
Spike’s smile soon faded, as did the color from his face,“Spike?” Shae called out concerned walking back over to him.
“Time?” Spike said turning, he started sprinting towards the garage.
“Spike!?” Shae said trailing after him, naturally, Lux decided to tail them. 

“Quit saying that Joseph.” Spike said in an even tone behind the wheel of his personal ship, the ship was flying much faster than it should, “I’m going to kick your ass for talking like that.”
Spike, Shae, and Lux were in Spike’s ship, currently speeding it’s way to the well where the rest of their guild was at. “Spike I can’t go any higher… I’m already at the ceiling” Joseph’s voice rang out from the ship’s speakers. It was obvious by listening to Joseph’s irregular breathing, he was freaking out, he knew he was going to die.
“I said, if you keep talking about that I’m going to kick your ass. Do I need to repeat myself?” Spike told Joseph.
“Spike… I didn’t tell you yet, but the doors… no, the room is made out of Oricalcum.” Joseph told them “What’s worse is that they’re infused with the energy from this well, it’s fortified.”
Shae gasped, Lux couldn’t help but mutter “shix”
“Joseph Pranz Glixor, now I have to kick your ass, you’ve been warned.” Spike said landing the ship, “I’m on my way to get you right now.”
“Spike-” Joseph’s voice was cut off from the speakers. Spike transferred the call back to his ear piece.
“Everyone off the ship” Spike instructed everyone.

“Spike-” Shae started to say something, but Spike walked past her on his way to the doors. Spike opened the doors, and practically shot out. “Shix!” Shae said taking off after him “He’s always been fast, let’s try to catch up with him!” She called back to Lux.
Lux stood there for a moment in awe, that boy and girl… no, now’s not the time for that, Lux decided to follow the two...but… he couldn’t help but notice something… Spike’s speed was… Unnatural.

“How far back are you two?” Spike said over his communicator as he rushed his way to Priscilla and Joseph. “I have Priscilla in my sights”
“We’re about two minutes back.” Shae reported. “I’ll be there in one”
“PRISCILLA!” Spike yelled as he approached her.
“S-spike?” Priscilla said with a steady stream of tears falling down her face “W-what are you-” She stammered
“What I’m doing here is what you should have stopped!” Spike said reaching the door. “How the hell did this even happen?!” Spike Ignited his fists and started wailing away on the door.
“I-I don’t know” Priscilla lied to Spike, “But I can’t… we can’t-”
“Don’t you dare fucking tell me what I can and can’t do!” Spike glared over at Priscilla taking a momentary break from pounding on the door. He started up again and asked “what all have you tried?!” 
“I-I-I” Priscilla stammered. “I can’t do anything I’m a white and yellow mage-” she started to give her excuses
“You’re a fucking mess is what you are!” Spike yelled, stopping from punching the door. He extinguished his fists, revealing that his fists were bloodied and broken. Oricalcum didn’t care for the body’s elemental form, it treated the fires like his own fleshy hands.
Priscilla couldn’t help but notice that her fists were hardly dented. Spike took a deep breath and collected himself. He closed his eyes to think for a second.

‘Joseph has less than two minutes of time left, and he’s behind a wall of Fortified Oricalcum. If it’s up to regulation standards, that’s a solid 18 RU
Melting temperature of approximately twenty four thousand bAl. 
So it’s on the higher end of the supernova temperatures, I could still melt the door!
Yes, but the time required to get to that temperature would take ten minutes.
I can get it down to five if I can pour everything I got into it, and aimed the heat directly at the door. Make up for a couple of those minutes.
That still leaves him dead for three minutes. 
Maybe, but that doesn’t mean I can’t try my damnedest!
Then what about we smash it when it’s super heated! 
It’d be feasible, but let’s remember, if the room wasn’t oricalcum we would have done something stupid with our ship instead of landing it.
Just remember what Shae said, don’t do anything stupid our own.
If we can get Shae to help out we might be able to do this!’

Instantly Spike opened his eyes, Priscilla noted that the new fires of determination in his eyes at that moment, it was something that she had lost…  Long ago, before she ever met Spike.
“Priscilla leave an insulated barrier behind, beside, below, and above me. Make sure it’s able to reflect and amplify heat. Let me channel my heat directly to the door.” Spike said turning to the door “We’re going to bring this fucking door down!”
“But-”
“Listen to me for a change godsdamnit!” Spike yelled at Priscilla, “I’m going to go supernova, but I won’t have enough time to get hot enough to take care of this door myself. He’ll be dead before then! Your barrier will trap the heat in for me, but make it easy for Shae to break!”  
He clicked on his Virtua System, “Shae when you make it to me I need you to bring as much raw destructive power as you can. I’ll heat this fucking door up as much as I can for you, hopefully it’ll be malleable enough for you. You’ll have to break through Priscilla’s barrier, but I don’t think that’ll stop you at all.”
“Roger, I’ll get things ready!” Shae reported
“Priscilla, the barrier” Spike said as he turned into fire. She didn’t say anything, but she put the barrier up like she was instructed.
Spike started to heat everything up behind the barrier with his crimson and purple flames. “S-spike” Priscilla tried to say something
“Shut up and run towards Shae and Lux. Heal Lux’s arms. If Shae and I fail, Lux might be able to help still” Spike explained
Priscilla didn’t say anything, she couldn’t say anything, so she nodded and started running. Spike started funneling all of his energy into heating the door, he was furious. He hated giving his boss orders, almost as much as he hated the fact that he was going to have to kick Joseph’s ass.

Spike watched the wall start to change colors as he released all the energy he could pump out, “Come on you fucking energy, come out and pay your rent!” Spike yelled at himself, “FASTER!” To his surprise, that actually worked.
“SPIKE!” Spike heard from down the hall.
“Shae one little detail I forgot to mention-” Spike stated not looking back.
“I already knew I’m punching through you too!” Shae yelled “Ready in three… two… one!” Shae counted out.
On one, Shae kicked through the barrier Priscilla set up, punched through the galactic hellfire that was Spike, and made full contact with the door.

Lux was down the hall when Shae made contact, when he saw the aftermath. Between Spike heating up the wall and Shae’s destrucktion power, the two actually managed to bring the solid wall of oricalcum down.
Sand cascaded out of the room,  but eventually a water mage fell out of the room as well. Breathing no less. Lux watched as the friends reunited, but in all honesty Lux was in disbelief. 
Those two… Were dangerous together. 

“Alright, we’re not leaving planetside until they pick up the artifacts.” Priscilla said to everyone within earshot. 
Civil Distortion had set up a makeshift base out of Spike’s ship. People were in the hull sitting around the room going over the debriefing of the well. 
Priscilla and Joseph were still a little shaken from the whole situation, but the others were exhausted. 
Shae had spent all her energy between playing with Lux and breaking down the Oricalcum. Spike was tired from using so much raw energy, and he was complaining from being tired from running as well.
Lux was okay though, they pampered his has-been ass. 

“Right, as discussed” Shae said moving forward “We’ve decided to go with the MAIN HQ of Googleplex Internet Government facility correct?”
“Right, and they agreed to pay us twenty million creds, thanks to Lux. Thanks for the connections by the way” Priscilla smiled, “I wasn’t expecting to get this much from this ordeal. Upon our… deal. six million is awarded to each Spike and Shae, four million goes to upgrade our station, and an even two million goes to both Joseph and Myself.”
“I think that’s a fair trade. My life apparently is worth eight million credits” Joseph laughed at the situation, “I think I’m okay with that knowledge.”
“Good with me, now if it’s all the same with you guys, I think I’m going to start kicking Joseph’s ass now” Spike said getting up while stretching.
“This isn’t going to hurt me as much as it’s going to hurt you big brother” he smiled as he cracked his knuckles, grinning while making his way over to his closest, and best, friend in the universe. His brother. 
“A-any chance we can gloss over the beating?” Joseph stammered.
“Nope,” Spike answered igniting his fists, “Joseph, when you love someone, sometimes have to do terrible, terrible, things to them. Any last words?”
“Actually,” Captain Lux spoke up “Spike, I have to talk to you.”
“Oh boy” Spike sighed “I suppose this isn’t going to be pleasant”
“It all depends on you” Lux stood up and made his way out of the ship. “Shae, why don’t you join us?” Lux added.
“Want a rematch already?” Shae joked as they followed Lux

“I wonder what’s up” Joseph said attempting to get up,
“Glixor wait” Priscilla said “I want you to stay here. There’s… something that I need to say to you” She told him.
“What’s up boss?” Joseph asked sitting next to her.
“Glix… No, Joseph” Priscilla said with shame “Joseph… I’m so sorry I put you at risk. I’m a giant flux up”
“Hey, no sweat!” Joseph said trying to cheer her up, “I’m alive and breathing, I think that we can chalk up today as a win.”
“No Joseph, this is not okay” She said looking towards him, he noticed that she was tearing up. “Joseph, if we hadn’t had Spike’s quick thinking and Shae’s brute force, you’d be dead. This whole situation came from me being so reckless… I essentially killed you because I was stupid”
“Well, I can’t really argue that,” Joseph said with a sigh.
“Joseph… is there anything I can do to earn your forgiveness?” Priscilla asked, “I’m so sorry for today, and every other day I’ve done nothing.”
“Hmmm, well, how about this” Joseph smiled. “Go out on a date with me. If things go well and we enjoy ourselves, consider going out on a second and third with me. However, if it ends up being a giant catastrophe, like Spike predicts, we’ll at least say we gave it an honest to goodness shot.”
“Joseph” Priscilla smiled gently, “flux it, why not?”she beamed after saying that, “That sounds lovely.”
“Holy shix that actually worked!?” Joseph asked in complete surprise.
“On one condition,” Priscilla said “Never tell Spike what actually happened today. We both know that he’d freak out and fillet me.” 
“Yeah, he doesn’t need to have any more ammo on you than what he has” Joseph admitted “If he finds this out, we’ll never hear the end of it. Rightfully so.”
“Agreed” Priscilla exhausted. 

Priscilla was silent for a few moments, “Spike’s got a point you know… I haven’t done anything with myself in years.” she eventually said Joseph wanted to comfort her somehow, but he couldn’t. 
He didn’t know what to say. Instead, he just decided to listen to her. “Now look at me, I’m stupid enough to be careless, despite knowing that we were in a dangerous place.” Priscilla continued “He’s right, I’m a has been.”
Joseph stepped in then, he knew what to say now, “Well then, why don’t you prove him wrong?” He said with a smile.
“Excuse me?” Priscilla asked in shock
“Better yourself, get back out on the field!” Joseph smiled “You’re not offline, so you can start getting yourself back into shape!” He extended his hand “I’ll help you Priscilla” 
Priscilla was stunned for a moment, then a smile spread across her face. “Sounds good to me” Priscilla said taking Joseph’s hand, “Thank you so much Joseph, for everything.”

“So what’s up Captain?” Spike asked Lux.
The three had made their way to the entrance to the Pyramid, Lux had led them out this far for some reason. Lux was looking towards the pyramid, Spike and Shae were looking at him. Wondering what he was thinking.
“Do we need to be concerned that we caused a massive amount of damage?” Shae asked “Oricalcum isn’t cheap” she said trying to get Lux to speak.
“We’ll split the damages, no pun intended,” Spike said with a smile, “I’m sure that between the two of us we can repay the debt with the money we’re getting from this mess” 
Lux remained silent.

“Lux?” Spike called out.
“That’s Captain Lux” He said coldly, “There’s a severe issue that I need to address with the two of you”
Shae and Spike were now on guard, “What issue is there?”
“Before I get started, I need to state that I was originally sent here on a mission, not a whim.” Lux reached into his pocket and pulled out an envelope “Shae, take this envelope, but do not open it until I say so.”
“S-sure” Shae said grabbing the envelope.
“What I need to talk to you both about is a blatant violation of the law.” Lux said at them.  Shae and Spike froze when they saw the grave look from Captain Lux, he looked like a man ready to kill.

“You two know that relationships are forbidden amongst Space Knights. I will not stand for this violation of the law.”

Social Medias
Twatters Posts
@Priscilla_Mokolov: Does anyone know of some good first date ideas? #Help #awkwardandroid

@BossLadyWith8008S: Alright, gonna go one on one with the biggest baddest mofoi out there, wish me luck! #DreamsComeTrue

Face-In-Space Updates
Spike Frusciante: These are just a few snapshots I took of the Vice Captain playing Ultimate Sport against Captain Lux!

Joseph Glixor: Truly, there’s a silver lining for everything!



Chapter 8
To The Limit

“You know that Mage Knights can’t be in relationships” Captain Lux stated firmly, “With improper emotional management a mage’s energy can become uncontrollable, and can destroy everything around that person.”

Spike and Shae were at a crossroad, they had two options.The first was that they could try to deny their relationship. To lie.
However they both had agreed what to do if anyone found out about them.

“Godsdamnit, we’ve fallen into the worst case scenario I was afraid of happening” Spike muttered. “Up against him! The Biggest and Baddest Bastad!”
“What do you want?” Shae glared at Lux, taking Spike’s hand in hers, which seemed to actually help focus him.
“Good, not trying to deny it I see” Lux said coldly.
“I believe she asked you a question” Spike said sternly, backing up Shae.
“What I want is to bring an end to this” Lux glared back at the two, “End this relationship right now, if you do-”
“That’s not happening!” Spike and Shae said in unison. Lux couldn’t help but notice, but Spike and Shae were now holding hands with such force, giving each other strength.  Providing their sparks of determination, despite shaking like leaves.
“I don’t think you quite understand the situation you two are in.” Captain Lux growled, “If you two don’t end this relationship, I’ll report you both. The Order will can your asses. I’ll turn you two over when the Government officials arrive.” He threatened
“Then so be it” Shae boldly stated.
“Good luck taking us alive” Spike added on.

Captain Lux was momentarily uncertain of whether or not he could say anything to them that would change their minds. “There are severe ramifications for this.” Captain Lux started “As stated in the laws of the Space Habitation Declaration that-”
“In Section XV paragraphs XI- XX go into detail about how severe punishments are for this type of offence.” Spike started “We fall under the Third Level of their categories, only on a technicality. Otherwise we’re a full five and I’d be rotting on one of the various prison planets.”
“Our punishment would be immediate dishonorable discharge, complete surrender of our Order related bank accounts, five years in jail for myself, as well as having our energies sealed away until we break them.” Shae stated. “Not like we’re planning to be taken, we’ll take you down first!”
Captain Lux was stunned silent, these two… these two actually knew exactly what would happen. Kudos, that’s some serious testicular fortitude.  “We’re well aware of the consequences of our relationship,” Spike said next. “So if you intend to report us, fine.”
“But, you’d better hope that we don’t get a head start on you” Shae growled
“We’ve planned for the worst case scenario” Spike spoke up “We’re ready for whatever you have to throw at us” 
“Who says I’m going to let you leave here?” Captain Lux gravely grinned

A tense atmosphere enveloped the three.
Spike and Shae were ready to do whatever it took to get out of there together, and of course Spike had prepared a plan for them. However, he’d still need a tremendous amount of luck to pull it off right now.
Shae had locked eyes with Lux, trying to anticipate any attack that Captain Lux would throw at the two. Spike’s hair was raging crimson and violet as his eyes changed to focus on Lux. Captain Lux was merely silent, glaring at the two.

The three were just waiting for someone to move first. 
Whoever blinks first, would lose.

The standstill lasted far longer than anyone had any attention for.

“I feel like this situation isn’t going to turn out well for anyone” Captain Lux broke the silence “How about this, I’ll make a bet with you guys.”
The two were still silent, until Shae broke their silence “Go on”

“Spike,” Lux turned his attention to the fire mage “I challenge you.”
“Challenge me?” Spike asked confused “In what?”
“You’re pretty fast” Lux started “So how about a race?”  Captain Lux walked over to Spike and Shae. In the sand he drew a straight line, “This will be our start and finish line” Captain Lux explained.
“A race?” Spike was thrown off.
“Yes, a race.” Captain Lux stated turning around to look at the pyramid “The objective is simple, there are artifacts in the well that are locked up because they’re not ready to be exhumed. However they will serve as our targets.”
“So the first one to come back out with an artifact wins?” Spike asked.
“Correct, win or lose, the artifacts go back though” Captain Lux added. “If I win, I get to decide both of your fates.”
“What if I win?” Spike asked unwaveringly.
“Then I won’t tell The Order.” Lux said laughing, “Good luck with that one.” He powered himself up to a terrifying amount of power, far beyond either of them had ever felt.
“What are the rules?” Spike asked unfazed. 

Captain Lux turned back and grinned. Before Spike could react, Lux leaned back and decked him. Hard.
Spike was punched backwards and downward, making a decent sized crater. Captain Lux laughed and started running, he yelled back, “There are no rules you Frusciante punk!”
Shae ran over to Spike to help him up immediately “Spike are you-”
“I’m fine” Spike said taking Shae’s hand. “Listen I’m going in, but he’s not going to let me pass him twice.”
“Then how-”
“Shae I’m going to need your help” Spike said getting up “I need you to hit him with whatever you have left after today. I don’t care what else you see, but as soon as you see him exit the well, hit him. Hard. That should provide me enough of an opportunity to pass him. I’ll give you a heads up somehow.”
Without delay Shae nodded with a smile, and told him “I believe in you.”
Spike smiled and nodded, he turned around and made a mad dash into the pyramid, he had to catch up to Captain Lux.

“I’ll give you credit Spike!” Lux said blocking the doorway to the artifact storage, in his hand was a small artifact. “You’re a faster runner than I am, but that’s not going to help you win. My reflexes are far faster than you are”
“That may be, but I’d like to think I’m smarter!” Spike rushed towards Lux
“Well let’s see how smart the man is who’s running right at me!” Lux said leaning back. “Let’s see you manage this!”
During the punch, Spike turned into flames, so the area Lux punched was gone, however the rest of the flames rushed past Lux. Spike took his normal form behind Lux “There’s my shift”
“Good, I won’t let it happen again” Lux chuckled as he took off back out towards the entrance “Good luck getting past me again!”

“You’re close, but still never going to win!” Lux said cockily. 
The two were getting close to the entrance of the pyramid, Lux had a small lead, but Spike was right behind him. 
“Pride cometh before the fall!” Spike said igniting himself, and instantly heating up the entire place. He used his fire to try and propel him forward.
The light from the outside was now visible, Lux grinned. “Better luck next time, punk!” Lux said using a decent amount of destrucktion energy to propel him forward. 
The first effect of said energy caused Spike’s flames to extinguish, forcing him back into his normal state. The second effect of the energy was that it sent Lux flying forward.
Lux feared that he had won with that move, but to his surprise when he exited the Pyramid he felt a large amount of force smack him right in the head.
Lux was sent flying off course, and as soon as he corrected himself he saw what caused him to go flying off course. Shae.

She was now thoroughly exhausted and collapsed on the ground, but that’s not all that Lux saw. He also saw Spike make a mad dash for the finish line with his relic. Lux couldn’t help but chuckle by what he realized.
Spike didn’t turn on fire to try to pass, he did it to let Shae know how close we were, and masking her energy so that she could hit him dead on. 
Lux laughed as he admitted to himself that Spike was the smarter one.

Normally, he’d admit defeat. But not yet, Lux had to follow through with his plan. No matter what the cost is.
Using enough Destrucktion magick to destroy a tectonic plate (which is exactly what happened), Lux used his energy to change his trajectory back towards the race, he didn’t care about any collateral damage.
Not when he was so close. When Lux changed his trajectory, he didn’t aim for the finish line. He aimed himself directly at Spike.

In a matter of a fraction of a second, Lux was close to the redhead,  reaching towards Spike’s arm. Spike realized that a little too late and was terrified. Lux almost had his grasp on Spike’s arm, when it happened.
Lux noted that Spike’s arm… no, Spike’s whole body, went from one location to one completely outside Lux’s reach. Without moving.
Lux smiled to himself as he proceeded to go flying off course.

Spike crossed the finish line beating Captain Lux, and saved his relationship.  Not too bad for a pair of morons, beating the biggest and baddest of the Order. Makes you wonder about the competence of this whole convoluted system.

“Well,” Lux started to say as he approached Shae and Spike, who were now collapsed on the ground just past the finish line, next to each other. They were completely drained after the day they just had. 
“I did say no rules,” Lux said stopping next to the collapsed couple. “By the way Shae, nice punch!” he said rubbing his cheek.
“W-we won.” Spike said wrapping his arm around Shae.
“Yes we did!” Shae said resting her head on Spike’s chest. “We won babe!”
“Well technically Spike’s the winner, but nonetheless” Lux sighed “You two beat me. Well done!” he clapped, “Damn, that hurts the ego something fierce!” he said… giggling to himself… ?
“What now Captain Lux?” Spike growled, slightly confused why Lux had started smiling, “We won, you lost”
“That you did” Lux said looking down at the two. “Shae open that envelope, and why don’t both of you read what’s inside.”
“O-kay” she stammered while reaching into her pocket. Shae and Spike sat up when Shae pulled out the letter. She opened it up and pulled out a piece of paper which read

‘To Shae and Spike, or better yet, to Shake.
First and foremost, please forgive my attitude for being so harsh. I personally don’t give a fuck about you guys being a relationship. In fact, I have zero intention of turning you two in after I win. So you both can relax.
It’s hard to find anyone to fall in love with, and you two seem like a good match for each other. Never lose each other, you two are precious together.
So you might ask, why the charade? Well, that’s a long story.  
Long story short, I needed Spike to be in a dire panic. Much like when he was in the pyramid we were running to save Joseph, because I noticed something. Spike’s speed was unnatural, and I needed to see it up close to see how it worked.
So now you’re wondering about why I’m here in the first place, eh? Well, that’s a longer story, one I’d rather tell verbally, and not write it out.
So, now that the truth is known, let’s talk.
-Captain Lux’

Spike and Shae were stunned silent for a moment before they said anything, eventually there was a stupefied “WHAT?!” from both of them.
“I’m surprised my bad acting skills fooled you both!” Lux said laughing like a moron, “Bwahah! Mina’s sake, I might die of laughter!”
“So this whole thing, this whole. fucking. thing. Was just to get me into a panic?!” Spike asked completely bewildered.
“Alright, alright.” Lux said trying to calm down Spike, “Let me explain myself, as well as my little test.”

“So first thing’s first, why ‘I’ decided to visit this guild” Lux said with the proper quotations, “That was just a front, I was actually told by the Boss to check out a candidate that he thought had potential. That candidate is you Shae”
“Me?” Shae asked completely confused “Candidate for what?”
“For my replacement” Lux told her plainly.
It was either out of disbelief of what they heard, or the more probable cause of their brains were so slow when it comes to thinking, but neither Spike nor Shae knew how to react upon hearing those words.
Eventually there was a very familiar sounding, “WHAT?!”

“You two really like that word” Lux chuckled.
“Wait, wait, wait” Shae said sitting up right now, “Your replacement?!”
“Yes, my replacement” He said plainly.
“What’s going to happen to you?!” Shae asked.
“Oh I’ll go into retirement in my final years.” He told them
“RETIREMENT?!” they both blurted.
“Voyagers don’t retire… do they?” Spike asked.
“Rarely” Lux told them both “Usually we die before we can retire”
“That makes zero sense Lux” Shae said gaining some composure.

“Alright, so let me explain.” Lux said taking a deep breath, “There are some of us Voyagers that are entrusted with spells of such a magnitude that are both forbidden and otherworldly powerful.”
“So those Voyagers have to find someone to pass their skills to before they can retire?” Spike asked Lux.
“Well, the Order would like us to. Some of us don’t have to, but some of us aren’t given a choice” Lux told them
“So which category do you belong to?” Shae asked.
“I fall into the category of not being given a choice.” Lux told them both.
“So why Shae?” Spike asked.
“Well apparently the geezer was rather impressed with your performance in a broadcast brawl, and thought you were worth checking out” Lux told both of them grinning,  “Upon meeting with you I gotta agree with the Geezer for once, you are an excellent candidate to learn what I have to teach.” Lux continued “What do you say Shae? Wanna be my replacement?”
Shae was in complete shock from what she heard, unable to answer.

“Well, while she processes that information, Spike-” Lux turned his attention to the redhead. He was silent for a moment before saying, “You wouldn’t have any Kraken DNA in you from any of your Frusciante ancestors?”
“Uhh, nope.” Spike said unsure of why he was asked “Mostly just Dragon and Demon, hence me being a Fire Mage.”
“I guess that makes sense” Lux said while still thinking about something “Spike, the reason I ask is because… Well, you have a second type of Magick at your disposal, one that… there’s only ever been one mage with that type of magick. Wait, I shouldn’t say it like that” 
Lux cleared his throat, “There’s only one mage I’ve ever met with that type of magick.” Lux corrected himself.
“Say what now?” Spike asked in confusion. “How can I have a second magick type? I thought that-”
“Well it’s exceedingly rare now, but back in the day it was extremely common for  mages to master multiple types of magick.” Lux stated “These people weren’t born with any particularly strong type of magick either, so they could learn any type… with a few exceptions. Like with your second magick Spike, it’s not something that can be learned, it’s… exceptionally rare magick.”
“Uh, Captain I appreciate the lesson, but I’ve just been trained to have Fire Magick. Thanks to killing Kivla, I’m now using my super powered state with both my dragon and demon energies. No magick, I think I’d know about it otherwise” 
Spike stated, “I’m able to put everything into my hits now, though I may have taken lessons from Shae how to do this though” he smiled to himself as he kissed her forehead as she was still stunned. “But that’s not magick, that’s me”
“Well you don’t know about it. You just use it instinctually” Lux told Spike.
“Uhhh, beg pardon?” Spike said in confusion
“Alright, I’m going to need you to think about what was going through your mind and what your body felt like in two different situations” Lux told him.
“Alrighty, I’ll try.” Spike said unsure of himself.

“That’s all I ask” Lux smiled “Alright first up. How did you feel when you were running from your ship to go save Joe?”
“Uhhh” Spike thought for a moment “Well my mind was focused on my body to move at a faster rate despite my body’s limitations, and my body just obeyed my orders to the best of it’s abilities, like all bodies do in times of danger. To push past my limits to save my brother. No Magick involved”
“Interesting,” Lux said noting something for himself. “Alright second situation,” Lux said moving along “What about when I was mere moments from grabbing you during our race?”
“This one’s simple” Spike giggled “What went through my mind was me yelling NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!” 
“No Spike,” Lux said calmly “I’m being serious”
“So am I” Spike said hesitantly “Well… mostly”
“Mostly?” Lux asked.

Spike was silent for a moment, begrudgingly he said, “I thought that if I was just a fraction of a second ahead of where I was at, that I’d be able to avoid you…Similar to how I forced so much energy out of me to help bring down the door of death to save Joseph” he tacked on for himself.
“You’re starting to see the pattern, aren’t you?” Lux asked Spike.
“If” Spike started “If I would have this second type of magick, why don’t I know about it? I mean Magick isn’t something that can be hidden from the caster… can it?”
“Well that’s partly true, but Spike tell me something” Lux said taking a quick breath, “You’re a pretty decent tactician from my research on the Notorious Single Son. Plenty of assassinations, corrupting and cursing government officials, and even taking out that entire fleet of battleships! You’re from the notorious The Frusciante Family bloodline, The Single Son. Or should I call you Bloodwing Jr? He’s quite notorious… Well, he was anyhow. Bloodwing Killed Him.”

Spike then did something that Shae, despite being six inches from his face, didn’t see happen. Shae was still in la-la land at the thought of being the replacement for the biggest, baddest badass in all of the universe.

Spike’s eyes changed to a familiar black with glowing dark red irises
“I’m certain that you don’t know what you speak of” Spike growled “With all due respect, It would be best to not speak about that which does not concern you directly, sir.” Spike glared at Lux “I’ve castrated men for less.”
“Rest assured, I’m not insinuating anything, but I do know that you have done some impressive work in the past, which leads me to ask you this” Lux said trying to defuse Spike’s anger, “What is the most notorious part of all of Bloodwing’s plans? What allowed your former organization to complete ninety nine percent of all publicly known operations?” He asked with a grin
Spike blinked and his eyes returned to normal, “Easy, there’s always a game changer when the chips are down. Never play a losing game, change the game.”
“Exactly, there’s always an ace up the sleeve”  Lux smiled “Spike a person’s magick is very much a reflection of the person’s psyche. That’s why emotions can affect energy and magick so much. If infuriated, magick tends to end with a bang. If saddened, energy can’t be properly used for more complex spells.”

“So, let me see if I know where you’re going with this.” Spike said “You’re telling me that there’s always been something in me that I only use when I know I’m screwed?” He said reaching that conclusion.
“Bingo” Lux smiled “Spike, I even know what type of magick you have.”
“Is it a Speed based Magick?” Spike asked “Basically making me the Flash, but with speed magick and fire!?”
“That reference is almost half as  old as I am, wow.” Lux said sincerely surprised,  “Anyhow, that’s what I thought at first too” Lux told him “But no, that would be the more common magick. No Spike, you’re a Time Mage”
“Actually, now that you point it out...” Spike trailed off.
“Lot of things start making sense?” Lux laughed.
“Big time” Spike said deep in thought.

“Wait wait wait” Spike said thinking of something “You said you’ve only known one Time Mage out there, right?”
“That’s correct, and I see where you’re going” Lux answered with a shit eating grin of his own.
“Good, because I can list three different Time Mages throughout time. All Voyagers, and oddly, all had an association with you.”
“Well my statement still stands” Lux said taunting him “So, what does that mean?”
“That you’re older than dirt,” He started, “and it’s just been that one dude the entire time… Even Madame Minute?” Spike asked in disbelief.
“With magick you can be anything” Lux told him. 
“True enough” Spike sighed “Spells are our Deus Ex Machina”
“It’s a good thing you like to smoke, because they’re a huge stoner.” Lux laughed, “They’ll have fun with you”

“Wait, you want me to be your replacement?!” Shae said coming back to reality. “Me? Like, Shae Strox?!”
“Ah damn, I was about to get a permanent marker” Spike said changing the conversation’s direction.
“Wait, how long was I out?” Shae asked the two “Things seem different”
“For the sake of fluid storytelling, I’ll tell you what happened later tonight before we fall asleep” Spike said to Shae “For now let’s focus on you.”
“Okie dokie!” Shae said happily.
“W-wow, that’s really convenient” Lux said a little surprised, “Or just overly egotistical.”
“So Lux,” Spike said moving the conversation forward “What does being your replacement detail for Shae?”
“Well I’m glad you asked” Lux grinned “It involves me taking you under my wing and start training you!”
“Training?” Shae asked “But I’m already-”
“What’s that? If I recall, I won our game” Lux chuckled “What I can teach you is about how you channel the tremendous amount of energy you have into the special techniques I can teach you.”
“So how long am I going to be under your tutelage?” Shae asked.
“I’d say about six years” Lux told her “Spike I can get you to Captain Chrono in two days, they can teach you about your powers”
“How long will I be taught?” Spike asked
“It’s Time Magick, I’m pretty sure I can’t give you an estimate. Impossible really.” Lux said “From what I know, it took them a long time to master that power. I think it took them about eighty years in the normal flow of time. I remember them struggling for a long time to learn, but they didn’t have anyone to show them the ropes either.”
“You sound like you know this person rather well” Shae stated
“Yes, I was actually able to watch them grow up” Lux grinned “Wow, that was ages ago, time certainly flies!”
“Uhhh, Captain…” Shae started to say something “The earliest Time Mage I can think of was about fifteen thousand years ago.”
“Yes, what’s your point?” Lux said
“How old are you?” Shae asked.
Lux grinned and simply said “I’m an old fart, I’ll keep it at that”
“What exactly are you Lux?” Spike asked 
“I’m me” Lux said not answering Spike. “But enough about me, Shae!” He said turning his attention to the girl. “Are you up for six years of intense training?!”
Shae was silent for a moment, she finally said “I have one condition”
“Oh?” Lux laughed “I like your gaull kid”
“Thank you” Shae said happily “My condition is that I want you to give Spike, Joseph, Myself, and Priscilla if she wants to, training all for us to be better Space Knights. Whip us into shape!”
“Well…” Lux said thinking for a moment “Fine, I suppose I can accomodate all of you for some heavy training,” He chuckled “Maybe I’ll be able to make something respectable out of this guild.” 

“OH!” Spike called out, instantly stealing the attention of Shae and Lux “Lux, I have a favor that I need to ask you! A huge favor at that.”
“Oh?” Lux said curious “What favor is that?”
“Is it within your persuasion to have all the Voyagers not participate in this Year’s Battle of the Best?” Spike asked. He heard Shae giggle after hearing him.
“I mean I could probably do it, but why would you ask something like that?” Lux posed a question to Spike.
“Alright, now this all stays between us, okay?”Spike asked
“Can’t do, I have to give details when I report in later” Lux told him “But the Geezer is usually okay with a lot of weird stuff” He said trying to reassure him “I’ll even leave a few details out if I feel like it would be more harmful to tell”
“Alright, I have a bet with Priscilla” Spike said putting on a cocky grin “If I win the Battle of The Best this year, she has to blow me. I’ll even have a witness to confirm that it happened”
Lux couldn’t help himself when he heard that, he lost his shix. After a couple of minutes he finally calmed down to ask, “and you’re okay with this Shae? I mean you are his significant other”
“I’ll be the one there watching” Shae smiled devilishly, “This goes beyond sex, Lux. This is a teaching tool. She needs to be humbled.”
“Mina’s sake!” Lux said laughing again. “You two are one hell of a couple!” He eventually calmed down again. “Yes Spike, I can easily get all the Voyagers out of the competition! This is truly a noble quest, I’m honored to help!”
With that the three started to giggle like little bitches.

“Oh Hey!” Shae said aloud as she was given a piggyback ride from Spike “Lux, can I ask you a question?” 
The three were near the ship from walking from the well.
“What’s up?” He asked
“Would it be a good idea if we kept this relationship a secret from my parents?” Shae asked “Because if I’m being honest, I want nothing more in the omniverse than to have my parents meet Spike”
“Does their approval matter that much to you?” Captain Lux asked
“Not in the slightest” She answered without hesitation “I just know that my folks will love him. My parents and I are super close, so I’ve been wanting to tell them since we started dating.” She sighed “But...”
“But, if we did that we risk somehow drawing more attention to both of us as a couple. Things like her parents going through old posts and pictures on social media that have both of us in it” Spike said “Not to mention they might let it slip unintentionally… scratch that, they definitely will let it slip unintentionally”. 
“That’s sound reasoning” Captain Lux said “I’d honestly say keep it a secret for now. Not to mention, you’d be telling them that you’re breaking the law
“Damn” Shae sighed “I love my parents so much, I know it was their training that got me to where I am today. To get me to meet my smokin’ hot man” She said hugging Spike.
Captain Lux asked somewhat intrigued, “Why do you say that?”
“Because my powers woke up when I was super young in life, and it just so happens that both of my parents are former Space Knights. They left due to each other, IE, they started dating. About two hundred years later and I pop out!”
“Isn’t that ironic” Spike giggled
“Instead of keeping it a secret, they both left the Order just so they could be together and have a family” Shae smiled and nuzzled her head against the back of Spike’s head, “As far as I’m concerned, this big bitch is already my family”
“I love you too Shae” Spike said smiling
“You don’t think they can keep that secret?” Lux asked a little shocked “I mean they went through that exact same thing/”
“Lux, my folks can’t keep a secret to save their lives. That’s the reason they left the Order, they knew they wouldn’t be able to keep it a secret” Shae sighed, “That’s why Xanta Claus was ruined for me as a kid”
“I see” Lux said thinking. “Well if that is the case I certainly see the need for all the secrecy, shame”
“Yupp” Spike said “Say, what would we need to do if we wanted to do that Lux? How can we break the law and get away with it?”
“Well...” Lux said caught off guard. He was silent for a moment, before saying. “Well, you’d have to essentially have a high ranking officer of the Order break the law and give absolutely zero punishments. They can then report the fact that you’re a known couple, have it officalized that you two are still a couple, and enter it into our database as such” 
“So what I’m hearing is that I’d have an easier time convincing a devil to apologize for his actions to the gods” Spike stated
“Isn’t that a touch racist?” Shae giggled and gently kicked his sides
“Not demons, a devil. Evil spirit incarnate” Spike sighed “But you knew that you brat” he smiled.
“Sure did!” She kissed the top of Spike’s head  before resting her head against his “I loooooove you Spike!”
“I love you too baby” Spike smiled as he continued walking.

“Are you serious!?” Joseph asked, failing to contain his excitement.
“Breathe Joseph” Spike said even toned, “He’s not joking either.”
“Then, you’re really joining us!?” Priscilla asked in astonishment.
“Yes I am!” Captain Lux beamed “I’m joining as a Trainer, and as a volunteer Field Operative. I hope you’re all ready for my training, I’ll make warriors out of you all!”
Right now the group was on the way home with Spike’s Priscilla’s ships synch up and merged together. Doing so allowed a meeting room with extra space. A couch, couple tables, and a couple monitors, it’s supposed to be treated as a makeshift war room. Yes. Order regulated morphing robotic ships, to make a meeting room. The future is truly a wondrous place.

“You’re training us?!” Joseph said practically beside himself in fanboy joy, failing to stay seated.
“You’re all welcome, by the way” Shae said practically demanding recognition as she rested, “This is aaalllll because of me!” She pointed to herself.
“Shae I’m going to give you one million I just got as a thank you!” Joseph said pulling out his Cred Card and pressed a few buttons on his Virtua System. 
“Thank you!” Shae said taking the card, pressed it up to a scanner on her Virtua System. After an audible beep, Shae tossed the card back. Shae turned to Priscilla “What do you have to say?” She was grinning widely.
“Thank you for helping all of us in Civil Distortion!” Priscilla said bowing, “But I’m not giving you so much as a single credit.”
“You’re welcome” Shae said cheekily appeased “and you smart ass?” She looked across the room to Spike “What do you have to say?”
“Nothing” Spike grinned as he rested back on the couch. 
“Spike!” Priscilla and Joseph yelled in unison.
“Fine, thank you for convincing Lux to help all of us” Spike put on a smartass’ grin “I’m sure the literal banging contract you two have was up to both of your standards” He said joking. “Just remember to use protection”
“What, did you want all the sweet lovin’ from Lux?” Shae retorted. “I think in fairness you should let Joe have this one, I’m sure his Fanboy attitude would absolutely love that experience”
“Joseph you wanna defend yourself or are you just gonna accept that fate?” Spike asked him, “I’d be more than happy to help with either”

“Enough kidding around” Lux said grabbing everyone’s attention. “If I’m going to train you all, I need to understand why all of you decided to become Space Knights. What made you choose this life?”
“Ah, you ask the real questions” Priscilla commented. “Well who wants to go first?” She asked, despite knowing who would pipe in first.
“ME!” Joseph yelled “I want to be a great Space Knight just like you! You saved my planet many moons back, but I remember seeing you smile widely when you brought down a-”
“Are you talking about that incident in Aquamas with the rouge Voyager?” Lux asked Joseph, despite knowing the answer.
“YES!” Joseph practically screamed.
“I was just doing my duty” Lux smiled
“Alright before he continues.” Spike said reaching over and covering Joseph’s mouth, “I’ll go next.” Spike smiled and coldly said “I became a Space Knight so that way I can legally kill my Father”
“Yes, yes, Patricide is always a wonderful motivator,” Lux said slightly caught off guard. “Spike, have you ever considered talking to a professional?”
“I am a professional” Spike stated.
“A professional in psychology” Lux sighed.

“Alright, so moving along” Priscilla said trying to move the conversation away from the topic of Patricide. “I guess I’ll go next!”
“By all means!” Lux said putting his smile back on.
“I want to prove that Androids can be accomplished Mages” She said “I’m so sick of people assuming that my kind are just factory made tools. We think, we feel, we have emotions, we fear for our lives, and we can think for ourselves. I’m a mage damnit! I choose this life because I want to!”
“You’re fighting against prejudice, not an easy fight” Captain Lux said “But with your hard work, I’m sure you’ll be remembered for your work!”
“T-thank you Captain Lux!” Priscilla said a little surprised by his words.
“So I guess that leaves me” Shae spoke up “my reasoning isn’t as special as the others” She said. “I joined the Space Knights because I want to see where I can go in life. Both literally and figuratively”
“You’re chasing your destiny” Captain Lux smiled. “That’s a noble pursuit”
“I- mean, I guess you could say that” Shae said slightly shocked

“Hey sorry to be the old Geezer here” Spike spoke up from the couch, he stretched out for a second “But I’m pretty pooped after today. Can we call it a night as soon as we get back?” He proposed before yawning
“I agree” Shae backed up that proposal with a yawn, “Spike any way I can pay you to carry me to my room?” She asked looking over to him, “Plllleeeaasee? I can pay you when we get into my room!”
“I guess I can be bought for five hundred thousand credits,” Spike said standing up, “Sound good?”
“Deal, I’ll pay you when we get to my room.” Shae said standing up, “Do you guys want a piggyback ride?” She asked jumping on Spike’s back, “It’s only five hundred thousand a ride! My treat!”
“I am not gonna ride that pony,” Joseph told them “I am gonna go to bed though.”
“After the day we’ve all had, I think that’s a pretty good idea.” Priscilla said.
“Alright, tomorrow will be an introduction day to the work out regimen that I have planned for you all!” Lux smiled, “I’ll see all of you bright and in the morning! Let’s meet at six!” Spike was the only one who said anything objecting to the time, the others all told him to stop being such a spoiled baby.

“And that’s my report. About the game, the rescue, race, and briefing” Lux reported, “After everything, I know that I’ve finally found my replacement.”
“Are you sure about this Captain?” The man on the Ship’s monitors asked happily, “It’s nice to see you determined again, but are you certain?”
“I’m sure you old Geezer” Captain Lux laughed, “I’m joining Civil Distortion as a Trainer as well as being a Field Operative.”
The two were having a conversation inside of Captain Lux’s private ship. The others were on their own mothership, fast asleep after such an eventful day.
“Who are you calling old? If memory serves… ah never mind.” The man changed his mind “So I take it you approve the candidate” He smiled 
“I do, not only that but I found something interesting too” Lux smiled “I found a second Time Mage”
“Really?” The Man asked in surprise “I thought there was only one?”
“I thought so too” Lux told him “But I saw it first hand, and If anyone knows what Time Magick looks like, I’m the guy”
“True enough” He said “So you want me to tell him to get to your location?”
“Yes please” Lux said “Also I need you to ban all Voyagers from entering the tournament this year, can you help me?”
“Of course” The Man said curiously “What’s the reason?”
“Well I’ll keep it at this. There’s a bet in place that, if this person wins, there will be a lesson in humility for their Captain. One that’s long overdue” Lux grinned “Trust me, I’ll tell you the details after it happens.”
“I won’t ask for the details, but I will do as you ask” He said happily. 

“There’s one thing that I want to ask you, back pedaling a little bit” 
“What’s up?” Lux asked.
“Has there ever been any other Time Mages in your life?” He asked Lux
“Nope, just that one. No idea why it’s so rare” Lux lied.
“I guess the law of infinite probability does allow something like this to happen” The man said. “Who’d of thought we’d find two great mages in one, rather lacking, guild. What about the other two?”
“Well…” Lux trailed off.
“This doesn’t sound too promising” The old man laughed
“The leader has been a lazy ass, she hasn’t even kept her battle software up to date, not to mention she needs some serious improvements all around” Lux said “The other one isn’t too bad. He’s just kinda… forgettable. Maybe I just need to see these two in action to get a better impression of them”
“Doubtful” The man pointed out.
“But I’m sure that I can make something from both of them” Lux grinned
“Good to hear” The man smiled.

“So, I have a question for you” Lux said changing the conversation “Your little heads up about the Frusciante was much appreciated. As well as the Aquamas reminder, I completely forgot that mission.”
“Ah yes the boy, I forgot I asked you to check into that mess” The man admitted “Well, what did you find out about  the Frusciante?”
“He’s definitely not associated with that Organization anymore,” Lux smiled “Quite the opposite. He honestly intends to destroy it all”
“Really!?” The man asked in shock “I’ll go ahead give Civil Distortion all intel we have on him, when you think he’s ready.”
“Spike will definitely annihilate him if given the chance. I’ll let you know when he’s ready to strike.” Lux told him, “I believe he doesn’t have any intention to go back to that lifestyle too.”
“What evidence do you have to support that?” The man asked.
“Well first of all, you should have seen the look he gave me when I mentioned him and his family, if I wasn’t sure he was exhausted I would have been ready for him to come at me like a savage animal” Lux told him
“Well that might be an act, is there any other evidence?” The man asked.
“Two more pieces actually” Lux said “The first is that his main goal in life is to kill his father. So I think Patricide is a nice piece of evidence”
“I agree, what’s the last piece of evidence?” The man asked amused by the previous answer.
“He has a girlfriend, it’s his guild’s Vice-Captain actually” Lux smiled.
“I see, I take it you did your whole lecture about relationships?” He asked Lux, “Or do I need to?”
“Yes I did, but they’re clearly not going to let a little rule stop their relationship. I even lost a bet with them, saying I wouldn’t turn them in” Lux started, “They’re clearly in the second category of couples. I say we just let that relationship grow with them.”
“Understood, I’ll take your advice.” The Man sighed with the sound of a desk drawer opening, followed by the shuffling of paper. “Want to do the usual? Have me write them down as a couple on their official record?”
“Yes please” Lux smiled “In addition to that, if you could give them a sanction allowing their relationship, should their relationship ever come to light. I think it’d be better planning ahead on this issue. When she does replace me, I’m pretty sure it’d be better if everything was legit in the books, just in case. Not to mention I want to keep this a surprise until she takes over. I’ll smile and tell her the guild approved their relationship years ago!” Lux laughed “The look on her face will be absolutely priceless! I can’t wait!” 
“Good call” The man said. “Any chance that Time Mage you were talking about wasn’t the Frusciante?”
“It was him” Lux said “Go figure, right?”
“Right, well...” The man started “At least we can shape their futures.”

“They’re a bunch of good people” Lux told them “I know they can achieve great things, I’m just going to help them along the way.”
“You’re a big softie Lux” The man laughed.
“That I am!” Lux smiled. “That’s why I’m making this my last mission”
“Really? That’s the mission you want to go out on, now that it’s properly jinxed?” The Elder joked
“Right, right, let’s remember I survived the original baddie that the Spell was based on. So I know what you want me to pass on, not to mention how I’m pretty much indestructible” Lux chuckled, “No, my last mission is to train Shae to be a Mage that is worthy of the power I can teach her”
“So be it” The man said happily “You’re going to be around afterwards right? Or are you going full ghost?”
“Right, right” Lux smiled “You’re not getting rid of me that easily, besides I can’t, remember? I’ll just walk around using my birth name.”
“Wow, you’re actually going to use that thing again?” The man laughed.
“I mean why not?” Lux laughed “They named an onomatopoeia after me

Sub-Chapter 2
“Hey Spike, I’ve got a question for you” Lux said getting Spike’s attention.
Everyone was in the commons and just relaxing. Joseph, Shae, and Spike were playing a game, Lux was watching, and Priscilla was reading a book.
“What’s up Captain Lux?” Spike asked turning his attention away from the game and over to Lux.
“There’s a word that you use that you always say weirdly” The Captain started “It’s your favorite, if we can judge by how often you say it”
“Wait, I know where this is going” Joseph chipped in “I’m curious too”
“What’s the word?” Spike asked.
“I take it we’re talking about how he says flux, right?” Priscilla said putting her book down “I’ve always wondered that too” 
“What, the word fuck?” Spike grinned, fully aware of what he’s doing.
“Yeah!” Shae said speaking next “Why do you say it incorrectly?”
Spike giggled, “I mean I’ll tell you all, but you’re not going to be happy with my answers.” Spike said. “Still interested?”
“Yes!”

“Alright, don’t say I didn’t warn you” Spike said taking a breath “There are actually two reasons I say it. Let’s take a look at words first”
“Words?”
“Yes, words” Spike said “Words are just something that living organisms created to communicate with others.”
“So?”
“So, that means that we get to decide what words go for what feelings. IE we decide what words mean when we say them enough.”
“How does that explain anything?” Joseph asked.
“Because I decided that the word fuck can be used as a swearing exclamation substitute, to be honest I probably picked it up from someone” Spike said “Besides, it’s just a word,” Spike smiled “All it is, is just noise that we make anyhow. We give it meaning”
“That makes no sense” Priscilla said.
“That brings me to the second, and more logical reason” Spike grinned
“Which is?”
“Because I fucking can” Spike said finishing the conversation


Chapter 9
Mandatory Plot

Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you a very lazy approach to storytelling. Instead of bothering to interweave the necessary story elements in compelling and interesting ways, we have a solid chapter full of exposition.  
Grab yourself a drink, maybe it’ll dull the pain of boredom of reading the oh-so-thrilling details.

Alright, so, from time to time a certain trick is utilized in stories where there needs to be a large amount of progress made, but it would be asinine to go into details and take up a good chunk of pages. Right now, we’re using that trick.
It’s a Time Skip.
We’re jumping ahead five whole years, five years of Civil Distortion being trained by Captain Lux. They grew into warriors, fine ones at that.

So let’s go over certain things that need to be addressed:
Spike and Shae have successfully hidden their relationship from everyone, no one suspects a thing. Surprisingly, they’re getting increasingly serious. 
While we’re talking about those two, I guess that we should also give a summary of all their powers they learned.
Shae’s training is going extraordinarily well, Lux has taught her just about everything he wanted to teach her. Shae’s armor was fortified, her fine control of her energy is practically far beyond surgical at this point, and now has enough raw energy to destroy a planet. 
Not a large planet, but a planet nevertheless.
He taught her how to re-arrange the structures, instead of just mindlessly tearing apart everything. While this doesn’t seem like much, Shae found this ability as a necessity for pranking her guildmates. Why not have something ‘conveniently’ break?  On that note, her timing has been steadily increasing over the years. For some odd reason.

Spike’s training on the other hand didn’t start out too well, his Senpai was stupefied that there was another time mage and they almost refused to train him. They thought Spike was sent by his family, thankfully Lux was able to speak on Spike’s behalf at the time, otherwise Spike would be dead.
After a pathetic display of constantly failing to have Spike trigger the time magick, his Senpai wanted to give up. Spike did not.  It was during a smoking session with his senpai when they figured out how to use his magick, and it was a do or die situation.
Spike had just been handed a treasured glass piece of his senpai, but Spike was careless and the piece fell. Spike saw his life flash before his eyes, moving on instinct alone he sped himself up in front of his senpai. 
He saved the piece, and was thanked for that, but what was more interesting is the training regiment that his senpai came up with after witnessing that. Spike was unfortunate because his senpai took him across the galaxy and proceeded to try and kill Spike… repeatedly.
 Spike was in disbelief of the training method at first, but after one solid year worth of accelerated time, Spike finally got a grip on his power.
His senpai figured out that Spike’s instincts weren’t honed well enough for him to be able to use his magick freely.  Everyday they’d think of a new way to try and kill Spike, Spike’s only objective was to survive. 
Which was much easier said than done. After a solid year of having his senpai trying to kill him every day, he finally honed his instincts to the point of being able to use his powers.
Now let me be frank with you all.

I hate time magick. 

So let me state this so that there is no confusion. Time Magick will be largely ignored for plot points, I’m sorry. Most, hell, all situations could be solved with proper use of Time Magick. However, it’s as I stated earlier. 
This story is full of plot holes and situations where, if you used your frontal lobe, you’d be able to think of a much better approach than what these morons ended up doing.

The thought of Spike getting nearly killed each day for a solid year gives me a case of the warm and fuzziex.  My top five favorite examples of Spike almost dying are as follows:
5. Spike was sent into a minefield completely blind folded and his fire magick was sealed. So explosions, which happened several times, actually would hurt him.
Fun fact, Spike was actually sent through an empty field,  but his instructor would use their powers to occasionally put a mine under his foot… on the down step.
4. On an amazonian planet, Spike was told to walk naked through the most dangerous part of their dense jungle planet, again with his fire magick sealed. So Spike’s instructor would constantly fire at him using a blow dart gun laced with semi-lethal darts. Maybe five or six would be enough to kill someone. However the fun doesn’t end there. 
The instructor asked the local amazonian warriors to help him with firing deadly darts at Spike, and those amazons are known far and wide for their ferocity. If the teacher didn’t have anti venom on him, Spike would have died five minutes into the walk.
3.Repeatedly, Spike’s instructor would try to eject Spike into Space. This time Spike had his energy, otherwise the void of space would have killed him.
2. Cursed toilets. Hundreds of cursed toilets. 

Finally, the one that worked, which is my personal favorite.

1. One night, Spike’s senpai drugged Spike’s food and drink to the point of him being induced into a drug trance. Spike’s biggest fears came to life, and Joseph, Shae, Priscilla, and Lux were in on it. 
They made their appearances look like things Spike hated or was afraid of. Spike was pushed beyond all his limits that night, and that’s when he finally got a grip on his power. The fact that he was hospitalized was the cherry on top of the sundae that was his friends beating the shix out of him without him knowing.

Well, I suppose I should mention the other two as well, I apologize leading with those two, you’re probably getting sick of them. 
Priscilla and Joseph actually went on a string of dates over those first two years. However they realized how terrible of a couple they were, and both of them agreed to break up. 
They are still flux buddies, I mean I guess it’s no surprise. 
Spike and Shae were banging each other’s brains out on a regular basis, so that leaves two life forms that need to relieve that itch for flesh… figuratively speaking.

After a year of monitoring, Lux confronted Priscilla about her poor upkeep. Not about the ship, nor about the guild, but about how outdated she was.  It turns out that Priscilla was made with a few flaws in her design. 
She’d long realized this herself, but her fear prevented her from coming to terms with her flaws. She claimed it didn’t hurt her overall performance, but she started acting way more motivated after getting properly updated.
Cybernetic life must be so… confusing, and scary. Are you someone, something, or are you something in between? Not to mention, they could be changed so easily, a few simple codes could completely change you. 
With or without your consent, that’s rather terrifying.
Anyhow, as soon as they updated all her bits, Priscilla was back to acting like a living being, and not a cybernetic sloth. 

There was an interesting development in the last member of Civil Distortion, Joseph. While training with Spike one day, Joseph had a thought. 
Spike would always get so hot that it would make any amount of water thrown at him instantly evaporate, but what if Joseph could control the temperature of his own water?
Temperature control oddly enough was highly energy consuming, but he always felt a little bit of… something… as he was starting to reach his limit, that gave him the power he needed. 
During training, Joseph decided to push himself beyond his limits, during a broadcast brawl no less. 
Joseph took a page out of Spike’s book, he made a stupid plan. 
They were on a Frozen planet, so he had a huge advantage already with all the water in the ice being readily available for him to utilize. 
Joseph’s idea was to burn through everything he has with each attack, and see what happened. Joseph was relentless, Shae and Spike took note that he wasn’t tiring out, but he was getting stronger.
Did the three stop and try to figure out why? Of course not, they instead kept pushing things further and further. Though in their defence, they did call in Captain Lux and Priscilla for backup, which ended up saving their lives.

There was a point where Spike and Shae realized something, Joseph became non-responsive, even when the others called out to him to surrender and admit defeat.  Joseph kept attacking the two, each time with a new intensity.
There was  a newfound ferocity in Joseph, something dangerous woke up in the depths of Joseph. Something beastly.
With Spike and Shae’s teamwork they managed to subdue Joseph without killing him, but the two were left in poor shape and they were barely conscious. 
In an atmosphere that’s freezing, it’s not a good thing to be knocked out cold, in the cold, Which almost happened to Shae and Spike. 
Luckily, Priscilla spotted the three fast enough so they could be saved. Several days in sick bay, yes. But they walked away breathing.
From that point Captain Lux started training Joseph to harness that pure beastly energy. Joseph agreed with a smile

Spike’s request for information was finally responded to, it was a rejection. At first that is, but let’s not get ahead of ourselves just yet.

So now let me address a question that the brighter ones of you may have wondered. Why did we have a time skip? These morons seem fine. Well that’s an easy one, it wasn’t for the heroes. 
It was for the villains.

During the first four years of the time jump, there was a force spreading throughout the numerous galaxies that would amass into threat, united for one simple reason. One simple goal.
For the head of the greatest Voyager, the head of Captain Lux.

Most of Civil Distortion had no actual enemies, a few disgruntled assholes here and there, but no one that would attack them. Captain Lux on the other hand, he had enemies in every corner of the universe.
A lot of them are chumps, but there were a few bad ones here and there. 
While Lux and Civil Distortion may have fielded most of them competently, sans one which ended in a mess (bad luck, who knew that Hydrogen based life forms were super flammable? I wonder who ‘accidentally’ used fire when negotiations failed), but they handled everything thrown at them.
I did say ‘most of’ Civil Distortion didn’t have enemies, well there was one exception to that, our favorite disavowed Mobster.

To make matters worse, there was a vengeful enemy of Lux from the past that had decided to reawaken. Now if these two had nothing to do with each other, several galaxies would have met with better fates.
No, the main reason the two were so dangerous is that they entered a partnership. One functioned as the brains, the other provided the brawn.
The brains of the operation was Bloodwing, notorious Crime Lord of the ‘Frusciante Family’. Who’s influence kept spreading through the galaxies, despite The Order’s best efforts. From drugs, weapons, cash, slave trafficking, political corruption, and so much more, they did it all.
The Family’s influence was practically everywhere that there was an organized crime syndicate. From providing advanced weaponry for gangsters, supplying drug lords with their goods, investing in ‘up and coming villains’, and so on. However it wasn’t to help them, it was to have scapegoats.
They had a tendency to throw villains and small groups under the bus as a convenient cover for their larger operations elsewhere. 
They’d call in ‘anonymous tips’ to inform the local guilds of operations going on so they could go stop them, distracting them while larger operations could go off without a hitch.
On the rare occasion where the Guild would find a large Frusciante operation, they’d attempt to storm the location and try to capture operatives and gather intel, however those operations ended in two results.
1.The location would burn down to the ground.
2.The operatives sent in would die.
Information about the boss was non-existent, despite the Order’s numerous efforts. He was a ghost, for the most part. which brings me to…well… 
Believe it or not, Bloodwing was the lesser of the two evils. 

The real threat was his partner, who had far more dangerously destructive tendencies. Rumors said that they bathed in the blood of their victims. While Bloodwing expanded their empire, his partner decided to completely destroy the guilds in the way. 
They ended over ten thousand guilds, all in order to gain attention  from the Order. From Captain Lux, and Spike in particular. Shae was added later.

At all the crime scenes, no, at all the massacres there were two consistent signs. The first was that all the guild members were gathered together and drained of blood, either through lacerations or through puncture wounds.
The second was there was always a name carved in the body somewhere. That name was ‘Garland’, which became their alias. Garland seemed like they just went from galaxy to galaxy just killing whoever they wanted. While Bloodwing took advantage of  all his openings they were provided by the lack of a guild.

Now, there’s little solid evidence that proves that Bloodwing and Garland were working together… as far as most of the public knew.
The higher ups in the Order knew differently, there was a string of assassinations that The Order covered up for the most part.
The assassinations were all Covert Voyagers, and on each body were the names ‘Garland’ which was carved into the body, and ‘Bloodwing’ burned into it.
Things were looking bad, but that’s when The Order pulled their heads out of their asses and decided to do something about it. 
After sixty one denied applications for information, and a solid two hundred and sixty four applications for involvement,
They finally agreed to let Spike help.

Spike was a decent tactician by standards of The Order, but what made him effective was that he had useful information that could be used to save them.
Spike knew where, and more importantly, how to strike.  
He started with sharing Bloodwing’s weakness, he was prideful to the point of thinking he was infallible.  
That everything would work flawlessly, just because he was in charge of it.
Funny, some may say that the apple didn’t fall too far from the tree.

Proving his worth, Spike provided locations of the Frusciante Family's warehouses, laboratories, and lists upon lists of corrupt officials. 
Now, everything Spike provided was accurate, despite being disavowed from the family over twenty years ago.
Spike knew that his Father had no plans of losing what he already made, despite the fact of having someone out there who knows the inner workings of his businesses.  A few labs and warehouses were already destroyed, but there were a good amount of locations still in operation, that is until Spike showed up.
Bloodwing took notice immediately when he lost a third of his operations.  In addition, Spike went on record and broke down how the Frusciante Family was structured. It was a piece of info Spike had been holding on to until he was accepted to help.
Each member of the Family were responsible for running their own operations, they had to prove themselves competent enough to help expand the syndicate. Existing, successful, crime lords were always sought out. Which explained the vast number of politicians in their network.
This allowed the Family to expand over many galaxies, proving to be a real pain in the ass to wipe out. 
He also explained that there were a key group of members of the Family that were essentially management of the smaller members of the family. These were the higher ups, these people answered directly to Bloodwing. Managers.
Spike told the Order that if they wanted any intel on Bloodwing, they’d need to capture one of those members, before they bit into their suicide pills/curses.

Spike insisted that he be the one leading all the attacks, just so he could field all of the unexpected surprises they could throw at them. Captain Lux agreed with Spike. So he always tagged along, just in case Garland showed up, or to serve as a distraction.
To their luck, Spike and Lux successfully took in a high ranking member of the Frusciante Family. As a reward, The Order allowed Spike and Captain Lux to carry out the interrogations.
Which produced excellent results.  The Order soon knew about a wide array of locations of warehouses of supplies, laboratories, key family members, and off planet bank accounts.
Spike instructed The Order to watch for large amounts of money being transferred after each of their successful attacks. Each victory of The Order was two fold. They’d destroy and commandeer everything the Frusciante facility had, and following the money turned out to save a lot of time when it came to investigating his partners.  

Bloodwing was now unable to keep all of his operations safe. All because of Spike's plan. Spike came up with a simple plan to catch Bloodwing. That plan was dismantling the entire syndicate from the bottom up. 
It’s hard to ignore a raging fire for too long. 
After a solid year of Captain Lux and Spike’s mettling, Bloodwing finally decided to do something about them.  He desperately needed to talk to his partner about their future.

“Glad you could make it with short notice, I appreciate it” The Flaming Mobster said sitting back in his chair, he turned around to see a familiar looking suit of black armor. “Bourbon?”
“Yes” They stated. “Business?”
“Glad to see you’re so talkative today” he sighed reaching for his bottle of bourbon on the table, as was mandatory for any crime lord to have on their table. Even a temporary table.
Bloodwing poured a small amount of alcohol in a clear glass cup and handed it over to Garland, “Garland, we’ve got a problem.”
“Problem, that’s an understatement” Garland said, grabbing the glass. They took off their helmet to down their entire serving. After that they put the helmet back on.
“That sight’s always jarring to see” Bloodwing commented “Doesn’t really fit your destructive and vicious personality.”
Garland then threw their glass at Bloodwing. Direct hit.
“Fine, let me get to the point.” Bloodwing said picking out the glass shards that stuck in him, “About twenty some odd years back I made my only mistake, one that is now coming back to haunt me. Every day I’m given news that another operation has gone belly up, even worse news that they’re seriously getting to the point of permanently damaging my operations. He’s seriously pissing me off.”
“How so?” Garland asked 
“He started to dismantle my businesses.” Bloodwing said grimly, “Everything that I built from his era was the first wave gone. He started dismantling me from the bottom up. All the institutes I put him through, gone. All the acquaintances he knew of, dead or rotting in a jail cell. He’s almost destroyed everything he knows of. Worse is that he knows how to follow all of the operations from one another.”
“Sounds like your fault for not getting rid of compromised locations and individuals. How does this concern me?” Garland asked.
“Well aside from making sure your business partner stays afloat, there’s something that I’m sure will interest you.” Bloodwing started “My mistake is living with your target. The one and only, Captain Lux”
“And?” Garland replied.
“Wow, not easily impressed are you?” He sighed “I suggest we think of a new plan to get rid of both of them.”
“In what order?” Garland asked
“My mistake first, then the Captain” Bloodwing said pouring himself a drink,  “I think that’s the better plan of attack.

“How soon?” Garland asked
“In six months” Bloodwing announced “Moving our plans up by-”
“A solid year” Garland finished for Bloodwing. “Maybe for your mistake” Garland started “Not for The Captain”
“I don’t think that’s possible, my mistake and your enemy are teamed up remember?” Bloodwing reminded them “Do you remembe the reason we teamed up?”
“The reason we teamed up was to conquer everything in our path” Garland stated “Those are your words, not mine Bloodwing”
“I know, believe me I know” Bloodwing sighed “My mistake has done a good job of working his way through my ranks. That persistent bastad”
“Fix your own mistake” Garland stated.
“I’m trying, if you’d just listen to me, I think I have an idea.” Bloodwing told Garland “An idea that can both help me take care of my mistake, as well as you getting information needed about Captain Lux.”
Garland was silent for a moment before saying “I’ll listen”
Bloodwing grinned and promised, “I’ll make this chat worth your time”


Chapter 10
Bad Apples

“I admit, I may have fucked up”
A very familiar phrase for this moron.

Spike was standing in front of Joseph, Shae, and Priscilla in the war room.
The only person Spike had by his side during this mess was Captain Lux, only because Lux had also fluxed up.  Spike just beat him to the punch. “If you’d just hear us out, I’m sure we can explain everything.” Lux pleaded. 
“Just give us a chance to-” Spike started
“You’ve endangered a  life” Joseph started.
“but-” Spike tried to say something
“No buts” Priscilla said sternly. “This is inexcusable.”
“I acted in self-defence!” Spike pleaded
“It’s true! Check our memories!” Captain Lux backed him up “All he did was jump out of the way of the attack! What happened next was a complete accident!”
“Accident you say?” Shae asked grimly “You call using an antique cannon to launch my little fur-baby out into space an accident?!” She growled while cradling the now sleeping Mittens. Beautiful little thing when she’s asleep.

“Spike just jumped out of the way!” Lux said defending Spike.
“So you just happened to have an antique cannon behind him, with a lit fuse no less?!” Shae yelled, temporarily waking the poor, apathetic, cat.
“I-I told you, once a month I like to play with some of my antiques that I’ve collected over my life” Captain Lux stammered
“Lux that cannon was over twenty thousand years old! That’s a blatant lie!”  Joseph said. “Not to mention it was empty, the payload ended up being Mittens”
“I...uhhh...ummm...” Lux muttered reaching for any answer “I’m an old fart, I thought I had loaded it already”
“Lux you’re a terrible liar” Shae glared at him “I’m ashamed that I ever fell for your bad acting”
“Listen, I admit that this looks horribly terrible, but you can’t prove that either of us knew about the other’s actions ahead of time.” Spike stated “This was clearly an act of God” Spike boldly stated. “Definitely not an act of revenge”
“Really? An act of God?” Joseph said in slight disbelief of Spike’s bold claim.
“Well, one of the seven anyhow” Captain Lux added “but yes, this is clearly an act of a god. I can’t see any other possibility”
“Seven Gods don’t exist” Priscilla sighed.

Shae however had the most frightening reaction, she started to grin. That grin sent a cold chill running through Spike and Captain Lux.
“Uhhh, Shae. I’m sincerely sorry about this. Even though Mittens would be alright thanks to her magick collar, I’ll admit this was a disaster and I-”
“Priscilla, Joseph, I believe I have the perfect punishment for these two.” Shae smiled coldly. She motioned both of them to get close so she could whisper her devious idea for vengeance.
Spike’s face drained of all color, he turned to Lux and turned on the dramatics, “Captain, when I die please tell Senpai that I loved him… her…? Let’s go with them. Tell them I loved them and that I cherished our short time together!”
When Shae was done whispering, the two were wearing eerily similar grins.“That’s a fantastic idea my dear Vice Captain” Priscilla smiled. She turned her attention to the two on trial. “You two are banished from the base until you complete whatever secret mission you have to do with the Order. You said it’s going to take a few days, right?”
“That’s it?!” Spike and Lux said in disbelief.
“We’re not done” Joseph said next “The first condition is that you have to take me along. I don’t mean use me in the mission per se, I’m content with just sitting in a corner. I just need to monitor you two”
“Monitor us?” Lux asked aloud.
“Yes monitor” Priscilla “You guys aren’t allowed anywhere near here before you guys get done, now-”
Shae used her free hand and pointed to the door, “Now, get the flux out of here! Vengeance is waiting to unfold”

“Alrighty Joseph here’s how it’s gonna go” Spike started “You’re going to tell us what terrible thing Shae has in store for us, or else”
Spike, Joseph, and Captain Lux were sitting in Lux’s ship on their way to their mission’s location. They’d already travelled for a solid day and were nearly at their destination. They ended up treating it like a road trip.
“Not happening” Joseph said before taking a sip of tea. “They threatened me with a worse punishment than what you two are getting”
“Any chance you’d be willing to tell me Joseph?” Captain Lux asked, masking his desperation. “Come on!”
“Captain my punishment would cause more pain than what it’s worth for me to tell you two” Joseph said a little disappointed he couldn’t actually tell Lux.
“Joseph I saved your life” Spike spouted.
“Yeah, one time, five years ago.” Joseph rolled off “Get a new line”
“Those five years are my years for as far as I’m concerned” Spike stated proudly, “Well, mine and Shae’s”
“Well then why don’t you get your own life and stop stealing mine?” Joseph laughed “Yeah right getting a life.”
“Hey now,” Spike said with a chuckle “Between the five of us, no one has any sort of life.” Truer words were never spoken, if I do say so myself.
“Hey, I have a life” Captain Lux said “I’m just a year away from being able to live it.” Captain Lux started laughing “Shix, I just sentenced myself to death”
“Well maybe since you called it out, it’ll be negated” Joseph threw out.
“Or maybe it’s going to be a fake death. Don’t worry, you’ll be back in the second book, in several little scenes, then probably an actual death scene. Which has an eighty percent chance of being a real death” Spike rattled off.
“Spike you read too many books” Lux said half paying attention to him.
“No I just know cliche story arc-structures” Spike sighed “It’ll probably involve a self sacrifice.”
“What? You don’t think I could lose in a battle against a villain?” Lux asked.

Joseph and Spike looked at each other for a moment of temporary silence, before they busted up laughing after that brief moment.
“You’re Captain Lux!” Joseph started “You’re the best Voyager of all time!”
“And with that, we’ve put the final nail in your coffin, sorry about that Captain” Spike chuckled.
“You’re laughing at my death, Spike you’re not a normal dude” Captain Lux pointed out laughing himself.
“Blame my father” Spike said with a cheesy grin. 
An automated voice went off ‘We are twenty minutes away from our destination, please make sure that you are well prepared Captain.

“Shit” Spike muttered to himself. “Lux, game faces on!”
“What’s up?” Joseph asked a little confused. “What does that mean?”
“It means we’re going to stop fluxing around” Lux said
“Last chance to tell us” Spike said standing up and pulling out his cellphone. “Or else I’m going to assign you to the worst job for the operation”
“You’re actually using me?” Joseph smiled
“Yes, but you’ll probably despise me for that” Spike smiled while fluxing around with his phone “Unless you tell me”
“Nope, I’m far more scared of Shae than I am of you or the space mob” Joseph said weakly. “So do your worst!” He said cheesily slapping a grin on his face.
Spike took a moment and looked over at Lux. After a few moments Lux plainly asked “Cannon fodder?”
“Cannon fodder” Spike confirmed.
“Wait you’re throwing me in as cannon fodder!?” Joseph asked astonished
“Not per-se” Spike said, holding out his phone.
Light shot out of the camera’s optical lens on the back, eventually showing a hologram of a building. Joseph was somewhat shocked by what he saw.
He realized what Spike meant by cannon fodder, “You’re throwing me against the cannon fodder!” Joseph said in shock.
“Yupp, you’re the cannon” Spike said while pressing a few buttons. “Let me explain the plan” Spike said placing his phone on the ground, screen down like a barbarian, but the hologram remained in place.

“Let me give you the overview” Spike started becoming monotone “The target is a Laboratory Complex run by the man who claims to be Bloodwing’s successor. So naturally I want to destroy it in its entirety and watch the place burn to the ground and make him watch it with me”
With the press of a button on his virtua system, a photo of a man named “Sih” with a  label ‘Big Fat Target’. The man looked like a cliche of some bad action movie villain, how original.  Though Spike clearly took some artistic liberties with enhancing the face with beautiful images of phallic objects interacting with his face. It really added to the overall portrait.

“We have several Order operatives that are posing as some of his men, we’re going to have them start doing things to take out the thugs en masse right now. Their role is to do things along the lines of; poisoning the water, releasing toxins in their ventilation, picking apart their ranks one by one, and so on.” 
“Right” Lux started “That’s right, so by the time we arrive we can easily plow through all of them. Our end goal is to finish them off” 
 “And, more importantly” Spike continued “With our guys in place we will cripple the facility, and destroy all possible escape routes”
“By the time we plow through their limited cannon fodder, the target will be in a panic and looking for the only door we’ll leave in one piece.” Captain Lux smiled.
“What door is that?” Joseph asked
“The front door” Spike said “At that moment you guys will step aside and I’ll deal with the son of a bitch.”
“With any luck it’s going to be an  in-and-out job” Lux told Joseph. “Just don’t slack off with the assault, I want you to show me what you can do after all these years under my tutelage!”
“Yes Captain!” Joseph said with glee “It’s an ice planet, so I should be good!”

“Joseph, you’ll want to pay attention to every phase of the plan.” Lux said putting the ship on auto-pilot. He stood up and made his way over to the other two. He sat down next to Joseph and patted him on the back. “Don’t worry, you’ll be fighting alongside me! I expect you to do your best!”
“Yes Captain Lux!” Joseph said letting his inner fanboy out a bit.
“That’s the spirit!” Lux said smiling.
“Joseph hide your raging boner” Spike said laughing.
“Sh-shut up!” Joseph stammered “What happened to being serious?!”
“I saw my opportunity, and I took it.” Spike grinned.
“What are you going to be doing while we’re being the bait?” Joseph said moving the conversation along.
Smiling, Spike responded “Either sleeping or jerkin’ off while you two go to work. Don’t worry, I’ll be just in time for the money shot”
Joseph sighed “Alright, so what’s the plan?”
Lux grinned and gave Josseph another pat “Don’t worry, Spike’s plans never fail!”

“What the flux happened!?” Joseph said out of breath.
He had found his way inside the base, after an unexpected anomaly. He was currently in his go-to hiding place. Hiding in a bathroom stall.
“I think I saw him go in here!” A muffled voice said from the other side of the door. “Shoot first, ask questions later!”
In desperation, Joseph looked at the toilet, “I’d really prefer not to use this entrance, but right now I can’t be picky!”
Being the brave, or stupid, man that he was, Joseph flushed himself down the toilet and right into the water lines. 
Joseph was taking note of all the areas he could visit, this process took a long time. About six or seven hours, Joseph was a very thorough man.

So some of you may be wondering, what happened?
Well, the plan that Joseph was told went sideways. The plan went sideways the moment they noted the ‘anomaly’. A giant magick cannon, a very large magick cannon that threw enough energy at Lux to knock him out cold. 
Joseph stayed in the area and continued the assault, it seemed like that cannon was broken at the moment, making it a non-issue. 
Try as he might, Joseph was eventually forced into a tight spot which left him with a difficult decision. He could use the snow as an escape and go back to the ship, or he could stand and fight to the bitter end.
Joseph, however, came up with a third idea. 

The brilliant plan to run into the base, he was going to wait until the heat died down, then he’ll rescue Captain Lux.
It occurred to Joseph as he was in the piping, he could have retreated and called in and gotten Spike’s help. Though he’d owe Spike a favor.... Nope.
Joseph decided at that point that rushing in head first was the far better option… again. The only problem he had was trying to find Captain Lux, this led to Joseph materializing in many different, and hilarious, ways. 
So much so that he eventually found his way to what he believed to be the main laboratory… empty oddly enough. Using a nearby eye flushing station, he materialized in his humanoid form.
“I wonder where everyone’s at?” Joseph said looking around.

The lab looked fine for the most part, machines that did gods know what, notes and clipboards scattered everywhere, and a few computers still logged in. The weird thing about the room was, it  looked like it was just abandoned. Various computers were left on, and better yet, logged in.
“Don’t look a gift centaur in the mouth Joseph” He told himself as he walked to a computer that was still on “Let’s see if I can find out what they’re doing here” Joseph took a brief moment to look at the computer, programs cluttered the monitor, but apparently an Anderson Richard was still signed in. 
With that Joseph knew to check the Emails. Company emails are always helpful, even to your invaders. He came across an Email that gave him the information he was looking for. 
It was addressed to ‘Chief Engineer, ‘JenJen’’. The last message was from three hours ago, the whole chain read as follows:
___________________________________________________________________________
From: AndersonR@Glqix.coooq
To: JenniferT@Glqix.coooq
  __________________________________________________________________________________                      
‘Chief Engineer Taylia
Thank you for your quick response to my question about today’s use of Project Atlas, here’s what the take away from today’s use 
1.It works!
2.It worked too well, the cannon’s structure couldn’t handle the intense energy, and it broke down. 
3.We’re funded to use Oricalcum next!
Please see the attached revised blueprints, it's the same shix just with the different variables while dealing with Oricalcum.
-Richard A’
_____________________________________________________________________________
From: JenniferT@Glqix.coooq
To: AndersonR@Glqix.coooq
______________________________________________________________________________
Thank you for getting these drafts made up, excellent work as always! 
I’ll start working on them, give me a couple days and I’ll have a new design with the Oricalcum as the housing, and as an amplifying catalyst. 
I think the boss will be happy with the fact his new toy could, oh I don’t know, destroy an entire planet with one shot. Extortion has never been easier! 
It’s been a good year for us! 
First we got Project Gleipnirx to a prototype phase in only three months, we’re going to get this cannon up and running within three weeks, and I’m pretty sure the boss is looking forward to whatever we have next!
Thank you for being such a great help!
-Jenny Taylia 
Director of Engineering
P.S: On the note of Glepnirx, did we ever tell them not to break them? 
____________________________________________________________________________
From: AndersonR@Glqix.coooq
To: JenniferT@Glqix.coooq
  ___________________________________________________________________________  
‘Chief Engineer Taylia
Also… there are a group of Order Operatives posing as some of the staff in the facility. Don’t trust anyone calling into the base until this whole situation blows over, not even myself. 
We’re trying to eliminate them all as I’m writing this Email.
Everyone’s on edge, especially since… they poisoned  the vice captain, killed Doctor Kii and Nurse Ren. No leadership or medical professionals. Those bastads! It seems like they grouped up with one another, but letting us see that gave us an idea what we’re up against. I’m with a group of people I know I can trust, and we’re going to purge our ranks!
Thankfully the Boss is still alright. He’s still having his fun with his prisoner, who’d of thunk that weird door by the shixy bathroom was actually a brig? Have we ever had to use it before?
Here’s hoping I can see you for a drink when this is all blows over
-Richard A.’ 

“Oh Dick, I’m so happy I could blow you” Joseph grinned as he was taking out his Order sanctioned flash drive. It was only one Petabyte, but it’ll do the job. 
He put the flash drive in the nearest port, and started to explore the entire computer, to see what they’re doing. Of course it was added to the downloads.

“Hurry up!” Joseph heard someone yell from down the hall. He dropped down to the ground and hid behind a desk. He could hear multiple people running down the hall, “We have to kill those traitors!”
After a few moments Joseph heard a barrage of bullets… After a few seconds after that, he couldn’t hear anything anymore. 
No bullets, no footsteps, and no voices.  

He stood up and looked over to the computer.  All the files were done downloading. “Sweet!” Joseph said acting like a decent citizen by properly removing the flash drive, and not just yanking it out. 
Proof that the man loves machines.
He pocketed the drive and smiled to himself, “I’m awesome, now I just gotta make a B-line for the shittiest bathroom… I hope that I never have to say that again” Joseph sighed, practically cursing himself to say that for the rest of his life.

“Come on, put your back into it and follow through!” Lux said with a laugh “We’ve been here for six or seven hours, yet here I am, still defiant, and not… Uhh, what were the words you used? Shattered?”
“I said, I’d break you by my own hands, and I’ll make you beg me to kill you!” Yelled a super pissed off crime boss.
“How’s that going for ya?” Captain Lux laughed. 
Instead of answering, the man just put on a pair of cursed brass knuckles and punched Captain Lux’s left cheek. 
They were in a torture room, Lux was chained to a chair, laughing at the man who was ‘torturing him’. It was actually rather pathetic, one of the most embarrassing cases he’d been involved in. It was even more pathetic than the rusted brig they were in.
“I’m sorry to say this, but I’m straight...ish, and whatever this foreplay is for, I’m sorry, but I’ll have to pass. Thank you for the offer” Captain Lux smiled spitting out a couple of teeth, as well as blood of course.
“I still don’t think you’re understanding the situation you’re in.” The man growled “I don’t care if it’s seven hours, seven weeks, seven years, of seven decades! I will break you!” The man laughed “Maybe I should wheel in the backup cannon we have, if it’s big brother worked well enough to knock you out, I’m sure that with those cuffs blocking your magick, then this will do wonders! Hey if I kill Captain Lux my position will be-”

The Captain was cut off by someone banging on the door, “Captain! We have a problem! There’s an Order Operative approaching!”
“Goddamn little babies” The man said sighing “I have to handle everything. Bunch of loud obnoxious babies” He walked over to the door, as he went to open it Lux couldn’t help but smile.

As the door opened he was hit with a large, intense, blast of water pinning him to the wall. The water was quickly freezing over, and froze the captain in place against the wall under a foot of ice.
“I was wondering where you went!” Captain Lux smiled, “Joseph, you’ve done far better than I was expecting!”
“Thanks Captain!” Joseph said rushing inside. “Honestly, I never thought I would be rescuing you one day!” He made his way over to Captain Lux “Still, to imagine that you’re stuck here, cuffed and chained to a chair”
“Joseph, I care for you dearly” Captain Lux said as Joseph started fluxing around with the restraints, “But there’s no need for this”
“Shush, just let me rescue you for once” Joseph told him.
“No, seriously. I’m supposed to be here waiting” Captain Lux told Joseph.
“Say what now?”
“Nevermind” Captain Lux said looking over at the now cracked ice “It looks like our little friend is about to break free, Joseph prepare for battle!” 
Joseph turned around in time to watch his ice shatter and watch as the now freed man wipe himself off.

“Neat little trick” He said grinning “My turn!”
The man stomped on the ground, as a result spikes of earth shot from the ground forcing Joseph away from Captain Lux.
“Geomancer, huh?” Joseph said looking the man down “Sih I take it?”
“You’re an Order flunky!” Sih laughed “I’ve been dying to mix it up with one of you pathetic soldiers”
“Oh, I might not be the best” Joseph said as he finished turning his body into solid black ice “But I’m sure that I can take on the try-hard Single Sun wanna-be”
“That’s great!” Captain Lux said laughing “He totally is a try-hard!”
“I will not stand here and be insulted!” Sih yelled. “I’m the second biggest baddest leader in the Frusciante Family!”
“You sure about that?” Captain Lux Laughed “You hit like a little bitch”
“Shut up!” Sih yelled turning himself into stone “I am the best we have! Now it’s-”
“And you’re frozen” Joseph smiled “Look down at your feet”
“What the?!” Sih said looking down. He saw a ray of ice that formed out of the bottom of Joseph’s feet and that finally reached him. Right now he saw an icy casing slowly spread and cover his entire body.
“Now be a good little boy and stay sit tight” Joseph smiled as he saw the ice encroach upon Sih’s neck “Our interrogation team will be by to pick you up.”
“Motherfluxer!” was the last words out of Sih’s mouth before freezing over.

Joseph smiled as he walked away from his work. “Thanks for helping distract him Captain Lux!” Joseph thanked Lux.
“No problem” Captain Lux said. Then he must have thought of something hilarious because he started laughing.
“Captain?” Joseph said kneeling down to try to remove the binding.
“Can you believe it? This is who they got to replace Spike?!” Lux started laughing harder, “What an absolute embarrassment!” 
Joseph stopped what he was doing because of how hard he started laughing. “Yeah! I mean Spike would of had something planned to save his ass!” Joseph laughed, but he was soon stopped.
The earth shot up from the ground and pulled Joseph to the ground. Before he had the chance to change his form, he felt something clamp around his wrists.
“Never play a losing game” A voice said after putting the cuffs on.
Sih materialized from the ground, Joseph looked over to his ice casing, and there was still a body in there.
“How did you-”
“Easy, that was an earth clone I made!” He laughed “honestly, did you expect me to go down so easy?”
“Phrasing!” Captain Lux laughed.
“I can’t wait to kill you both” He growled “Try all you like water mage, but these cuffs are made to block the energy of the user. We only have two designed at the moment. I was going to save it for the traitor that is the Single Sun along side Lux, but it doesn’t look like he’s here to die with his friends”
“Dude, Spike is coming for you” Captain Lux smiled “You might be able to run away with your tail between your legs before he shows up”
“That’s rich” He said looking down at Joseph and Lux “Even if he does show up, I’m more than ready for him. Bloodwing taught me how to fight against him!”
As if on command, there was a knock on the door.

“Captain! We have news regarding the alleged traitors!” A voice said behind the door. “Please, let me debrief you sir!”
“Soldier give rank, name, and number before I open this door” Sih said moving towards the door cautiously, “I was already fooled once, and I Won’t Get Fooled Again!” 
“Y-Yes Sir!” The voice stuttered “Reporting in! Rank, OF-1! Name, Buster! Number, six, zero, seven, seven, eight, eight, two!” 
“Thank you Buster!” Sih said opening the door. “Now if you’d please, what did you discover about the Order operatives?”
A soldier wearing a bulletproof vest, full helmet, and even carried an assault rifle walked into the room. He looked like a grunt. Through, and through.
Sih closed the door behind them, “Report soldier!”
“Sir” He saluted “We found out that there were never any Order Operatives within our ranks!” 
“What!?” Joseph and Sih said in unison.
“Yes Sir!” Buster said “It appears to only have been a rumor”
“What the flux…” Joseph said bewildered “But… we were told…”

Sih started laughing his head off “Oh, looks like someone didn’t get the memo” he gloated “How relieving that I can crush you physically as well” He said to Joseph “Like our curses would let anyone opposing the family join”
“Yupp, there were never Operatives of ours within your ranks” Captain Lux told them “If we could do that, then we wouldn’t need to do this” 
“And how did that turn out for you?” Sih laughed walking over to Lux.
“I don’t know yet, but I’m willing to bet your boy over there can tell us the details” Lux smiled
“Good idea!” Sih laughed “Buster, tell me what happened since I’ve been inside here with our guests!”
“Sir!” He started “Roughly about an hour after you secluded yourself with your guest, a group found the vice captain dead.”
“What?!” Sih asked shocked
“After that the medical staff were next to be found dead.” Buster said.
“Jesus!” Sih said sighing “Well at least it ends there, right?”
“Sir! It keeps going on!” Buster said
“What do you mean?!” Sih asked bewildered.
“P-people were terrified about the alleged traitors, so two main groups eventually formed in order to capture the other one, convinced they were the traitors!”
“I’m not liking this” Sih said as the color drained from his face, “Did they confront each other? Was it violent?”
“Yes sir!” Buster said “Sadly, no one survived”
“N-no one survived?” He said in shock.

At this point Lux was laughing his ass off.
“What’s so damn funny!?” Sih growled turning to Lux. “You two aren’t going to be able to savor this victory!”
“How…” Joseph said confused “If there were no operatives, then how did this happen?!” He stopped.
“That’s…” Sih stopped to think about it, “Wait, no, what the hell happened?! How are you the only one still alive?”
“Well, I’d like to think I’m smarter than the others,” Buster told Sih trying to stifle a laug,h “But then again, I don’t think that’s saying much”
“What’s your last name soldier?” Sih said taking a step back.
“Hymen Sir! My Name is Buster Hymen!” Buster said laughing, however he now laughed in a far more familiar voice.
“T-then you have to be him!” Sih said stunned.
“Well what do you know?” The man took off his helmet, and a familiar redhead showed up with a familiar grin. “The Single Son Returns”

“How-” Sih said stunned “How did you do this!? Did you kill all my men?!”
“Not all of them, just three” Spike grinned “I killed the vice captain, doctor, and nurse.” Spike’s eyes were changing, he was suddenly enjoying himself. “From there I staged the crime scenes to get your own men to not trust each other.”
Captain Lux was laughing so hard now that he started snorting.
“Feeding each side with paranoia to the point where your own men killed each other, just because of a rumor.” Spike said coldly with an icy grin on his face, “You just can’t trust people these days”
“Spike you’re an asshole!” Joseph said from the ground “You told me the wrong plan!” Joseph bitched at the perfect moment
“No Joseph, I just told you the plan that I needed you to believe, this was my vengeance on you for not telling Lux and myself about Shae’s plan” Spike said taking off his bulletproof best “Lux knew the entire time”
“I did!” Lux said stopping his laughter “Remember how I said I was waiting here Joseph?” Lux asked Joseph, “I was just keeping this fluxwit here and preoccupied”
“While I was slowly dismantling everything he had. Causing your own men to kill each other Sih. I made sure to destroy all prototypes and computers on my way here” Spike smiled as he dropped the rifle. 

“So, this is the devious mind of the Single Sun” Sih smiled “You’re every bit the monster that I thought you’d be”
“Flattery will get you everywhere” Spike winked as he started to stretch,
“You’re not taking me seriously!” Sih yelled turning himself into steel “I don’t care what you do, I’ll beat you! I can morph into the element this building is made of  and hide! Waiting for my perfect chance to strike!” Sih slowly started to sink into the ground.
“I wouldn’t do that” Spike warned him “I forgot to tell you, but I set like ninety percent of your facility on fire.” He grinned “Giving me more of my element to consume everything and watch it. After all, steel beams aren’t a very heat resistant structure according to some people. You should’ve gotten Oricalcum, or does daddy not love you enough?”
“You lie!” Sih said disappearing into the floor.
“Hey Captain, get Joseph out of here” Spike said walking over to the two. He shot two flames and melted the chain part on each of the handcuffs.
“Nice!” Lux said destroying all his bonds with his energy.
“Why can’t I stay?” A puddle asked shortly before turning into Joseph. “I can help!” Joseph volunteered.
“I love you Joseph, and that’s why I have to get you out of here” Spike smiled “I don’t want to scar your precious innocent eyes with what I’m going to do to that bastad!” Spike started to laugh “I said I’d make him watch this place burn to the ground, and I intend to keep my promise to myself!” 
Spike made his way to the door, “Give me about three hours and I’ll wrap things up” He said as he smiled as he kicked the door open, raging flames welcomed him from the otherside, “Oh, Siiiiiih! Where aaaare youuuu?!” Spike sang loudly skipping through the fire

“We’ll get out of here” Captain Lux said standing up “These cuffs are pretty advanced for the time, I’m sure the Order will be able to use these well!”
“I love beautiful irony” Joseph said standing up while picking up his broken cuffs. He looked over at Captain Lux “I think I might actually have some blueprints for these” Joseph said reaching for his flash drive “I downloaded a bunch of files, I don’t know what they are, but I have them.”
“Joseph, well done!” Captain Lux congratulated him “Now, let’s get the flux out of here before we get caught in the hellfire”

“Hey Joseph, I wanted to address something. It’s nice that you think that I’m the best of all time.” Captain Lux chuckled and continued, “But I’ll admit that I’m nowhere near the best of all time. Especially not anymore since I’m such a feeble old man these days. Not even joking.”
The three were exhausted and relaxing in Captain Lux’s ship on their long journey home. Snacks were strewn throughout, and everything looked like a mess. The road trip continued, “Not anymore?” Joseph asked.
“You finally gonna tell us how old you are, you old geezer?” Spike chipped in.
“Not entirely” Lux said putting the ship in auto pilot and turning to face the other two “We need to kill some time, so let’s have story time children. How much history do you two know?”
“Test us” Spike said “Joseph’s the easier target though, so be nice to him.”
“I’d like to state that I’m the one who at least graduated High School.” Joseph said mocking Spike. 
“I went to High School” Spike started “But I was expelled for getting caught banging the principal, who by the way is still the wildest woman I’ve banged.”
“First of all, your grades were abysmal, I remember mom constantly disciplining you for the bad grades. ” Joseph put his hand on his face after he realized what he said “Oh science damnit”
“That’s right, Layna disciplined me, hard. I remember the many hours we’d spend together when she was punishing me for being such a baaad boooyy.” Spike said getting carried away “Belts, chains, whips, it was all so lovely”
“Spike I swear to you, if you ever bang my mom, we’re no longer besties” Joseph threatened “I will kick your ass.”
“Hmmm…” Spike hummed before replying “Nope, totally worth it. I’m totally going to bang your mom. Don’t make me sing the ‘I’m Gonna Fuck Your Mom’ song”
“There’s no way that’s a thing,” Captain Lux said a little shocked.
“You can Goggle it” Spike grinned, “Written by a trio of geniuses”
“Anyway” Joseph said moving the conversation along “Secondly, you were banging the Superintendent, not the principal”
“Whoops, I get those two confused all the time” Spike laughed. “Though what’s the difference? Honestly, all they are are figure heads”
“Spike proves my point as to why I’m smarter” Joseph said proudly.
“Bite me” Spike said giving Joseph the phoenix.

“Allow me to continue” Captain Lux said laughing at the two. “So, when I say the words Apocalyptic Destruction, what comes to mind?”
Spike and Joseph were silent for a moment, Spike looked over to Joseph “You’re more familiar with the topic I believe? It was your senior thesis.”
“Well… Most people would probably just know of one incident that fits that description” Joseph started “The Annihilation of Humans, correct?”
“Good job Joseph” Captain Lux praising him “That’s the one that most people associate with those words.”
“What does this have to do with you though?” Spike asked.
“Warriors back in that day were monsters compared to what we see now” Captain Lux started “The weakest warriors would be revered as the strongest masters by today’s standards of power”
“Really?” Joseph asked interested “I’ve never read any sort of details of how powerful they were back in the day”
“That’s because society fell victim to times of peace” Captain Lux started “In times of peace The Order tends to not advertise how to join the Order, despite having open opportunities literally all the time. 
You’d be surprised by how many people just don’t do it just because they don’t want to ask how to join. During those times of peace the average power per mage would significantly decrease” Lux partially lied.
“Really?!” Spike said in disbelief.
“Apathy is a very real threat to the progression of life of all kinds” Captain Lux told those two, “I’m getting off track, warriors back in the day. The crew that I ran with back in that day was the best of the best. And damn, they were the biggest and baddest of all the land.” Lux laughed “Listen to me, I’m an old geezer telling stories about back in the day”
“You’ve yet to tell any sort of story. You’re just giving us boring details” Spike said bluntly “Get to the good part.”
“What? The fact that I told you that I’m over ten thousand years old counts as a boring detail?” Captain Lux smiled.
“Oh” Spike gasped. “Maybe I should listen more, instead of shooting my mouth all the time”
“Welcome to the club Spike” Joseph said, he turned his attention to Captain Lux. “This just brings up a recurring question Captain. What exactly are you?”
“Oh right!” Spike said getting on the same page “Nothing I’ve ever heard of anything living much longer than that. You sure you’re not just Behemoth-shitting us? Because I’m getting the feeling that wasn’t just your beginning.”
“I’m not Behemoth-shitting you at all” Lux smiled “Doesn’t that just irritate you? Not knowing what I am?”

Again Spike and Joseph looked at each other, but this time they didn’t end up laughing, they grinned.
“Actually we each, Priscilla and Shae included, have theories and took bets as to what you are. ” Spike told him.
“Though knowing that you’re over ten thousand, there goes my theory” Joseph sighed “I thought you might have been a Behemoth. That’s why you know all about training beasts, that’s why you know how to train me” Joseph said “As well as explaining why you’re so competent with destrucktion magick.”
“Nope, but decent guess” Captain Lux told Joseph. He turned to Spike and asked “What about you? What terrible creature do you think I am?” He asked.
“The biggest baddest type of beastie out there, but” Spike smiled “It doesn’t matter thought, You’re Captain Lux, that’s it.”
Lux smiled to himself, Spike’s guess was correct.

“So that’s your report?” Priscilla asked
“Yupp!” Spike said happily. The crew was back to the mothership, and now all they wanted to do was sleep. Maybe for a couple of days. When they arrived they were greeted by a smiling Priscilla and Shae. 
Spike and Lux’s blood ran cold when they saw those smiles. Trying to avoid them, the guys decided to make their way to their rooms. “So, what did you end up doing to Sih?” Shae asked.
“Oh, I had fun with him!” Spike said happily “Torture, mind breaking, and extreme burns are all the things he felt!”
“You killed him?” Shae asked.
“Nope” Spike grinned “I sent him home with a message”
The group had gotten to the living quarters doors, “so is there anything you’d like to tell us ladies? Anything about our punishment?” Lux asked grabbing the door handle “We want to sleep, so-”
“Don’t worry, your punishment has already been carried out” Priscilla said
“Good luck sleeping!” Shae giggled.

Spike and Lux looked at each other, confused at first, but when they opened the doors to the living quarters they figured out their punishment.
The doors to both of their rooms were wide open. A strong smell of urine protruded from each of the rooms, instantly inducing terror in the two warriors.
They ran to their rooms, only to see everything they owned torn to shreds, shat on, or reeking of urine. Their punishment was just. Mittens had free reign over their rooms while they were away. 
All for the little angel’s revenge.

Mission Results: Success
Rank: -S
Dispatch: Civil Distortion;
Spike Frusciante The Fire Mage, 
Joseph Glixor The Water Mage, 
Captain Lux, The Voyager. 
Damages:  25,900,000,000,000 credits (Estimated From Spike and Lux’s damage forms)  
Rewards: 
Spike: Immunity from his Actions
Joseph: Arranged a Training Session with a Voyager of his choosing
Lux: CLASSIFIED
Order Notes: We went back to look at the location of the base, but there’s not any evidence of that place ever existing! Good Job Spike! 
Joseph you did  well to get the blueprints off the computer, that’s commendable! Great job!
-The Elder Of The Order. 

“Garland, I received contact from my mistake.” Bloodwing said into a phone, “He found my number two, he sent him back to me. Taunting me.”
“How do you know?” Garland asked
“Because on his chest was my name burned into his body… and more”
“More?” Garland asked
“He made several large phallic objects fluxing all the holes in my name, oddly enough the biggest ones are the ones burnt the most.” Bloodwing sighed “He even signed it, the arrogant son of a bitch”
“You raised him” Garland replied, “Like father like son.”
“Please tell me you’ve started your missions” Bloodwing asked with a sigh.
“Don’t worry, we’re already here. Setting up won’t take too long, I still remember where everything is.”

Social Medias
Twatters Posts
@BossLadyWith8008S: Vengeance is sweet #Vengeance

@SpikefulFireMage: This father’s day, send your dad a gift he’ll never forget! #Vengeance

Face-In-Space Updates
Joseph Glixor: Alright! Got a meeting with The Open Ocean because of my good work! I’m super pumped to meet her!

Priscilla Mokolov Mk: H33: Our boys did well today, good job guys. Also, no, you can’t get compensated because of your punishment. You guys started it





Chapter 11
Day Dreamz

“We received contact from them Lux, they’re-”
“Don’t continue quite yet” Captain Lux looked directly into his monitor. He was talking to the Elder of The Order, “I don’t want to know before my students.” Captain Lux took a breath and asked, “Hey Old geezer, any chance they just want me?” Lux and The Elder were having one of their routine check ins.
“No, they want you all.” They told Lux “Would you like to wait for me to tell you all at once?” The Elder asked.
“I’d appreciate that” Captain Lux smiled.

“Also” Captain Lux started again, this time without his smile, “Since we’ve received contact from them so soon, I think it’s time to teach her a lesson. Are you doing anything tomorrow?” Captain Lux asked.
“Nothing at all. Drop by my home planet, I think it’s atmosphere best works with that weapon.” The Elder of The Order said “Just remember routine C, and I’ll see you two tomorrow.” The monitor flicked off.

Captain Lux was sitting alone in his space shuttle’s telecommunication room. It’s his spot where he goes when he needs to talk to the old fart in charge of the Order. Or vice versa.
Captain Lux leaned back into his seat, sinking in nice and comfortably. 
“So… Garland, huh?” Captain Lux chuckled “couldn’t be better timed to be honest.” Captain Lux said standing up. 
He made his way over to the monitor on the wall, he found the button panel underneath. He then pressed one single button down for a solid five minutes. At the five minute mark, the call went through and the ringing started
“It is that time of the year anyhow” Captain Lux said to himself, “I just hope one half of Eclipse picks up.” After a few more rings a voice popped through.
“Lux! Good to hear from you” A woman’s voice said.
“Hey Darkness, likewise. How are the others doing?” Lux asked
“They’re doing well. My man and myself just got back from vacation, and the Angel is out of the house!” The woman said happily “But enough with the formalities, is this just the check up call?”
“For the first time in years, I can actually say no this time,” Captain Lux told them, “I’d like to request some help.”
“Oh!” The woman said a little shocked “What’s the problem? Those bugs that are infesting our home?”
“Correct. I’ve got a target on my back, and I’m going to request that you guys send me some intel.” Captain Lux said “My enemy isn’t even being subtle, they’re calling me out for the incident. They call themselves Garland.”
“Oh.” She said “But you didn’t-”
“We know that” Lux said “But we agreed upon what happened. So I am at least part at blame for it.”
“So let me guess, you need maps of the homeland, right?” she asked
Lux smiled “Bingo. Please leave them for us to deal with too, these guys need it to prove themselves to themselves. And who knows, I might not make it this time” He laughed “Wouldn’t that be nice? I guess on that note, I should probably make a new video”

“So, uhhh…” Shae stuttered staring in awe at the planet around her. “W-who is it again that we’re meeting? How do they have their own planet?!”
Shae and Lux were walking on a planet with bright blue grass, golden yellow sky, and oceans that were as green as a pine tree. The flora was nothing like Shae had seen before, and she’s travelled many galaxies.
“Lux!” A voice called out. Shae and Lux looked over at a man who was waving as he walked closer.  The man had dark blue hair, was relatively tall, and was clearly in shape.
“Who is that?” Shae asked in confusion, “Not any Voyager I’m aware of. Otherwise I know they’d spread that mug around shamelessly
“Oh, right!” Lux chuckled. “You haven’t meet him officially,”
The man had gotten close to Lux and Shae, “It’s about time you two got here, I was starting to think you got lost old man!”
“Shush you” Captain Lux said walking over to the man and gave him a hug, “You’re the old man, not me”
“Whatever you say Lux” The man said, hugging back. The two got done and looked over at Shae. “You must be the Vice Captain Shae Strox! Good to meet you!” He said extending his hand. 
“Good to meet you too, Sir..?” She asked, shaking his hand.
“Oh, where are my manners” The man said still shaking Shae’s hand “I’m Blu, The Elder of The Order”
“THE ELDER?!” Shae gasped in shock. She realized her surprised state sent both Lux and the Elder into a laughing fit.  She then bowed and said “I’m sorry for my outburst sir! I’m Shae Stroux, Vice Captain of Civil Distortion! It's an honor to meet you sir!”
“Oh, stop with the formalities” The Elder laughed “Lux has told me all about you already, I practically already know you already”
“S-sorry sir” Shae said. “But, I mean, I’m actually meeting the Elder! The same Elder who tries remain faceless to the people, so when I see you now I-”
“I’m going to say this” The Elder said “No one will ever believe you.”
“I can think of at least one person who I can think of who’d believe me,” Shae said smiling “But I have no plans on telling anyone other than him!”
“Wow, shamelessly admitting to what you’re going to do” The Elder smiled “I like it! Anyhow, we called you here for that treason!”

The Elder clapped his hands and a barrier appeared around himself and Lux. Shae was on the outside of the barrier. The Elder’s voice changed “Shae Strox” He said coldly “In accordance to Section XV paragraphs XI- XXV in the Order’s Space Habitation document, it is my responsibility to kill any level six relationship”
“L-level six?!” Shae said starting to backpedal “I thought level five was the max!? Wait, Lux!” Shae said turning to him “I get it now” Shae said smiling “This is just a fake out isn’t it?”
“Sorry sweetheart” The Elder said “Lux may have vouched for you and the Frusciante, but when you two reached level six I have to interfere.”
“What is level six!?” Shae demanded, her hands turning into fists.
“Hostility, duly noted” The Elder continued “Level six is the level where the couple becomes a direct threat to the Order. With your immense energy, as well as your boyfriend having time magick, it’s apparent to me that letting you two grow stronger is a mistake” The Elder said coldly
“Lux, please!” Shae called out to Captain Lux “Tell him he has nothing to worry about! Spike and I-”
“He’s tried already” The Elder said turning to Lux, at which point Lux remained silent, but he raised his hands up to the wall of the barrier.
 A bright yellow energy started to flow from his hands, and it surrounded Shae, “What’s this?!” She asked fearfully
“This is how I’m executing you” the Elder said “I’m making Lux do it since he knew the entire time that you two were a dangerous couple. That is his punishment as well.” the Elder continued
“Lux!?” Shae cried out, “Lux do something!”
Captain Lux remained silent as he let loose more energy.

“Don’t worry, we won’t kill the Frusciante right away” The Elder said “We’re going to tell him that they ambushed you and Lux, and they killed you on the spot as a form of Bloodwing’s payback. After we have the Frusciante and Garland situation figured out, then we’ll kill him. No sense in letting him out live his purpose, that’d be stupid. He might find out the truth”
Shae didn’t know what to do, she was completely enveloped by the energy which prevented her from moving. She tried to thrash violently to break herself free, but to no avail. Even her energy was sealed because of The Elder.
“Shae Strox, I hereby sentence you to death by an atomic blast” The Elder said passing his judgement.
“What the flux is an atomic blast?!” She managed to say, before finding out.

Shae was soon well aware what an atomic blast was, fire engulfed her and tore away at her skin, she saw all of her skin burn off of her, yet she wasn’t dying.
Shae was feeling pain like no other, she felt every fire cling to her body and was digging itself deep into her skin. There was an intense pressure acting upon her body, causing her to be pinned down to the ground as she slowly felt every inch of her body burn slowly from the outside in… no, it was more than that. 
She was being burnt away, at the very base of her biological structure. 

‘Sh!’
‘Hae!’
‘Shae!’
“Shae can you hear me?!” Captain Lux shouted.
Shae shot up, she was in Captain Lux’s ship, completely confused “W-”
“Right, right” The Elder said walking up next to the two “Lux you have a lot of explaining to do”
“Right” Lux said as Shae got on her feet “Shae, there’s a reason I brought you here, but before I tell you what the plan was I want the sheer pain of the blast and the pain of being betrayed carved into you”
“Why!?” Shae yelled  “What good did that fluxing torment do for me Lux?!”
“Shae, there’s a saying that I love, that’s ‘A warrior should know how deadly their weapons are, lest they be killed by them.’” Lux said “Shae, do you remember why I decided to train you?”
“Yeah, because you said that you had to teach me-” Shae put it together. She was stunned, but managed to choke out  “L-lux, was that the spell!?”
“It was” Captain Lux said “It’s what happens when you want matter destroyed completely. A long time ago people found a way to weaponize that blast and make it hundreds of millions of times bigger.”
“N-no way…” Shae said completely dumbfounded.
“That technology no longer exists, but I created the spell because it was a powerful weapon, as well as a powerful reminder.” Lux said “Shae I had to have you understand how powerful this spell is, and no better way to do that than to stimulate what it would be like used on you. The Yellow energy actually had nothing to do with the blast of the spell.”
“W-wait” Shae gasped “That was just a spell!? That was a death sentence!” 
“Yes it was” The Elder said stepping in “You may be wondering, how you felt that intense pain, yet you’re still in one piece”
“Wait!” Shae said looking down at her arms “What the flux!? My skin, muscles, and everything else was gone!” She gasped 
“Let me tell ya!” The Elder offered “What happened to you, when we shook hands I sent your body to sleep, and I transferred your consciousness into a dream form where it still thought it was awake. Side note-”
“When in the dream, I’m able to use the spell on you” Lux told her “This is the power that I want you to inherit from me.”
“Holy shix” Shae said, leaving her speechless, “Lux… this is…catastrophic.”
“However” Lux continued “If you want this spell, then you need to be subjected to the whole spell.” Lux told her.
“Just so I know what I’m casting, right?” Shae said putting it together. “Well then, mission accomplished, right?”
The two remained silent.

“What?” Shae asked confused.
“What you felt wasn’t the duration of the whole spell” Lux told her.
“Shae-says-what-now?” Shae said in shock.
“You experienced roughly about a minute and a half of pain” Lux told her “The full duration of the spell is a little over ten minutes long.”
Shae’s color drained from her face upon hearing those words.
“So if you want to know the spell, you’re going to have to endure the-”
“Throw it at me now” Shae said closing her eyes. “Don’t take me out until it’s over” Shae told them, “No matter what I say, no matter what I do, no matter how much I beg, because if I can’t handle this then… then I won’t be able to protect anyone if I stop moving forward, much less face the one that I love after running away from a challenge I didn’t take fully head on.” she said with a brave smile, “He might make fun of me”
“Shae, are you sure you’re ready for this?” Lux asked her.
“No, which is why I have to do this now” Shae told him “Hit me when I’m down. Let it be thoroughly carved into me so I understand how damaging this spell is. Make me thoroughly understand what I might have to cast one day.”
“I like her!” The Elder smiled, “By the way, I’ve never once have I punished any couple that admitted they were in a relationship. I have that rule around to deter couples, yes, but it was also for them to decide if their love is more important than a stupid rule. Fun fact, that rule only started being a thing because lovers’ spats would cause windows to break, or holes to appear in the ship, and I’m sure I don’t need to tell you how bad that is.”
“Told ya you’d like her, relationship rule breaking and all.” Lux laughed “Alright Shae” Lux started. “Let’s begin.”

“What do you mean you’ve heard from my father two weeks ago?!” Spike blurted out “I told you to tell me the moment you heard from-”
“Spike Frusciante” The Elder said cutting him off.
The Elder, Lux, Priscilla, Spike, Shae, and Joseph were all in the War Room in the Civil Distortion’s spaceship.  The Elder decided to stop by and debrief the guild himself, this was a sensitive matter.
Spike may be the only idiot in the Order that would argue with the Elder.

“I understand, and can appreciate, that you want nothing more than to see your father’s head on a pike, but this involves the whole of Civil Distortion. Seeing as your Vice Captain was in training for a solid week, it would have been stupid to do it until everyone was ready for it” The Elder told him.
Spike took a deep breath, “I know, I know. My bad, I’m not thinking straight.” Spike said admitting fault, “I am well aware of my anger issues believe it or not” He sighed and leaned  back in his chair, “I’m sorry Sir”
“It’s alright, it’s nice to see that your hatred of your father is as fervent as I was hoping. It only reinforces the fact that you really are on our side” The Elder told him “But let me just go ahead and show you the video they sent.”
“They sent a video?” Joseph asked as the Elder.
“They did,” The Elder said walking up to the room’s monitor. “Here it is in its entirety” The Elder said pressing a button on the screen. 

The Screen remained dark, but there was a voice talking, “To those whom may be watching, pay attention” Said a man.
“That bastad won’t show his face” Spike scoffed, “not like I want to see it”
“I’m sure that my bastad is sitting in and listening,  as well as The Infamous Captain Lux, and whatever flunkies are in their guild.”
“Already calling me a flunkie?!” Shae growled.
“I’m the one and only Bloodwing, and I’m getting tired of watching my operations slowly burn in front of my eyes. So I propose a solution… well, we actually propose a solution.” Bloodwing said with a chuckle. “But I’ll let my partner explain the details, Garland?”
“Certainly” a new voice said, this one was that of a woman. “We are currently in the one place in the entire universe where the Order dares not venture into, the place where we all started from.”

“Harmonia Vitae” Four people said those words in unison. 
Bloodwing, The Elder, Garland, and Captain Lux.

“Or for those who need me to explain it, especially to my stupid son, HV1” Bloodwing chirped in “We found the home planet, and the Order doesn’t want any part of this planet for whatever reason. So we’re setting up shop!”
“We’re on the planet, I’m sure those ultraviolet radar spells won’t work based on the planet’s high magickal concentration” The woman, Garland, said next “It’s wonderful down here, everything we’ve done has been greatly amplified due to the planet’s beautiful magickal availability.”
“The planet has it’s natural ecosystems intact” Bloodwing said next “All ten of them. We’re set up  in two separate systems. So far.”
“We’re headed to our hiding spots” Garland said “Please don’t keep us waiting” There was a distinct click heard after those words.

The group was silent at that point, mostly because most of them were clueless as to the severity of the challenge that was thrown at them.
“So when do we head out?” Shae asked almost nonplussed
Surprisingly, she was ignored “Lux I need to talk to you” The Elder said quickly walking out of the room.
“Sure” Captain Lux said plainly as they followed him out of the room. The members of Civil Distortion are left by themselves, very confused too.
“Oh, we’ll be right back guys” Captain Lux said sticking his head back into the room. “Stay here, that goes triple for you Spike. Joseph, Shae, make sure he stays in this room. I don’t want to feel so much as a stray ember”

“Lux, level with me.” The Elder said as he closed the door “Do they have any idea what they’re messing with at this point?”
“My idiots or them?” Lux asked, surprisingly serious.
“Either” The Elder said “We both know why The Order stays away from home, and it’s not because of how bountiful it is”
“Wow, home?” Lux laughed “You weren’t even born when that planet was inhabited” Lux laughed
“The Consciousness starts at the beginning of the Order remember” The Elder told them “So a large amount of memories I gained are from that brief time on the lovely Harmonia Vitae”
“Yeah yeah, but until you’ve lived on that planet, I don’t think you can call it home” Lux said with a grin.
“Lux you fluxing bastad, let’s focus” He sighed
“Right, right” Lux said, stopping their laughing. “I said what I wanted to, so let’s get back to all of the idiots” He took a breath and thought about things for a second. “The only person who I think might have any remote idea of what’s going on is Garland. Though I doubt she actually knows.”
“Really?” The Elder asked in shock.
“Yes” Lux said thinking “I honestly think Bloodwing is being used at this point as well, this isn’t something that he’d do,”
“Do you think he knows he’s being used” The Elder asked.
“Without a doubt” Lux said plainly “Garland started on Harmonia Vitae, and she’s determined that it ends here”

“Lux I’m going to level with you” The Elder said turning to Lux “I do not want four of my own getting mixed up into your family’s shix.”
“I know” Lux said heavily “But you signed off on you getting these idiots involved the moment you agreed to let him help Spike.”
The Elder piped in, “I think they’re a she at the moment”
“My point remains, when you let Spike get involved with them, you knew what was going to happen, to at least him.”
“You’re right, but” The Elder said “that doesn’t mean I’m happy about this”
“So what?” Lux asked him coldly “Are you taking the override option?”
“Hmmm” The Elder growled “What about the innocent?”
“Priscilla and Joseph?” Lux asked “Well…” Lux was soon lost in thought.
“Lux?” The Elder asked
“Having a cyborg around is usually a good safety,” Lux said re-entering the conversation. “As for Joseph, I’m more than positive that if he enters the planet’s atmosphere, he’ll be able to achieve his beast form. Then he can master it”

“So what I’m hearing is” The Elder said next “They’re beyond saving”
“Welllll” Lux said reaching for some answer, “That choice isn’t mine”
“Whose is it?” The Elder asked
“Ask the ones surveying the planet” Lux finally said
“Which ones are those?”
“Well, definitely both halves of The Eclipse. The Angel of Chaos is out. As for the others… well, I’m pretty sure they’re gone too”
“So just those three?” The Elder asked.
“Well, and me, but those three will ultimately make the last call” Lux said “I hope just as much as you do that Civil Distortion doesn’t get involved, but let’s face the facts here.” Lux said raising a finger 
“The cardinal sin, visiting Harmonia Vitae. They’re going to the home planet with me, so right away they have a strike against them. Considering they’re no doubt come across old world tech.” Lux raised another finger 
“Spike is the only other time mage in the galaxy, and you can be damn sure that they haven’t stopped asking me questions about that, so there’s strike two”
“What’s going to be strike three?” The Elder asked
“How well they pull off the mission” Lux told him
“So, I’ve got a few brain cells from the D-O, so here’s what they’re telling me” The Elder stepped in “If things go easily for you all, they won’t get involved.”
“Right” Lux smiled “But if things go difficulty, where they have to fight by the skin of their teeth just to survive and push beyond their limits, then I’d imagine it’s too late for them.”

“Level with me Lux” The Elder said “How fierce are you N-”
“Shh” Lux said putting his hand over the Elder’s mouth “you know you can’t say that word too loud”. He removed his hand, “It has power”
“Right, but let me ask my damned question” The Elder said “why don’t you guys take care of this problem, in house?”
“If they hadn’t sent you that video clip, then I have no doubt in my mind they’d be dead by now.” Lux told him “Unfortunately, the moment they let anyone else know where they were, they were saved at the moment”
“At that moment?” The Elder asked.
“Listen Blu” Lux said to the Elder “They’re still breathing at the moment, partly because I warned The Eclipse, but mostly because our way of handling things is to guide from the shadows, If those shadows surround the individual, then they’ll be consumed without a second thought”
“So what?” The Elder asked “What does that even mean?”
“What that means is that this entire operation started in those shadows” Lux said “We exist not to lead the population, but to protect it from itself only when necessary. We give the heroes their time to shine, while we pull the strings from the shadows… I wonder if they’ll even notice them.” he sighed, “I have a bad feeling that one of the siblings will end up being there too, just to watch.”
“Damn” The Elder said in defeat “You N-words don’t mess around”
“No we don’t” Lux said laughing his ass off.
“What’s so funny?” The Elder asked confused.
“The phrase N-word, once referred to a really bad racial slur” Captain Lux said with a smile. “But that was long ago, when humans were still the hate filled pains-in-the-ass that the annals of history remember them as”
“Isn’t that a touch hypocritical?”

“I need to warn all of you right now, I do not condone any of you involved with this mission” The Elder said earnestly “I’m worried about all of your safety against some otherworldly-”
“The planet doesn’t scare us!” Shae said first.
“I’ll kill my father regardless of what anyone says” Spike followed, “You can send me to that planet, or arrest me when I land, but my point is, I’m going”
The Elder and Captain Lux returned to the War room, where Civil Distortion was waiting for them to come back. “They called me a flunkie!” Shae said pissed off “I want to tear them several new assholes for those remarks!”
“And I’m not getting left behind” Joseph said “We’re all going in with Lux”
“Please” The Elder tried to reach them “These people will not let you live in peace. They’re dangerous. By my standards.”
“I’ll repeat myself” Spike said “I’m going to kill my father!”
“Wait” Lux said to all of them “Listen to the Elder”

The members of Civil Distortion grew quiet as they looked over to the Elder. He cleared his throat “Let me explain things as well as I can.” The Elder started looking around at the different members. “There is a reason that we left Harmonia Vitae, the planet was nearly destroyed because of a single choice, however that only made things worse in a different reason”
“The death of a god” Lux told them
“Gods don’t exist” Priscilla stated.
“Anyhow” The Elder said glossing over Lux “The planet is a place where Magick becomes overly amplified effortlessly”
“Aaaaaannnnnnd thaaaat’ssss bad?” Shae asked.
“Imagine having the ability to cast continent sized blizzards at the age of thirteen” The Elder told them. “That was a perfectly normal response to the planet’s ecosystem.”
“Wait a sec” Spike said thinking about something “So, why Harmonia Viate 1? The ability to create a magickal environment is relatively easy to do”
“Spike, you make a good point,” Priscilla said stepping in next, “Why did they choose that planet? They could have made a planet with that type of ecosystem”
“Yes, because The Order totally wouldn’t notice a completely new planet” Shae reminded both of them “Besides, they wanted that planet because of the Order’s lack of involvement. Besides that’s not important, let’s get back to-”
Five out of the six of those in the room were busy thinking and talking about moving forward into an attack, but only one person seemed to think about things. Joseph seemed to be the one who thought about things properly. “Hey Captain Lux, Elder, I have a question.” Joseph said out loud.
“What’s up Joseph?” Captain Lux asked.
“Why doesn’t the Order have anything to do with that planet now?”
A silence fell over the room.

“Captain?” Priscilla said looking over to Lux. “Do you want to answer my Engineer’s question?” 
“No, not particularly” Lux told her.
“I told you all of you already, because I don’t want you to get involved with dangerous individuals” The Elder said.
“Who?” Joseph asked, “I’m getting a feeling that we’re not talking about the same people anymore.”
Lux looked over at the Elder and nodded. The Elder sighed “Fine,” He raised his hand and a blue light emanated. Spike, Joseph, and Shae’s eyes glossed over at the sight of the light. The only one of Civil Distortion not affected was the only non-biological being. Priscilla.

“What the hell did you do to them?!” She shouted trying to snap her guild mates out of their hypnotized state.
“Don’t worry about them, they’re just locked in sleep” Lux told her.
“Priscilla,” The Elder said getting her attention “I had to put your members to sleep, because we needed to talk about something that is highly classified.”
“Classified?” She asked turning her attention to the Elder. “First of all, are they just sleeping?” She asked about her Guild mates.
“Yes” The Elder said “Right now I’m having them relive certain memories, key memories. Basically something that will draw their attention away from the fact they’re under.”
“So what the hell did you need to tell me?” Priscilla asked.
“Well…”

-Shae’s Dream
“Mommy, mommy!” A four year old Shae was running across her house to show her mommy something amazing.
“What is it Shae dear?” Her mother knelt down to look at Shae in the eyes with a smile, “What’s going on?”
“I got my magick today!” Shae smiled, missing a couple baby teeth. 
“Did you really?!” Her mom asked excitedly while pulling her in for a hug. After the hug, her mommy asked “What type of magick do you have?”
“I dunno, I couldn’t see it” Shae told her mommy “Look outside at the first trees that lead to the forest toward the backyard!” Shae said excitedly, while grabbing her mommy’s hand and eagerly guiding her to the back yard.

When the two reached the backyard, Shae showed her mommy what she did. “Look! I destroyed three trees!”
Her mom was shocked by what she saw by the treeline, three trees looked like they exploded from the inside out. Each tree was the same.
“Shae, I’m so happy for you!” Her mommy said lifting up the tiny Shae for a long hug. “I think that you could easily become a Space Knight if we teach you how to use your powers correctly!” Her mommy placed Shae down
“You mean like you and Daddy were?” Shae asked excitedly.
“That’s right sweetheart!” Shae’s mommy told her.
“Oh!” Shae said remembering something “What type of magick do I have mommy?” She asked excitedly.
“You got mommy and daddy’s magick” Her Mom walked over to the trees. “Watch this sweetie!” Her mommy held out her arms then shot out enough red energy Destrucktive magick and turned the downed trees into wood chippings. 
“Wow!” Shae said excitedly “I can do that?!”
“One day sweetie” Her mommy told her looking back at her daughter, “I’m sure daddy is going to be surprised!” Shae’s mommy held her hand out for Shae to grab “Come on sweetie, let’s head back inside”
“Yay, I like surprising daddy!” Shae said grabbing her mom’s hand, the two of them made their way back inside.

-Spike’s Dream
“The situation has been resolved per your request Sir” the child said kneeling down and bowing his head to a man sitting in a chair behind a table, separating the two. “I await your next order Master Bloodwing”
“Very well done Single Sun” Bloodwing said standing up behind his desk, “You’ve done well in terminating that traitor, taught him the price of betraying us for that rancid Order, scum of the universe.” He walked over to a map on the wall. On one of the planets there, Bloodwing left a big red X.
Bloodwing smiled, and turned to grab a file off of the table. He began reading it, “We have another problem unfortunately” he told the Single Sun “we have a growing threat, a serious threat to me.”
“Where are they, and how may I handle them? Send me in and you’ll get your results Bloodwing” He stated, “No matter the mission Sir”
“Not this time,” Bloodwing said walking out from behind his desk “I’m accompanying you on this mission. I’m going to be the one who ends this”
“Yes sir” The Single Sun replied, “Please tell me how to assist in any way”
“My son” Bloodwing said standing in front of the Single Sun. “I have  questions for you, so speak clearly!” He said materializing an energy sword and pointed it directly at The Single Son’s face.
“Yes sir” They said not moving an inch.
“What is your main objective in life?” Bloodwing asked.
“Sir” The Single Sun said “my main objective in life is to serve you, Bloodwing.”
“Good answer” Bloodwing said “what, are you willing to do to serve me?”
“Sir” The Single Sun continued “Everything it takes sir. Assassinations, corrupt the stupid population, steal, blackmail, and whatever else you ask of me”
“Excellent my son” Bloodwing told him. “How are you so effective at work?”
“Sir” The Single Sun spoke again “I use all the data I gather before I arrive to the site. Living beings act in predictable manners, so I use those manners against them, allowing myself plenty of ways to achieve my mission.”
“Frightening, and successful” Bloodwing commented “To think you’re only seven years old, and already a powerful operative”
“Sir” The Single Sun said “I have your training to thank for my powers”
“Precisely” Bloodwing said with a grin “Without me, what would you be?”
“Sir” The Single Sun said once more “I’d be a stupid rotten brat, like the public expects children to be”
“Exactly” Bloodwing said walking past the Single Sun “Come, we’re leaving. I want to be back by nightfall, try not to disappoint me.”

“S-sir” The Single Sun said weakly “P-permission…to ask… what’s wrong”
The Single Sun looked down at his chest to verify the pain he felt, he saw a long red energy sword piercing out of his chest. Bloodwing’s Blade.
“Granted!” Bloodwing laughed as he put his foot on The Single Sun’s back and kicked him down, pulling the sword out. Bloodwing looked down and laughed at what he saw.  He saw his dying son bleed out from being stabbed in the back…. Literally and figuratively.  
When they landed on this planet, he tricked The Single Sun into a forest so that way he’d be alone.  Then he just pulled out his toy when the opportunity made itself pop up and stabbed the biggest threat to himself.
His son.

“I have a story for you, consider it a father’s final goodnight story to his son.” Bloodwing laughed as he looked down and saw The Single Sun struggling for air. He then stomped down on his chest. 
“It’s an old favorite, it comes from thousands of years ago, it’s the story of the Shogun and the Assassin. Long ago, the Mighty Shogun had his own personal assassin to fulfill all of his missions, which the assassin carries out without fail every time. Sound familiar?” 
Bloodwing asked a now near motionless Single Sun, who was barely breathing. “Anyhow, the Shogun becomes paranoid and orders the Assassin to commit suicide, to protect himself from his weapon”
“Protect?” The Single Sun whispered.
“Yes, just like I did” Bloodwing started to walk away “Single Sun, you have one final mission.” He stopped walking and turned his head “Just lay there and die.” Bloodwing laughed as he walked away from the Single Sun.

“Father, do you want to know the worst part about betrayal?” The Single Sun asked aloud as he felt himself setting, “The worst part about betrayal is that it's never carried out by your enemies.” he remembered thinking before he felt a hand on his back.
\

-Joseph’s Dream
“So what’s your name?” A very curious, very little, Joseph asked.

He was sitting in a child’s hospital room, his mom wanted Joseph to talk to this kid, “My name is Joseph!” He said, extending his hand.
Joseph was sitting on a large hospital bed, he was trying to talk to a red headed boy who had a bunch of tubes and wires inserted in him. 
The little boy was found in the nearby forest in a pool of his own blood. Since waking up, the little boy was acting strange though. He used words that most people didn’t know, not only that but his demeanor was not that of a child. He acted more like a cold machine. 
He refused to talk to most of the staff, in fact he only talked to the nurse who saved him in the forest. He then demanded that she be assigned to him. After three days of silence, the doctors agreed to play it his way and assign the nurse to him. She was more than happy to help out too.
The nurse that had found the child, had a son herself, and all parties that dealt with the child thought that talking to a kid his age would do him some good. 
It was a rousing success.

“I’m sorry, I’m afraid I don’t have one anymore” The Boy answered.
“Your name is gone?” Joseph asked puzzled “How come?” 
The boy remained silent.  
“You know when my mom and me found you, we were so scared you were dead” Tiny Joseph said “Now, look at you. Hardly any blood on you!”
“I was supposed to die” He said “That was my final mission”
“Missin?” Tiny Joseph asked “What’s that mean?”
“I take… I took missions that my master would assign me. A job.” The Red Headed boy told Joseph, “Carried out the most lawless jobs that you can imagine.”
“He told you to die? He sounds like a bad man” Joseph said.
“He’s an efficient man” The redhead said “He had to dispose of me”
“Why did he had to?” Joseph asked.
“I… don’t know” He told Joseph.
“I think you’re lying” little Joseph commented “Whats the reason?”
“I’m sure you wouldn’t understand” The redhead told him. 
“Yeah” Joseph said “But it’s like my mommy always says, people need to talk about the things that bother them. So they can say it out loud, for them to hear them say it. it’s mostly for them anyhow.” 
The boy was silent for a few moments before saying, “Intriguing, so that way the person who says it reaffirms what they know and feel by hearing too. Your mother is clearly a brilliant woman.”
“Why thank you little boy!” A woman’s voice called out.

The two children looked over to the front of the room where the door was at. They saw a beautiful woman with long blue hair in a nurse’s outfit.
“Hi Mommy!” Tiny Joseph said to her
“Hi My little  Jo-Jo” She gave him a hug, ‘Thank you for looking after him when I was talking to my bosses.” she said looking over to the child
“Not a problem” the redhead said looking at her intently.
“What’s the matter?” She asked kneeling down to talk to him.
After a few moments of silence the redhead said, “You look radiant today”
“Oh, stop” she said smiling “I’m not that beautiful, if I were my man wouldn’t have left me.”
“What an ungrateful cad” The redhead said “You look like a model”
“I completely agree, to both parts” She said earnestly “Anyway, I heard that you refused to talk to the doctors again today before I got here. Why?”
“I don’t trust them” He said plainly
“You trust us?” She asked in surprise, “Thank you sweetie!”
“Yes” The boy said “you both saved my life. That act has earned my trust.”
“Then would you mind me asking the questions?” Ms. Glixor asked
“...” The boy hesitated

“It’s gonna be okay” she smiled warmly at the boy, gently taking his hand. “These questions don’t ask anything too private of you, so just relax. I just want to know what happened to you, who you are, and where you come from”
“I accept” The Boy said “Please, ask me whatever questions you desire”
“Thank you sweetie!” She said kissing the boy’s cheek.
Like something out of a cheesy movie scene, after she pulled away he raised his hand to his cheek.

“Alrighty!” She said cheerfully after witnessing her accomplishment, “First question, how old are you?”
“I’m seven” The Boy told her “Birthday, October 35th”
“Well, I hate to tell you this, but you’re actually eight now” Ms Glixor said to the child “It’s October, but you slept through your birthday.”
“That makes sense” The child said plainly “Thank you for updating me”
“Y-you seemed to take that rather well” She said a little surprised. “I know that my little one over there would be devastated if he slept through his birthday and missed his birthday party”
The boy looked over at his nurse confused, after a few moments he finally asked, “Birthday… party?”
“You, know” She smiled “With cakes, friends, balloons, fried allikinas, tons of sugary pooiol for everyone, and of course, blowing out the candles on a birthday cake for a wish!”
The boy maintained his confused look, “Birthday...cake?”
“Goodness! Haven’t your parents ever thrown you a party?” She asked
“Why would my parents have done that?” The boy asked.
“What do your parents do then?” She asked curiously.
“I never met the woman my father used her genetics to make me. I’m a test-tube baby” The boy said.
“Mommy, what does that mean?” Joseph asked obliviously.
“It means that his father used some of him with whatever woman he found, and grew him in a laboratory. Think of like someone growing a Wiiiiwo, two halves coming together”
“So what happened to your mommy and daddy?” Joseph asked.
“I believe that woman was assassinated” The boy said.
“She was killed?!” She asked concerned “What about your father?”
“He’s the one who ordered the hit, and his hitman did the rest” He said.
“Hit?” Joseph asked his mom.
“Yes, that means his father got rid of his mother” Ms Glixor said trying not to show how surprised she was.
“You’re awfully honest with your child” The boy said.
“I refuse to lie to my son” She said with a smile “I’m sure sugar coating the hell out of a lot of what I’m telling him though.”
“Logical” The boy said “have him experience the truth young in life, then have him decide how he views it with a relatively innocent outlook as he grows and discovers there's more to it than just-”

“You’re a smart little kid, you know that?” She smiled at him “People usually don’t see things the way you do”
“I-I see things as observations of living begins” The boy said “Beings tend to act in very predictable patterns, I just work from those patterns.”
“Mommy?” Joseph asked his mom for some answers.
“Do you know how I always know when you stay up late to play games?” She asked her son “that’s just one way that I do what he’s talking about”
“Gotcha!” He said standing up
“Man wouldn’t be nice to play with the Plogos in the playroom Jo-jo?” She asked her son, baiting him.
“It sounds super fun!” he said as he looked towards the door and asked “Hey mommy, can I go play?”
“Sure” She said smiling “The playroom is mostly empty”
“Yay!” He said walking out of the room, but before he left he said “It was nice seeing you again friend!” With that Joseph left those two alone.

“Well if it isn’t Slo-seph?” a large child said snidely
Joseph was just playing with some Plogos. Building what he thought was the biggest, most epic tower of all time.“Hey Jim” Joseph said a little intimidated. “Let me get out of your way”
Joseph quickly abandoned his tower to try to get out of the room, “Oh, you’re not going anywhere,” Jim said grabbing Joseph by the shirt he was wearing. “Your mom had to give me a shot today, and it hurt. So-” 
Jim then leaned back and socked Joseph’s arm. “You’re going to hurt too!”
Joseph couldn’t help himself, and he did what most eight year olds would do when bullied, he started crying.
Instead of an adult coming to investigate what was going on, they were both surprised by a child saying, “What in the Depths of The Bottom do you think you’re doing?”  They both looked towards the doorway and they saw the red headed child standing on his feet, no more wires or tubes.
“So, you’re the new kid” Jim said dropping Joseph, he walked up to the red head and laughed, “I don’t see what the fuss is about with you” Jim said poking the child. “Peoples were talking about you non-stop.”
“People tend to talk about things they don’t understand” The child said unflinching as the bully started cracking his fingers. “You’ll find out what the fuss is about if you don’t get out of the room, as well as if you don’t leave Joseph Glixor and his wonderful mother alone.” The Child said staring him down, despite the fact Jim easily towered over him.
“Well, I guess I have to teach you a lesson!” Jim said leaning back again to throw another punch. Joseph turned away so he couldn’t see the violence.

However this time there was an unexpected sound compared to what Joseph was expecting to hear. There was a loud sound of skin on skin contact, followed by an ear splitting scream of pain and the smell of burnt flesh.
Joseph looked back to see something he’d never forget. The child’s hand was made of fire, he had caught Jim’s fist. There was thick black smoke rising from the burning upon contact. 
The child smiled and tightened his grip, “I think the lesson is all yours.” The child let go of Jim’s hand and continued by grabbing Jim’s shirt collar.
“If you ever become a nuisance to either Joseph Glixor or his Sweet Mother again I’ll make you wish that I was just burning your hand!” Spike dropped him, instantly Jim ran off to go somewhere, but Joseph stood there in awe.
“Woah” Joseph managed to say 
“Oh, Joseph” The child said “I thought you were still looking away. Now I can imagine seeing something so violent isn’t-”
“You saved me!” Joseph cheered as he ran over to hug the child
“Y-you’re not freaked out by my ability?” The child said, carefully keeping his burning hand away from Joseph.
“No way!” Joseph cheered breaking the hug “You’re my hero!”
“H-hero?” He said in shock, “I’ve been called a lot of things in my life, but never have I been called a hero”
“Yeah! A hero!” Joseph smiled “My biggest hero though is withouth any doubt in my mind Captain Lux. Have you heard of him!?”
“Captain Lux, Iconic Voyager, Threat level maximum” The Child said “The Space Knight to end all Space Knights”
“Yeah, the Space Knights are awesome and cool!” Joseph said excitedly “They all look cool too! I wanna grow up and be one!”
“Really?” The Child asked dumbfounded, “You want to be one?”
“Yeah!” Joseph cheered “how did you manage to use magick?”
“What do you mean?”
“Well” Joseph started “Mommy told me that energy usually unlocks when a person goes through pubrty. How long has you had your magick?” 
“For as long as I can recollect” The child told him.
“Well I think it’s cool!” Joseph smiled “Just like your hair!”
“M-my hair?” The Child asked confused, “What about it?”
“Yeah!” Joseph said looking at it “Your hair turned to fire! Not only all that, but it looks so cool because it’s all Spikey.”
The child pondered for a moment, “Spikey? I’m not sure I like y part of that, but Spike though, that... has a nice ring to it...”

“Oh my goodness!” a woman’s voice exclaimed. The kids looked at the doorway and saw Joseph’s mom.
“Mom! Look what he can do!” Joseph said excitedly running over to his mom, he pointed to the Child’s ignited hand “Isn’t that so cool!”
“That’s incredible!” Ms Glixor said happily “I bet you could be a great space knight! Imagine, you might save me one day!”
“M-me, a space knight?” the child said confused.  “My father always said they were the scum of the universe.” he said extinguishing his hand
“Speaking, of which” Ms Glixor said changing her demeanor as she was looking to the child, “You were right, that last name triggered so many red flags that a duo of Space Knights are on their way to come question you right now.”
“I assumed as much, I’m grateful for your help though” The child said “It was a pleasure talking with you Ms Glixor” He turned to Joseph “Joseph, thank you for providing me some reference of how children are supposed to act. Maybe I was lied to about more than I realize.”
“What?” Joseph asked confused.
“Nothing” The child said walking to the door, he had planned to walk right past these two and never look back.

So when Ms Glixor’s hand stopped on the child’s shoulder, stopping him in place, he was a little caught off guard.
“Actually” She said with a smile “I made my own deal with them”
“Ms Glixor?” The child asked confused. “What deal?”
“WELL,” She said taking a breath “I need you to promise me something” She said, kneeling down to look the child in the eyes. She extended a hand out, then extended her little finger.  “We need a pinky promise!” She smiled.
“Pinky promise? I apologize, but I don’t understand what that means” The child asked completely confused
“You’ve never made a pinky promise?” Ms Glixor asked.
“No, never” The child responded “What is a pinky promise? How does it differ from a normal promise?”
“Oh I know!” Joseph said smiling and running over to his mom. He held out his pinky towards his mom, the child saw the two lock fingers and shake their fingers. “Pinky promises are something that you absolutely have to do!”
“Here” Ms Glixor said extending her free hand’s pinky towards him. “Jo-jo, why don’t we have a three way pinky promise?”
“Sounds cool mommy!” Joseph said mimicking his mom’s actions.
The child looked at the extended pinkeys for a moment, then he slowly raised his two out and locked fingers. “What are we promising?” The Child asked.
“I want all of us to promise to keep getting along, and for you-” Ms Glixor said shifting her focus to the child, “-to completely and willingly answer all the space knights questions, no matter what. Behave yourself, because there’s a surprise in it for you!”
“I’ll behave mommy!” Joseph said starting to flail his arms like the small child he was. “You gotta promise too!”
The child hesitated for a moment, before saying .“I owe my life to you two, of course I’d do anything per your request. My life is yours Ms. Glixor for as much as I care about it at this point.”
“Great!” Ms Glixor cheered freeing her pinkies. “Now that we have that done with, I can tell you both!”
“Tell us both?” The child said confused.
“If you behave and comply with the Space Knights when they come, they promised me something.” She said smiling to the child “They promised that they’d let me take you home. Just in time for your new birthday, party and all!”
“What!?” The child gasped, “That doesn’t make any sense, why-”
The child was silenced by a simple finger on his lips.

“Right now, you need to prove that you are not the monster they make you out to be” Ms Glixor said sincerely “You already understand that they’ll be antagonizing you to provoke you, right?” She asked him.
“Ant-agizing?” Joseph managed to say.
“Basically, they’re going to bully him” Miss Glixor said.
“I don’t know, I mean he doesn’t like bullies” Joseph said.
“I know” She said smiling to her son “but sometimes you can’t hit a bully to make him stop. In fact, that’s why they’re doing it, to get you to swing first”
“What are you after?” The Child asked Ms Glixor.
“Not much, just a brother for my son” Ms Glixor said honestly.
“What?!” The child asked bewildered. “That doesn’t make sense, why-”
“One last pinky promise, this time it’s just going to be between you and me!” She smiled warmly at the confused child.
“A brother?!” Joseph said cheering, giving his  mom a huge hug from a tiny kid. “That’s so cool! I’ve always wanted a brother to play with!” 
Joseph did something the child wasn’t prepared for. Joseph gave him a hug. “I’ll make sure to show you all the best and coolest things!” said getting out of the hug, “I promise!”
“Well what do you think?” Ms Glixor asked. With a comforting smile, she asked the child, “Do you trust me? I did something to help you, but you have to raise to the challenge and help me out”
“Of course, anything on your accord” The child said no-longer hesitating while extending his pinky. “What do you ask of me?”

Shae’s Dream:
“How can I? Do I even need to tell you the ramifications of what your suggesting?” Shae asked trying not to look at him in the eyes. 
If she did that… she’d instantly agree to what the lunatic was suggesting.

“Shae” He said “Let me make things clear. I love you, like, a lot. That’s not something I want to fight,” He said pulling her close in for a hug “Nor do you”
“S-so what?” Shae stuttered embarrassed, reluctantly taking a step back.  Shae was silent for a few moments. “You should know that I love you too, I told you that already dummy” she said slightly embarrassed.
“I know” He smiled “I just like hearing you say it.”
Shae felt her face turn red upon hearing that, “You do know that relationships between Space Knights are forbidden… But… I need to know something.”  Shae hesitated, “I need to know… if push came to shove, would you choose me or your energy?”
“You,” He said instantly. “Forever and always, you.”
“Spike...” Shae said feeling something in her chest, “What if we get caught? Do you know what you’re getting into?”
“If we agree to be in a relationship and get caught… well, monetary fines are the least of our troubles” Spike said stepping in “With my bad history I’d be more than likely thrown into Pluton Eighty and forgotten about”
“So, you do understand what you're asking” Shae said feeling her face get hot. “Before… I say anything, I need to know something.” She said finally looking up at him “I need you to promise me something Spike Frusciante.”
When she looked into his deep scarlett eyes, she felt herself get butterflies in her stomach. His touch was usually enough to comfort her, but now it just made her feel more anxious. 
“What is it?” Spike asked Shae, slowly pulling her close to him.
“I-I need you to promise me that we will keep this relationship a secret” Shae felt tears well up in her eyes, “Because I want nothing more than to be with you! I love you so much Spike!”
Spike smiled warmly and said “Well why don’t we do things properly?” He lifted his hand up and extended his pinky “Let’s pinky promise!”
“Spike...” Shae smiled, she brushed the tears out of her eyes and nodded “Of course!” She locked pinkies with Spike
When the two shook on it, Spike took the opportunity and pulled Shae in for a brief kiss. Catching her completely off guard.
“Spike!” She said fully blushing “Warn a girl first…”
“Well if that’s the case” He said lifting her face up to look at him, at this point both of them were smiling widely, complete with tears of joy. “I’d like to kiss my super beautiful and awesome girlfriend”
Shae felt herself instantly melt in Spike’s arms as she heard those words, “Granted” She smiled at him before locking lips with her very significant other. 

Spike’s Dream
“I need you to promise me that you’ll change yourself.” Layna told him “I need you to promise me that you will grow and change from who you are now.”
“Ms Glixor?” He asked confused.
“See…” she trailed off, but he couldn’t help but notice something.
Layna’s eyes were filled with sadness. For the first time in the child’s life that he can recall, seeing her like that made him feel like something… like something was wrong,  Something so wrong that he’d do anything within his power to help her… to make her happy.
“I believe that everyone needs a second chance, I’ve been there myself. I know,” she said, re-composing herself before looking at the Child.
The child saw a new look that he’d never seen before.

A look filled with compassion, love, acceptance, and care.
“I don’t know what all you’ve gone through in life so far, but I can tell that life was harsh to you” She said snapping the child back to attention, “It robbed you of your childhood. While I can’t control time in any matter to give that back, I can promise you the only time that matters to you.”
“Which is?” He asked confused.
“Your future” She placed her hand on his shoulder. “I can give you a normal life. I can save your future”
“I-I don’t deserve this” The child stammered
“You don’t have any say in it” Layna said smiling “I want you to live a life that proves you are not the monster your father turned you into”
“Ms. Glixor…”
“Please, just call me Layna,” She smiled “I want you to live your life proving that you're stronger than that, That you’re stronger than him!”
“Wha-”
“What do you want in life?” She asked him, instantly cutting him off.
“I-I shouldn’t say it” He said.
“Tell me, I don’t want you to feel ashamed to talk to your family about your hopes and dreams” She said warmly “So, do you wanna tell me now?”
The child smiled “I do know what I want, well… kinda. It’s more like a long laundry list by now.”
“Well then what is at the top of the list?” She asked happily.
The child smiled “I want to kill my father.
“Why?” Joseph asked obliviously
“Because he was my master Joseph, the bad man” The child said.
“You know, that sounds like a dream to me” Layna said successfully hiding her complete surprise and utter horror. “But to live that dream, you have to behave and comply with the Space Knights.” 
Layna then extended her pinky “If at nothing else, I want you to prove to me, and to them, that this is the right call for you. Show them that letting you live is the right decision.”
“A fair compromise” He said sticking out his pinky, “I promise Layna, I’ll make you proud! You won’t regret this decision!”
“I’m looking forward to it!” She said, shaking his pinky.
“Layna” The child said getting her attention “I.. I promise you that I’ll keep you and Joseph safe from my past too!”
“Your past?” Joseph asked completely lost.
“Bad guys” Layna said. “I’m looking forward to you keeping us safe!” Layna said kissing the child on the cheek again.

“Before we go any further.” The Child said getting both of the Glixors’ attention “I have an announcement”
“What is it sweetie?” Layna asked him.
“W-well…” He said taking a breath “I took your advice Layna, I came up with a new name for myself, and for my new life”
“Really?!” She cheered “What is your name?”

“My name is Spike Frusciante”

Joseph’s dream
“Do you see him son?!” Mr Glixor said to his son.
“Yeah!” Toddler Joseph said looking wide-eye at the screen.
Joseph looked as he saw the man on the screen smile at his opponents, who responded all by flinching in fear.
“To those who threaten this  wonderful planet must face the wrath of the Order!” He said taking a step towards them. “I give you all this last chance to surrender!”
“Say no! Say no! Say no!” Joseph and his father cheered.
“Never!” The leader said standing in front “Today will mark the day Captain Lux falls in battle!” He raised his hand in the air “On my mark!”
“Heh” Captain Lux smiled “Time to go to work.”
“Attack!” The leader said, then him and his men rushed Captain Lux.

The asswhoopin’ that Captain Lux gave was one of the best that Tiny Joseph saw Captain Lux dish out.  His father and himself were huge Captain Lux fans, and they kept track of him like people keep track of other athletes. 
Joseph and his father would watch every broadcasted brawl of Lux, which led him to being called out of school quite a few times.
Joseph always remembered his father as a kind man, a man who was always smiling, always laughing, and always saying ‘I love you my little Jo-jo’.
Which still puzzles Joseph, with all that happiness, why did his father leave?

Back in the real world.
“And you’re sure that they won’t question anything?” Priscilla asked looking at her crew “They’ll just gloss over any questions?”
“Yupp” Lux smiled
“While it was fun seeing these guy’s memories” The Elder started “It’s time for the show to continue” He snapped his fingers and the others woke up.

“I know that mission debriefing isn’t the most entertaining part of the mission, but it’s rude of you to fall asleep” The Elder said.
The three then sat back up, “It was funny watching you three fall asleep” Captain Lux laughed, “Priscilla took a page from your book Spike!”
“Y-yeah” Priscilla stuttered “Look at your face Spike”
“Later” The Elder said getting some control. “Since you three fell asleep, let me give you the abridged version of my debriefing.” 
“I blame you” Spike yawned, “If it were just me, then I’d say that’s normal”
“Right” Shae stretched “But Joseph and I fell asleep too”
“Are you the only one who stayed awake?” Joseph asked his captain.
“Y-yes” Priscilla stutterd “Being a cybernetic being that doesn’t require sleep has its perks”
“Anyway-” The Elder said clapping his hands. The biggest monitor in the room clicked on, it showed various pictures of exotic and extreme landscapes. “Lux, tell them the lay of the land down there”
“Roger!” Lux smiled.

 “There’s ten different ecosystems on the planet” Lux snapped his fingers and various pictures of an Arctic landscape showed up first. 
A large frozen over body of water was along the coastline of an abandoned town, various caves made in the ice, and barren ice landscapes that were only illuminated by stars in the vast darkness of the arctic night.
“We’re starting at the top” Captain Lux told them, “This is an arctic continent, it’s called Glaceia. As you can guess, it’s a land where temperatures can range from ten to one Kelvin. Arctic species once populated this land, due to the low temperatures and constant snowing. It's a land that helped sustain some super powerful entities. They also had the best ice cream too.”
“Extreme living conditions for extreme beings” The Elder commented, “Yeti, Raiyouyi, Giants, Golems, Mammothian Creatures, and many other beasts are a few natives of Glaceia”
“Next” Captain Lux snapped his fingers, changing the scenery.

This time grand mountains showed up on the screen. Mountain ranges that go beyond what the picture was able to show, towns carved into the sides of certain mountains, tunnel systems, and an underground city were a few pictures that appeared.
“This is the next area we’re talking about, it’s called Terramia” Captain Lux said “Land consistent of mountains. Species like Dragons, Tsuchigumo, Dwarves, Djinns, Kitsune, Gryphons, and Beholders as well originated from there. There was life on the outside of the mountain, as well as inside of the mountain.”
“Next!” The Elder snapped his fingers for the changing images. 

The next images showed a new landscape, or rather, pictures of forests. There was a picture of buildings completely carved inside of trees, dense forest so thick that became too dark to see into, and a few rivers flowing in forests.
“This is called Cypress” Captain Lux told them “As you can see, it’s one big forest. Towns too, the buildings were built into the trees.”
“I take it forest dwelling monsters came from here?” Joseph asked, “Elves, fairies, cockatrice, dryads, and Treants to name a few?”
“Bingo!” The Elder said smiling “Next up!” he snapped his fingers.

Pictures of various places in nature draped in night popped up next. There was an entire town at night, but the moon’s light seemed to illuminate almost enough to see everything in detail.
“Uh, did your camera misread am for PM?” Shae asked
“Nope” Captain Lux said “Those are pictures of part of the land, The land of eternal night, Rayvenna. Were-creatures, vampires, revenants, succubi, hydras  and so on called his place home once long ago”
“How can a place be eternal night?” Spike asked.
“Magick” Captain Lux and The Elder said in unison.
“Next!” The Elder said snapping his fingers once again.

The next pictures showed just one place, just over time. There were a series of pictures of a few buildings in constant storms, they got to see how storms shaped that building over the many years.
“Cirrus, the land of eternal storms. Home to Wyvern, Skinwalkers, Basilisks, Carrions, and a bunch of repeat species from other nations.” Captain Lux told them “Fun fact, Terramia used to be bordered next to Torrent, but the thousands of years of extreme weathering Cirrus destroyed those mountains and claimed that land”
“Storms?” Joseph spoke up “But, magick or not, you have some decent amount of water to have it not flood during that unending storm.”

“Which brings me to!” Captain Lux snapped his fingers, and pictures of a massive ocean showed up on the monitor. “Torrent, Harmonia Vitae’s ocean”
There were pictures of a series of islands with large cities taking up most of the landmass, pictures of undersea cities, and exotic looking flora that covered a large amount of an undersea landscape.
“That Ocean is bigger than small and some medium sized planets, the amount of aquatic life that called that place home is… well, probably all aquatic based monsters.” The Elder said, he turned to Joseph “Like Leviathans”

“Moving Forward” Captain Lux said snapping his fingers, this time an interesting landscape appeared. Shots of beaches with both sand and ice meeting together naturally, landscapes that looked like it was dusk in the middle of the day, a large beach leading to a rainforest, but weirdly enough, there were copious amounts of power plants.”
“This is Endiness, the land where most of the Planet’s energy comes from” The Elder said “Kinda the unfortunate nation, it’s pretty much affected by the surrounding Magickal environments from Glaceia, Torrent, and Rayvenna. There are huge hydroplants, solar fields in a land forever dusk providing a slight constant light. Neat, right?” He smiled

Captain Lux snapped his fingers “This is a land of dangerous rainforests. All the biggest nastiest bug monsters come from here, lizardfolk as well.  The land is called Killiand”
These pictures displayed a variety of scenes. Sandy swamps, dense rainforests, cities built in openings in the forest, and a white desert meeting a treeline. “Which borders the most vile landscape on the planet” The Elder said snapping his fingers to change the pictures.

Pictures of volcanoes, deserts, wildfires, carnivorous vegetation, and all around nothing even remotely pleasant popped up on the screen.
“This is where the planet is most dangerous” Captain Lux said “Between it’s harsh environment, deadly predators, and intense heat, only the most powerful, or stupid, called this place home.” 
“I’d honestly never recommend going there” The Elder said “Everything there wants to kill you.”
“Lamia, Devils, Salamanders, Reptilians, Manticores, Cockatrice, and anything that has any deadly toxins probably came from here.”
“What’s the place called?” Shae asked
“Australlia” The Elder and Captain Lux said grimly. 

“Anyway” The Elder said snapping his fingers “We have the final place-”
Pictures of pleasant fields showed up on the screen, overall it seemed like a calm grassland. There were however several pictures that depicted a large abandoned town, buildings of all shapes and sizes abandoned.
“This is called Pacem, and it once held the Capital of the planet in it” Captain Lux said “Capital City”
“Wait, seriously?” Spike asked “Isn’t that name a little too on the head?”
“Listen,” Captain Lux said “The town was named per a prince’s request. It just kinda stuck afterwords”
“This land is the calm center of the land, the place where all the world’s natural magick flows to, and it housed an incredible array of species. Unicorns, Angels, Alurane, Spectres, Sentinels, Demons, Humans, Elementals, all led by the Kings of the Land, the Behemoths.”
“Wow, talk about playing with a stacked deck!” Spike said in awe of that line up, “God Slayers and Dragon Devourers banded together!”
“Spike?” Lux said curiously, “Why did you call them that?”
“It’s what an old mentor of mine nicknamed them, he did it to help me remember humans and behemoths more vividly” He said recalling it, “is that weird? He was an older Order operative”
“Yes” Lux said in slight disbelief, “I haven’t heard Behemoths called Dragon Devourers in a long time, like ancient history long ago”
“Wait, so those are actual descriptions?” Spike asked in shock
“Yes and-” Lux was soon cut off,

“Like I said earlier!” The Elder said snapping his fingers, clearing the monitors. “The reason the Order has nothing to do with that planet is because it’s the only planet that generates its own separate magicks naturally.”
“Yeah, yeah” Spike said “That type of power was a threat and blah-blah-blah”
“Seriously” Shae said “We got it the first time”
“Good” The Elder smiled. “Now-” He said looking over to Lux, “tell them”
“Right” Captain Lux said “Now, this mission is highly dangerous. So much so that you should just assume that you won’t make it back”
“R-really?” Joseph said in surprise
“Yes” The Elder said next “I’ll give you all a month to prepare, say your goodbyes, get your wills in order, and do anything that you’ve been putting off in life. All on The Order’s creds, you guys can do whatever you want.”
“Wait a second” Spike said slightly annoyed “A month!? I want to head there right now and kill him!”
“Spike, I appreciate your enthusiasm, but look at it like this” The Elder turned to him “He’s not going anywhere, he’s waiting in fear each day, just at the thought of all five of you going down there.”
Spike couldn’t help but smile from hearing that “Damn, you make one good point. My apologies again, Elder.”

“Any questions?” Captain Lux asked “Mission, preptime, or anything else?”
“I have a question,” Spike said piping up. “But it’s not for you Lux” He turned over to his best friend “I have a last request of you Joseph, I need your help. Can I count on you one last time?” 
“Nice try Spike” Joseph said with a sigh “I’ve learned my lesson about agreeing to something before knowing what it is.”
“Damn” Spike sighed “But Joseph, I’m still asking for your help. This is something that I’ve been wanting to do for the better part of my life.”
“Spike” Joseph smiled “We’re family, I’d be more than happy to help you with almost anything in the universe”
“You’re a true gentleman” Spike smiled “Joseph”
“Yes Spike?”
“I need your help for me to bang your mom” Spike said with a straight face. 
“That’s why I say almost” Joseph sighed annoyed “Another lesson I’ve learned, from you no less.”
“Joseph, let him do it” Captain Lux added in “He’s going to die”
“Never” Joseph remained firm
“Joseph, if you help me, then I’ll be your bitch for the rest of my life” Spike offered, “For however long that may be”
“Quit talking like you’re gonna die” Joseph sighed “Out of everyone here, you’re the one I’m the least worried about! You’re like a cockroach!”
“Hey, that’s not fair,” Spike said “C-c” Spike’s whole body cringed from disgust of those blasted insects. Spike then started randomly convulging.
“That was a low-blow Joseph” Shae said standing up, she made her way over to Spike, and she put her hands on his shoulders to get him to stop twitching. “He’s asking for permission, bugs just do whatever they want.”
“Personally, I’m with Joseph” The Elder said chirping in, “I’ll spare you the details, but I was reading all of your dreams when you slept.” The Elder looked over to Spike, “Do you honestly  want to bang the person you see as a mom?”
“Oedipus complexes exist for a reason Elder, I just happen to be lucky enough to not be related by blood. I get to have my cake and eat it out too!” Spike said providing his rationale. He then leaned back in his seat, he turned to Shae and said “Thank you for stopping me from falling, but now-” 
Spike said turning his attention back to Joseph “I’m going to play dirty. Joseph I saved your life, letting me try to put the moves on your mom is the least you could let me do as thanks.”
“Still no” Joseph said “Besides, there’s no way she’d be interested in you. You’re her second son Spike, moreover you’re also my brother, so as family I’ll ask you like this-”  Spike quickly lost interest in what Joseph was saying, mostly because he’s still going to say no. 
Also… There was something Spike was surprised to see. Joseph grinned a grin that Spike recognised, but this was the first he’d actually seen it in person. 
Joseph had Spike’s demented smile at the moment.
“-do I make myself clear?” Joseph said shaking Spike.
“Yes, but can I bang your mom?” Spike said once more.
“Spike, listen to me this time” Joseph told him “I’m not going to indulge you with your twisted incest desire. Your her son after all”
“Just let him do it” Shae stepped in next “If he does it once, he’ll be satisfied and we’ll never hear him ask again”
“No!” Joseph yelled, “If he can do it once, he can easily do it again!”
“Joseph please” Priscilla said next “If this will shut him up for good, you might wanna just bite the bullet and let him try.”
Shae started laughing, “Let her be the one that turns him down, break his spirit and dreams directly!”
“No!” Joseph said steadfast “That means there’s a chance he can get it to happen. Considering what Spike’s unofficial motto is, I’m not giving him the chance!”
“Unofficial motto?” The Elder asked.
“Oh, it’s simple Elder” Spike smiled “If I can control my environment, I can elicit whatever reaction I desire”
“Like how he did with Sih’s base” Joseph pointed out.
“Pretty much” Spike admitted
“Spike, I’m liking your style” The Elder smiled “Besides, Shae-”
“Huh?” She said turning her attention to him
“Are, you suuuuure you want him to do that?” The Elder smiled
“One hundred percent!” She smiled “I want to help my friend achieve his lifelong dream, no matter the cost!” Joseph started yelling at this point.
I’ll spare you the gorey details, but essentially, he was saying no. Proving that Spike’s inital assumptions were correct. 

“Fine, fine” Spike sighed. “I guess I’ll just move on to the number two that I want to do.” He giggled.
“Number two you gotta do?” Shae asked, looking slightly confused. “You gotta do a dooty now?”
“Yes, Joseph, Priscilla, and I guess you too Elder” Spike said placing his hand on Shae’s. She still had her hands on Spike, “There’s something I need to tell you… well, mostly Joseph, but I guess you need to know as well Priscilla. The Elder too, but I’m sure he already knows.”
“Spike, are you sure about this?” Shae asked him. Her hand had now held Spike’s hand tightly, and happily.
“You’re aware of the ramifications, right?” Lux pointed out.
“Ramifications be damned” Spike said plainly “I don’t need permission to tell them, but I think I’d like your help” He turned to Shae.
“Gladly” She smiled, “Of course Spike”
“Tell us what?” The Elder asked being sassy
“This is something I’m going to tell you two-” Shae said getting Joseph’s and Priscilla’s attention “Captain Lux already knew about it too”
“Spike? What’s going on?” Joseph asked Spike, clearly confused
Spike smiled as he stood up, “Well, you see” He said wrapping his arms around Shae, “We’ve been keeping a secret from you. Joseph, you’re my family, and I wanted to tell you my secret, but I made a promise to someone.”
“That secret being-” Shae said leaning in to kiss Spike. 
“We’ve been dating for seven years now.” they said post lip-lock.
“We’re really quite helplessly in love with each other.” Spike said with a big dopey smile. “I’ve kept on saying all those awful things to keep both of you off our track. Really, you guys made it waaaayyy too easy”

There was a long silence from Joseph and Priscilla, probably his brain and her processor didn’t know how to handle the information it was given.
“WHAT?!” They both said snapping back into reality.
“This situation feels familiar” Lux laughed.
“Wow, you bit the bullet” The Elder said clapping his hands “That took some balls to do. I stand by my earlier statement, I like you Spike. Frusciante name be damned”
“So wait!” Joseph said getting everyone’s attention by yelling “For the past seven years?! But what about all the times you asked to bang my mom? Shae?”
“I support my man’s hopes and dreams” Shae said grinning “But, I know for certain that Layna would never go for Spike. Try as he might” she said patting Spike on his shoulder.
“WAIT!” Priscilla practically screeched, “For seven years?! Then five years ago after the Battle of The Best-”
“That was all my idea” Shae admitted “Originally he was perfectly content with the blowjob, but I was the one who devised the plot to humiliate you.”
“Wait, what are you guys talking about?” Joseph asked confused.
“NOTHING!” Priscilla yelled a lot louder than what she meant to. She cleared her throat and moved the conversation along, “You’re both aware that there are no relationships between Space Knights, so now I must-”
“Actually, I take rank here” The Elder said stepping in, “Besides, I think there’s an additional reason he spoke up now.” He turned to Spike and Shae “You knew I wouldn’t do anything to discipline you right now, am I right?” 
“One hundred percent” Spike smiled. “We’re needed on HV 1 after all”
“Fulfilling the loophole requirement, well played Frusciante1” The Elder complimented him “I’m now legitimately nervous because of your potential!” He said complimenting Spike, “I’m glad to know you’re ready for this!”
“Does that help explain why I was always more than happy to take Spike when we split up into groups?” Shae asked her captain.
“I thought you gave me that time originally to do wonderful things to Joseph when we were a couple.” Priscilla said not realizing what she said at first. There was a look of terror washed over her face when she realized it. “Shix!”
“So! In the end,” Spike giggled “We’ve all been getting laid!”

“In the case of you two” The Elder turned to them “You two aren’t together anymore, right?”
“R-right” Joseph said calming down. “We... do sometimes fulfill each other’s urges” He admitted
“That’s… Probably the best way you could put it” Priscilla said to Joseph.
“So, do we get punished?” Joseph asked the Elder.
“Nah, nothing against the rules about Flux-Buddies, in-fact in a lot of cases it helps far more than it hurts” The Elder reassured him
“Wait a second” Joseph said realizing something “So… All those times you said you wanted to sleep in the middle of the day when Shae was reading-”
“Shae and I took naps together” Spike smiled “Naps are nice”
“Then when both of you would go out on supposed separate trips, did you two meet up somewhere else?” Priscilla asked.
“Mostly” She told her Captain “We like to do things apart from each other, but most of those trips were for us”
“Captain Lux, you knew!?” Joseph asked stunned
“Yes, actually” he smiled “I knew from the first day I met all of you”
“HOW?!” Joseph and Priscilla asked.
“I was a pair of outside eyes, I saw things in a different way than you two.” He explained “they did it secretly, and had you two completely fooled.”
“Spike” Shae said grabbing his hands “does that mean that you’d want to…”
“Yes” Spike smiled “as awkward as it may be, I’m happy to meet your folks now that we’re no longer a secret”
“The one thing I wanted to do more than anything else...” Shae smiled realizing why Spike spoke up “Spike, I love you so much!” She leaned in and gave him a long and loving kiss.
“BARF” the other four said in some way shape or form. At which point Shake extended their hands and gave them the only fingers that mattered. 



“Oh yeah, I should state this now” Spike spoke up. “If we wait a month to invade, I have no doubt that they’re going to call in backup. Not to mention grow from the planet’s energy, if it’s truly as bountiful as you say it is” Spike said half believing the Elder.
“Hoping on it” The Elder said next dismissing the negative Nancy, “We have no idea where they are on the planet, so if they bring friends to the party, they’ll be easier to spot. Also if that is the case let me tell all of you this right now, the only one I want to bring in alive is Bloodwing. Understood?”
“So basically, anyone other than me should find him first” Spike laughed.

Sub Chapter 3

“Come on, please?!” Spike begged as smoke rose out of his burns.
“It’s already Three to Zero” Priscilla smiled “Though I’d be more than happy to do best five out of seven if that meant I get to keep kicking you around”
“Spike I think we should just quit” Joseph said, coughing up some water.
“I agree with Joseph on this one babe” Shae said, helping Spike get up.The group was in the training room, Captain Lux and Shae were referees.
Referees for what?
Well, Spike and Joseph challenged Priscilla to a two-on-one fight. They had been trying for over two years now, but they never once won a match against their guild leader.
“Spike, I don’t think you can win with your current strategy,” Captain Lux told him. “If you want to win then you just have  to use your time-”
“Nope!” Spike said turning into fire briefly, then turning back into a humanoid form with no burns anymore. “That’s cheating.”
“I actually agree with Spike,” Priscilla said grinning as she stepped up to Spike, getting in his face. “But if you want me to kick your ass again, I’m more than happy to oblige.” She taunted him.
“Well Spike” Joseph said getting up “If you want another round, then you’re doing it yourself, getting my ass kicked three times is more than enough for me”
“Fine” Spike said, stretching out. “I’m gonna do this solo! Besides, I’m not having my elemental weakness thrown at me this time, so I’m gonna be fine”
“Oh, really?” Priscilla giggled “Fine, I’ll kick your ass harder this time,” She grinned widely “I’m gonna have to sing”
Spike’s face betrayed any confidence he had beforehand, “Fuck” Spike said before regaining his composure. “Fine with me!” He said putting on a smile “I’ll beat you at your best and savor the victory!”
“Babe you never learn” Shae sighed. She looked over to Priscilla and asked “Do you want Joseph, Myself, and Captain Lux to sing back up?”
“Yes please!” Priscilla smiled.

Reflect (Respect Parody)
By: Priscilla Mokolov+Shae Strox
(Strongly recommend to listen to the original song while reading)

Smokin’ fools
Baby I do it
What you cast
You know I’m ready
All I’m castin’
Is a big-ol reflect (Just a big ol’)   
when you get done (just a big ol)
Hey Dummy 
when you cast those (just a big ol)
Dumbass

I ain't gonna do you harm, 
by my hands
Ain't worth dirtying my hands
Cause I don’t wanna
All I’m castin’
Is a big ol reflect  (just a big ol)
when you get done (just a big ol)

I’m about to give you all your power
All I’m castin’ in return dummy
Is to laugh at you
When you fall down
Yeah dumbass 
When you get K.O’d
Yeah,

Ohhh, your defeat
Sweeter than honey
And guess what?
So is my winnin’

All I want you to do to me
Is cast it to me when you get done
Yeah dummy

Cast it at me
When you get done now
Cast it at me

R-E-F-L-E-C-T
Cast those stupid spells at me
R-E-F-L-E-C-T
Drains down my mp
Oh (cast em’ at me(x8))
A big ol’ reflect ((just a(just a big ol)))
Whoa, dummy
Big ol’ reflect
You get tired
Keep on castin’
You’re runnin out of steam (just a little bit)
And I ain’t tryin’ (just a little bit)
(re, re, re, re) When you get done
(re, re, re,re)-flect
So you might black out
And find out I’m strong


“And he’s out!” Priscilla smiled as she looked down at a singed Spike.
“So the winner is-” Shae went to announce the winner, only to be cut off by an un-welcomed sight. 
Priscilla started convulsing erratically, leading her to say in an animated voice “Energy low, going offline to restore core energy” Instantly she locked in place standing up, unmoving.
“Sooo…” Joseph said walking toward those who passed out “Strictly speaking... we didn’t announce a winner in time, so technically…”
“It’s a draw...” Captain Lux said surprised. “Holy hell. Let’s face it though, if this wasn’t her fourth fight in a row I’m sure things would have been different.”
“Yet here we are, the winning streak ended,” Shae smiled as she picked up Spike, “But let’s never tell him. He doesn’t need this much of an ego boost”  
All parties agreed with Shae’s decision.




End of Act 1
Preview of
Act 2
Dossier: ‘Divide and Conquer’

Currently all the members of Civil Distortion were sitting in five separate shuttles. One with Joseph,  Spike, Shae, Priscilla, and Captain Lux were all in their own shuttles, for maximum scanning of the land.
The group agreed that if they broke into three groups then it had to be two groups of two, then Captain Lux would go off on his own since he knew the lay of the land. Currently, no one had an idea where anyone was at on Harmonia Vitae.
They’d also go round-robin on teams based on whoever would be best at exploring the land. Below is the official paperwork
____________________________________________________________________________________

Mission: Divide and Conquer Type: 1AN
Dispatch:  Civil Distortion: 
Captain Priscilla Mokolov The White Mage, 
Vice-Captain: Shae Strox The Destruction Mage, 
Tactician: Spike Frusciante (AKA Hibachi Man) Fire+Time Mage
Engineer: Joseph Glixor Water Mage and Beast.
Voyager: Captain B. Lux.
Additional Resources: 
8 Instant Refuel Pi** To Each member to recover from each day and be restored to their best state. The Elder Of the Order is going to be your guy in the sky, looking over you too.
Location: Planet: Harmonia Vitae
Briefing: Look at the attached paperwork
_________________________________________________________________________

Team Exploration Groupings
Time Limit: 8 Days
Briefing:
You all are being sent down to the abandoned planet of Harmonia Vitae to exterminate all criminals who are on the planet. By whatever means necessary

Notorious Crime Lord ‘Bloodwing’ has been sighted on the planet wtih the entity known as ‘Garland’. In the month between their initial contact, it seems they called in help from across the galaxies. Details for the mission pairings are below.

Grouping
Joe+Spike: Endiness: day 1-2
Joe+Priscilla Torrent: Day 5+6
Joe+Shae: Glaceia 3-4: day
____________________________
Spike+Priscilla: Killiand:   Day 3-4
Spike+Shae: Australia:  Day 5-6
Spike+ Joe: Endiness:  Day 1+2
________________________________
Priscilla+Shae: Cypress: Day 1+2
Priscilla + Spike: Killiand: Day  3+4 
Priscilla+Joe: Torrent Day 5+6
_______________________________
Shae + Joe: Glaceia: Day 3+4
Shae + Priscilla: Cypress: Day 1+2
Shae + Spike:Australia: Day 5+6 
________________________________
Leaving Lux to explore 
Rayvenna: Day 5+6
Cirrus: Day 1+2
Terramia: Day 3+4
_____________________________________________________________________
Let’s explain why each agent is going where and with who.

Glaceia: Land Of Ice
Joseph: Joseph is a Leviathan, Leviathans love the cold, they thrive in it.  Enter the land, but focus on taming your beast form. You’re not going to be able to control it at first, but feel free to rampage to your beastly’s heart content.
Shae: A destruction mage’s energy armor keeps the caster’s natural body heat at a constant temperature. Shae you won’t feel a thing while you’re shattering all the ice in your way. Also to keep an eye on Joseph.

Terramia: Land of Mountains
Captain Lux: Captain Lux claims to have a vendetta against that nation. Claimed that it housed the two greatest malicious entities of the planet. So he wants to level a few hundred mountains.

Cirrus: Land of Constant Storms
Captain Lux: Captain Knows the locations of all Military bases in the nation, he will easily be able to scout and clear the area.

Torrent: The Planet’s Ocean Continent.
Joseph: Joseph, your a water mage. This is a big no duh.
Priscilla: Since you’re waterproof, pressure proof, and don’t require Oxygen, you’re a perfect candidate to explore.

Endiness: Beach Land
Joseph: You’ll be on a beach nation, test the waters of the planet, literally.
Spike: Take note of each surrounding nation, see if you can see any signs of debris or flora being moved or cleaned. Try to find some tracks of Bloodwing and his lackeys that have been on the planet. Endiness was also used as a continent of producing magick and energy. All from the continent’s various neighbors.

Killiand: Tropical Rainforest
Spike: Spike, your healing flames can cure anything thrown at you in the jungle. Though I’d recommend becoming a giant fireball and just fly through the jungle, just try to control how much you set on fire, make sure 20% of the jungle remains
Priscilla: You don’t have any biological functions, you’re essentially just like a moving rock in that environment. The fauna and flora will probably see you as such.

Cypress: Forest Continent
Priscilla: Register the planet’s energy biomes. Roots from some treas extend into; Rayvenna, Pacem, cirrus, Killiand, and Terramia. Find those so you can start scanning into those areas to detect disturbances.
Shae: Regulate your powers in Cypress. Out of everyone else, you’ll be affected the most from this planet’s natural energy. In a highly positive way.

Rayvenna: Land of Eternal Night
Captain Lux: Lux knows all the locations of former cities, making looking for them in the dark that much easier.

Australlia: Land of Death and Awful, Terrible, Things
Spike: Spike, heat and miserable environments can be dealt with with a fire form. Go see a volcano, see if you can’t harness some of that raw power.
Shae: Make sure Spike survives from trying to jump into a volcano.

Leaving the last continent for all parties to arrive on day seven, they were going to storm the abandoned capital of the planet, because let’s face it, Bloodwing or Garland had to build SOMETHING in there.  So…:
Pacem: Civil Distortion: Day Seven. 

The Order hereby gives all members of Civil Distortion permission to do whatever it takes to take these two down, just be mindful of the planet. Don’t destroy anything unless you have to. Sans you Lux.
If the time allotted isn’t sufficient, contact the Elder.
.
Good Luck, and get off of that planet as soon as you can!
-The Elder of the Order
______________________________________________________________________________

Well this is a good place to stop, why don’t we cut our losses for right now? We can lament the fact there is a sequel already in the works...

