

Any resemblances to any specific person or place are purely coincidental and unintentional.

All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2019 Skye Run

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system without expressed permission in writing from the publisher.


http://facebook.com/SkyeRun
SkyeRun@Outlook.com
http://SkyeRun.com


Cover Design and Construction by RC Miller
Jasc PaintShop Pro 9.0
PencilSketcher


First Edition

Smashwords Edition License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
All rights reserved.

ISBN: 1-7335741-4-X
ISBN-13: 978-1-7335741-4-3 (Skye Run) 

Contents

Prologue

Part 1 – A Past Lost
Chapter 1 – Establishing roots – Meridian
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8

Part 2 – A Present Misremembered
Chapter 9 – Establishing foundations – Unity 
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15

Part 3 – A Future Uncertain
Chapter 16 – Establishing a purpose – Regia 
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20

Part 4 – A Past Participle
Chapter 21 – Establishing a place – The Resistance
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29

Part 5 – A Present Tense
Chapter 30 – Establishing a team – The Haunter Grey
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36

Part 6 – The Future Unbound
Chapter 37 – Establishing protocol – Regia
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41

Epilogue

Dedication

Acknowledgements

Other Books by Ross C Miller

About the Author

Prologue

“STOP!” The Officer of the Watch called into the sound pickup. The gate guard on the other end of the connection was talking so loud and fast that she couldn’t understand him. Obviously, there was an emergency. But she couldn’t do anything about it, if she didn’t know what happened. “I can’t tell what you’re saying! Calm down! Slow down! Take a breath! First. Who is this?”
There was a very short pause before the other person spoke. …but only a little more calmly, this time.
“Gate two-one-seven, by the gardens. We’ve got a failed anchor. A burrower got in. It got Esmeralda Somers. Face down! Her son just took my weapons and went out for her. I need backup. I need weapons. I need the ERT! And I need them all five minutes ago!”
“On their way!” 
She hadn’t even waited for the gate guard to finish. As soon as she’d heard that an anchor had failed, she’d hit the both the alert and medical alarms. The teams were already scrambling into their sky-hauler. They didn’t have to load any equipment or weapons. The hauler was kept fully stocked with everything. …including armor, numerous weapons of all sorts, and all the medical gear it had room to carry. …everything that had ever been found to be useful in an emergency situation of this sort.
…and every other situation we’ve ever had. If they ever needed it in the last thousand years, it’s on the hauler.
“How long! I’m in the open out here!”
The OOW checked the map and the progress of the Emergency Response Teams scrolling down the side of her screen. They’d been through this so many times, the entire department had the whole routine down to a science. They’d had just as many drills as they had real emergencies. 
…a lot. …in both cases. No matter how well we build the walls … stuff always gets in past them.
And they’d only know if this one was a drill, or not, after they were in the air. Unless they didn’t have to go very far, they’d be suited and ready for just about anything shortly after they got off the ground. All the gear was made to be put on as quickly as possible with the mockgrav compensation on full inside the hauler. As quickly as possible, in this case, meant without causing bodily damage to the wearers. 
All the suit enhancements powered up as soon as the latches closed.
“Three minutes to your location.”
“If it can happen any faster, I’d really appreciate it! There’s something really nasty going on out there, and I’m not even going to open the view port enough to look.”
“They’ll be breaking all the speed limits as it is. Two minutes, fifty seconds. Count ‘em.”
Oh, yes, they’ll be breaking speed limits! They’ll be hauling-ass so fast … they’ll likely make a mess of the bay doors. I sent them the location and that an anchor was down with one victim, one lost. I didn’t hit the Drill Only alert. Anyone within range of the siren is on the ground so they don’t lose body parts as the hauler goes by.
The ERT would likely take the hauler out of the bay top first. The clearance was pretty slim on a normal basis. They had to keep the bay doors closed, normally, so they could make absolutely sure that nothing got in. Opening the door was automatic when the alarm got pushed. They’d tried roof-doors, once a long time ago. Those took too long to open. And there were other problems.
The bay door needed to be open and out of the way as quickly as possible. Dead anchors were far more than just a major problem. An unarmed gate guard, or anyone anywhere near a system failure of that sort just made it that much more deadly. There were always people in all the gardens. That they were in danger … was an understatement of epic proportions. 
And he’d said that someone had been taken by a burrower. 
Face down wasn’t just an emphatic descriptor. It was a piece of information that was vast and vital in its importance. Face down meant that the burrower had launched itself into the air from just under the surface of the ground. When it came down, it had engulfed her in one bite, hitting the ground face first. Something big enough to take a human face down was at least eight feet long and had multiple scores of teeth measuring more than a half a foot. And all those teeth would be covered with a paralytic neurotoxin. The absolute best that could be hoped for was that none of those teeth scraped the victim on the way. If they did, and the toxin was transferred, then whoever it was, very likely, was dead already. 
The toxin was mostly used for the burrower’s victims they couldn’t take in one gulp. …although, in most cases, the toxin wasn’t needed. …for any of the earth-fauna, anyway. The earth animals couldn’t fight back after they’d been chewed. That burrowers had evolved like this spoke more about the different types of predators out beyond the wall. …and how vicious those were, causing the need for it. 
The smaller burrowers didn’t have the toxin, yet. They usually went after calibar and other things that normally wouldn’t fight back as hard. They’d attack in swarms, taking large bites out of whatever it was they were after. Anything attacked by a swarm of the small burrowers, probably wouldn’t live as long as someone taken face down. …and it would certainly be a whole lot messier.
Even past that, though… A burrower large enough to take someone face down would have made a large tunnel coming in from under the wall. …large enough to easily accommodate its size on the return trip. …large enough so a swarm of them could come through once that tunnel was clear.
Oh, yes. The Emergency Response Team would be out there as quickly as possible. …whether the bay doors were all the way open, or not. …and they might even beat that three minutes by a slim margin.
“Just stay with me, Two-One-Seven. Let me know if anything happens,” the OOW said into the comm.
The gate guards knew the routines, too. They rotated duties between the gates and the various ERTs on a regular basis. They were all well-rehearsed and battle tested on both sides of those situations. But sometimes… 
…like now … when a big one gets in … people can easily forget the procedures and put the whole team in danger. 
Entire teams had been lost because of failures to follow procedures. 
Lots of people had been lost to the Regian predators. …enough, in the last thousand-plus years, to heavily populate an entire world.
This world … in fact. …if they’d lived.
The humans hadn’t claimed much space on Regia, even though they’d been here for more than a millennium. They weren’t able to. They weren’t allowed to by the indigenous predators. …except for at a very slow and methodical rate. All of the indigenous fauna were predators. …vicious predators. 
All. Of. Them. 
If there was anything else out there, they hadn’t seen it. Of those they had seen … there were a dozen different species, and they’d likely find an undetermined number more if they could ever substantially expand the colony … the term voracious carnivore didn’t even begin to describe them accurately.
“How’s it looking out there, Two-One-Seven?” 
She hadn’t heard anything for a few seconds. She’d been watching the clock. It had only been five seconds, but it would feel like five times that to Two-One-Seven. The best way to keep him stable was to keep him talking. There was very little anyone could do until the hauler touched down. Two-One-Seven would need everyone to sound calm and collected. His best chance of staying alive was staying right where he was and not panicking. It might add a little to his fear-factor by her taking everything just a little slower from here on, until the hauler got there, but time would seem to go by a little faster for him.
“Whatever’s happening on the other side of the wall is still going on. It sounds like a full-scale war. It sounds like there’s a woman out there fighting a swarm. It could be Esmeralda.”
That would be an absolute miracle. So many things would have had to go just right for her son to have recovered her. …no errors. …a minimum number of calibar and small burrowers. He’d have had to find the one that had his mother just as it came out of the other end of the tunnel. And he’d have had to kill the burrower and cut her out quickly. Any one of a hundred different things could be not just exactly perfect and they’d both be dead. 
“He had my gun,” Two-One-Seven continued. “Multiple shots were fired. There was a screech like I’ve never heard before. It sounded like something very big. If there is, it’s not possible that he could have gotten her out. Something that big would have killed him before he could have gotten two steps in.”
“I’m leaving this channel open, Two-One-Seven. You’ll be in on my comm with the hauler.” 
“Four.”
She toggled the commswitch for the hauler. They already had the main points, but she had to verify all those points vocally so they’d know the alert wasn’t an error.
“ERT One. This is Control. This is not a drill. Repeat. This is not a drill. Gate Two-One-Seven has a failed anchor. One civvie was been taken by a burrower. Face down. One civvie has gone outside to retrieve. Two-One-Seven is not armed.”
“Four, Control. Entry point?”
“Two-One-Seven. Where’s the borrower’s entry point?”
“I heard yelling. The Somers boy came straight out of the garden. It can’t be more than a hundred yards in. I didn’t get the chance to ask.”
“Hauler. Copy!”
“Four. Face down. It’ll be easy to spot at speed.”
“ETA?”
“One minute, thirty-four seconds. We’ll come in high and down close to the entry.”
“Two-One-Seven. Copy!”
“Four, Control.” 

***** 

The hauler set down hard with a thump. It wasn’t a pretty landing. It didn’t have to be. Nothing was damaged but this piece of the broccoli section. …a big piece. …but if more predators got in, then this little damaged piece would hardly be the least amount of people’s worries. The people understood this. And they never complained. Someday … it could be them who the ERT came to help. 
Two companies poured out of the hauler, one on each side, destroying even more of the garden, but it couldn’t be helped. They had to land next to the tunnel, and the tunnel was in the garden. While they did try not to trample any more than they had to, people didn’t exactly complain about this, either.
“Control. We have the entry. We’re down. We have the gate.”
They shouldn’t have planted a garden so close to the wall to begin with. Although … if you have to choose between houses and a garden … I guess the garden makes marginally more sense.
One company headed for the gate. The other headed for the hole the burrower had made. 
One of the techs would have to chase a screamer-cart down the hole and find out the damage to the anchor bars. The holes were inclined downward, bottoming out at the anchors, because the burrower had to come up from more than thirty feet underground. The wall went down that far. The electrified anchors went down forty feet farther. The ground density was inhibitive at a depth of seventy feet, for most burrowers, to bother going down that far. Their normal food source would have had to fail completely for them to go down that far.
If an anchor failed, it was usually bent …which was easier to fix … or chewed through, and then bent. …which meant that the hundred-foot long anchor… 
…minus however much is detached.
…would have to be pulled up from the top of the wall, and then another whole one pounded down to replace it.
The carts were called screamers, but the device itself was soundless. It was a small hard-wired remote-controlled roller-bot that travelled as far down the hole as they needed it to. It generated a massive static electricity field in front of it, which would stop any burrowers in the hole from advancing toward the compound. 
The company spread out. 
The rifles were set to rapid-fire. 
All firearms were at the ready.
They approached the hole slowly and steadily.
The ground exploded behind one of the soldiers.
The thing sprang twelve feet into the air.
Its mouth was open wide, showing the six-inch teeth clearly as its arc peaked, and it started to fall. …face down over the soldier. 
Dozens of pops sounded, like a holiday celebration, as the burrower was riddled with bullets.
The soldier dove to the side as soon as she saw what was happening.
When the burrower hit the ground, its teeth closed on her leg. 
It thrashed madly.
She rolled out of the way.
Her leg was gone from the knee down.
“GET THE HOT PLATE!” the Unit Commander shouted.
More bullets riddled the burrower.
“Into the ground! Make sure we’re clear!”
Two burrowers coming through wasn’t unheard of, but it was rare. It was rarer when the second one chose not to follow the existing tunnel, and carved out a tunnel branching out from the first.
Bullets popped at odd intervals.
A second soldier ran over to her and knelt, taking out an odd-looking gun and an inhibitor strap.
Mirrah was unconscious.
That was the neurotoxin.
She had very little time.
The MedTech, Dale, worked as quickly as he could.
The inhibitor strap also worked for a tourniquet. 
When it was tight, he turned it on and up to max.
He dialed the gun to the right setting for her weight.
Not waiting for any help, he opened the front of her suit wide.
She was pale.
Dale’s hands were shaking.
Another soldier dropped his things, and quickly got down onto the ground and started forcing air into her.
Matt got there and took the gun from Dale. “This is why they shouldn’t put couples on the same ERT! Get out of the way!”
Matt counted her ribs down from the top. 
Another soldier came over and knelt at Mirrah’s knees. She flipped the switch on the paddle she held.
It started to glow a dark orange.
Matt found the space between the second and third ribs on her left. …his right … and pushed his finger into it.
He centered the gun over the place where his finger was, took his finer out, and pulled the trigger.
There was a whine as the gun pushed the needle into her chest. 
After only a fraction of a second, the gun fired … putting the adrenaline strait into her heart.
The was another whine as the needle retracted.
Dale held up the leg that was part missing and peeled back her pants away from the end. 
The bare bone ends had teeth marks.
Matt tossed the gun to the side and put one hand on her chest, over the spot of the injection. He put his left hand on his right and gave a quick hard push. 
And another. 
And another.
He counted. …not slow, but not quickly. With every number he pushed on Mirrah’s chest.
When he got to ten, he sat up, taking his hands off her. 
“Go, Tim!”
The soldier with the hotplate pressed the surface against the raw end of Mirrah’s leg, cauterizing it. The plate sizzled. It was designed to cook everything instantly for a quarter of an inch. The smoke from the flash broiled meat curled up.
Tim forced six breaths of air into Mirrah, then sat back.
Matt started pushing on Mirrah’s chest and counting. 
“Dale! Get the monitor!”
The soldier with the hotplate scissored the handle halves back and forth, unsticking the charred flesh from the plate. 
The end of her leg was burned. It wouldn’t bleed anymore.
The scissors left a thin layer of leg meat on the plate. That would burn off easily.
Dale grabbed out the monitor and the contacts. He started taping the contacts to the places on Mirrah that they needed to go.
“I’ve got you, baby,” he told her unconscious form. “You’ll be okay. We’ll get through this.”
Tim did another set of breaths for Mirrah. “Dale. Take this side! I’m getting dizzy. I’ll finish the monitor.”
Tim moved to take Dale’s place. 
Dale turned so he could start breathing for Mirrah.
Dale and Tim switched places after another three sets of breathing.
The monitor showed a flat line … cerebral … heart …lungs … when they stopped to see if she was breathing yet.
Matt grabbed up the gun again.
“You’ll kill her!” Dale tried to grab for the gun.
“GET HIM IN BINDERS AND OUT OF HERE!!”
Matt dialed up the dosage.
Tim was breathing for her.
Matt found the spot again and pulled the trigger.
It was two more long minutes of doing everything they could for her.
The line on the monitor remain flat.
Matt took a breath, leaning heavily with his hand on his legs.
Tim knew what that meant.
Matt look at Mirrah’s unconscious body.
With his right hand, he touched his forehead, his chest, his left shoulder, then his right.
He stood up.
“Get the screamers down those holes!” he yelled.
No one else had moved. 
They were all watching for anything else that might be waiting. They were still ready to fire on anything that came up out of either of the holes, or if something made a new one. 
After the first tunnel throat was sprayed with bullets, one of the soldiers dropped the screamer into it and guided it with knobs on either side of the screen that he’d folded out from his chest armor.
A second soldier ran back to the sky-hauler and came back with another cart. 
They shot down this hole, too. 
The screamer cart started easily down the second hole. The forward light on the cart shined down the tunnel. It would easily show if there were any side tunnels.
“Check the top-lights! How many are out?!”
“Only one that we can see, Matt.”
The two holes were about fifty feet apart.
“Then they branched on this side.”
“I’ve got the branch. Registering light from unit two. Waiting here until it gets there,” the first screamer driver called.
The static charge from the second would affect communications with the first if it kept going.
Mirrah was rolled onto a grav-board and floated back to the hauler.
“I’m at the junction. No branches on this side. Bringing it back,” the second screamer driver called. It was easier and faster just to shut it off and pull it back by the cable. The winch would lock and the drive gear would disengage when the power was shut off. The first one in the main tunnel could continue immediately.
Matt and Mirrah had been lovers a while back.
But that was then.
This was now.
She was under his command.
…and he’d done everything that he could to keep her alive.
It wasn’t enough.
And this was Regia.
The dead were dead.
Nothing was going to bring them back.
Remembering them only made you hurt.
Forget them … life goes on.
He’d already forgotten her name.
That was the only way to stay sane on Regia.
“Continuing down,” the first driver called. After a very short while, he called, “Okay! I’m at the anchor! It’s been snapped. Tunnel’s clear!”
“Get the generator hooked up!”
The screamer was running off power from the hauler. It had to have a constant source, or another burrower could come through. 
Matt radioed back to Control. “We lost one, here. Second burrower came through. We’re getting solo-power to the screamer. Tunnel’s clear. Bit through the anchor.”
“Construct is mobilizing now.”

***** 

The soldier handed the Gate Two-One-Seven guard a new gun, machete, and spear.
“GUARDS!!! GET OUT HERE!! MAN DOWN!!”
They all jumped.
It was a woman’s voice, shouting from the other side of the wall.
“That’s impossible! Only Justin Somers went through! His mom wouldn’t have survived!”
“Get it open! Quick!” 
The urgency just went up.
Adrenaline shot through their systems.
The ERT took positions as the guard punched in the combination to open the door.
The team filed through, the first ones taking point and watching for anything that might move.
There was only a man on the ground.
He was severely chewed.
“Is he alive?” the team captain asked quickly.
“Barely. But I don’t see how he’s going to stay that way.”
“Move! Let me get at him!” The medic knelt beside Justin Somers. “I haven’t lost one yet, and I’m not gonna start now. Get the gear over here! Fast!”
There were dozens of dead burrowers and calibar within a very short distance. …a very scarily short distance. 
Some calibar slowly crawled away. 
They’d eaten their fill. 
Some of those were attacked by smaller burrowers.
One of the soldiers shot every single one of the predators that could be seen. 
Every now and then, a smaller burrower would bound up with a spray of dirt. 
More bullets flew.
There was lots of blood. …human and otherwise.
“I don’t see anyone! Where’d she go?”
“Who knows! She’s not here!”
“She couldn’t have gone anywhere! Not that fast! Not even straight out into the woods!”
“A burrower must have gotten her!
“That’s impossible! It would still be here!”
“So should she. But she ain’t!” 
It was a breach of procedure. 
But there had obviously been a woman out here. It was a woman’s voice. …and it surely didn’t come from that mass of meat on the ground. …Justin Somers. It couldn’t have been him that yelled.
One of the shooters went slowly to retrieve the two weapons. 
“HEADS UP!”
The team riddled the burrower all the way to the ground as its prey dove for the wall.
Calibar started swarming out of the trees. They were gliding from a good distance to cover the dead burrower. Everyone still watched all the ones in the air, though.
“Shoot the ground! Clear an arc!”
Single shots were fired into the ground, causing a feeding frenzy when a hiding burrower was hit.
Justin couldn’t have been the one using those weapons. They were too far out of reach. …and there were so many of his pieces missing, it would have been impossible to begin with. There wasn’t much of anything left of him to fight with.
The only thing close by was the machete. …and he couldn’t have held it.
The medic turned to his second. “Get something in him to stop the bleeding!” He was busy getting readings, hooking up various neural inhibitors and getting them set right. Justin had to stay awake. …which meant that all the pain couldn’t be shut off.
“Get a reading on venom!”
“I’m not showing any on the places I’ve checked. It couldn’t have been a big one that did this.”
“It didn’t have to be. Trank him!”
“It’ll stop his heart!”
“Do it! We have to keep him alive long enough to get back. We gotta shut some of him down. We may be able to stabilize the rest of him!”
“Where’s the woman?”
“She sounded fine. She’s not here. Even better. I don’t know, and I don’t care how or why. He’s our priority.”
“Dat wass Grrigorri,” an older man said, trying to watch everything that moved.
The rest of them did the jobs they had to do to guard everyone and get Justin back inside, and ready to transport.
“I can never understand you, Lenka. What language is it that?”
“Is Standarrdt? You speek Standarrdt, too. No?”
“Okay. But what’s your accent? Geez!”
“Rrooshan. Grrans wantit to keep it frrum bing forrgottun. We always spoke wen I was liddel.”
“Great. So. What’d you call it?”
“Rrooshan.”
“No. Damn! The other thing!”
“Grrigorri.”
“A Gregory? What the hell is that?”
“Grrigorri. Say correcdtly. Grrigorri is watcherr ainjel.”
“A watcher angel? Are you nuts?”
“I don’t tink so. Nodlast time I chicked. No.”
A few of his teammates looked at Lenka, trying to decide if he was joking or not.
“Watcher Angel.” One of the guys spit, disgusted, and observed as he motioned to indicate around them. “Looks like it did a really good job.”
“Dis one steell leeves. No?” Lenka’s accent was thick. “My grrans tell uss bout menni tings back on Earrt. Dey tell uss bout deess ainjelss dat prrotict pipple. Dey watch overr evrryting and evrryone.”
“He’s on,” the medic called.
“Let’s go. File in. Watch close,” the Team Lead barked. 
They filed backwards through the door. Each called to the next as the signal to start moving, and guiding them back, so they wouldn’t have to take their attention off their surroundings. The Team Lead would be the last one back through the wall.
“There’s something over there. On the ground. I don’t know what it is, but it isn’t human. It looks like …”
“Damn! I see it. Looks like the spear is sticking out of its throat. Get on the horn with Control. Call for a rover to get some documentation on that thing,” the Team Lead called. “Tell ‘em get out here fast! It’s already being eaten!” 
He looked around quickly, bringing his rifle to point in the same direction he was looking. 
He was going to be the last one to go inside. 
He’d already let his attention wander far too far from where it should have been.
One of the shooters already inside started speaking with Control.
“They’ll have a rover out here in about five minutes.”
“Five minutes is too long! It’ll be gone by then! You guys give it a good look. Keep in mind every detail. You’ll have to describe it for them.”
The Team Lead started shooting. …an arc into the trees. …into the ground around where the … thing … was. If he could provide enough meat for everything that was thinking about taking a bite out of the thing, then it might last long enough for the biostudy people to get here and get a decent idea of what it was.
“That thing isn’t forgettable. I may have nightmares for the next month!”
“With you on that one!”
The door was closed hard and quickly when the Team Lead backed through it.

***** 

“He’s not going to be coherent. Even if he does say something, you probably won’t understand him. He’s tranked to the gills and missing half the inside of his mouth.”
“Then, if he answers, we can only get truth from him. Why is he that dosed?”
“They’re going to give him a brainfry dunk for a couple hours. He’s got more sulferant venom in him than blood right now. They’re boring inside his skull. The Brainfry will kill it all.”
“Damn. It’ll be a wonder if he survives that. …not to mention the sulferants.”
“Gotta be done. We may as well kill him now if we don’t. His whole system is on the gear now.”
“Is what’s left of him going to be worth saving?”
“His choice. Not mine. Hurry up. I gotta get this tube into his lungs.”
The Team Lead put his hand on the side of what was left of Justin’s face. He tapped it slightly. 
“Justin!” He spoke loudly. “Who was out there with you? We didn’t see anyone. Justin. Can you hear me?”
Justin’s eyes fluttered.
“Justin. Who was out there with you?”
“Ain …zzull.”
“What? Say it clearly. I can’t tell what you’re saying.”
“Ain-zul.” He tried, but that’s all that would come out. He was already mostly unconscious.
“He ssays ainjel. Ainjel.”
“Angel. It can’t be.”
“Grrigorri. Diss wat I tell you. It wass Grrigorri!”

***** 



Part 1

A Past Lost 
 
Chapter 1
Establishing roots – Meridian

Metri Landeez started farm-handing when he was young, having found a friend in one of the old-timers who lived in the village. Lexi was the old man’s name. But it had taken Metri a long time to learn it.
“Lexi is da name I was borrn wit,” the old man had finally told him one day. “Wut is a name, ah? I will answerr to whateverr dey call me. And I git calledt many tings. Sum, nut so nice, ah? Da Grreenman is wut dey use musdly. Ittis enuff.” The old man nodded sagely. “You ken use dat one. Is comftable. …like dis old shirt, ah?”
Lexi was working a soy farm. As Metri watched him, the Greenman seemed to be able to coax a soy plant from ground that was hard as steel and that would grow nothing else other than scrub and thorns. His knowledge of the lore of the land was unsurpassed, and his jobs changed as often as he could make it happen. He didn’t want to be tied down to only a single place. 
“If I stay afterr da crrop takes holdt … I woodt hyave nutting to do, ah? Tings I know … dey woodt be wasted. And dis planet … it is big, ah? Much to do.” He nodded sagely, and repeated, “Much to do.”
“But Greenman,” Metri asked one day. “If your skills are highly valued, why don’t you charge more for your service? After a while you wouldn’t have to work anymore.”
“Andt ware woodt be da fun, ah? Setting all day, whatch da sun go up andt down. No. My skills arre valluble. Yes. I couldt charrge morre. Andt da landt-owners woodt pay me. But my gift is frrom Godt. Godt’s gifts arre neverr forr only one perrson, ah? So, I do not charrge too much. I live. I worrk. I hyave wut I needt. …andt more, if I want. I do wut I love. And I will kip doing it til I no longerr ken. Wut couldt be better, ah? Life is goodt, Metrri. Godt has been verry goodt to me. Andt Godt steell is, ah?”
Old Lexi taught Metri many things. …about plants, weather, dirt … about life and how everything is connected in some way. …sometimes in ways that you just can’t see until you look very closely. Over the years, Metri had stood in the rain, just tasting the air and feeling the wind, many-a-time, in order to learn the patterns and uncontrollable ways of nature. He’d lain on the ground digging with his fingers in the dirt, looking at the bugs and the seedlings, and tasting the soil to learn the rightness and wrongness of it. …and how to correct it if need be. Sometimes, problems were solved simply just by planting something else there first. 
In time, Metri’s skills grew to be close to those of the old man. Lexi would let Metri do the hunting for what was. And then he’d ask Metri what needed to be done. Metri would answer, the Greenman would agree, and then they’d proceed on the course Metri had decided on. …with which the Greenman would also agree.
“Goodt, Metrri. Goodt,” the Greenman said to him one day. “You know many goodt tings, now. You have seen da worrldt da way it wishes to be seen. You know wut it wandts, so it can do for us wut we ask. So few will do dat. So few carre. But you … yur a goodt boy. A goodt soul. You have da gift. Ittis yourr turrn to be da Grreenman, now, ah? I am goingk to rrest. My poorr oldt bones arre tiredt.”
Old Lexi had patted him on the shoulder and walked away. His job at this farm was done. Metri stood there watching him.
Where did the time go? When did he get so old? And me… 
The day the old man died was the first time that Metri had cried as an adult. 
A short time after, a farmer hired Metri for a difficult area, knowing the relationship that the two Greenmen had and the value of the skills that the old man had passed on.
While Metri knew that he could ask nearly for the moon … one of them, anyway … and he would be given just about anything he asked for … he didn’t ask for quite as little as Lexi had. Not much more. But still a very slim amount more. 
What Metri really wanted was his own farm. …his own roots. …and, eventually, as opposed to old Lexi, who’d always lived alone … a family.
It was a plan slow in its execution. But, after many years of hard work and putting his skills to good use, Metri married a servant girl. 
At first, she seemed to have nothing, really, in her favor. 
But she felt right. 
Although … that wasn’t it, either. 
He had made his decision to marry her after watching her one day. 
…one very strange day...

*****

The girl was one he’d seen, occasionally, around the farm. He was under the assumption that she was a kitchen wench, as the females of the manor staff were most often called by the hands. Their paths didn’t cross very often. 
One day, Metri had rounded a corner of one the main living quarters. 
Fidrits were scavengers. And they were a particularly nasty species. They seemed to be angry all the time. …more often than not, preferring to attack without provocation. They could work their way into just about anything that wasn’t locked in a heavy metal container. And when they did, whatever it was they got into was usually completely contaminated and useless to everything but other fidrits. It was strictly against the rules, on most of the farms Metri had worked, to find one of these ever-present omnivores alive and leave it that way. 
There was often a patch of field left separately for them, while the main fields had numerous traps around them. The idea was to give the fidrits their own section that they could get into and out of safely, so they might leave the rest of everything else alone. There were things they seemed to like more than others, and those were common in the separate sections. Mostly, it seemed to work.
As Metri had started around the corner, he’d seen the young woman on the ground, sitting on her feet. A fidrit had been caught in one of the traps, placed randomly around the farmhouse and barns to catch the pests. The fidrit had one of its hind legs caught in the trap, and it was in the process of gnawing off its foot in order to escape. 
The young woman was holding a long stick between her teeth. She looked like she was drawing or writing on the ground in front of the fidrit with it. The fidrit paid very close attention to the stick where it touched the ground. While its attention was on the stick, she reached with both hands for the trap.
Metri knew she was going to be bitten. And when she was, she’d likely lose most of at least one finger. Fidrits were tough, and their teeth were sharp as razors. A full-grown adult fidrit could take a full half-dozen hits with the flat of a shovel blade before they started to slow. …during which time, they’d be jumping to get at your legs. It was easier just to use the edge and cut them in half. Then you only had to wait for five minutes before going anywhere near it. The part with the teeth would still be active. …just a little slower and less jumpy about it.
But the woman moved without fear.
She continued to write on the ground with the stick. She opened the trap. The fidrit’s leg had been pierced by one of the trap’s tines. As she held the trap from closing with both her hands, she nudged the leg free of the tine with a finger. 
She touched it … on a very injured leg that had to be causing it a huge amount of pain … and she still didn’t get bit!!
After it was free, she moved the end of the stick to the side a little. The fidrit followed it, and she closed the trap, carefully. When her hands were free, she took the stick with one and stood up, continuing to scribble on the ground. 
With one quick motion, she dragged the stick in a quarter circle, away from herself, and threw it. The fidrit was off in a flash. When it got to the stick, it didn’t slow, but kept on going. …heading straight for the field.
Metri stood there, still looking at the girl. 
She’d looked up and had seen him as she threw the stick. …away from his direction. 
He realized that he was sitting on the ground, leaned back against the house. He wasn’t sure how he got there.
His heart was beating hard. 
That … is … impossible!
She showed no surprise, looking at him. Instead, she wiped her hands on her apron and came to him. She squatted down next to him and put her hand on the side of his face. She stroked his cheek lightly with her thumb.
“How…”
She put one finger up, interrupting him.
She pointed at him. Then she tapped his chest over his heart and pointed up. She moved her hands in a wide arc, to indicate everything. She ended the arc like she was scooping it all up, and then she took his hand, like she was putting something in it. Then she tapped his heart again.
She’s telling me I have a gift from God. She knows I’m the Greenman.
Then she repeated the motions, ending with tapping over her own heart.
“You … have a gift from God, too,” he said softly.
She put her hand back on his face, smiled, and nodded.
And she is beautiful.
The way he saw her now was completely different than before. Before, he thought she’d been … just an average woman. Not particularly noticeable, but not necessarily someone he’d rather look away from. Now … now when he looked at her, he could tell that … she must have been making herself look that way on purpose. …somehow. She actually changed … her face changed its lines. Not a lot. But enough. …enough to make him understand that he’d been seeing what must have been a mask, and what he was seeing now was the truth. Her features softened. The sides of her eyes came up and wrinkled as she smiled.
Always look closely at things, Lexi told me. Look closely and you’ll see the truth.
What he was seeing now … was exactly the truth of her.
And as he gazed into those eyes … he was lost in them. 
She said nothing while she looked at his eyes. She just sat there silently, as if she knew what was happening to him. …inside of him. …because she was allowing him to see who she was. …and she was doing so … simply because she wanted him to see her.
Eventually, she stood, and held out her hand to help him up. 
When he was standing, she moved closer to steady him. His arm, naturally, went around her. She looked at him, her eyebrows raised in question, and nodded. …like she was asking. 
“I’m okay. What did…”
She put a finger gently to his lips, preventing the rest of the question. After wrapping her arms around him and pressing against him briefly, she continued toward the house. Metri stared after her for a moment. As he started toward the barn, his confusion showed in his stride.
After Metri finally found the path through his confusion, he also understood what was causing it. His love for the land … had somehow … branched. His confusion was simply because that love … now … included her. …and it included her to a degree that astonished him.

*****

Metri was paid well, although he refused the permanent job when it was offered to him. …as both he and old Lexi always had. He calculated that he had around two more years left on this farm, before the section he’d been working on would be functional on its own. By then, he should be able to afford a large piece of land. …one that he had already decided on just where it would be. It was generally considered unusable, being mostly scrub-covered rock almost all the way in from the coast. The only ones who went there at any time were the gimcha that lived in the caves. Being of a lesser value to just about anyone but him, it would be pretty cheap. The government owned it only because no one wanted it, he knew. And he knew it was for sale because it wasn’t good for anything they might want it for, either. 
But he was the Greenman. 
And gimcha ate fish. 
And the gimcha manure could be harvested. 
And that would be a base for building good soil.
And there was a huge amount of gimcha, so there would be a plentiful, renewable, and … hopefully … easily collectible source for the soil base.
And that land would be his.
And that land would grow what he put there. It might take time to get it prepared … and it would be hard work in the process … but he was used to that. He and Old Lexi had done their share of hard work and more. But, just by virtue of the fact that it would be his land…
It might not make the work any easier. …but it’ll still be mine.
The other part of his life goal … having not just a farm of his own, but a family… It seemed like that might be on its way to happening, too. While he wasn’t anywhere near as sure about how he was going to realize that second part, he believed that it was advancing in that general direction. …more or less.
He still didn’t know her name. 
But he knew that she was the one. 
And I’m not ever going to call her Wench, as everyone else does.
Neither one of the two interfered with the other’s job. Nor did they make any demands on the other one’s time. But each found or made both the time and the reason to pass near the other and give a little smile. …a light touch. 
Sometimes, she would bring water out for him and the people assigned to work with him. He’d stop and take the water she offered. When he was finished, he’d always lock eyes with her, nod, and say, “Thank you, Miss. I appreciate it.” And she would always change to her pretty face for him, and give him a smile. 
And sometimes he’d be teased for it. It was all good natured, though. 
But that part of his goals … marrying … marrying her…
And I can hear Old Lexi, now. Therre ittis, ah? Wut tuk you solong, ah? You knew. Go wit wut you know. …just like he taught me at the beginning, when I started learning from him. Metri laughed a little, thinking about it. Old Lexi would have patted him on his shoulder and nodded his approval. But, marrying her. Now that it’s in those terms… Yes. Old Lexi would have seen it for what it was right at the beginning. Marrying her is exactly what needs to happen.
But marrying her was something he wasn’t going to be able to make happen the way he could grow things. He couldn’t take the next step by himself. …and he was very far on unfamiliar ground thinking about what he might do next in that direction.
If she was something green … she wouldn’t make my brain itch so.
But, soon, Metri’s resolve firmed … he’d decided that the itch in his brain just wasn’t going to stop until he did something about it. 
You can fix the symptoms … or you can solve the problem. If you fix the symptoms, the problem doesn’t solve itself. There’s only one way I’m going to solve this one.
He finally went and asked the land owner, Mr. Ling, if the woman had a contract with him. 
“Which one?” Ling had asked.
“The mute, sir,” Metri answered. Soon after that first day, he’d found out that she just couldn’t speak. “If so, I’d like to buy it out, please.”
That could set his land goal back a while, depending on the value of that contract. But it had gotten to the point where, while his desire for his own land could wait, his need to be with her … to be able to look into those beautiful and bottomless eyes for longer than only just a second or two, at any given time … to be able to touch her face … to hold her in his arms … instead of just a brief brush of their hands … could not.
Even as he asked about her situation, Metri still didn’t even know her name. He had asked about that, too. Apparently, no one knew what it was. She answered to Wench. That was what the kitchen master had called her when she was young. No one had ever given any thought to do anything about it from there.
She’d been an orphan, as far as anyone knew … and mute … and starving … when she showed up one day begging for food. Rather than just turning her away, food was given to her. But instead of leaving, she stayed to help as she might be able. She continued to help, making sure she wasn’t ever in the way, doing whatever she thought they needed help to do. As soon as someone mentioned something that needed doing, she rushed to accomplish it. The kitchen master let her wash in the servants’ quarters, instead of the troth in the barn as she’d been doing. …along with washing the ragged clothes that she’d been wearing. He replaced those, as well, out of his personal funds.
The wench was very serious when she was young. She had no problems hearing, and she had taken instruction well. She never gave anything less than her very best effort. Mr. Ling decided to let her stay when the kitchen master made his request and recommendation.
“Now, why, Mr. Greenman, would you want to buy her contract?” Ling asked seriously.
“I believe I’m in love with her, sir. Would that I might marry her.”
“Ah. I see.” Ling nodded. There had been rumors. And this verified their truth. “I would very much like to sell her contract to you,” he said, but paused. 
Metri could only think the worst. 
“But,” Ling continued. “She has no contract with this estate to sell,” Ling admitted. “She was in need of a home, when she was very young. She worked hard. We took her in. And she has served this household very well from the day she arrived. While she is a credit to my staff, and I really wouldn’t prefer to lose her, she may go with you if she wishes … but only if that is her wish … and you both will have my blessings.”
Metri breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank you, sir.”
“On one condition.” Ling quickly amended belatedly. 
But it seemed to Metri that slight delay was completely intentional. He hoped Mr. Ling wasn’t going to demand that he stay and work here. He started to think very fast, trying to find a way he might be able to get around such a demand. 
Why borrow troubles, Old Lexi would have said. Hear him first.
“Sir?”
“You may take her, of course, if she agrees. My single condition…” Ling paused for a moment, “is that you have your wedding, here, at my house.”
Metri lowered his face for a moment. When he lifted it, he answered, “If she agrees, then that is far more than I could wish, already. To do … have here … that is … far more than I could reasonably take from you.”
“Pish posh, boy. You can’t unreasonably take what you’ve been freely given. You’ll accept my condition before I’ll allow you to ask her. You’ve done far more for the sake of this farm than you’ve allowed me to pay you for. You live like a hermit, taking nearly nothing. …only a very small fraction of what you deserve. Your only other option, which you’ve already rejected … and more than once, I might add … is to stay here permanently.”
“Then it appears, sir, that I have no choice. I humbly accept your gracious offer, presuming that she will accept mine.”
“A very wise choice, Mr. Greenman.” Ling smiled triumphantly as he buzzed the kitchen.
“Yes, sir. What may I get for you?” the kitchen master asked.
“Bring the mute wench to my office, if you would please.”
“Has she done something untoward, sir? I will take full responsibility for it, if she has and if I may.”
“Everything is fine. There is no ill will to be found in this matter. Thank you.” He took his finger off the comm button. “Would you care for a glass of wine?” he offered Metri.
“No. Thank you, sir. This estate’s wine is, without a doubt, the best I have ever tasted. But I normally have so little, even at the holiday feasts. I should rather be conscious when she arrives, I think.”
Ling laughed. “Yes. I agree. Conscious would seem to be the optimal state, both, to make your request and receive her answer.”
They chatted about the farm and the progress of its more difficult areas, while they waited. Metri gave him his expectations about the timing of his contract’s end. …assuming that something disastrous didn’t happen making it necessary to extend that contract. …which he would not hesitate to do.
There was a knock at the door, which opened after three seconds. 
That was the custom. Unless permission was specifically denied, it was always assumed. Occasional medical emergencies on the estate had shown that custom to be quite beneficial.
The kitchen master came in with the woman trailing behind. He looked at Metri and nodded. The knowing smile didn’t reach his mouth, but it ruled his eyes. That the two were infatuated with each other … although neither was, in the slightest, overbearing about it … was common knowledge among the staff. After delivering her, he turned and left without needing to be dismissed, closing the door behind him.
“The Greenman, here, has a request of you. Would you be available to hear it?”
She looked at Metri for a second, thinking, and nodded. Her hands were behind her back. And her expression didn’t change. She looked as she normally did for everyone. The lines of her face were serious and dull. She was making no particular notice of herself. She didn’t seem unhappy, but she didn’t particularly happy either.
Metri stood and went to her. “This isn’t exactly how I thought this would go. But here we are.” He held both his hands out to her, palms up. “Would you, please, Miss … do me the most extravagant honor of becoming my wife?”
She tilted her head and took a breath noticeably more deeply than she had been. She placed her hands in his. Metri could clearly see the change in her. Everything about her transformed to the angel that she allowed him, only, to see. 
Ling was still behind his desk, sitting quietly, although he had to have seen the transformation, as well.
She lowered her face some, then brought it up to the same degree. Then she finished the single deliberate nod with a smile. He could see that she swallowed. …but she didn’t lick her lips. She wasn’t nervous. That was just the most reaction she could show with due decorum, considering the third person in the room.
…who came around his desk at this point. The look of astonishment on his face was clear. “So that’s what you’ve been hiding all these years. The Lord only knows why. As far as I am aware, we have never treated you badly. And if we have, I will do what I can to make amends. Have you been treated with anything less than the respect due you? …by anyone. …ever. …here in my home or on these grounds.” 
Her expression turned to mild alarm. She quickly shook her head. She swiped her hand once, palm down, a short distance in front of her. She bowed slightly, bending her knees quickly to do so. She looked at Ling directly, not changing her face back to what she usually wore.
“Well. Then.” He put his hands lightly on their shoulders for a moment. “Do take the rest of the evening off. And the morrow, as well, if things can be without you for that long. Both of you. I’m sure there’s much for the two of you to discuss. Let me know when you have a date in mind. Keep in mind that I’ll want two months to prepare for your celebration.”
She looked at Metri, questioningly. He’d have to tell her about the condition Mr. Ling had set.
“Yes, sir,” Metri said.
“Show yourselves out, then. And have a wonderful rest of the day.” 
Mr. Ling turned and left, leaving the double-doors wide open.

*****

They stood gazing at each other. …neither wanting to do anything else. It was the first time they’d been intentionally left to themselves. While Metri lived on the grounds, the wench liv…
“You need a name. Wench is unacceptable. I can’t and won’t use that. Do you have one of your own?”
Her eyes wandered briefly as she thought. She shook her head.
“Do you have… No. Come. We’ll go somewhere. We’ll talk.” 
He led her out of the house by the hand. Not once did she hesitate on the way. When he realized she was hurrying to keep up, he slowed down for her. …so that she could walk beside him. The only time he let her go was to open a door for her. But she’d go to the other side, and wait for him, taking his hand again, before they’d continue.
They sat on the ground, leaning back against the outside of the little house Mr. Ling had assigned to him. Metri had spread his jacket on the ground for her to sit on. She’d objected only by making it clear that what she had on wasn’t going to look any better by not sitting directly on the ground.
“Nevertheless. You’re far too important to me to just let you sit in the dirt like a child.”
She lifted his jacket and pointed at that spot and then to where he was sitting and nodded upwards. …which said to him that he was in a place no different from where she would be. That she’d asked, in her own way, was what about you, was fairly obvious. That he’d imagined it asked in Old Lexi’s voice made him laugh. Wut aboudt you, ah? Old Lexi had asked him hundreds of times over the years. And, naturally, he answered in Old Lexi’s accent. 
“Durrttis wut Iyam. Ittis wut I do.” He chuckled. 
The woman tilted her head.
He’d explain it later. 
“But I won’t have you planted like a seedling, …no matter how beautiful a flower you may be.”
She bent down, her hands on both sides of his face. She kissed him.
…and his heart soared.
“I … have so little to give you,” he said softly.
She hadn’t sat, yet. She bent down, looking seriously. She took two fingers and pointed in the direction of his eyes, and then at herself. She took his hand and turned it palm up, cupped, and holding it there. With her other hand, she motioned like she was taking herself into her own hand, placed what she’d taken in his, and closed his hand, moving the loose fist to his chest. She held her own hand cupped, and made the same motion at him. …like she was taking him. She put what she had in her own cupped hand, and then pressed that hand with her other against the center of her chest. She tapped his closed hand, which he hadn’t moved from where she’d placed it. And then she tapped her own closed hand, still at her heart. Then she stood as high as she was able, and took both hands up and open in front of her. She spread them out as high and then as wide to the sides as she could. She brought them around in front of her, like she was catching the whole world. She gave him some of the nebulous existence in her hand and kept the rest held to her chest.
“Having each other … we have everything,” he said to her.
She bent down and kissed him again, holding the sides of his face. As she backed away a little she smiled and nodded. Then she sat on his jacket, her legs bent nearly under her, to the side.
“You … are … more … far more than I deser…”
She quickly put a finger to his lips and softly shook her head. She pointed to one hand and then him. She pointed to her other hand and then herself. Then she laced her fingers, each hand holding the other tightly and pressed the back of one to the side of her face. When she took her hands apart, she took his arm and leaned against him.
One handed … not wanting to disturb where she was … Metri took his datapad out of the satchel he always carried, and he handed it to her after bringing up a blank note sheet.
“You must be able to read, so I’m sure you can spell. Punch in anything you want to say on this. I’ll read it. And we’ll go from there.”
She nodded, took it, and immediately started hitting letters. It didn’t take long before she handed it back to him and smiled.
There are so many things to say; so many questions to ask. I don’t know which to do first.
He handed it back to her. 
“We appear to have the time to get to each of them. …eventually, anyway. First … Do you have a name that you would prefer? I will not call you Wench.”
She typed and handed the pad to him.
I have always been Wench. I don’t remember anything before being here as a child. Other people have names. I have Wench. It makes no difference. I am with you, now. What you prefer, will be.
He handed it back and thought for a minute. 
“While I have many acquaintances … I have had only one friend. I can’t very well suggest his name, or a variation of it. That would not do you justice.”
She raised her hands and shoulders slightly. Metri took that to mean What, then?
“I have seen you as magical since that first day.”
She turned to him quickly and smiled. Her eyes showed every bit of what she was feeling. Obviously, she couldn’t imagine herself being considered anything more than a kitchen wench.
“You need a name as mysterious and wonderful as you seem to me.”
She looked down and shook her head slightly. She wasn’t objecting. She was only admitting that, in her own eyes, there was nothing at all mysterious or wonderful about her.
“The legends tell of a Grigori who was seen, here on Meridian, long ago. Do you remember? Did you ever hear of it?”
She nodded.
“She saved a man. He was shot and nearly killed in Unity raid. They left him for dead when they set fire to his farm. She dragged him from the flames. And then it’s said that she claimed him as her own. When he was mostly healed and able, he left to find her. According to the legend … he said her name was Lyla.”
She put her hands lightly on his arm and shook her head. Not a definite objection to the name. …but something else. She took up the pad and tapped quickly.
Too much power in that name. That one is not for me. I am not such.
He looked at her eyes. He took her face in his hands, rubbing once lightly, back along the bones of her cheeks. …and he told her softly, “But you are to me, my love.”
She leaned into him and lifted her mouth toward his.

*****

Metri and Lyla finished out Metri’s contract. He stayed an extra six months. His intention was to do so without pay, to give more value to the service he’d already given. But Mr. Ling would have none of it. Metri was continued to be paid. And Lyla had begun to be paid when she stayed on, too. 
Metri was conflicted. It hadn’t been what he’d originally wanted to accomplish. …but it allowed him to buy a bigger section of the land.
The wedding had been a grand affair. Metri had worked on many farms. And it seemed all of them had been invited. …and came. It was a very long day for the both of them. When it was done, they went to Metri’s shack. Neither, they found, had the energy to do much more than just fall quickly to sleep, that night.
There had been a get-together on Metri’s property when it was time to leave Mr. Ling’s. Half the county, it seemed, showed up to help put up their house. Most of the people seemed to be in some sort of rotation, coordinated by who-knew-whom. But despite what should have been at least a mild chaos, everyone knew what needed to be done each day, and saw to it that it was. 
The manor was completed in only a fraction of the time that he’d originally been expecting. …and it was, easily, five times as big. Metri was overruled a number of times where the design was concerned. He was told that if he was going to continue to be an obstructionist, then he could just go help his wife. …who was constantly busy and had a large number of helpers of her own. Since he would have only been in the way there, even more than it seemed he was here, he did as he was instructed in the building of his own home.
Materials appeared. …from where, Metri had a reasonable guess. …paid for by whom, Metri less certain. He was told, that he could either accept the gift, or not, but the house would be built the way the new designs … the ones he hadn’t had a part in, since the ones he’d done were offhandedly rejected by whomever was in charge of the effort … were laid out. 
He could live in it afterward, or not, as he chose. 
“But it will be built. To this design. So, help, or get out of the way,” he’d been told. “It would be a shame to see this magnificent structure go to waste. And it will comfortably hold you, your children, and … most of theirs. …unless you’re as parsimonious with gaining offspring as you are with everything else, and then you should be able to house the fifth generation, here, as well,” as the information came to him.
Metri decided to fall back on one of Lexi’s many lessons. 
Accept wuttis beyondt your control widdout complaindt. Deal wit wut you find. Ittwill be dun as ittwill be dun. We cannot force wut will not be changed, ah? So wut do we do insteadt? 
Even after this much time since his death, Metri could still hear Old Lexi’s teaching.
Lyla had taken it upon herself to make sure that everyone was fed. They weren’t paying for the house, past the initial materials they had bought, so they could well afford to feed everyone. She’d had excellent training, from her former kitchen duties, to make sure all the meals surpassed everyone’s expectations. And, like the house being built regardless of Metri’s plans, everyone was fed very well. …and in many cases over-fed. …despite their own plans on the matter. Spit-roasted gimcha … a prolific indigenous cross between a reptile and a bird, usually weighing three times as much as a well-fed adult human male … was always available in a half-dozen variations.
They live in the caves in the cliffs on the coast, at the northern boundary of our land. …and they are delicious, if cooked and spiced right. I’ll also add that Lyla is extremely adept at running not just a kitchen, but an entire household, and even coordinating a continuous banquet for scores of people, using only a minimal budget and a wonderfully active imagination. And she makes everything she does all look so effortless.
He still had a hard time figuring out how he could have been so blessed, to the extent that he obviously had been, for her to have found him. 
And that’s what it had been.
She found me. Not the other way around. I never saw her let another fidrit out of a trap. And there had been many. She’d had plenty of opportunity. But, somehow, she must have known I was going to be there. Somehow, she knew I’d see. And I have been blessed far, far more than I deserve. For her … and for everything, Lord Jesus … I give you thanks.

*****

After a few years, Lyla bore him a son. They named him Lexi, after the Greenman. As a baby, Lexi was a bundle of joy … until he reached the age of three. At this tender age he began to show a streak of independence that neither parent knew quite how to deal with. 
Over that same time, Metri had worked the rocks and the rest of the bare land, collecting hundreds of loads of gimcha manure, and already had a number of things growing. He was careful not to sell anything that his former employers normally sold. …all those same people who’d paid for his house … his very expensive house … and put it up. While he grew the food for his own household … both the meats and vegetables, which he kept only in as large a quantity as it needed to be to sustain itself … the things he took to market were of a more rare variety because of the difficulty in growing them. 
Various types of decorative flowers, for example. 
Some of those were nearly impossible to grow. But Metri could do it. And the farm grew, little by little.
Gimcha, however, were plentiful. The cost was only what it took to catch them and bring them back. Bringing back only one gimcha paid for the effort eight times over. 
The skin could be made into a very tough leather. Much tougher than cows’, pigs’, or sheep skin. But, in being that tough, it also couldn’t be made any softer. So, while it had its uses … those uses were more specific, and it wasn’t likely to put a dent in the leather industry. …even if the farm could process that many. 
Gimcha beaks and talons were thick and hard. Artists would make carvings in them, even though they were difficult to work with. But that’s what kept the carvings from breaking easily, too. Since there was only one set for every gimcha brought in, by themselves, just the beaks could have been sold for a huge amount. But, as far as Lyla and the Landeez estate was concerned, the beaks were only another byproduct. They gave those away, directly to the artists. …and paid full price for some choice carvings they had.
…the other few we have, they nearly forced on us, leaving them here while we were sleeping, and not accepting payment. …even if they could figure out which artist had done the piece. The market price of just those … could have bought us twice as much land. And they still would. But … there is no way we could ever reasonably part with them. They were made, specifically, for us. …and they weren’t signed.
They gave away all the rest of the gimcha parts they weren’t going to use, as well. There were always people or companies who would take the various remains.
The boiled bones could be ground and turned into pet treats. Metri and Lyla didn’t have any pets, and they didn’t do any of the processing. There was a local company that did that, though, and they’d said that dogs would get very overly-excited at the prospect of getting one of those rare gimcha treats. Those dogs would always choose gimcha treats over any other kind, given the chance to choose by smell alone. So, they’d take anything the Landeez family had left over when they caught one. They even requested to pay for what they got. 
Lyla would have none of that, though. 
The Landeez family didn’t want or need any of it. So why should someone else have to pay before they could take it away? It seemed to make more sense to her that the estate should pay to have them take the remains away.
The entire gimcha was processed in one fashion or another. They had a list of businesses who each took specific parts. The only cost to those businesses was just for them to come and get it. When more than one company wanted the same parts, Lyla rotated the lot, giving what they would take of a single gimcha to each in turn.
Gimcha ate fish. Even though there were a lot of fish on this section of the coast, the cycle seemed to be exceedingly well self-maintained. …more gimcha, less fish, leading to less gimcha. Less gimcha, more fish, leading to more gimcha. It was a natural cycle that human consumption hardly seemed to affect. …if at all, as far as they could tell. Metri and his household, mainly, were the only ones who ever ate them. …mostly, because they were … not pretty … creatures. They weren’t fierce looking. …they just didn’t have anything to recommend looking at them. Their skin seemed to be loose. They had sparse clumps of hair, instead of feathers. They weren’t really even graceful in flight.

*****

“Love,” Metri came in one day. “There’s a ship at the port. There was talk that they have a type of medical-miracle food. They call it Congee. From what they say, it comes from a special world. …an unbelievable world. And it’s supposed to be able to completely heal the worst of injuries …even to the impossible point of regrowing lost limbs … all without any side effects.”
Lyla looked at him with interest. …but not necessarily enthusiasm. He knew what she was thinking. There were rarely any serious injuries that the estate medical staff couldn’t deal with. Something like this was interesting. …but it seemed to be mostly extraneous.
“I was thinking…” He stepped closer and took her hands in his. “…that maybe we could buy some and see if you can have a voice.”
She took a quick breath, but then smiled. It wasn’t a sad smile. It was the one she always gave him when he wanted to do something for her that would be an incredibly huge and important thing for most people. …and even her, most of the time. But she almost always thought she either didn’t deserve it, or it was just far too extravagant. She had everything she wanted. …right here. …in him. She had their son, their home, their farm. And that was always plenty enough for her. Sometimes it was even so much, that she felt she was caught up in some wonderful fairytale. 
Lyla tilted her head … and shook it a little. She lifted her right hand, palm up, and ran her left index finger from the heel of her right hand out past the end of her fingers. 
He knew what she meant. They were able to communicate well with what they had learned about each other through the years. Anything more complicated only required the use of a datapad. 
She’d told him that anything that would be able to do what he claimed would surely be expensive. …and, therefore, even more unnecessary.
“But…”
She put a finger to his lips. Then she held up that finger and took her datapad from her shirt pouch. She tapped letters quickly.
I know very well that you do not find me deficient in any way. And neither do I. I know very well that what you want to do is only for me and my sake. Not for you. But I am satisfied with who I am, and who I have become. Most of the things I would say to you do not need words. And those things you easily know. I do not miss what I have never had. Except for our son, the only things I need are exactly what I had right after we were married and before this overly-extravagant house was built. What I had then is all I want now, and exactly what I still have. I have learned to adjust to the house.
When he finished reading what she’d written, he laughed and nodded reluctantly. “I’ve learned to adjust to it, too. There are some rooms I think I have never seen.” He drew her in for an embrace. “And, yes,” he said softly. “I have everything I need with you.” He nodded once sideways. “With the single exception of our son … all else is extra.”
She pulled him down to kiss him. 
He was covered with dirt. And he resisted. …but only for a moment. She knew the why, and pulled him down anyway. …as she always did. It never mattered what he was covered with. …which wasn’t always pleasant … to say the least. But she still never paid any attention to any of it.
The way she always did pulled him down to kiss him … it always made his heart beat faster. He felt … every time … that she was giving him everything she was … everything she could possibly ever give him … a whole universe of gifts … all in those few all too brief moments.

*****

Lexi was a strong-willed lad. 
More times than not, he didn’t know what to do with himself. More times than not, the Staff didn’t really know what to do with him, either. It wasn’t that he intentionally got into things with malicious intent. …it was more that he tended to not think things all the way through to their conclusion. Metri was called to the house for only the direst of circumstances. Lyla had a difficult time with Lexi, at first, because there wasn’t any way for her to explain to Lexi what the problem was, as he wasn’t old enough to read the words that she needed him to. She could only let him know that there was, indeed a problem, and that it would be addressed as soon as it possibly could be.
Staff had tended to raise Lexi. Metri was always out expanding the useful area of the farm, or building another greenhouse for the flowers that needed strictly controlled environments.
Lyla was always taking care of the household, with all its intricacies and problems. She made sure that the only things Metri worried about were the very things that he was the only one who could worry about them. Everything else, she took care of. She managed house, the staff, and the money. …for both the items for sale and the expenses. She took what Metri could give her and multiplied its value to the extent that was reasonably possible. 
She is incredible with everything she does. She is everything I could ever have reasonably wanted her to be. …and far beyond. She is so much more than I ever thought. How was I ever so blessed? And how could Mr. Ling not ever know… 
No. 
Metri realized. 
He never saw the truth of her, because she didn’t want him to. That was why she wore the mask. It was simply to make everyone … ignore … her. …until she showed herself to me. …as if she knew that … sooner or later … I would be there. 
He shook his head. 
But how could she have known something like that? She would have had to see into the… 
No. No one can do that. 
I came along. 
And … she chose me.
And … that makes me a thousand … a billion … times more blessed.

***** 

Chapter 2 

When Lexi reached an appropriate age, Metri took him on a tour of the farm. After the fact, Metri considered that Lexi might still have been too young. Metri was conflicted about Lexi’s preference for the machinery they had in service, as opposed to the living things and how to coax them from the ground.
Every spare minute, Lexi was out learning how to tweak the process of the machinery. …to get as much worth and work as he could from them. …making them more effective and efficient, but also causing as little wear on the parts as possible. 
Metri finally decided that someone in the family was going to have be educated. …like he and Lyla hadn’t been. …not formally, anyway. Someone was going to have to look after the farm when he and Lyla got old. By then, the expansion of the growing area would be complete, and his own knowledge would, hopefully, be obsolete. Since Lexi showed such an interest in the machines that they had … and the farm would eventually need a better system in place … Lexi would have to go to a school that would give him what he needed to know to do that. He’d have to have a formal education. …one that was specialized in automated processes, and include theory, design, construction, and maintenance. 
The other school that he was planning on sending Lexi to, specialized in business management. …simply because Metri didn’t expect his son to find a woman who was anywhere near as gifted as Lyla.
Another as capable and competent as his mother … is going to be very close to impossible for any of us to find for him. 

*****

Lexi had the knowledge base … and the language … to take the farm to places it hadn’t been able to go to before. Just the knowledge of Math and Finances he’d acquired gave him access to a much wider world. 
But it wasn’t enough. 
That was general knowledge, to be used as a base model, and not specific to the Landeez farm. And there was only one way he’d learn that. When he’d asked his mother if he could be included when she worked with the farm’s finances, she’d immediately agreed. 
Sitting with her once gave him good information. But it didn’t give him anywhere near as much as he needed to know. And it certainly wasn’t representative of everything that she normally took into consideration to accomplish all that she did. So, he asked if he could be included in everything she was involved in, concerning the finances.
She’d immediately agreed with that, as well.
Through the long process of communicating by way of her datapad, she explained what she did and how she made her decisions. 
She and Metri had set up a calendar, linking their inventories of everything with the times they and the farm would need them. Doing his part, Metri helped her stay to the timing of that calendar. When he was forced to depart from that timing, Metri would let her know, and they would adjust the calendar, if they needed to. It was always as accurate as they could make it for the next six months. The first half of those, Lexi noted was almost written in stone. Deviations existed. …but they were extremely rare. Past the calendar’s six months could only be generally estimated. But, even then, they normally had a very good idea what was going to happen.
So much of what his mother did was exactly in line with what he’d learned at college. …even though her reasoning for the choices she made were based more on because that’s what makes sense to me than anything even close to what the university had taught him. 
It’s almost like they’re two sides of the same coin. Dad’s a genius with the ground and making things grow. He knows just what the ground needs to motivate the plants to take root and thrive. Mom’s a genius with people and the business side of everything. …and those are some awfully big shoes I’m going to have to fill some day. I can only hope I’m half as competent as even just one of them is.
In truth … he learned so much, he started worrying that … somehow … he’d manage to fail. …that he’d somehow cause it all to come crashing down around their ears after they were beyond the point of being able to tell him how to avoid the mistakes that he was sure he was going to make. 
There is very little real difference between growing a thousand Ghost Orchids and ten thousand, his mother had told him one day. But, if any are not sold, then that’s the only factor that will raise the cost per flower. Lower the price, and more are sold. They’re always in demand because people like pretty things, but sometimes aren’t able or willing to put the effort in to making them stay pretty. Lyla let him know that very concept appeared to be much the same with everything else, as well. 
As long as the costs are covered, and as little is wasted as possible, then an estate can grow. For stability, it should be grown as slowly as a Kinabalu Orchid, she’d told him. Waste little. Use everything you have to your best advantage. Move quickly, but expand slowly, she’d told him.
…which was not necessarily the path he’d been taking with helping his father.
But his father hadn’t said anything contrary to what Lexi’d wanted to accomplish. He’d accepted and aided all of the changes that Lexi had wanted to make.
But now I see the process more clearly. …the bigger picture. It can grow faster, but an error … damage to one of the machines … a failure of any of the crops … could set us back drastically. Dad never tried to rein me in. Mom … This is a lesson I needed to learn. I asked Mom if I could be in on this. She’s been trying just as hard as Dad has … to make all my ideas work from this end. And I can see, now, that I’ve been making some of her choices difficult. Although … away from this desk, not a soul would have suspected. …least of all, certainly, not me. So … this is something I had to learn.
He’d remembered when he’d asked her about being able to sit with her. It was something he’d gotten the idea that he had to know about.
And … now … it makes me wonder if asking to be included on this … was my idea … or … I’m thinking, more likely … somehow … hers.
Lexi had mentioned exactly that to his mother.
Lyla had put her head back briefly in silent mirth. 
She’d put her hand to the side of his face and smiled. Her eyes sparkled like he’d just said or done something that she very much approved of. That touch of hers was always so soft and warm. It always made everything better. …it always told him everything he needed to know about how much she loved him.
And … it told me that she had, indeed, successfully solved another problem. One that I’d created. How she managed to do that … that skill … that gift that she has … is something I’m never …ever … going to be able to be capable of. 

*****

Metri and Lyla weren’t exactly recluses … but they each tended to prefer the quiet of just being alone with each other after a long day. 
…and make no mistake. Every day on a farm … no matter what you’re growing or raising … is a long day.
But somebody needed to be the person representing the family at social functions that were official or for benefits. 
It’s not that they won’t. They just have other priorities for their free time. And they’ve done their share of those functions.
So, it was up to Lexi. 
He’d, at first, objected.
Lexi was nominated. 
It was voted on. 
And Lexi had lost, two to one.
Not a particularly tough duty, though. At least I get to see people and expand our network of contacts. …and provide a little information on the things we market. As mom said, if we can’t sell what we already have, then it doesn’t make sense to expand.
Lexi was at one of these functions, one night. Metri had specifically asked him to go to this one, saying that it was an event where some people it would probably be advantageous to know … for the farm … would probably be. He’d already met a number of people and traded information with them at some of the prior events. Lexi received some keen interest from a few estates in the middle of the continent in the rarer flowers that his family grew. And people had approached him with things that might be useful in the Landeez processes.
He’d just finished a conversation with Amorissi Strata, the patron of a very large estate on the southeast coast, who dealt in a wide variety of citrus fruits, some of which were here before people came to Meridian. Some were hybrids. …those were incredible, even just to smell. Strata had expressed an interest in a large quantity of most of the flowers the Landeez estate grew. A quantity so large, in fact, that Lexi and his father would have to expand those sections by fifty percent just to cover that single demand. Lexi told him that it wasn’t possible … right at this particular moment … to cover the orders he wanted to place, but we’re able to expand quickly. 
In fact, everything needed for that expansion, and more, was already in place. It just wasn’t being used yet.
So, maybe it wasn’t such a tremendous mistake. We didn’t need it then. It looks like we’ll need most of it now, though. We should be able to get it up and running reasonably quickly. Then it’s just a matter of making sure everything grows well with what we have.
Strata had assured him that he would want that amount as soon as it could be made available. He did, however, ask for exclusivity for the Landeez flowers for the southwestern quadrant. 
“I can let you know when we’re ready to plant and the lead time,” he’d said. “And I can assure you that exclusivity won’t be an issue.”
It certainly won’t be. He wants to buy for that entire quadrant, and distribute from there. All by itself, that assures a massive amount of business. 
Strata had asked about the price at that time. 
“It, likely, won’t be any different than the price I gave you.” 
…which surprised Strata. 
“The cost,” Lexi said, exactly as his mother had told him, “between raising a thousand Ghost Orchids and ten-thousand isn’t significantly different, as long as we can sell as many as we raise. If your orders are what you suspect they’ll be, then it doesn’t affect the current price, in an upward direction, at all.” He wasn’t sure that was exactly accurate, but he trusted his mother’s judgement on that statement. The overhead cost per flower would be less. So, the profit made would be even more. And it was entirely possible that his mother would go so far as to reduce the price even lower than it was currently. …for everyone they sold to. 
“Just let me know when you’ve got feedback from your people, and we’ll get it all in motion.”
Strata had agreed, and also agreed with the need to be sure that all was in place before a large move could be made by the Landeez estate. “Your parents, along with your flowers … especially the rarer orchids … have a reputation,” Strata had said. “And I have been waiting … far longer than I care to admit … for exactly this opportunity.”
And that may very well have been the exact reason Dad wanted me to be here tonight.
Lexi was deep in thought about the logistics and sequencing of the expansion. Shipping to the far coast wouldn’t be a problem. It never was. The market for their flowers had only spread to an arc of the continent that might encompass up to a quarter of it. Although, it was most likely significantly short of even that. If Strata had the reach that he said he did, then the farm could conceivably supply well over half the continent, easily. 
All of the expansion systems he’d set up were just sitting there, waiting to be activated for the increase in business. And now it looked like a number of the things he’d done were finally going…
Someone walked straight into him as he rounded the corner.
It was a woman. 
A smallish woman. 
Her forehead hit his chin squarely.
She was at the exact height that his hands, working his data pad, went straight into her chest.
He yanked his hands back.
She’d been looking the other way. She had to finish the step she’d taken.
His reactions were quick enough to not run her completely over, possibly causing any more physical harm to her than may have already happened. But in those efforts, Lexi wheeled his arms as he struggled to keep his balance. …which was already far past recovery.
He ended up falling, despite his best efforts. …and crashing an elbow into an hors d’oeuvres tray on his way down. 
The waiter, who had been carrying the tray was knocked off balance as Lexi careened off him. 
Lexi fell hard onto the end of the table that was right there. 
The table collapsed on that side, and just about everything on it … soft cheeses, breads, gelatins, salads, and even a nearly full punch bowl … went down the incline … or became airborne … and found what seemed to be their most comfortable resting place. …mostly in Lexi’s lap. …in addition to the items which had ended up scattered about his head and shoulders.
As the clanging of the trays and various items hitting the floor …and of glass shattering … died … and all of the food ended the major portion of its migration … some bits and pieces still having not quite become satisfied with their current location … Lexi looked up at the woman. …who stood there wide-eyed and with her mouth hanging open.
He’d been raised not to cause or perpetuate any hate and discontent in public. But even if he’d been so inclined … and he’d seriously considered saying something … ungracious … for a brief moment … he was completely distracted from the mess he was sitting in the middle of by the most amazing pair of crystal blue eyes he had ever seen. …which belonged to the most breathtaking woman he could ever have imagined. His mouth hung loosely open as he sat there on the floor amid the … previously-edible … chaos.
Not a sound came out of him. …mostly because the vision of her had, quite literally, taken his breath away.
After looking briefly down at him in horror at what she had caused … and having caught her own breath at such devastation … she stepped over to him. Instead of offering him help to get up … she kicked off her shoes and plunked straight down onto his lap. …right on top of all the cheeses and gelatins! 
She threw her arms around his neck, dislodging more of the mess, and said to him, “This has got to be the absolute most novel and original approach any man has ever taken to meet a girl!” After which she kissed him soundly on the lips. As she drew back, she smiled at him, saying “You have no idea how glad I am that you didn’t go with a lame pick-up line, instead.” And then soundly kissed him again.
As she drew back the second time … and he finally regained his senses enough to think clearly … more or less … more less than more … he smiled back at her, blinking. He cleared his throat slightly, to get his voice under control, and stated, “You’ve ruined your dress.”
“I’ve ruined your dignity” she quipped in return.
“My dignity will heal,” he smiled.
“My dress is even more easily replaceable,” she laughed. “Can I buy you a drink, now that you’ve gone through all this effort, and you have my complete attention?” 
She gazed into his eyes. …and he nearly lost himself in hers.
“It’s on me!” he countered. Realizing what he’d said, he closed his eyes, dropped his shoulders and shook his head slowly.
The woman nearly howled with laughter. But, then, just as quickly, she buried her face in the side of his neck and shook her head. When she moved back, the entire side of her head was smeared with whatever had been on his shoulder. She gave him a foolish grin, raised her eyebrows, shook her head quickly and shrugged, as if to say, Me too! 
Time seemed to restart itself, and there were hands coming from everywhere helping them up, cleaning off the worst of the mess from them, and trying to restore some semblance of order. 
“I’m Io! That’s an I and an O. Io. Don’t mispronounce it. Don’t misspell it. Very pleased to make your acquaintance! Now, come here and give me another apology kiss.”
At which point, not waiting for him, she wrapped her arms around his neck, again, and placed a very large kiss on his lips. Had anyone been thinking along those lines, it would have been quite the question as to who was apologizing to whom. …and for what reason.
“I’m … uh … Lexi Landeez,” he was able to say, finally. “That’s an E E Z, at the end, not an I S. …EEZ, just like it sounds. And the pleasure is all mine.” He wrinkled his forehead. “…I think. You’re…” he continued after a slight hesitation, “unusual.” He raised his eyebrows and shook his head, slightly, in wonder. 
“I’m Io!” she corrected him. “…although,” she wrinkled her forehead, as he had, “those two could be synonymous.”
Lexi just shook his head in wonder as he followed her a short way to side. 
They talked to the concierge for a little while. He stated an amount that seemed to be more than fair.
“I have this,” Lexi told Io, leaving no room for discussion, when Io began to open her purse. 
Lexi transferred a sum of credits to the building’s owners and the event’s organizers to pay for the damages, the cleanup, replace the food, and a just as much, again, for the trouble. And then both of them transferred tidy little sums to the recipient organization of the charity.

*****

Lexi and Io met at the bar after a half-hour, as they had agreed. Both … aside from being early … had new, more comfortable outfits than the formal clothes they’d been wearing, compliments of the concierge. Both had showered. Lexi had, at one point during that time, to clean some egg salad… 
…or deviled egg. It was egg something or other.
…out of his ear.
During the evening, they bought each other a few drinks, which mostly sat untouched, while they talked about everything that they could think of. Lexi told her about the farm, and what he did.
“Ah! You’re that Landeez!”
Lexi wasn’t sure what that meant. So, he asked.
“To put it bluntly … you’re the son of the Greenman. …who is, for all practical intents and purposes, the greatest living agricultural magician on the face of this planet. And from what I hear, your mother has pretty much reorganized the way business is done almost across the entire continent. I’ve heard what your parents started out with, and what your family has made of it … it’s considered only a very tiny bit less than complete wizardry. Your family is generally held in total awe. …which … now … kinda makes me feels more than a little deficient.”
That puzzled Lexi. “Why would you ever feel deficient? I’m thinking the woman … the … incredibly … larger than life woman … who has the most amazing eye’s I’ve ever seen, I might add … who even had the intestinal fortitude to sit on my lap in the middle of that mess … couldn’t possibly have any valid reason to feel even the slightest bit deficient.”
“Well… I’m … from … a slightly lesser background. …more than slightly, actually. My family isn’t … magical.”
Io explained that she was the daughter of the head housekeepers of an estate on the southeast coast. 
Which makes it clear, now, why she said it that way. The families know each other by reputation, if not personally. I don’t know if Dad ever worked for him …whoever him is … but he certainly knows Dad. …which, ultimately, means that their entire estate knows Mom and Dad. …or, at least, knows of them. …as she said.
She was here with her parents. The estate owner had brought a large group here.
“But I’ve done pretty well,” she told Lexi. “I have a doctorate from Helix University.”
“A Doctorate! Helix! Tough school! What in?”
In fact, Helix was the most highly sought-after university on this coast. It was incredibly hard to get into. The entry test was brutal, and the waiting list was long. There was an advanced test that hopefuls could opt for. Passing that one put you at the head of the line. …but there were a lot of academic qualifications you had to meet, just to get on that list. Being reasonably sure he wouldn’t likely pass either one of Helix’s tests, Lexi had decided to try for a slightly less prestigious institution. From what he’d heard, though, the course load wasn’t any easier. …even if Central Tech wasn’t quite as highly regarded.
“Umm… about twenty seconds from now,” she added, “will be the time you’ll find something urgent that needs attending to. …regardless of what you say next.”
“This notwithstanding…” He narrowed his eyes. “What if I say nothing?” He raised an eyebrow.
“I’m working with high probability averages, here,” she matched him brow for brow. “Gimme a break.”
“Okay. So. What’s your Doctorate in?”
She sighed. “And, so… It begins,” she said doing a halfway decent impression of the character who said that line in a popular video. “Applied Mathematical Physics.”
He partially closed one eye, tilted his head and asked, “Is there a Standard translation to that?”
“You’re eighteen seconds overtime. How about…” she wrinkled her forehead, “Interstellar Ballistics?”
He raised both his eyebrows. “You’ve been off Meridian? I’ve never heard of anyone going into space! Ships come here, but still!”
“Technically … no. I haven’t. But I’ve flown theoretical starships.”
“That’s incredible!”
“Between stars.”
“Even better!”
“Without a navigational computer.”
“Without…” He couldn’t even begin to think what that might entail. Stars moved. Generally, the stars travelled in the same direction. But not exactly. And not necessarily at the same speed. The concept of navigating between them … without any help doing the math…
Io’s expression changed, and she looked down. “Yah. That’s how I got my Doctorate. Well… It’s been nice…” She started to turn.
“Um…” He quickly put his hand lightly on her wrist. Not a grab. …just to get her attention. “Just as a matter of point … I’m still sitting here.”
“Okay…” She sounded like she didn’t know what to do next.
“And I think you should apologize to me, this time.”
“What for?”
“Making assumptions. You know how to spell assume, don’t you?”
She looked up abruptly, searching his eyes, but didn’t say anything. Of course, she knew the answer was… 
When you assume, you make an ASS out of U M E.
“It may take a while before I make it up to you,” he added.
Io narrowed her eyes, almost like she wasn’t quite trusting what she might be thinking.
“Wait. But you said…”
Lexi raised both eyebrows and shook his head slightly, but quickly. “Waiting…” he said mock-expectantly.
She reached up and pulled him down for a kiss.
“…still apologizing…” he said when she started to let him go. 
…at which point she pulled him closer, quickly, and wrapped her arms around him tightly. 

*****

No one had ever lasted this long. On the other hand, she’d never actually met anyone under anywhere near the circumstances she did this time. She’d been absolutely mortified, seeing him sitting in the middle of all that food. She could have died right there on the spot. …and been completely fine with it. They could have just plowed the entire mess over her and left her there to decompose into the carpet.
But that wasn’t the way she was built. She always covered up what she was feeling with a joke. The best one she could come up with as quickly as she needed to find one was just sitting down in the middle of it with him, and then making it seem like it was all an act he’d put on to meet her.
It would work. …or it would fail. If it failed … well … failure in social situations was kinda the way her life went. Which was exactly why she’d taken up such an excruciatingly advanced form of math. She was good with numbers. …like … she was really good with numbers. Numbers had kept her company when no one else would. ….and they didn’t demand anything but the understanding of their mechanics. …which she could. …as opposed to most people. …which she couldn’t.
When he said that she was unusual, instead of chewing her butt ragged for her clumsiness, she thought he might be the unusual one. …a special one. …a very special one. She almost let herself hope for a chance.
Everyone has someone. Most people meet their general-someone. Some even meet their one-someone. She hadn’t yet. …either of those. She’d met a lot of guys. They weren’t her someone, at all. Maybe he was the right-someone she was looking for. 
It wouldn’t matter what he did, or who he was. If he was the one, it would be right there. …eventually. …if he stayed. To date, no one had lasted more than a few minutes after getting through what the doctorate degree was. As soon as she said her major, guys tended to run. Some of them weren’t all that subtle about it. Not many ever got past the starship part. But she still had to say it … and give them their chance to go. …which every one of them had … even if it was just never talking with her again after their first chat. And she could always tell that’s what they were going to do. But … this one … Lexi Landeez … the son of the Greenman … the son of Metri and Lyla Landeez … he wasn’t showing that. He wasn’t showing any of it at all!
She wasn’t a social butterfly. She didn’t even really like people all that much. Although … she hadn’t really been given much reason not to be disappointed. But Lexi … so far … everything … just seemed right. …even down to his sense of humor. …which she only rarely ever got a chance to see from anyone she ever talked to. 
It was almost … magical. 
The Greenman magic. …applied to something … not plants. 
The Landeez magic. …applied to something not business related. 
It was amazing! 
He was amazing! 
…and she didn’t want to let him go. 
…and it didn’t matter if it was magic or not.

*****

From that point on, one of them constantly had a hand on the other. If that hand moved, for whatever reason, then the other person reinitiated the contact, so the connection was never lost for more than a brief moment. …though, neither one of them even appeared to be consciously thinking about it.
They didn’t see the bartender turn and make a call. He spoke low, so as not to distract the two at the bar. When he turned back around, he did his best not to look like he might be listening. He busied himself at a leisurely pace with whatever he could find to do, making himself less obtrusive.
They talked about their respective childhoods, their dreams, their likes and dislikes, what they thought about just about everything under the sun. …which … much to their surprise … except for the specific jobs of their parents … and the subject of their own expertise … was nearly … parallel. …for lack of a better word. 
Though, to them, it seemed that they had spent only a few hours with each other, they hadn’t noticed that the bartender had changed three times. The concierges, who had also changed three times, had been kind enough to have four subsequent meals brought in for them, without asking what they wanted. …which didn’t seem to matter at all, because each time, they devoured everything that was on their plates.
When Lexi and Io finally decided that the rest of the universe … other than the part of it that they saw only in each other’s eyes … really might exist, it was an entire twenty-six hours after the “punch bowl apocalypse”. The conference center’s bar and kitchen had been kept open the entire time. All the attendees had gone home long ago, except for some of the staff, who spent most of their time just waiting off to the side. …tending to the two only when it should be time, and being as unnoticeable about it as they could possibly be.
“I think you need to apologize,” she said after he’d just finished a sentence. She’d been the last to apologize, a little while ago.
He thought quickly to see if he could figure out what he might have done. He came up blank.
“What’d I do?”
“You just asked what you did.” She shook her index finger no at him and little noises with her tongue against the roof of her mouth. “Shame on you. You should always know what you did. And you’d better make it a good one, too!”
He did. 
The bartender turned away from both them. …and the mirror that had been behind him. …until she stopped giving little squeak-moans.
“You know … I can call the front desk and see if there are two rooms available. …just in case you’re getting tired yet, and don’t feel you’re up to driving,” he offered when they finally released each other.
“Hmm… My group has probably left by now.”
“Actually … Miss Efrata … they left about twenty-three hours ago. They let the front desk know so someone could tell you.”
“Twent…”
“Yes, Miss,” he said with a degree of amusement.
Her jaw had dropped. She’d lost track of time as much as Lexi had. …even if all the changes in staff hadn’t.
Lexi put a finger under her chin and nudged her mouth closed.
Her jaw threatened to go slack again.
“Out of curiosity,” the bartender started. “Do you know how many meals you’ve had while you’ve been sitting here.”
“That’s easy!” Lexi said enthusiastically. “Two!”
“This one, that’s in front of you, is the fifth, sir.”
It was Io’s turn to nudge Lexi’s mouth closed.
“Uh… We should probably go,” Io suggested.
“Please understand I’m not rushing you. I’m only concerned that you might be more tired than you realize. Should I call for rides?” the bartender offered. “You can stay as long as you want, though. We’ve had someone here the entire time. And we’ll continue to do so.”
“No. But, thanks,” Lexi began. “I think I can take her home. …if you could call my…”
“We already have, sir,” the bartender said. “That was how we knew best to organize your menu. We asked when we let them know that you were being detained at the bar by Miss Efrata. …and your folks,” he looked at Io. “…that you were being detained by Mister Landeez. And we let them all know that the two of you appeared to be experiencing some sort of specifically localized temporary quantum time-zone displacement phenomenon.”
Io barked a laugh. She reached into her purse and put a very large tip in the jar on the bar. “Please share that with everyone who’s been putting up with us.”
“Of course, Miss.” The bartender smiled. 
“Along with the one who came up with that phrase.”
“Yes, Miss,” he said with a grin. “He did some weighty research before finding it.”
“And, that’s exactly how I would have said it! You can let him know his efforts were a complete success.”
“Of course, Miss.” He grinned.
“How much do we owe you for all the food and stuff?”
“It’s all been taken care of, sir. From what I understand, you paid for it all yesterday. All the recipients were just extremely grateful that neither of you were injured.”
“Thank you for putting up with us for so long,” Lexi said sheepishly, adding his own large tip to the jar, as well.
“It was my pleasure, sir.” The bartender gave a little bow. “The upside, I must say, is that we all, also, get to claim that we were part of this.” He shifted his finger pointing at the two of them alternately. “I’ll call both estates and let them know you’ll be escorting Miss Efrata home.”
“Thanks. I really appreciate it.”
As Lexi turned, he offered her his elbow. “Miss. Your carriage awaits.”
She slipped her hand under his arm, holding the inside of his elbow. “Well, thank you, kind sir.”
They continued talking all the way into Lexi’s air-rover.
“Where may I take you?” Lexi asked as they got in and settled.
Io had only said that she was from an estate on the southeast coast. She hadn’t said which.
“The Stratas’. It’s…”
Lexi looked at her abruptly. “I have it.” He nodded. “I had a lengthy chat with Amorissi last night. …or was it the night before. I don’t remember which. I can’t think clearly. It wasn’t as long as ours … or anywhere near the same topics … or anywhere near as delightful … not that it wasn’t productive…”
“You’re babbling,” she observed with a smile and a raised eyebrow. “You must be tired,” Io suggested.
“Actually…” Lexi said as he punched in the coordinates. “I think it’s more you.”
“I am not babbling!”
Lexi dropped his head resignedly. “…that wasn’t what I meant…”
“Be careful,” she warned him with twinkling eyes. “I’ll make you apologize again.”
Lexi punched in the grid coordinates to the Strata estate. Everyone on the planet knew where that place was. He switched to the autopilot. After preemptively apologizing to Io again … just in case, of course … they continued talking about everything for the next four hours. 
Although they were both tired, neither could even think about slowing down. When the autopilot alerted them that they’d be at the estate in five minutes, it seemed far too soon for both of them.
Lexi saw her to the door. Their mutual apologies were brief, although her front was still pressed tightly against his, throughout. 
“Would you mind if I came out in a few days?” Lexi asked.
“Yes. I would.” Io answered with a slight tone of petulance. “A few days is far too long. I’ll come to your place, instead. I want to meet your family. After all … if we’re going to be a couple…” 
“Io…” He paused he hadn’t actually been thinking in exactly those terms, yet. But now that it was out there… “I think there is nothing that I would enjoy more … or consider more of an honor … than to be the other half of the couple that included you.”
She looked at him with a lopsided smile. She was amazed that she still hadn’t managed to somehow drive him away. This was nothing less than a monumental event. Her eyes sparkled.
“Lexi…” She said his name in the very same tone that he’d said hers. “I think there is nothing that I would enjoy more … or consider more of an honor …” She very briefly considered reversing what he’d said to to have you be the other half of the couple that included me. …but only very briefly. She didn’t have to cover up a hurt with a joke this time. She didn’t have to be funny in an awkward or uncomfortable situation this time. While her mouth stopped smiling… her eyes didn’t, as she continued seriously, “…to be the other half of a couple that included you.”
And now … she was very deeply in completely uncharted territory. She wasn’t sure what she should do. 
She wanted to sing and dance! 
She wanted to run screaming! 
She wanted…
…him.
…for all time.
So, she reached up and pulled him down, so she could apologize to him at length. 
…which only ended because they heard the door start to open.
Lexi seemed to have decided that it could go on for as long as she wanted, since it was her apology. Whoever was opening the door had surely witnessed the end of it.

*****

“Mr. Landeez,” the man said as he came out with his hand forward.
“Daddy,” Io said as she bypassed the hand held out to Lexi and gave him a hug and smooch on the cheek.
“I’m Thomas Efrata,” he said to Lexi, once he was able.
“I’m just Lexi. Please.” He shook the man’s hand. “And I’m very pleased to meet you.”
“It’s my pleasure, I assure you. This is my wife. Larissa.”
A tiny lady came around from behind Thomas, and she held her hand out, as well. “I’m so glad to meet you, Lexi.”
“Pleased to meet you, Ma’am.”
“Has my daughter been accosting you?” Thomas asked.
“Uh… I … uh … if I said I objected … I’d be lying, sir,” Lexi said meekly.
“It was only a mild accosting, Daddy. And I’m pretty sure it was mutual.” She laughed and looked at Lexi for verification. …whose face was quite red, but he didn’t disagree.
“Hmm…” Thomas said, letting Lexi off the hook his daughter had set out for him. He knew her far too well to allow her put the Greenman’s son into a no-win verbal contest like that. 
Which I’m sure she learned from her mother, because she did exactly the same thing to me, all those years ago. 
“Considering the circumstances of how you two met…” Thomas didn’t finish the sentence.
“Oh … you … uh … heard … about that…” Lexi face started to turn red again.
“Lexi, honey…” Larissa began, moving close to him and lacing her arm under his elbow. “I really don’t mean to cause you any more embarrassment … but … I’d be very surprised if the entire planet hasn’t, by now,” she added as she squeezed his arm a little. The set of her mouth showed that she was far more amused than anything else. …and trying very hard to keep the showing of it limited, strictly, to her eyes and mouth.
“Well… You always said I shouldn’t let food go to waste,” Io jumped in. “Since it was all over his top, I just figured all over my bottom would put it to just as good use. If I’d eaten any of it, it probably would have gone pretty much there, anyway. So, I figured on the outside, as opposed to the inside, would be strategically optimal.”
“Indeed. So. Lexi. You’ve met my daughter in all of her…” the set of his eyes changed to mischievous amusement to stress the next words, “strategically optimal glory,” he said with a very brief glance at Io and a raised eyebrow. “Would you care to stay for dinner? …and have it on the inside, as opposed to the outside, this time.”
Lexi couldn’t help but chuckled at the phrasing. “Thank you, sir.”
“Thomas. Please,” he corrected Lexi.
“Thank you, Thomas. But I really should get home. Seems we’ve been awake far longer than we thought. And I would hate to embarrass everyone by falling, unconscious, into my plate. I expect the rover will have to hover for a while, once I get there, because I probably won’t hear the alert.”
“I can imagine. Very well, then. Should I call and let them know you’re on your way?”
“The Center let them know I’d be here. They’ll expect me to be late. Thank you, though. Very nice to meet you, Thomas. Ma’am.”
Thomas shook his hand, again, warmly. But Larissa gave him a big hug. Lexi bent down so she could reach around his neck more easily.
“Mommy. Daddy. I’ll be right there.”
“Oh! Yes! Of course! Come, dear.” Larissa took Thomas’s arm and briskly pulled him back inside, closing the door behind them.
Io grinned at Lexi. She nodded noncommittally. “My parents…”
“Are good people,” he finished for her. “They’re watching out for you. Although… I have the very sneaking suspicion that your mom, at the very least, is going to be doing some serious aiding and abetting.”
“You know them already!” Io laughed.
She reached up and kissed Lexi again. “Go. Get out of here. You look like you’re about to drop. I’ll come over after I sleep the bags out from under my eyes.”
“I’m sure you’ll be stunning.” He shrugged his shoulders. “You look like an angel now. All you’re missing is the wings. I can’t even imagine what you’ll be like then. Our flowers will likely curl up and die from the shame you’ll put them to.”
Io’s eyes got big. She made a small squeak and kissed him again. Then she turned and quickly went into the house.

*****

As he’d expected, Lexi slept all the way home. …and they’d had to remote-land the rover. 
Lyla got in and moved the rover into the barn, out of the weather they were likely going to have, leaving him in it and opening the windows a little. She turned one of the smaller lights on in the barn, but left the foyer lights on at the house. If he woke during the night, he’d see both the foyer and the weather. He’d know where he was, at least. He didn’t stir when she kissed him. She’d sighed and smiled all the way to the house. To see her, by the size grin she wore, one would have thought she’d just accomplished some sort of major coup. 

*****

After about the fourth time Metri had called Lexi’s name to repeat a question he had asked a few times already, Lexi was shocked out his reverie by a sharp series of light knocks on the top of his head. His father bent down and stared solemnly into his son’s eyes.
“Anybody home in there?”
“Sorry, Dad. It’s just…”
Metri went and sat at his place at the table again, waiting patiently. “It’s just…?”
“Well, Dad, I met the most wonderfully interesting woman the other night. I’ve never known anyone like her. She’s like … a breath of fresh air. No! That’s not it! She’s like walking through the gardens when everything’s blooming … all at the same time! …the colors … the smells…”
“A little overwhelming…?” Metri added for him.
“Yah.” Then he added quickly, “No!” and looked at his father with a laugh. “That wasn’t really where I was going.”
His mother was in silent hysterics. 
…which let him know that his father’s mistaken guess had been intentionally stated. …and now that he thought about it, that guess wasn’t really all that mistaken, either.
“You wouldn’t believe what happened.” 
“We only got the briefest of details,” Metri said. 
Lyla’s very amused and sparkling eyes, however, suggested they’d gotten well more than just that. Io’s Mom had told him that the entire planet probably knew. Thinking that his parents might not … would be an error.
At this point Lexi’s words rushed forth from his mouth as if he couldn’t stop them.
“I tripped over her. She’s little. Her mother is even tinier! She almost got trampled Io, not her mother, and I tried not to hurt her when I stumbled into her then I fell down onto the table and all of the food went all over the place mostly all over me and she sat in my lap on the floor and God it was such a mess and she sat down right in the middle of it all and she kissed me and then we talked all night and God knows WHAT her parents think and they’re the housekeepers of…”
“The Stratas,” Metri finished for him, nodding. “Io Efrata. Yes. A very singular personality. I know them. …and her. Them, since well before you both were young. A very nice girl. Highly intelligent. I’m glad you two have finally met. I thought you might. …although, the manner wasn’t exactly what we’d intended or expected.”
“You intended…” Lexi wasn’t processing what his father had said.
Metri nodded once, but looked like he was considering the plate in front of him.
“Wait. ‘Scuze me? Care to let me in on this?” Lexi focused his full attention on his father now.
“Well, Lexi … it’s kinda like this... You know how I can work the ground and make a seed grow where nothing will…”
“Absolutely. And that kinda goes without saying. Anytime I’m out and someone finds out I’m a Landeez, they always mention the Greenman. Io did that, too.”
“And you know how Mama is a complete wizard at anything and everything she takes on…” Metri continued hesitantly. …almost … but not quite ignoring what Lexi has said.
…which made Lexi wonder what his dad was trying to say that he might be having a hard time with.
“Another reason why this family has the reputation that it does. As you say, wizard is about the only way to describe either of you. That was another thing Io said. …that what the two of you are capable of is generally … if not globally … considered not much short of magical.”
“Well… we haven’t figured out why we can do the things we do. …achieve all the successes that we do. Seems everything would want to even out somewhere. Even if what we’re doing goes against all logic and common knowledge … we just happen to do it right. …whether common knowledge is actually right or not, is another thing altogether. The only explanation we have is what Old Lexi, the Greenman … my teacher … once said. They’re gifts from God. And we have no reason to doubt that point.”
“Yessir. Sometimes I have a hard time with that. But I’ve learned that if what I know goes against what you’ve said … then I prollyotta wait and see what it is I got wrong and if I can figure out a reasonable explanation as to why you got it right. Sometimes that only reasonable explanation is that you’re the ones who said or did it. …which isn’t so reasonable, but there just isn’t a better reason. …which is probably what everyone else has found and why you’re practically considered wizards.”
Metri nodded, accepting that. “Well… your Mama and I … we … just … kinda go with our guts. We just know something is going to work, because it makes sense to us. I’d say numbers have something to do with it … and they do … but we never studied numbers. If it looks right … and the numbers fit … we do it. And with everything that we know … it ends out working the way it’s supposed to. It doesn’t happen just because that’s the way we want it to. It’s kinda like we got a handful of this and a handful of that and we think … okay … if we put this stuff together, then this is gonna happen. If that’s not what we want to happen, then we change the stuff in the one hand, or the other … or both … until we know we got it right. We trust our instincts, even when they confuse us. We have faith, and we do it. And we figure out the why afterwards. …if we can.” Metri paused.
“Okay…” Lexi prompted. When his father hesitated a little longer, he continued. “You know … if I were anyone else, I’d think you might be getting senile. But the fact is, Dad … I tend to do that, too. Your area is growing things. Mom’s is getting stuff done. …everything that needs doing. Mine is machines. I went to school to learn. But they didn’t teach me how to come up with some of the stuff I have. I see the linkages, and when something’s not working right, I know what needs to be done to either fix it or make it work better. So … yah. I get exactly what you’re saying. What I’m having a hard time figuring out, though … is why you’re saying it.”
“Well… Your Mama and I…” Metri said slowly. “Fact is… We had … you … in the one hand. We had that charity function the other night in the other hand.”
“Okay…”
“Well… Strata … was going to be there. He always takes all the most important people in his house to those things. Io started going when she was young. Those kinds of things are where we met her. And … your Mama and I … we’re not old yet. …but that time is getting closer every day.”
Lexi sat staring at his father. His mind raced. Could the combination of his mom and dad … conceivably … if not necessarily rationally … set something like this in motion…? 
Mom never fails. Dad grows things. The two of them together … with a single objective of … growing … the family…? 
Lexi’s mind raced. Was it … possible … was there even a small chance … in the frame of this reality … that they could even begin…
Metri took a deep breath and said, “Go call her, son.” He nodded toward the kitchen door. “You … need a little time. The both of you need a little time. Take however much you need.”
Lexi reached up and put his hand on his father’s arm. “I think you’re right, Dad. From this side of it … I can recognize the chain of events. …and I don’t think it could have happened any differently, once it started to roll. …once the two of you,” Lexi shook his head in wonderment, “started it moving. She’s in my head. …and she’s not looking like she’s ready to leave there, any time soon.” Lexi got up to go to his office. “You guys … are … just plain … incredible.”
Lyla moved her chair closer to Metri, looped her hand inside his arm, and leaned on him. Her smile was wide. …it made her eyes sparkle dazzlingly.
Lexi shook his head in wonder again.

*****

Less than fifteen hours had gone by since they’d left the bar. Lexi walked back to his office, sat down at his desk. While the things he worked with needed to be seen at a slight distance, he wanted to be closer to her when she connected. So, he pulled his main screen around. 
He buzzed her private comm. She’d made sure he had it sometime while they were talking. She had his, as well. It didn’t connect on the first try.
Maybe she’s still sleeping. We did spend an awful lot of time talking. And I got to sleep coming home. She might not have been able to get as much as I did, as soon as I did, since she was probably up with her parents for a while. She had people and probably responsibilities. I just had the inside of the rover, all to myself.
He shut the comm down and decided to sit and try to get something productive done. He’d try her again in a little while. He still had to do the estimates for getting the expansion for Strata up and running. And there were things that needed to happen even before that. 
He pulled up those files.
…and he quickly discovered that all the words and numbers were completely overlaid by … those wonderful eyes of hers. …and the expression on her face when she made that squeaking noise. …which … every time she made it … was immediately followed with her lips pressed tightly against his.
With that memory, his fingers went to his mouth. He felt the set of her face against his. …just how she pushed against him with all of her. …the firm set of her mouth… …her wiry arms… She was tiny. Smaller than his mother. Her hands were always in mo…
“I’ve got to get something done.” 
He shook his head to clear it and tried to concentrate. 
…it wasn’t working.
A knock came on his office doorway.
Lexi took a quick breath to try and bring himself out of the memory of her eyes and back to the here and now.
“Excuse me, sir.”
“I really hate it when you call me that,” Lexi said without being harsh. Sir was other people. He felt like he hadn’t actually earned Sir yet. He hated when people called him Mr. Landeez, too. Mr. Landeez was his Dad. …except most people just called his Dad the Greenman.
“Nevertheless, sir. You have a call. She said that you’re expecting her.”
Lexi moved so quickly, he sent his datapad skittering across his desk, knocking over everything in its path. It landed well beyond the edge of the desk.
Staff always answered the incoming calls. He put the call straight to his monitor. “Io!” he said, near breathless when he saw her.
The angle of her monitor let him see the edge of the desk she was sitting at. There were a few small glass flowers that resembled some of the Landeez orchids to the side. Her hair was wet. She must have just gotten out of the ‘fresher. 
He locked his eyes onto hers, she’d see that on her end. 
The expression on her face was a mixture of things. …amusement being only one. 
“You’re inside my head.” Their words rang together, in nearly one voice.
“I … am … deeply … in love with you,” Lexi added after a quick breath.
“I know,” was Io’s reply. “And I, you. I don’t know how we found each other. We’re from opposite sides of the planet. The chances were…”
“Actually … I do. …as a matter of fact. I just had a conversation with my Mom and Dad about that exact thing. It might take a while to explain.”
“I’m coming over … now,” she said. “You can tell me when I get there. …after I make you apologize for calling while I was still in the shower.”
“…which I will more than gladly do. …but … you probably ought not to come just yet,” he said slowly.
“Why?” She looked confused.
“You may want to get dressed first.”
“What?” 
His eyes were still locked on hers.
Io looked down.
Lexi heard a small and quick high noise. One hand flew cover her front. The other went straight for the monitor, as he involuntarily jumped from the hand coming at him so quickly. 
The view on his monitor abruptly showed him only the ceiling of her room.
Probably a real good thing they always answer the incoming calls with voice only.

*****

Lexi and Io were nearly inseparable for the next six months. …it took that long to plan the wedding and have everything in place at the right time. 
Since the Strata estate was the far larger of the two … and at Amorissi’s insistence … the wedding was to be held there. Metri agreed, since it made far more sense to transport his own relatively fewer people there, rather than try to move everyone from there anywhere. 
His offer to bring gimcha, though, was accepted immediately. When asked, Thomas Efrata suggested that two would be plenty for the entire celebration. Gimcha, while quite numerous, were only found on the northwest coast and considered a very rare delicacy everywhere else. They weren’t normally shipped across the continent only because, if caught at all, were normally eaten without being given much thought to sharing with those on the other side of the continent. People from out there normally, if at all, only had gimcha when visiting someone over here.
Two might be plenty. Metri planned on bringing five, anyway. The best way to cook them was over open pits on spits. More than likely, the two would be roasted, both at the same time. 
And, okay for left overs. We have those a lot. But if this goes the way I think it’s going to, two might not last up to a whole week. Having three more in their freezers, will cover a number of special occasions out there. …whether we’re there or not. …if they even last as long as that. 
For the entire span of two weeks, the Landeez family … all three of them … would be guests at the Strata estate. While the Landeez employees had been invited for the same length of time, most felt that three days would be more than enough for the Stratas to be burdened with them. Metri hired outside help to cover the few processes of the farm that wouldn’t tolerate a lapse of care for any length of time. 
Io’s parents, inevitably, along with Amorissi and his wife, took great care to coordinate everything through Lyla. …particularly the cooking of the gimcha. Knowledge of Lyla’s capabilities, if Io had been accurate about that, were just as well-known, by now, as the Greenman’s.

*****

Eventually, Metri and Lyla handed control of the Landeez estate to Lexi and Io, who consulted with his parents often. The Landeez farm continued to grow and prosper, and eventually became known as the Efrata-Landeez Estate. …the naming being only in that order because that would be their children’s’ last name. 
Lexi bought more and more of the land along the coast. What wasn’t useful … and most of it was very much like what Metri had started with … would become so, as needed, using his father’s techniques and knowledge. They’d also started shipping gimcha to the east coast. The additional land included even more of the gimcha caves.
Io quickly discovered that there was a recognizable and quantifiable mathematical harmony to be found in managing the Landeez estate. She found, far more often than not, that Lyla approved of her decisions with very few suggestions. When Io and Lyla discussed those decisions … while they just made sense to Lyla, Io was able to show her why they made sense in terms of math processes. …which Lyla was very quick to pick up on and agree with. 
The affection the two women shared for each other was obvious. 
Eventually, Lexi and Io had five sons and three daughters. Most of the sons grew up to be involved in the perpetual development and routine of the farm, building their own houses a short distance away from the main house. One of the daughters, Liatris, married and brought her husband into the Efrata-Landeez estate. Calliandra moved out to share in her husband’s dreams.
The youngest of the eight, and probably the least expected since he was ten years younger than his next older sibling, Laelia, was named Castor.

***** 

Chapter 3 

“Hey Castor! You out in space somewhere? Planet Meridian, calling Castor. Please respond.” Durga waved his hands in front of Castor’s face to get his attention.
God. Durga can really be a butt-nugget sometimes.
Castor was bored with everything right now. He really just wanted to get back into his R-18 and go blast around the gimcha caves. That was always unpredictable. He hadn’t hit a gimcha, yet, but there was always a first time. Gimcha were big. Hitting one would mean a whole lot more damage than just having to walk out of the caves. …if he even lived to the point that he might. 
“It stinks in here,” he said to no one in particular. “I’m gonna fly.” 
With that he stood and left the Far & Away Cantina. Castor hopped into his cycle and took off. Both Durga and Erich hopped into their R-18s, too, each taking two passengers, and followed him up. No one ever got into Castor’s, uninvited. …and he never invited anyone. The rest of the group were left at the FAC.
Castor jammed the accelerator forward and pulled away, leaving the two R-18s and their passengers behind.
Durga and Erich pushed their air-cycles to the limits, trying to keep up. They tried a few times to get Castor on their commlinks, without success. But, in the end, between the two of them, they figured out that Castor was headed for the caves. That meant that they would either be racing through them and/ or practicing marksmanship, shooting gimcha. …if not inside the caves, where they wouldn’t be seen, then at the far end, at the coast. Getting through the caves, however, would definitely be a race, tracking down through the winding narrows. Some places weren’t high or wide enough for two cycles in close proximity. That was where chances were taken to gain some time on the others. Most often Castor was the first one out of the caves at the far end, as he normally took advantage of chances that neither of the other two would.
As they dove down into the caves to start their run, Castor slowed just a touch. 
Sometimes I let them win, because, that way, they’ll stay interested enough to think they can. But neither one of them can fly like I can. …even if they weren’t carrying anyone else. 
They’re such idiots. Do the math. Three people in each of theirs. One in mine. Who’s capable of more speed? Who’s going to be maneuvering better? Who built the damn things to begin with! …they’re so stupid…
He chuckled and pushed the accelerator up again. The three air-cycles zipped into and through the curves. …at times their wingtips were almost touching. 
Durga’s eyes grew wide inside his helmet at the speed they were flying. …sometimes, only narrowly missing airborne gimcha. …and, sometimes, only narrowly missing each other when they did miss one of the creatures.
Erich was breathing shallow, his upper lip covered in sweat. He’d get pounded on the back, by one of his two passengers, every time he made a maneuver that they thought would assure them the win. 
It was always such a rush when they finally broke out of the caves at the other end, blasting out over the ocean. They had to be even more careful they didn’t hit anything on that end. There were always gimcha circling and feeding or flying into or out of the cave.
Durga squeezed into a spot between Castor and the cave wall, skimming the floor, so even Castor was a little impressed. Rounding one of the sharper curves, Durga’s wing threw a mass of sparks as it raked along the rocks. He pulled out from the wall just a little bit, and bumped Castor’s wing. 
Still rounding the curve … on the outside … Castor suddenly pulled out much farther and faster than the bump Durga had given him might have caused. He slammed the throttle down. 
Castor astonished himself at the thought that he might be bailing out, but he continued the tight downward loop he’d started. 
Erich zipped over Castor’s top, jumping into the place just vacated. 
Both Erich and Durga had put on an extra burst of speed when Castor started to turn. 
The roof of the cave had fallen in. 
Castor caught the double glare of exploding air-cycle power packs through his peripheral vision.
“Assholes!” The word spat from his mouth, as he quickly turned his head, and his cycle to watch the remainder of the fireball rise and dissipate into the cave ceiling as it reflected off the opposite window. 
Burning gimcha fell like meteors. 
“Stupid assholes!” Castor swore a steady string for the next few minutes as the flames died.
There was usually a low ceiling there. Whatever had happened had brought the ceiling down. Now the bottom was closed but the top was open. Castor had been in a position to see the difference very briefly. Neither Durga, nor Erich could have done anything else, at the speed they were going … and with the added weight of the passengers … to miss the fallen debris. 
He turned his cycle for home and pounded his fists against the console mounting brackets in a rage as he sped back to the opening, where they’d entered the caves. 

*****

It took him only a few minutes at top speed, and he landed the cycle with a jolt, ripping up a long swath of the lawn. 
Castor practically fell out of the cycle, finding his knees unable to keep him standing. Then to make matters even worse … he puked. Right in front of the gardening staff and a number of the servants, all of whom had heard the commotion of his landing and rushed out to see what had happened. He puked so hard he couldn’t breathe, and all he could do was roll in the pool of his own bile as his stomach wrenched his entire body in continuous spasms.
Lexi came running out, shouting orders for notifying the Emergency Medical Staff which always had someone on watch.
Io rushed out of the manor, as well. “Get Mama,” she called to the nearest person. 
She ran to Castor’s side and knelt with her husband in the middle of the mess. Castor’s face was ashen colored, and his skin seemed to be a lower temperature than it should have been. 
“Honey, can you hear me?” she asked softly as she turned Castor’s face toward her. 
His eyes were dilated. He jerked as his stomach cramped again. Nothing but a bit of saliva came out and ran down his neck.
“Honey. Tell me what happened?”
Castor coughed, and wretched again. He cramped so hard, he had to have strained muscles in both his front and back. His eyes were squeezed shut the entire time. His arms were pressed tightly to his middle, with his knees up toward him. He looked like the cramping was excruciatingly painful. He gasped to catch his breath after each one.
The Med Techs had arrived but didn’t intrude yet. The situation seemed, and they expected it might be knowing Castor, more likely a bad reaction to a controlled substance, as opposed to an immediate matter of life or death.
Another person came up behind Lexi and knelt in the stinking muck. 
It was Mama. 
Mama still moved with the grace of her youth, but her skin was dark from the sun, and her wrinkles betrayed her advanced years. 
She paid no mind to the mess as she got down to where she could hold Castor, taking him from her own son.
She frowned. She seemed to be concentrating to the point where nothing else existed in the world except for her youngest grandson. 
She laid one hand on Castor’s forehead, and one on his chest. She felt his pulse on the side of his neck.
Shock, she mouthed calmly. She took out her datapad and typed quickly. 
Bring his feet up. 
Lexi sat on the ground and put Castor’s legs over his own until the MedTechs had one of their stands ready and placed, bringing Castor’s feet up a little higher.
Mama held Castor’s limp form tightly to her chest. She rocked him gently, the same as she had when he was a baby to stop him from crying.
After a short while, Castor’s color and temperature seemed to start getting back to normal. His eyes regained their focus as Mama kept rocking him. 
She looked into his face, and her frown went away, to be replaced with a look of worry. 
Lexi needed to know whatever it was that she knew.
She tilted Castor toward her, so he’d see. She raised one hand and put up three outside fingers. She closed that hand and put up her thumb, index and middle finger. She closed her hand again.
Two sets of three. 
He watched her as she tapped her heart, closed her hand and abruptly opened it again with her fingers splayed. … palm down.
Castor nodded. “They’re dead, Mama. They’re all dead.”
Mama tilted her head. A tear ran down her cheek. She opened her hand again slowly. She touched his lip and then made a slow come here motion. 
Tell me, she meant.
“We had the cycles in the gimcha caves. We race through there a lot.”
“You…” Lexi started. 
He was quickly interrupted by Mama’s finger, pointing at him. She never took her attention from Castor. 
She motioned come here to Castor again.
Lexi made a pained face and held up his hands in defeat but didn’t say anything. Not even Io’s authority would overrule Mama’s. As opposed to objecting to that fact, Io felt very much the same. Mama was the absolute top authority on everything.
Mama made her gentle come here motion to Castor again and held up one finger.
“Durga.” 
Without waiting, Mama repeated the motions. …one finger and come. 
“Erich.” Castor said. “Four more. I don’t know who. The rest … stayed … Far and Away. The top of the cave was down…”
Mama put a finger on his mouth, and he stopped. She noticed, without looking, that Lexi left. He’d have enough information to let the parents know. And that would be where he was headed.
Mama held Castor close again. He tried to speak a few times. She hushed him. They had all the information they needed right now. 
Parents needed to be notified.
Castor had told her the names he knew.
Everything else would be discovered in its own time.
She held him close and rocked him.
He tried not to cry. 
It didn’t work. 
Mama held him tighter to hide what he couldn’t.
She couldn’t hum notes, but she could whistle softly. She whistled a tune at a volume he’d be likely to hear. It was one of the ones she whistled to him when he was very young. When she did that tune, it almost sounded like a bird was warbling the notes. She’d always gotten the children’s’ full attention when she’d done that song. It was only a little one that she’d made up. But each one of them had calmed when they heard it.
In a few minutes, he was sleeping. 
Mama looked around her. She pointed at a few of the MedTechs. …the ones who had the gravcart. She pointed at Castor, the cart, and then in the general direction of one of the upper windows of the house. 
“Yes, Ma’am,” one of them said.
While she had their attention, and before she let them take Castor, she plucked at his jacket, made an away motion, and then a motion like she was scrubbing his arm. Then she put her hand up to the side of her face and tilted her head into it. 
“Give him a bath and put him to bed. Yes, Ma’am. We’ll see to it.”
As they reached for Castor, she put a hand on the closest arm. She had his attention. Her arm came up to her own chest, and she moved her shoulders slightly. …like she was rocking a baby.
“Gently. Yes, Ma’am. As you wish.”
She patted the MedTech’s arm. 
They put him on the gravcart.
After he was loaded onto the cart, she took her datapad. After she wiped the mess off it onto one of the few clean spots on her dress, she punched in a short note and held it out to Io. 
Io read it out loud. “He will sleep for the next few hours without waking. They will be able to put him to bed. He just needs rest. He will get it. We have to retrieve the bodies, if they can be. We will pay all the expenses, including the funerals. Mama,” Io continued after a short pause. “Doesn’t that admit culpability? Will this get the farm in legal trouble?” She handed the datapad to her mother-in-law.
Mama handed the pad back to Io after a few moments.
Yes. Maybe. I don’t care. It’s the right thing to do.
Io nodded. This was the first time Mama had put her foot down and disallowed any discussion. Io didn’t say anything further on the matter. She held out her hands to help Mama up. “Yes, Ma’am. Come on. Your legs must be asleep by now. Let me help you up.”
When Mama was standing, she pulled Io a little closer. She gave her a little pat and smooch on her cheek.
“I love you, too, Mama,” Io said, smiling. 
Mama smiled and let Io help her hobble back to the house. While she normally could still move well, her legs had, at least partially, gone to sleep.
Mama always seemed a little weaker for a while when things like this happened. …not that they happened often. Unless it was more than she could handle, Mama was always in the middle of the MedTechs, often taking care of whatever it was without the need for a lot of their intervention. 
But there were things that she couldn’t fix…
…like when Papa Metri was dying. She was so lost. It took her a long time to recover from that. And when Laelia died. She took that so hard. Everyone took that one badly. But, even still … Mama was our strength. …the strength for all of us. Mama’s always given everything she is to everyone. So. Yah. No. If anyone is ever going to disagree with her … it isn’t going to be me.
“After I get you back inside, I’ll get a team together and see if we can find the crash site,” Io volunteered. To one of the hands still there, she said, “Get everyone together we can spare. Full emergency gear. Radiation suits. Breathers. Extinguishers. Get the authorities involved from town. They’ll have a better idea of what we need. Rent whatever you need to. Get it here asap. We may not be able to get in there with anything much bigger than an air-cycle. We want to be suited up before we get into them. Have Castor’s checked for radiation. If possible, I want to be there before anyone else is. Let me know when you’ve got it together.”
“Yes, Ma’am,” the hand said and rushed off.

*****

Castor was bathed and put into bed. All the shades were drawn so the light wouldn’t disturb him. Everything he’d been wearing was bagged to be cleaned.
After letting Lexi know what she had in process, Io sent him to collect the parents. He’d already gotten in touch with a few of Castor’s group. The ones left were able to give him names and contacts. …after they’d gotten over the shock of the news.
Io and her team were at the caves before the authorities. They had most of the equipment already. A few of the farm’s gravtrucks hauled what they had in. It was easy to find the most direct access because of the smoke. …and the gimcha circling well above that one new entrance.
They suited up and put on their breathers. The air-cycles weren’t made for flying with breathers, so only the smaller folk could actually fit in the cockpits. Some of those were real tight. They packed what they could onto a half-dozen cycles. Io lead the team in. With all the lights they had on at full, they were able to make their way slowly through the smoke in the cave. 
There were no survivors. If they had even somehow managed to live through the crash, the subsequent fire finished the process. There had to have been hundreds of charred gimcha bodies covering just the small area she could see.
“We’re going to have to stop gimcha harvesting until we find out how their numbers are.”
“The way they lay eggs … I can’t imagine we wouldn’t be able to start again right after the rains. Less gimcha, more fish. More fish, more eggs. It’s like they’re completely locked into a balanced equation and know how many of them they are.” Lonas, the oldest of the Efrata-Landeez boys responded. He was the one who’d taken on the lead role in studying the gimcha, their behaviors, and their breeding, so they could be harvested without endangering the species.
But if there were this many that were killed, it was inconceivable that the gimcha population wouldn’t suffer, somehow. Although, according to all the information Lonas had brought back, after years of research … he’d been younger than Castor is now, when he took that task upon himself … they did seem to have a specific number they kept up. Lonas had written his doctorate thesis on the gimcha. 
It’s possible that their reproductive systems are closely geared with their food intake. We should study that. If we could contain a few of them, we could have fish shipped in to feed them, and then harvest the eggs, too. Keep bringing in the same amount of fish, and they’ll keep trying to raise their numbers. They’d easily replace the ones we processed. 
Would they be more succulent if they were contained? Or if left to range?
Why is it that we’ve been on this planet for more than a couple thousand years, and no one has ever really done an in-depth study on them, except for him? 
They started by getting the powerpack pieces put in shielded containers and out of the way. The rescue unit met them as Io and her team were on their way out with the first batch of those. 
After a short conference, the rescue authorities were aware that they’d have to use the farm’s cycles to get to where they’d need to go. Io would guide them in, since she’d already been there, and knew the path. She let them know that the Landeez estate would bear all the expenses, including the funerals.
“But I’d rather you didn’t advertise that to anyone who doesn’t need to know, just yet. While I don’t mind taking financial responsibility for this, I’d rather it didn’t get any messier than it has to be.”
“Understood, Ma’am. State has to be involved. They’ll have to know. But we’ll keep it under our hats as much as we can.”
“Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.”
All the cycles they were using would have to be scrapped when they were done. There was no amount of radiation bath that would clean them entirely, and still leave the cycle functional. As it was, they were going to have to keep an eye on them to make sure they kept working through the time they’d need them to.
When all the power packs were finally clear, and not a danger anymore, it didn’t make anything easier. …but at least they wouldn’t have to deal with that on top of everything else. 
Io went to wait away from the entrance. She was going to take off her radiation suit. …which meant she had to get out of it quickly, leave it in the pile with the rest of them, and then move well out of the way.
She turned it inside out as she peeled it off.
Air-cars started showing up.
Parents.
There wasn’t much that could be done to help them through this.
Io explained what was happening to everyone as they arrived. She was emotionally ready to take whatever they threw at her. She already knew it wasn’t going to be pleasant. She didn’t offer anything, yet. There would probably be at least one lawsuit. 
Our land. Our son came home alive. Theirs didn’t. 
She’d make her concessions, if anyone started in now. If no one did … then she’d try to work everything out privately with just the authorities and the funeral directors.
There were tears.
Not from all the parents, though. Some were strangely quiet.
No one was hostile.
…yet. 
Her mind ran through a number of problems and the resulting scenarios. Six teens. All dead. All from doing stuff that shouldn’t have been done to begin with. 
If each one of them sues us … compensation … loss of life … negligence … endangerment … and then possible suits of species endangerment from the groups who tend to think that animals are more valuable than humans. Still the lawsuits could compound on each other…
Castor … what have you done?
No. 
The thought struck her with a definite finality.
Strike that! 
It wasn’t him. 
It was me.
What have I done? 
This is my fault. Ultimately … this is my fault. I should have been paying more attention to him. …making sure I taught him the right values. My fault. …except … now … it has to be the entire family … and the dead kids’ families … who have to deal with the consequences … of my mistakes. 
How close have I come to ruining us all? 
…and what, if anything, can I do to fix it from here?
Forget about the farm. The farm is a thing. Things aren’t …ultimately … important. People are. Family is. …which I should have had in mind, right from the beginning. This … really is … all … my fault.
Okay. 
So. …Miss Brilliance… How do we fix this? How do I fix this? Should I ask Mama? Castor isn’t her problem, and he’s not her responsibility. He’s mine. She did her time parenting. And she was right in the middle of helping me with mine. 
Reasonably … I shouldn’t drag her into the middle of this, now. She’s let us … she’s let me … make my own mistakes. Probably so that I’d learn from them. 
So … I’ve learned what? 
I’m a failure at parenting? 
No. All the rest …the rest who are left … are doing fine. I’m … just a failure at parenting Castor. He needed far more than what I gave him. What do I do about him? 
The only valid answer I really have … whether I want to or not … is to go straight to the only one who doesn’t ever fail. She can help me see what needs to be done. If Castor can be straightened out … Mama will know how. Whatever she decides, I have to be all the way on board with it. …no matter what it is. But she’ll know. And the only one who can make it better … or make it fail … from there … is me.
Investigators came. They’d been to the house and seen Castor’s cycle. Mama had given them what she’d learned. The smoke made the caves easy to find. …even from the house. 
The investigators suited up and prepared to go in. The rescue unit took them in. It took a while for them to come out again. But they did. 
A lot of the smoke was clearing. The wind was blowing inland, so the mouth at the far end funneled the smoke in and through, and then blew it out the new cave entrance over the crash site. Some made it as far as this end. They were able to see the walls better. …and where the cave had collapsed. That section, being newly freed, wasn’t being populated with gimcha yet. …which tended to claim one particular spot, and perch only there. That was another thing Lonas found out. He’d tagged and mapped many of them. 
…which could suggest that the number of available perching spots is what determines the population. And if that’s true, then a whole lot of perches just became available. …as long as the radiation doesn’t affect anything. But even that will dissipate, after a while. The rains will be able to get straight into and at the most affected spot. We’ll have to keep track of the ground water.
It took most of the day, but the authorities declared the whole thing an avoidable but very seriously unfortunate accident. The evidence they found supported Lyla’s telling of what she knew. They were racing through the caves. The two crashed cycles had been in line with what they’d expected the open path had been, and tight against the inside of the curve. At the speed they were likely going, they wouldn’t have seen the blockage until it was too late. Because of the lesser amount or absence of blast debris and soot in one spot inside the cave, along with the debris impact marks they’d found on Castor’s cycle, they could reasonably tell where it had been at the time.
What was left of the bodies would be sealed in containers and brought out. There wasn’t much left to identify. But by process of elimination, they knew the four boys and two girls who’d been involved. 
All the debris would be hauled away and disposed of. There wasn’t much they could do about the radiation in that section. Because the Efrata-Landeez were the primary shippers of gimcha, everything harvested would have to include a very detailed radiation check, with an extremely low tolerance level.
And now we find the definite advantage to Lexi buying up more of the coastline. We’ll have to leave these until the radiation is gone. We still have a very large section to get them from. It’ll cost a little more to bring them in, but not a significant amount. …which could make raising them more attractive. Note to me: Talk to Lonas about this.
After the investigators finished their conference with the parents, everyone was mostly agreed that no fault could be pinned on anyone. The three cycle drivers were racing inside a cave. The two that crashed had passengers. It was both dangerous and stupid in the extreme to begin with. Any one of them could have chosen the smarter option at any time. The passengers could have chosen to remain at the cantina. 
Durga and Erich … while they weren’t exactly complete reprobates, and normally stayed clear of most criminal acts … weren’t exactly controllable, either. Everyone knew that, eventually, something would likely happen. It was just a matter of when. …and how much damage there would be. …and if anyone else was going to get killed in the process.
And now they knew. 
Everyone collected what they could … which wasn’t much more than just information … and started to go home.
“I thought I should tell you…” Io began when the parents started to leave, “We’re going to cover all the expenses for the funerals. This…” 
Her breath caught. A number of the parents were probably feeling a lot like she was right now. No. Not like I am. Worse. …no matter what they thought of theirs before this. Mine … came home alive. 
“…was tragic. And you don’t need to be burdened any more than you already are. There isn’t much we can do. Nothing is going to bring them back. But this much…” She dropped her hands to her side, resignedly.
Durga’s mother came up. She was a single mom, having been divorced since Durga was little. …that alone contributed the most to the problem with the boy. Io knew that she took jobs where she could get them. But things always came up. So many places needed to know what to expect from their employees and depend on what they could expect. 
…and Durga’s mom couldn’t even do that. …hence the problems of being able to keep a job.
Io watched her approach. And was surprised when she said nothing, but only gave her a hug. Io hugged her back warmly and tightly. 
“I’m so sorry,” Io told her in a low voice as a tear ran down her face. “I know that your situation isn’t a good one. We don’t have any positions for anything open right now, but we’ll make room for you, somewhere, if you want to come work for us.”
“I hate to say it this way,” the woman said so only Io might hear, “…but it might be a little easier to keep one, now. If you can find a spot for me … I’d really appreciate it. I’ll do…” Her voice caught.
“I will. Come and see me when you’re ready, and we’ll talk. Before or after the services. I don’t care. Whenever you’re ready.”
“I will.” She sniffed and nodded. Then she turned and left.
She was the first of a few that Io was able to share hugs with and try to reassure. Most of the parents left without a word. …but a difference of expressions on their faces. Most were only grieving. Some looked like they might have been angry. 
At me … or at the situation … I don’t know. I’ve done all I can for them right now.

*****

Castor slept for twenty hours straight. Mama kept checking on him and reassuring everyone that he would be okay. 
When he finally woke up, he kept to himself, staying out of the way of the staff, and not arguing with anyone. He didn’t take an interest in the farm, at that point, as his family wished might happen due to the consequences of his recent choices. Instead, he seemed to obsess on building personal grav-vehicles. He’d build one, test it, and then let it sit unless there was something on it that he could cannibalize for the next model. Some of the vehicles he built were pretty intimidating, just sitting on the lawn. 
Occasionally, he’d sell one. Although he didn’t see anyone to tell about them, word would get around. Some of the farmhands would look them over as the craft sat there being unused.
Mama … for once … didn’t have anything she could suggest, other than letting him have his current interest. He was staying out of trouble. …or … at least … he wasn’t getting into things where trouble might find him.
Io, for her part, decided to talk to Castor about his projects. When she’d first tried, he was pleasant, if a little standoffish. 

*****

“I’m not really sure I can explain it. It’s antigrav stuff. Not like…” he decided on different words. “…all the stuff we have around here.” He indicated the direction of the closest barn.
Io decided that he didn’t mean it to be condescending. On the other hand, she’d spent so little time with him, it was entirely possible he didn’t really know much about her.
“You know…” she started without overacting. “There was a time when I might have said almost exactly the same thing, in almost exactly the same way, about something pretty complicated stuff I used to work with, before I met your father.”
Castor pulled his head out from deep inside a section of the air-rover he was working on.
“Yeah? Like what?”
He didn’t look like it was a challenge. …or just putting up with her. …although, she couldn’t say there was any real specific interest. 
She rattled off a long equation for him.
Castor shook his head a little, not understanding. “What … was that!”
“Actually…” she paused briefly, and then said with a little more speed than she normally talked, “it’s a hyperbolic path to the nearest star. …or … was about thirty years ago. The same equation can be used today if you adjust the appropriate variables for the star’s velocity, projected path, and make adjustments for the known wobble caused by its orbiting planets.”
“Get out.” 
He wasn’t telling her to leave. It was an expression of unbelief. 
“You don’t know that.” 
…which was also his disbelief. Not quite good natured. …but she might have his interest, now.
“Says the guy who never got a doctorate in Applied Mathematical Physics … explicitly, I might add, Interstellar Ballistics … like … his … mother … did.”
He looked like that statement was almost painful. “Say again. …slowly.”
“That wasn’t slow enough?” She raised an eyebrow at him.
Castor dropped his shoulders, but he smiled. “I meant the first part.”
“You have no idea how many times someone said that exact thing when I was only a little older than you,” she told him. “Even your father.” …which wasn’t exactly true. …but it was close enough. “Most of the time they’d just request that I say it in Standard.”
Castor came out from where he had been, wiping his hands on a rag, and pulled a chair around for his mom. He had a number of chairs, in various stages of disrepair. Some of the guys would come over and work on their air-cycles, before…
“Sorry about the dirt,” he said as he indicated that she should take the chair.
“I’ve sat in worse,” she admitted, still with a raised eyebrow. “A lot worse. All of it had been edible. Some of it was still in motion. But that’s a different story, for another time.”
Castor looked at his mom like he might actually be seeing her for the first time.
They spent the next two hours talking about the equation she’d recited. Castor pulled out his datapad, so he could verify some of the numbers she was using. Io had to explain a bunch of the variables and how they went together. Castor went to school. And he’d done moderately well. …far less well than he probably could have. So, he didn’t have the language base to be able to understand some of the concepts.
When she got to the part about flying a theoretical starship to that star and back, all without the aid of a navigational computer … Castor really was impressed.
“They had those that long ago?” he asked as if she were ancient.
“We had stones and grass back then, too. Yes,” she said flatly, with her eyes narrowed in mock-disgust. “But that’s how I got my doctorate. I did all the calculations in my head…” She paused as if she was going to add something.
“Oh, please. …don’t say it…” Castor got a pained expression, easily catching the opening she’d given herself.
“…on the fly.” Io added.
Castor dropped his head. “…she said it…” He shook his head and started to laugh. He sat up and looked at her. “Mom,” he said abruptly. …and stopped just as fast.
Io gaged his expression. His mind had shifted gears, or something. He had something else going on in his head than Interstellar Ballistics and lame jokes. She turned her own expression serious and just waited.
“I …” he hesitated. 
He looked like he was trying different words, testing them, to see how they felt. Some of them looked like they might be sour. Whatever was running through his mind, Io waited patiently for them to come out.
Whatever it was … wherever it was … it was stuck.
Castor suddenly got a very strange look and quickly wrapped his arm over his face and held it that way.
When he sniffed, Io knew what he was hiding. She got up and went to him. She didn’t hug him or kiss him. He might not be ready for that kind of familiarity yet. But she did go over and squat down in front of him.
“Is there anything I can do to help?” She put her hand on his knee.
He shrugged, still hidden behind his arm.
“I don’t know if you want to be alone right now or not. I don’t want to be here if you don’t want me to be. Can I come in and talk some more, later? We can talk numbers … or what kinds of things I’ve sat in … or whatever.”
Castor nodded a little behind his arm and sniffed again.
“If you want to talk about whatever it is … please … any time … come get me. Better yet … just buzz me and I’ll come to you. Okay?”
Castor nodded and sniffed again. 
She patted his knee as she got up. She didn’t know if she should stay or go. She was sure he’d be embarrassed if she stayed. She thought she’d made some progress with him. She didn’t want to undo it. 
Io took the chair back to where Castor had gotten it from and left slowly, giving him as much time as she could reasonably give him to stop her.
He didn’t. He just continued sniffing behind his arm.
After she closed the door, she continued to the house, making it a point to greet someone so Castor could hear that she hadn’t just stood outside the door.

*****

Castor had a hard time breathing. …a hard time holding everything in until after his mom had left. 
He wanted to say it. 
He really wanted to tell her.
He tried.
It just wouldn’t come out. 
There were a number of things he wanted to say. 
I’m sorry, being the one right at the very top of that list.
Sorry for Durga and Erich.
Sorry for Laelia. She was his favorite out of the whole family. She was the only one of all of them who would talk to him. …if he hadn’t messed with that machine a dozen years ago … she’d still be alive.
But it just wouldn’t come out.
None of it.
He sobbed into his arm, wrapping the other one around his face to hide more of it.
No one would hear.
He sat there for a long time like that. 
There were so many things he was sorry for.
…so very many…
And every bit of it was stuck.
He wanted to tell her.
He really wanted to tell her.
It wouldn’t come out.

***** 

Chapter 4

The alert went out yesterday. 
The Unity were insystem.
The Unity hadn’t come to Meridian in the last hundred-plus years. Books and videos had been done, based on historical records. Nothing was ever seen of what they did. …only the aftermath of it. And it wasn’t ever good.
According to the records, if the Unity came into the system, then that meant they needed supplies and or people. …usually both. They took what they wanted. They took it from wherever they wanted. And no one had anything to say about it. According to the legend from a few millennia back … if the Unity was insystem and the planet wasn’t burned to a cinder … then that was the single best outcome that anyone could hope for. …regardless of what they took, or who or how many they killed.
Give them what they want … whatever they want … and as much as they want … and they might not fry the planet on the way out.
Ships in port didn’t leave. The records had said that if a ship left while the Unity were incoming, that ship was never seen again. While it was possible those ships had only chosen not to return, it was more likely that they’d been intercepted and destroyed.
The Unity normally took a number of random people from a large area. While they didn’t exactly seem to care how many they took, none of the conscriptions were concentrated in any single area. No reason was given. They just took who they wanted. …usually young adults, ranging in the late teens to mid-twenties. 
They also tended to take whatever food might be available in bulk. 
The legends claimed that the Unity were all indistinguishable clones. The only difference being their Series designations. They wore suits that closed them off from everything external. Everything was recycled and kept internal to the suit. But in conscripting people … those people had to eat, apparently. And food wasn’t ever programmed into the Unity’s recycler units. Since they were raiding worlds for people, already, they may as well raid them for food, as well.
And so … they came.
Not the Unity, themselves. 
Nobody ever saw them.
Their soldiers came. …the ones who were conscripted and learned to live as part of Unity. …the ones who survived to embrace their new existence and carry out their duties with enthusiasm.
The shuttle landed heavily near the processing facility.
A hand ran out of the barn yelling.
There was a shot fired by the soldier coming down the ramp.
The hand stopped running and yelling. …abruptly so.
He put a hand to his chest and looked down at his front.
Red was spreading down.
He looked up, knowing he was already dead.
The soldier fired again.
This time the energybolt hit the man in the face.
This time … the man fell.
The soldier raised his rifle, so it was braced against his shoulder and pointed at the sky.
“Do I hear any other objections about anything?” he called in a loud voice.
He waited a few seconds.
“Anything at all?”
Family and staff started pouring from everywhere. …the house, the barns, the processor. Most of everyone went slowly and had their hands raised.
Other soldiers came off the shuttle with gravdollies. They headed for the gimcha packaging building.
Lexi called to his people. “Cooperate with them fully.” He looked at the lead soldier. “Take whatever you want.”
The soldier with the gun pointed his rifle and fired.
With one smooth motion … that was far faster than anyone would have thought her capable of … Mama Lyla came around Lexi and took the energybolt in her shoulder.
She fell.
Lexi went down with her.
He looked in horror at the wound. 
Smoke rose from it.
“Mama…”
With a loose fist, she drew a quick line down the side of her face with her thumbnail.
That was her sign for Castor.
He was the right age.
If there was ever a time that I could wish that he was flying the gimcha caves…
The soldier came over. The whine of his rifle rose higher as he adjusted a dial.
“I do not think you understand,” the soldier growled. “I do not need your permission. …or your cooperation.”
With two quick shots … both Lyla and Lexi were dead. …a large portion of their heads missing. What was left was frozen in the grimace of a silent scream.
“I am Major Tackhorn. Who runs this place?” the soldier yelled.
After only a very slight hesitation, Io stepped forward. “I guess I do, now.” Her eyes were narrowed.
“I am told you have meat.”
Io turned and pointed. “The second barn has a large freezer unit.”
The Major raised his rifle quickly and shot her in the face as she turned back to him.
People started to run.
Energybolts began flying.
…and the Efrata-Landeez family and staff fell.
The only ones left were the Unity soldiers.
The breeze began to clear the stench of burned flesh.
The soldier turned back to the shuttle.
“Check them. When you are done with the resupply… burn it. Burn everything.”
“Major!” several voices chorused. Two of the soldiers went around to all the people on the ground in turn. They checked every one of them. If there was the slightest possibility the person might survive, a shot was fired, and that possibility was reduced to zero.
“Wish I could have kept this one. She is…”
“…a farm girl,” the second finished for him. He dialed up his rifle a little more.
“More than a girl. She said she was running this place. Look at that tight little…”
“She is a dead farmgirl.”
“Okay. But she was alive. And I hear those farmgirls can…”
“They can,” the second interrupted again. “Who do you think most of these…” he vaguely indicated the people who had come from the house and were not dressed as if they were employees, “came from.”
“She is not that old.”
“She is dead,” the Major said as he shot the woman three more times, just to complete the ruination of what had been a prime female form only a few centimin ago.
A man scrambled off the ground, running wildly. …as if he might be lucky enough to dodge anything shot at him.
The Major fired his rifle.
The running man’s right leg … from the knee down … went in a direction of its own as the man fell.
He lay on the ground screaming and clutching at the raw end of what was left of his leg.
The two checkmen took their time getting to him. They watched the rest of the people they had not yet checked for any movement. 
When they reached the screaming man, they went one on either side of him.
The screaming man could only sob and plead.
The first checkman shot an arm off at the elbow. 
The screams got louder.
The second shot off the other arm.
It did not seem like the screams could get any louder, but they rose to a shrill keening howl.
An energybolt hit him in the head and took the entire front of his skull off.
The two looked at where the bolt came from.
“You probably ought to finish up here. Or would you like to join them?” 
The Major pointed his rifle at one of the two.
“Major!”
They scrambled to check the remaining people from the estate.
When the people were all undeniably dead, they went to a case which had been brought down from the shuttle. People were already unloading devices. They were the demolition experts. One handed two belts, each loaded with a dozen of the devices, to each of the nine checkmen.
The demolitions people started their separate ways. …two to the house. The others toward the barns. Two more soldiers carrying two belts, each, loaded with explosives, followed each of them.
In the house, they found the cellar. 
“Look at all that wine.”
“Yah. Great. We get wine on the ship.”
“We do not get wine. We get booze.”
“Great. So, we get booze.”
“And the subatomic reorganizers make it.”
“Great. So, it is fabricated.”
“But this is the real thing.”
“In about five min, it will not be anything. …much less real.”
They set the charges on heavy pillars and along the walls. When they were out of charges, they went up and out.
“Processor power supply set to overload in three. No recall!”
“House is set! All charges no recall!”
“Barns are set! No recall!”
“We are up in two!”
They scrambled onto the shuttle, taking seats along the hull, and harness themselves in. 
The bay was full of containers from the freezer units. All were strapped. 
Mockgrav came up.
Anyone who could see out a window watched the ground fall away. The next min was filled with flashes that darkened the viewports to black. The thunder roared through the hull.
When the windows lightened again, they heard the Major on the general comm. 
“Once around.”
He always made sure there had not been any mistakes.
Those who could see out the portside windows saw flames and smoke. Every building was engulfed. Charges had been put in every other building. The ones between were in flames from the ones on either side. 
The house caved in on itself.
The processor facility was in flames. Black covered everything, radiating out from the center. The heat of the explosions must have been tremendous.
“Comm. Inform Command that a facility found to be Rajinista has been dealt with.”
“Aye.”
“Hauler Two. Progress report.”
“Situation normal, Major. Resistance dealt with. We are at forty-percent capacity. Continuing to load. Population density is light. Will take a little longer than expected.”
“Hauler Two. Loosen restrictions as necessary. Keep to the timetable and fill the quota.”
“Roger that. Out.”

***** 

Chapter 5

Castor was flying, testing the mockgrav skipper he’d built. 
He wasn’t in the caves, though. He hadn’t been there since… But … on the other hand … he was doing something almost as dangerous. …even though he wasn’t racing, and there wasn’t anyone with him.
He was skimming low, just above the water about a half-mile from the shore. 
The swells were just turning into waves. The entire coast was all shallows. What was a small swell out here could be a wave twenty feet high, closer in. …and usually was. The beach was constantly pounded, as were the cliffs, leaving freshly dead fish abundantly available. Gimcha never had to go farther than just the shore to get all the fish they wanted, if they didn’t feel like going farther and getting live ones. They just had to be quick about it, taking up their catch before the next wave came pounding in. …or the fish were washed back out when the wave receded.
They could catch fish in the water if they wanted, though. And some did. It was a sight to see a gimcha hit the bottom of a wave and come out the other side holding a four-foot shark. They’d flip the fish up into the air, and swallow them in one massive gulp while in flight. …made even more difficult … and amazing to watch … for the shark’s trashing. Castor had seen it dozens of times. And he still had to wonder how and why the gimcha didn’t get their own insides eaten out before they could digest the darned thing.
No one ever swam anywhere near the coast. …and not anywhere within three hundred miles of this spot. That entire stretch of shoreline was very much the same. Even taking a boat through these waters was nearly suicidal.
Maneuvering an experimental gravcraft over swells that could change drastically in a moment could be suicidal too. But if you’re going to test a speeder, then you might as well test it. If the builder won’t do the testing, then it’s best not to trust the craft. Same thing, if the builder isn’t confident enough to push it to its limits. This skipper model should be real popular with the speed freaks. Definitely a racer over rough terrain. …like I was.
He pulled up. That was about as much as he could do now. The accident was still too fresh in his mind.
I need a drink. Then I should probably sit down with Mom again. I can tell she likes when we hang. She can probably tell I get a kick out of it, too. Her stories are great. I never would have thought she’d have sat down in the middle of a mess of food! She’s just not … well … maybe she is that type. …or was, anyway. I don’t know that she’d do it now. …but I guess I could be wrong. It’s a little strange when you’ve been living with your parents all your life, and you find out they’re not the dull people you thought they were. …well … Mom isn’t, anyway. I don’t know about Dad, yet.
Castor didn’t drink a lot. He usually just went to the cantina and had a beer or two, sitting quietly off to the side. …and usually because he’d thought about the accident. 
What he really wanted to do was fly a starship. But … he really didn’t like people much. …and he really didn’t like the people from starships who went there. …which served to remind him that what he was doing now, was probably as close to getting off the planet as he was likely going to get. But if he found someone there that he might be able to tolerate, he might talk with them for a while. …at least, maybe, see what his chances were for going into space. 
Castor checked his location, turned, and headed toward town. 
He always sat alone at the FAC. …watching. People treated him differently than they had before. He never saw any of what was left of the old gang. …which was probably a good thing. 
On the other hand, he didn’t dress up like a rich-kid-turd anymore, either. And he didn’t move like one. He’d go in. Have his beer. Leave a decent tip. And then leave quietly. He normally didn’t talk to anyone, and he never started arguments anymore. …and he didn’t join in the fights when they happened.
He slewed the skipper in sideways, blowing dirt for a good way along the path he’d been on. He’d gone in at an angle, so as not to shoot the cascade at a person or the other vehicles. The skipper stopped quickly and settled. He dropped the standing gear, popped the hatch, and shut it down. As opposed to showing off, he was demonstrating the maneuvering capability for anyone that might be watching. They’d likely take a look at the speeder after he went inside.
Doesn’t look like it’s going to rain. I’ll leave the top up. Salt’s dry from the ocean. They’ll know I was skimming. And they’ll know it can maneuver. I just might be able to sell a few of these tonight.
He still wasn’t interested in the farm. But building custom gravcraft was fun. He could do it quickly. It was possible that he could make a pretty good living at it, doing different models for different types of use. The farm had all the family it needed. He was always in the way there. Building skippers … he wasn’t in the way, anymore. He could buy a shop in town, any time he wanted to. …but he really wanted to do it with just the money he made with the skimmers.
He walked toward the FAC.
Things had gotten a little violent a few times at the FAC in the last year. He’d heard that one of his remaining ex-old pals had died in one of the altercations. Now… everyone was searched for weapons before they went in. Anything confiscated was put in a numbered bin, and the owner was handed a matching ticket. You could pick your things up when you left.
He never had anything. So, they never took anything. They still checked him, though. They checked everyone. 
It is what it is. And I’m probably more than just a little bit to blame for that, too. …ultimately.
So, he stood with his feet spread to shoulder width, and with his arms straight out, while they ran their scanners about two inches off his person.
Everywhere.
They found nothing of interest and let him go in.
He always went to the bar to order his drinks. Then, if he’d gotten up from a table to do it, he’d go sit back down at that table. …if it was still available. Sometimes it wasn’t. If it’d been taken … for whatever reason … sometimes it was someone wanting to start crap … then he’d just go find somewhere else to sit. …or lean. 
He wasn’t interested in the barmaids. …or talking with them. …or what some of them sold after hours. …or most of the Spacer women. …and what they often gave out for free to locals. Females were great. …just not these females. …or any that he’d known from the gang. He doubted he could find any like his sister Laelia was. He’d loved her a lot. 
Maybe my biggest problem is that I really did love Laelia a whole lot. …and then I was the one that fiddled with the machine that blew up and killed her. 
She was one in a million.
No. 
I take that back.
Laelia was just like I’m finding out Mom is. …which makes two of them.
…and Mama Lyla makes three.
Is there any chance … even a small one … that I can find a girl like them?
I suppose it would help if I cleaned up my act and got out more. But where do you go to find someone like them?
There weren’t any tables this time. But he still wasn’t going to stay at the bar. He would be too exposed there if a fight started. He knew that he wasn’t all that liked in here. But he didn’t cause trouble, so they mostly ignored him. 
He took his beer and went to sit on his heels, leaning against the wall in the shadows.
Something about tonight was depressing. It wasn’t that he was in a sour mood. …it just felt like something was wrong. 
He felt like this every now and then. Usually … and most likely just as a coincidence, he had to admit … a major change would happen not long afterwards, whenever he felt like this. Castor only half-seriously thought about it in terms of shifting universes. …remaining who he was in the continuum, but abruptly shifting places in that continuum. The universe … dimension … alternate reality … place …
…whatever… 
…he found himself put into was always similar to the one he’d been moved from … but something would almost always worse. The powers of the universe seemed to have something of a sadistic streak. He’d felt like that when he bailed in the caves. Except for the crash, this universe didn’t seem to be too bad. He was getting to know his mom. He still wasn’t real thrilled about most everyone else, though.
…which is why I like building skippers. I don’t have to deal with people any more than just taking their money.
People are just not too smart. …and it doesn’t ever get any better. If you watch or listen to them, you know the misconceptions they’re carrying. …things that they just don’t want to bother taking the time to figure out and correct.
…like that guy over there. He’s talking like he has all the answers to the Unity. If even a little bit about what I’ve heard is true … he’d be dead in about three seconds. Three years ago, I would have gone up to him and put some facts down in front of him. He’d have been ready to fight, rather than admit he’s wrong.
Yah. No. I shouldn’t have come here. I should have gone home and found out if Mom was busy. She actually knows a lot about the stuff I’m building. Who knows? I might even be able to talk her into going for a ride in the one I’ve got outside. Probably ought not to skim… 
Wait.
Maybe I should ask about that. She might surprise me, yet again. I think I’d pee myself if she said yes, and then wanted to fly it between the waves!
He was enjoying that thought, imagining his mother skimming ten-foot swells.
Men came in. Not fast, but not leisurely. 
They were carrying rifles.
The only way that could happen was if they’d just killed all the security outside. …who wouldn’t have let them in, otherwise. …and who had the means to prevent them.
Which really means they were likely killed before they knew what was happening.
The first one in lowered his gun and shot the bartender. He motioned with one finger. One of the men behind him went quickly to the bar, jumped it, and checked all around that side.
Must be looking for any weapons.
One of the off-worlders stood up.
He was shot, as well.
Twice.
“Now. Does anyone else want to say anything?”
Castor noticed everyone slowly placing their hands, palms down, on the tables.
The rest of the group came in. They went around the room picking out particular people. Those were told to go out the door, and don’t run. …if they wanted to continue to live.
Unity. Shit. That’s why that guy was talking about them. I’ve been shut in my shop so long … I never heard the alert.
He reached into his inside jacket pocket. 
His datapad was off.
Damn!
After they’d picked close to two-dozen people …including the big-mouth … the first man in, who’d shot the barkeep, asked, “Who owns that speeder out there?”
“Which one?” someone asked. There were lots of speeders in the lot.
“The open one that looks like a prototype.”
Ah, shit. “That would be mine.”
Guns were immediately leveled at him. He’d tucked himself into an unobtrusive spot, like he usually did when he had to stand. If they’d seen him before, they probably would have taken him.
He raised his hands and stepped away from the wall.
“It’s mine. Can I put this down?” Castor indicated the mug he was holding.
“Yah.”
Castor leaned toward the nearest table.
“On top of your head.”
Castor had only one choice. 
He stood up straight and placed the mug on top of his head. Then he held his hands out to the side.
The first man leveled his gun and fired.
Castor flinched a little. Not much. He’d seen the path and trajectory. The bolt would miss both his head and the mug. …and Castor had no doubt that if he didn’t intend to miss … he wouldn’t have.
“Got balls, boy.”
“No, sir. I just fly a lot. I’m a good pilot. I could see that you were aiming to miss.”
The man pulled his rifle up a second time and fired three more shots in quick succession.
The first shot nicked his left ear.
The second hit the mug. 
If he’d moved the damage would have been worse.
He saw the numbers for the first and second shot. His eyes were closed after that.
Beer and glass rained down on his head and shoulders, clinking and splatting as it hit the floor. 
Castor didn’t move. It took all he had to stand absolutely still, not knowing where any shot after the second was going to land. If he moved, and a shot was intended to miss with as narrow a margin as the first one did, he could get himself killed getting into the path of that shot. But the soldier intended to miss by less than a hair on the first one, so … chances were … Castor sincerely hoped … that he’d intend to miss on all the subsequent shots, too.
The third nicked his right ear.
When the beer had run down past his eyes, he opened them again.
“Out.” …was all the man said. He jerked his thumb at the door behind him. 
Castor didn’t rush, but he didn’t exactly take his time, either. Whatever was going to happen … up to a certain point … he figured he’d rather be alive, as opposed to not.
He shook his jacket and head on the way, sprinkling glass shards in his wake.

***** 

Chapter 6

Castor woke up. 
It was hot. He took off his jacket and held it. It smelled like stale beer.
He was getting jostled as people walked by him.
Someone landed on him. …and the next three people. The guy stood up yelling, ready to fight. It was the big-mouth.
…wonderful…
Castor stood up quickly. …and just as quickly wished he hadn’t. But he got between them.
“Friends. I just woke up. I’m not sure where we are, but we seem to all be in the same situation. If there’s going to be any way out of this, then we’re going to have to work together. The first part of that would probably be not beating each other up. Okay? Just a suggestion.”
The guy who’d pushed the one who’d landed on him, got in Castor’s face.
“Yer that Landeez peeseashit,” he growled. “Ain’t no way outta here, rich-boy. The Unity got us! And we got two choices. Work for them or die. You shoulda crashed with the resta yer pals. You’da been a whole lot happier than what yer gonna be!”
“We’ll see,” Castor said softly, immediately regretting his decision to get involved.
He was shoved from behind. Then he was shoved back and forth a few times before he caught his balance and interrupted the pattern.
“Go call yer momma, rich-boy. I’m shure they’ll listen to her.”
Castor though a second time about…
No. Can’t do that. I’m not that me, anymore.
Instead … he picked his way across the floor, threading through the people still sleeping. He leaned against the wall and sighed. Two years ago, he’d have dropped the guy with one quick jab to the throat.
But that me died with Durga and them in the cave. And Mom buried that me when she sat and talked with me that first time. …kinda makes me wonder what Mom and Dad are gonna think, if I never make it back home. They’ll probably search every inch of the gimcha caves. Did they know Unity was there? If they did … they’ll probably figure it out quick enough. They might search the caves anyway.
Castor sighed again and looked around. People still on the floor were getting kicked while others tried to move around them. They were breathing, still. Castor could see chests moving. …but they weren’t waking up, yet.
Drugged. They must have tranquilized us all. But there’s more people here than they took from the FAC. A lot more. They must have made a bunch of stops. There must be … what … twenty there … twenty more over there. Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. Thirteen. Must still be at least a hundred on the floor, still. 
The numbers ran quickly in his head.
Two hundred and forty-three. …counting me. Dinner time’s going to be fun. …not.
The smell of urine reached Castor’s face. A woman was peeing against the wall, not far to his left. It ran down and under a few people who were still out.
“What,” she said as she saw Castor look at her. “It’ll catch up to you too. I’m not the first. And I’m sure as hell not going to be the last!”
Castor held his hands up as if to say I didn’t say anything.
A man came over and grabbed her. 
“Since you’ve got your pants down…” He yanked her around.
Castor grabbed his shoulder. “Sorry, friend. This isn’t the time or the place.”
The man wheeled around with a backhanded swing. Castor blocked that one. But the guy followed behind it with the other fist. Castor didn’t see that one. It landed straight in his face. He fell back into the wall as he tried to catch his balance.
The woman had turned and yanked up her pants, in the meantime. She landed an enormous kick squarely in the man’s crotch that lifted him a full foot off the floor. 
The man collapsed and rolled on the floor, spilling what little he’d had in his stomach.
The woman ignored Castor completely as he wiped the blood from his mouth.
Almost as one, the remaining people on the floor woke up. They sat or stood, as they had room.
The room stank.
The light above the doorway went out about a minute later. Soldiers came in.
“ON YER FEET!!”
Everyone stood. 
…everyone except the guy who was still trying to retrieve his testicles from his lungs.
The soldier in charge leveled his rifle. He delayed only long enough that people cleared well out of the way.
He fired. 
The guy on the floor didn’t have to worry about where his testicles were anymore.
“Sir. Where are we?”
That man was shot in the face.
People started retching from the smell of burned flesh.
A man puked.
He was shot, as well.
A woman cried. 
And she was summarily shot.
No one moved.
No one made a noise.
No one did anything to make themselves conspicuous in any way, whatsoever.
Someone sneezed. …likely from the smoke.
That person was shot too.
So far, the soldiers hadn’t said anything. 
That’s not true. What they’re saying is that our lives are worth nothing. They’re saying that they have no problem killing us, and we’re worth the same to them whether we’re dead or alive. …unless we can somehow make ourselves worth more to them alive. But that worth is on their terms, and their terms only.
The soldiers stood there, looking around. It seemed like they were waiting for someone else they could shoot. After a very long two minutes without having shot anyone, the lead soldier spoke.
“My name is Major Tackhorn! You will call me Major!”
He waited.
Nothing happened.
“SAY IT!!” he shouted. He started wandering through the people.
People backed up and made way for him, wherever he went.
“Major.” 
Some were louder. Some weren’t. Some were immediate. Some weren’t.
He shot the closest man in the face.
“LOUDER!!”
In one voice, everyone shouted, “MAJOR!”
He shot a man in the face. All Castor could see was that the man had stood back by the wall.
“THAT’S MAJOR, SIR TO YOU!!”
“MAJOR, SIR!!”
He shot a woman in the face.
But she did what he said!
“You are property of the Unity,” he said as his path went wherever his feet wanted to take him. “As property,” he continued, “you can be kept or disposed of at will. To be kept, you will need to make yourself useful.”
One of the soldiers near the door shot a man in the face.
“Do I make myself clear!”
It wasn’t a question. He only wanted the acknowledgement of that reality. …the reality they were all in. 
And the only escape from that reality was to die.
…which raised the question … was anyone better off living … or getting shot in the face …?
“YES, MAJOR, SIR!”
The Major’s wanderings were taking him in the general direction of Castor. 
An open pathway was made. 
Castor was deciding which way he wanted to back up when he was pushed from behind.
He stumbled forward, toward the Major, trying to catch his balance. His hand went up to shoulder level. …palms forward.
As he looked up the rifle was leveled at his face. He stared straight down the barrel.
…and lost control of his bladder.
The wet ran down his legs. 
His boots started to fill.
The gun shifted quickly and someone behind him was shot.
“What do you do?” the Major asked him.
“I design and build gravracers, Major. Sir!” Castor said loudly, still staring down the barrel of the rifle, which had shifted back to his face.
“Flight Maintenance.”
“Yes, Major. Sir!” One of the soldiers said behind him.
“I DO NOT HAVE THE TIME OR THE PATIENCE,” the Major continued loudly. “FOR STUPIDITY. I DO NOT HAVE THE TIME OR THE PATIENCE FOR ANYONE WITHOUT A USEFUL SKILL. IF ALL YOU CAN DO IS KILL … THAT WILL BE TAKEN INTO FULL CONSIDERATION. IF ALL YOU CAN DO IS WORK ON YOUR BACK AS A PLEASURE DRONE … THAT WILL BE TAKEN INTO CONSIDERATION. IF YOU CAN’T EVEN DO THAT … THAT WILL BE TAKEN INTO FULL CONSIDERATION. LIEUTENANT!” 
He turned to the waiting soldiers.
“YES, MAJOR, SIR!” 
“Process this man, here.” 
He pointed with his rifle, without looking.
It fired.
Castor was hit in the shoulder.
His indrawn breath hissed.
A soldier came over and took Castor’s arm.
Castor squeezed his eyes shut but went with him. His boots sloshed around his feet. The Lieutenant was pulling on the arm that had been wounded. He opened his eyes as quickly as he could, to make sure he didn’t stumble over anything. …or any … body.
He looked quickly at his shoulder. The wound wasn’t anywhere near as bad as the ones where people got shot in the face. The Major must have decreased the power setting when he turned.
It still hurts like a sonuvabitch, though.
“THAT BEING SAID…” the Major shouted. “FOR ANY SKILL THAT YOU CLAIM, YOU WILL HAVE TO DEMONSTRATE COMPETENCY AT IT. IF THAT SKILL IS TO KILL, THEN YOU WILL BE REQUIRED TO DO SO. IF YOU CAN NOT DEMONSTRATE A SKILL, AND YOU ARE JUDGED TO BE USELESS TO THE UNITY FOR ANY TASKS WE HAVE THAT NEED DOING, OR IF YOU CAN NOT MAKE THE REQUIRED ADJUSTMENT, YOU WILL BE RELEASED.” 
The Major had reached the front of the room again. 
“BUT SINCE WE CANNOT TAKE YOU BACK HOME...” 
The Major shot another woman in the face. Castor, still going toward the front of the room … although he didn’t know, at this point, how he was still even standing … was not far from her. He’d seen that the woman was looking progressively more ill as the Major spoke.
She fell at Castor’s feet as he was pushed by.

***** 

Chapter 7

Castor was led through a few hallways. They stank. But he could well understand why. He was adding to it, dripping as he was. And he had no doubt, from the state of some of the people in the room he’d just come from, that it would get worse before it got better. …much worse.
All in all … I may be glad I’m at the front of the line. …regardless of where that line goes.
He ended up going into a long room. There were a number of people standing in places along a specific path through the room. All of them had guns pointed at the ceiling. Others were sitting at desks.
“Name,” the first one inside the room asked.
“Castor Efrata-Landeez,” he answered quickly.
“Take off your clothes and toss everything in that chute, there. Keep nothing.”
Castor nodded. His shoulder hurt like hell. 
The man grabbed him by the arm as he went by. “And I mean absolutely nothing.” 
The man sniffed and looked at the burn hole in Castor’s shoulder. But he said nothing about it.
Castor nodded.
It took him a while to get his shirt off. But he managed. He tossed everything into the chute. …and stood there naked, waiting to be told what to do next. He knew that he stank.
The man opened the door to a small enclosed booth. 
“In there.” He indicated the booth with his chin.
Castor went in.
“Med. You will want the first one as he goes by,” he said into his wrist unit.
“Roger.”
“Keep your eyes closed tightly.”
The door closed behind him.
Castor squeezed his eyes closed.
There was an immediate spray of what Castor had initially thought was water. …which it might have been. But it wasn’t just water. It burned the wound in his shoulder. 
He managed to inhale some of the spray when the pain caused him to draw a quick breath.
Castor couldn’t decide whether the coughing that resulted was because he got whatever it was in his lungs, or that it burned his throat even worse than his shoulder. 
It really didn’t make much difference, though, after the first few seconds. His whole existence had turned into one big mass of pain.
He managed to keep his eyes shut.
There was a flash of heat that started from the floor and went straight up. 
Castor could smell burned hair.
Whatever it was had burned very quickly.
Then there was another spray.
This time, it seemed like it might have been only water.
There was a hum and heat. It didn’t feel like a normal heat. …certainly not like what must have been a quick fireball that burned his hair off.
He wasn’t sure how long he was in there when it sounded like a door opened in front of him.
He hadn’t opened his eyes yet.
“You are done in here. Follow the yellow line. Stop on every X. Wait until you are told to continue,” the soldier told him as Castor left the booth. 
“Yes, sir,” Castor managed to say.
He was dry. All the hair on his arms was gone. He rubbed the top of his head quickly. That hair was gone, too.
At the first X, he stood waiting. A woman came around her table with a hypo-spray gun. She shot him in his pectoral muscle, just below the burned hole.
“Go,” she said.
Castor got five more hypos in the next few stations. One just lower than the first. Two in his left arm. Two more in each butt-cheek. He’d been told to stand with his toes together, his heels apart, and his weight on his left leg when they’d given him the last one. He didn’t know what the stance was supposed to accomplish. That one hurt like a hell. It felt like they’d buried something of a size that he wouldn’t have been able fit in his mouth into that muscle. He wasn’t going to be able to sit down until whatever it was worked its way into his system from there.
“Sit here.”
…crap…
He did. …more or less. He tried to put as little weight on the left side of his butt as possible.
The soldier there pushed him straight, and then left his hand there.
Castor was briefly thankful that it was the other shoulder that had been wounded. Otherwise, he was sure the soldier wouldn’t have had a problem pressing on it to make sure he cooperated.
He managed not to look at the soldier, and to keep his expression bland, except for the little bit of the pain that he couldn’t prevent. 
The chair was cold. He was the first one through the line.
She fitted a unit over his head. “Set.”
The contact points on his scalp buzzed for a second. …but his shoulder stopped hurting. …so did his butt.
“Ready,” the man behind the control panel said.
The woman brought up a nasty looking tool. With it, she gripped the hole in his shoulder. She squeezed it closed. He felt it pull, but there was no pain.
“Done.”
He felt a little jolt through the contacts.
“Done.”
She took the unit off him, and then handed him a small vial.
“That is going to wear off in a couple hours. Drink this only after you have gotten into bed. The whole thing. It is going to hurt tomorrow, but this will let you sleep tonight.”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
“Sir,” she said. “Everyone you will see, who is not a recruit, is Sir. Do not make that mistake again.”
“Yes, Sir. Thank you, Sir.”
“Go.”
That entire process didn’t hold up the line, much.
He went to the next station and got a lightweight, short-sleeved, green coverall.
“Put it on.”
He did.
The next station gave him soft-soled deck shoes. He put those on quickly, too.
The next station asked him, “Assignment?”
“Flight Maintenance, Sir.”
“Correct.”
The man made a note on the board he was at. “Go.”
When he got to the next station, the man at the desk said, “Castor Efrata-Landeez.” He stood up and came around the desk.
“Yes, Sir.”
Show me your shoulder.
Castor bared his shoulder. He still couldn’t feel the clamp.
The man came around the desk with a tube that had a long needle on the end.
“This is brainfry. Do you know what brainfry is?”
“Other than Valhallans like to drink it… No, Sir.”
“You will.” 
There was a shot behind him. …and a heavy thud.
“Stay looking this way. Do not turn. Whatever happens behind you is unimportant.”
“Yes, sir.” 
Castor already knew what the sound had been. He’d heard it almost a dozen times in just the few minutes before the last ten.
The man took the needle and stuck it through the tines of the clamp, straight into the inside of the wound.
Castor didn’t feel a thing.
The man emptied the small tube into Castor’s shoulder.
“Were you given something to drink later?”
“Yes, Sir.” 
Castor held out his hand with the vial.
The man took it and went back behind his desk.
“Go.”
Castor briefly thought about asking about the vial. He decided that he be better off not to, in the long run. …considering he’d likely be shot in the face if he said anything.
At the next station, Castor was given a wrist unit.
“Do not try to remove this. It will keep track of your location. It will keep your schedule, give you directions and instructions, and allow you to talk with your team. You can ask it questions. It will give you answers. Everything you say and do … everywhere you go … will be monitored, recorded, and kept on file.”
He closed it on Castor’s wrist. It changed shape, just a little, and fitted itself snugly around his forearm.
“Stand up straight. Hold the screen up and toward your face so you can see it, and it can see you.”
Castor held it up. The small screen was lit. It was about seven inches from his nose. 
The pattern changed to a U on top of two horizontal lines.
“Say your full name,” it told him.
“Castor Ricinus Efrata-Landeez.”
“Castor Ricinus Efrata-Landeez. Species. Human. Non-Unity. Subclass. Non-Rajinista. Unconfirmed. Planet of origin. No entry made. Unity recruit. Current Assignment. Flight Maintenance.”
It paused for a second.
“Your file is updated and current. Proceed to the door at the end of the yellow line.”

*****

The Bay Chief was alerted that he had a recruit approaching. He pulled up the file quickly and got the overview.
They shot him. Wonderful. They probably took his painkiller. If there was anything that I could do about that … without managing to get myself killed in the process … I would have whomever does that up for a court martial. 
“Castor Efrata-Landeez,” the Chief said as he approached.
“Yes, Sir. That’s me.”
His wrist unit stung him.
“Landeez. You can call me Chief. …in public. I work for a living. I am just Smudge, otherwise. …just like the rest of my crew addresses me. My file says you were wounded.”
“Yes, Sir. Smudge.”
Smudge looked at him and raised an eyebrow.
Cautious. All in all … a good choice.
“They clamped it closed?”
“Yes, Sir. Smudge.”
“Do you still have the vial you were given?”
“No, Sir.” Castor did not elaborate.
And he has the sense not to go into any details. Good.
“Did they shoot it up with brainfry?”
“Yes, Sir. Smudge.”
And I cannot ask if any other departments ever get any of these. So, I cannot tell if it is someone who just does not like me or my department, or they just enjoy knowing the torture they are putting these people through. Neither would surprise me. 
“Wonderful. We get some like you, now and then. Come on.”
Smudge led Castor around the bay and down a stairway.
“This is our berthing compartment. Tomorrow, I will assign you a rack. Tonight, however…” 
He opened a hatchway leading into a small room standing alone in the middle of the compartment. There was a disposable mattress on the floor, a subatomic reorganizer and a sink in the wall, and an array of showerheads in the ceiling. The whole room was basically just a large biowaste compartment. 
Smudge motioned for Castor to go in.
Castor stepped through the hatchway, turned, and stood on the other side, facing him.
“Understand. This is not a punishment. The neural inhibitor is going to wear off soon. At that time, you will start feeling the brainfry. It is called that for a reason. You are in for a very rough night. Probably two, in fact. Because you are not likely going to sleep tonight. You will be lucky if you can tomorrow. …which means you will be worthless to me until you are rested. You can get water from the sink. …if you can get up that far. This door is going to be locked from the outside until you have stabilized. I will look in on you by way of your wrist unit. These are pretty indestructible. It will show me your vitals. I will bring you stuff to clean this room up when you are through this. Believe me when I say … for as little as this is going to be worth to you in just a little while … this is the most humane thing I can do for you right now. Good luck. Stay sane. I will see you on the other side of this.”
Smudge shut the hatch and keyed the lock. He looked at his wrist unit. “A.I. Search. Castor Efrata-Landeez.”
“Found.”
“Vitals.”
“All within normal.”
“Monitor him. Alert me when they change.”
“Complying.”
Smudge went and checked on one of his people. It was not long before his wrist unit sounded.
“Report.”
“Castor Efrata-Landeez. Vitals. Heart rate. Forty-three beats per decimin and rising. Respiration. Fifteen per decimin and rising. Blood pressure. One-forty over ninety-three and rising. Pain level indicators … rising sharply.”
“What is he doing?”
“He is trying to drink water.”
“Shut the water off when he is finished, if he cannot. Turn it on for him when he makes his way back up there.”
“Complying.”
Smudge did not hear the screams. If they had not started yet, they would soon. Smudge had this room specially built after the second recruit they had sent him like this. …and who had kept everyone in the compartment up all night. 
The second one was put out of everyone’s misery. One of his techs had used a heavy spanner. Smudge lost two people because of that night. That was when … and why … he had the room built.
Apparently… someone likes the pain med they give the recruits when they have been shot. …and no one can say a damned thing about it. That is the first lesson they will teach them. …every one of them gets it a different way. The ones who are expected not to stay with any of the groups in the batch get shot. The ones who remain within groups … someone always says something. …and then they end up dead. The rest learn the lesson. It is either the hard way or the easy way. And I cannot really say which is which. I had to learn it, too.

*****

Castor survived. 
He managed to pull himself up to the sink. The water turned on as he reached for the valve.
His muscles didn’t want to cooperate. 
His elbow didn’t want to move away from his ribs.
He was thirsty. 
His throat was dry and raw. 
He wanted some water.
He was thankful when it turned itself on.
He wouldn’t have been able to reach it.
As it was, he could barely get a few drops into his mouth.
He moved, as he was able, to try to get closer.
He managed to get a hand into the running water.
He sucked water too fast, and it went into his lungs.
He collapsed to the floor from the coughing.
When he woke up, he was thirsty.
He could barely keep his eyes open.
He managed to get up to the sink.
The water came on as he weakly reached for the valve.
He put his hand under the running water, barely able to reach it.
It tasted strange. 
He saw his hand was covered with dried muck.
He moved up as he could, and he got closer.
He rubbed his hands slowly together under the water until they were the right color.
He drank some more.
His shoulder hurt. …but, at least, it didn’t feel like there was acid in his veins.
He finished drinking and looked around. There was a bucket and stuff just inside the door. The rest of the room was a mess. There were pieces of…
He looked down at himself. 
He held his wrist unit up. 
“How long’ve I been in here?” he asked weakly, nearly croaking. His throat was raw.
His wrist unit shocked him.
“Speak properly.”
The pain had shot up through Castor’s arm. It threatened to set off his shoulder again.
He panted for a minute, until he got control of himself.
Once he could think, he asked, clearly, “How should I have phrased my question?”
“How long have I been in here?”
The words were clear and separate.
Okay.
“How long have I been in here?”
“Five-point-three-eight hectomin.”
“How long is that?” he asked as clearly as he could manage.
“Five-point-three-eight hectomin.”
His coverall was in shreds.
The clamp wasn’t on his shoulder anymore. 
He must have torn it off.
The wound was closed. But it looked almost as ragged as his jumpsuit. There were deep scratches around it.
He took the rest of his suit off. It was ruined. He needed a bath. 
Badly. I stink … like … 
He must have lost control of both his bladder and bowels. …both of which had … far too obviously … been completely liquid.
Looking around more … that bit of information hit home a little more solidly. 
This was what he was going to have to clean up.
He cleaned himself off with the jumpsuit shreds as best he could, soaking some of them.
A bin opened from the wall.
“Put all waste in the bin,” his wrist unit told him.
So, he did.
“You are to clean this room. I will monitor your progress, and I will tell you what needs more of your attention and effort.”
With the A.I.’s help and guidance, eventually, he was ready to start.
This was going to be a learning experience for him. …a big one. He’d never had to clean up his own messes before. …in a number of contexts. 
But I’ve seen what they’ll do to their property. It’s the only game. And it’s theirs. I’m going to have to play by their rules.
The consequences of being property had been made painfully clear. He decided that he probably ought to start by figuring out how to speak the way the A.I. wanted him to. …and clean this mess up. …entirely. …and according to instructions, at the very least. …if he wanted to survive.
“Please instruct me on the most efficient way to do everything that needs to be done,” he said carefully, hoping that his request, and the way he said the words were acceptable. “And how I’m supposed…”
His wrist unit shocked him.
“…how I am supposed to speak.”

***** 

Chapter 8

Castor was let out of the room after learning what to do and how to take instructions. His wrist unit had zapped him nearly unconscious several times during the process.
Yelling at the A.I. probably did not help him much. But he is learning.
The A.I. kept giving him all the rags he needed from the subatomic reorganizer in the room to finally clean both himself and the room spotless. When he was done … and finally thought to ask … it gave him a new jumpsuit.
“A.I. Provide Castor with shoes, as well.”
“Complying.”
It was only a short while after he was dressed that Smudge unlocked the door.
“Come with me.”
Castor followed. …but he looked like he could really use a good meal and some decent rest.
He will get both of those in due time. First things first. I need to know how well he can do the jobs I give him. He will never be in worse shape than he is now. And that will give me the best information I can possibly ever ask for.
Smudge lead him to a workstation and brought up the aptitude test for the Maintenance Bay. Since Castor was assigned here straight from the pen, he must have declared a proficiency in maintaining vehicles. 
Grav-fighters are not exactly land-skimmers, though.
“Sit.”
Castor heavily into the chair. …although Smudge could tell he was trying very hard to make it not so obvious. He faced toward the open area of the room. His back was to the station. He looked horrible. He said nothing.
And that … is telling, all by itself. He is a survivor. He has the will to live. And he will do whatever it takes to stay alive. 
Smudge narrowed his eyes. 
I can see me in him. He is me, when I was in the place he is now. …although, I cannot say whether that is good, or not.
Smudge brought out some large gloves and a disc.
“This is an enhanced reality device. It is run by the A.I. It will ask you questions and give you problems to solve. You will answer as best you can and make the repairs necessary. The problem difficulty will increase, the farther you progress through the test.”
He handed Castor the gloves. 
“Have you ever used one of these?”
“No, sir. Smudge.”
It was probably as loud as he could have said it. …which wasn’t very. His voice was very raspy.
His throat probably still hurts from the screaming he did.
“Then this is going to be a little strange.” He held up the disc. “When I put this against your chest, it will expand. It will cover your face, connecting itself automatically. It will also connect to the chair, so it can give you air. It will give you water, too, when you get thirsty. It will create a visor and fit it over your eyes and ears. Everything you see and hear from then on will be given to you from the A.I. With those gloves you will not be able to tell the difference between what your perceptions tell you and reality. When you work on something, you will not be able to tell that you are not actually working on it, except that you can stay seated while you are doing everything, and what you are working on will change positions to accommodate your reach. 
“Tell it what you want to see and know within the confines of the problem. It will move everything around, so you can get at what you need to. Request a tool, and it will be available for you to use. If you use a different name for a tool that it does not recognize, describe it and its function. It will find what you want and teach you the proper name for it.
“It already knows you have never worked with one of these before, because you just said so. So, it will give you a tutorial.”
Castor nodded.
“Put the gloves on.”
Castor did. The wrist unit did not affect the fit of the gloves. The glove adjusted to accommodate it.
“I will be able to monitor your progress. When you are done, it will tell you to remove the gloves and how to get out of the rest of it. Okay? Are you ready?”
“Yes, sir. Smudge.”
“One word will do when you are here. But do not forget to use at least two everywhere else.”
“Yes. I won’t.”
Castor twitched as his wrist unit zapped him.
“I will not forget.”
“The A.I. will tolerate incorrect speaking only if you are asking how to say something correctly. It will, however, keep track. Its tolerance will decrease over time.”
“I will not forget that, either.”
“Okay. It will be dark in this thing, at first. Just hang in.” 
Smudge put the disc to Castor’s chest and pressed the center. Castor did not watch the metal becoming fluid as it flowed up over his shoulders and neck. The helmet became visible in sections and enclosed Castor’s head. The sections that continued to look fluid, after it had made its own connections to the chair, would remain so. That would enable Castor to move his head and shoulders to work on solving the problems the A.I. would give him.
“A.I. Comm. Castor Efrata-Landeez,” Smudge said at his wrist unit.
“Connected.”
“Are you okay in there?”
“Yes. Strange was an understatement. There’s…”
Castor twitched.
“There is…”
“I have been there. I am familiar with your conditions.” 
Smudge checked the connections into the back of the chair. The station was also used as an instructional booth, when his people needed to advance their knowledge.
“Tell it you would like some water.”
“I would like some water, please.”
Smudge knew that the nipple would swing around to the side of Castor’s mouth.
“Just open your mouth when you are done.”
There was silence for a few seconds.
“That is good to know.”
“If you need a break for the biowaste unit, just tell the A.I. It will give you instructions and release you. Remember that the unit you just came from is just to your left, and it serves that function.”
“Understood.”
“Okay. Do your best.”
“I will.”
“End comm,” Smudge said.
‘Complying.”
“A.I.”
“Yes.”
“Let me know if he progresses to level two.”
“Complying.”
Smudge considered having the A.I. add something to Castor’s water for his throat. 
But that would defeat the purpose of having him at his worst to take the test. All his discomfort will tend to distract him. Whatever level he ends with … he could do better while able to think clearly.

*****

Castor finished what he could do of the test. There were ten levels. He made it through four of them. The first two, he went through very quickly. The third took him two decamin. The fourth, twice that. Castor was only one and a half decamin on the first problem of level five. He had no solution, and he told the A.I. so. 
The A.I. informed Smudge and released Castor from the unit. 
Smudge gave him a decamin to eat and relax. The food was only a bowl of tasteless mush, which was the one of the few things that the reorganizers on this deck were capable of producing. Considering the state his stomach was probably in from the last two nights, it probably would not handle anything much more solid than that. Then he let him have some time in the biowaster.
Most of the people they send me do not make it to level three. Level five deals with ion-drives. I did not make it as far as he did, when I went through it.
Castor came out of the biowaster.
“Stand here.” Smudge pointed at a spot on the floor.
Castor stood where he was told. He looked exhausted.
He probably is. He can sleep when he is dead. He will learn that lesson quickly too. So far … his resilience is impressive.
“Stand straight. Heels together. Stomach in. Shoulders back. Hands straight, stiff, and fingertips only against your legs. Neck straight. Face up. Look directly ahead. Pick something, and do not let your eyes waiver from it. At all! If you cannot see it for any length of time, keep looking at where it was. Your eyes do not move from that focus point.”
Smudge started walking around him. He made a few adjustments.
“Say nothing. Do not change the expression of your eyes or mouth. Absolutely do not look at me.”
After a few circles, Smudge stood in front of Castor. 
“This is the stance you want when you hear the word attention. You want to be in this position as quickly as you can be, wherever you are, and in the middle of anything you are doing. It does not matter if you have all your clothes on, none, or have your pants only half on. You hit this position and you keep it until you are told either at ease or dismissed.”
Smudge put his face close to Castor’s. Their noses were only a thumb’s-width apart.
“It does not matter it I have the worst breath in the world, or if I yell at you and spit flies into your face. You do not change expression, and you stay silent until you are asked a question. Limit your answers to yes, sir and no, sir, if at all possible. If that is not possible, keep your answer as short and to the point as you can make it. You leave out all unnecessary information. You answer loudly and clearly, using the proper words. Do you understand me?”
“YES, SIR! SMUDGE!”
“Are you tired?”
“YES, SIR! SMUDGE!”
“No doubt.” Smudge turned and took two steps. Then he turned back to Castor. “At ease.”
Castor looked at Smudge.
“Shift most of your weight to your right foot. Put your left out to shoulder width. Even your weight. Put your hands behind your back, just above your waist. Hold the back of your right hand in your left.” 
Castor made the adjustments as Smudge said them. Smudge walked around him and made a few more for him.
“That is the stance. You are not required to get here as quickly, but best to be brisk about it. You stay in this position until given another order. You listen very carefully to what you are told. It makes no difference if it makes any sense, if it is dangerous, or if you are told to kill someone. You do as you are told, as you are told to do it, and you do not delay about it.” 
Smudge looked at Castor for a moment.
“Unless an officer has something against you, personally … and if they do, you will be brought up on charges … you will, likely, not have to deal with personally uncomfortable situations.” Smudge sat in the chair Castor was in for the test. “There is no command to be let out of this stance, unless you are dismissed or given an order to do something else. For right now … you can relax. Go ahead and sit down if you want. You look like death warmed over.”
Castor did not respond. …but he did sit. He leaned back against the bulkhead.
Smudge went over to him, squatted down, and sat on one heel. Castor would not have to look up far to see him.
“You are going to be pulling double duty for a while,” Smudge said in a low voice. “During the first shift, you will be in what they call Basic. It is really only a bunch of mind games they play to reorganize your brain to be what they want it to be. The A.I. will not be buzzing you during that time. You learn the first time, or they kill you. So, learn quickly and do whatever needs to be done as best you can, without question.
“Second shift,” he continued. “You work for me, here. Third shift, you sleep. Mealtimes are scheduled. The A.I. will tell you where you are supposed to be, and when. Ask it for directions if you do not know how to get there. Learn the locations of everything as quickly as you can, because it will be noted if you take too long. The A.I. will not inform me if you are called somewhere else. Have it guide you to me, so you can let me know if I need to. …which is for anything other than normally scheduled things. The time you will have to get where you need to be is limited. You will be given plenty, at first. That time will decrease, as you are expected to learn your way around the ship. 
“The only time you have more or less to yourself is your sleep shift.
The A.I. will give you any help you ask for, during that time. Be careful what you ask it for. It will keep track and formulate its own conclusions. It will notify security if it concludes that your motives are suspect. Do you know what the consequences are of that notification?”
“I die…?” Castor answered tiredly.
“One way or another … sooner or later … yes. The only way to avoid that is to not allow anything you do or say give any hint of anything other than complete loyalty to the Unity.”
Smudge stayed there for a moment more.
“You scored highly on the aptitude and capability test. You may be more qualified than a bunch of my people already. I do not have much influence over your next few megamin. I have given you all I can to help you survive. The rest is up to you, son.” 
Smudge stood. 
“Ask the A.I. where your rack is. You have about point-seven hectomin before you are called to get ready for Basic. You will have one decamin between the call and when you are expected to be there. In that time, you can do what you need to do when you normally wake up. You may have enough time for breakfast. You can instruct the A.I to wake you earlier, to give you more time, or later, if you can get ready quickly, once you get better settled into the routine. Since you are not familiar with the way Unity measures time, have the A.I. train you when you are able. You are dismissed.”
Smudge got up and walked away before Castor could say anything.
If he lives … he may very well become a credit to this department. But there is nothing else I can do for him. …not until he is done with Basic.

***** 



Part 2

A Present Misremembered 
 
Chapter 9
Establishing foundations – Unity 

Grav-drive combat vehicles were basically a three-dimensional maze to open and work on. 
Because they only had mockgrav drives, each of the three axes had four rings of shield generator pods. Three of those rings could have been used for either of two axes. Rather than perpetuate the possibility of conflicting usage on those axes, those rings were doubled up, one on either side of the line a single ring would have been. From there, all the rings were doubled on the aft side, even the already doubled ones, to aide with propulsion and maneuvering. Every ring was anchored to the fighter hull, held away from the hull by fifteen centimeter supports. The supports and rings enclosed the cabling to all the pods. Except for where rings crossed, the thirty-two generator pods on each were spaced evenly, all the way around. 
Smudge agreed with Castor that they could have been designed better. Even though their hulls were four meters in diameter, because the pod-rings were configured as they were, setting them in their cradles took accuracy that only the A.I. could achieve. 
And those were only the Harriers. …the GCV1s. The Strikers, the GCV2s, were twice as big. Whoever designed those had the shield rings twice as far away from the hull. …like they had just started out the design by multiplying everything about the GCV1s by two. But they had to be bigger, so they could carry missiles. The four tubes stuck out from the hull at convenient points between all the ring sections. 
While the Intimidators, the GCV3s, were about halfway between the two others in size, it had twice as many pod-rings, like the Strikers. …as far away from the hull as with the Strikers. The Intimidators could only carry four missiles. …as opposed to the Striker’s twenty. Which was still another huge advantage over the Harriers, which could not carry any. The Intimidators were even faster than the Harriers, since they had so many grav-drive pods. But, even having as many pods as the Intimidator, because a Striker carried so much more weight, it was even slower than the Harrier.
So … with all those rings … invariably, some would get crunched, somehow. Even if it was only a small bend, it would have an adverse effect on both the GCV’s handling and the effectiveness of its shielding. The Pit … as the Fighter Maintenance people affectionately called it … always had more than a few of the various GCVs up on racks needing ring work. 
The biggest design problem with working on the GCVs, as far as Castor was concerned, was if anything needed to be done on the inside systems. Access hatches to the guts of the flyers were on the outside of the hull. To get at them, removing a number of the ring sections, with their internal cabling. was always required. …which was difficult, at the very best.
It almost like they built them with the assumption that the ship is going to be destroyed anyway, and not actually need any kind of repair.
Sometime, during the last few megamin, Castor had learned that Smudge’s name was actually Albert Watte. …which Smudge disliked intensely. …and which only the Unity ever used. The pilots called him Chief. Smudge’s crew called him Smudge. …mostly because he was in the guts of things just as much as his team, and was always smeared with gear lubricants, gels, dust, and everything else that could rub off on you as you crawled into the tough to reach places needing repair in a warship, as he and his top people were often called to do. And he was one of the best systems repair people Castor had ever seen.
Smudge felt the same way about Castor. Subsequently, Castor was given the more problematic repair requests when they came up. They often worked together on those. …much to the dismay of Joshua Zak. 
…who prefers to be called JZ.
JZ had no significant rank, but he felt that he should be second in charge of the pit crew. …and he acted like it. His attitude toward Castor was obvious. …as was his attitude toward Smudge. 
If JZ’s nose was any farther up Smudge’s butt, JZ would have rings around his ankles. Smudge has already said that he has had to use a clog-remover tool from ship maintenance to remove him, when JZ got deep enough that it started making him walk funny. 

*****

Castor’s wrist unit alerted him. 
“Hail from Chief Watte.”
“Yes, Chief!”
“If that is you, that I can only see your legs, lift a foot.”
Castor lifted a foot and waggled it. He was practically upside-down, hanging into the upper hull of a Striker.
“Okay. That is you.”
“What can I do for you, Chief?”
“Do not climb out. I only have a theoretical question for you.”
Ha. That means it is either an on-the-spot test, or someone is having a problem.
“Shoot.”
Smudge told Castor about the malfunction, and then asked him what his diagnosis was.
“What does rerouting do?”
“Rerouting the controls does not fix it. They are just dead. What do you think?” Smudge had added.
“Okay, Chief,” Castor started, with a strained voice, trying to reach in just a little farther. “If this is a test, it is not a good one.”
“You sound confident. Would you not like to see the boards first?”
And that meant that someone was definitely having a problem. He decided to make his answer short and to the point. Smudge probably already knew what the problem was. 
…which means that he asked me only to make a point to someone.
“Check the coupling at the power converter. It works better if it is plugged in.”
“Did you check the power coupler?” Castor hear him ask someone.
“No. But that…”
“Check it.”
That was JZ Smudge was talking to.
…wonderful… Castor had thought. …why did it have to be him…? JZ hates me to begin with. He has only mediocre mechanical skills. Hardly anything for diagnostics. And no leadership skills, whatsoever. His only value is that he is enthusiastic. …but that still is not saying much. His extremely overblown sense of self-worth makes him … difficult … at best. He can use big words to explain menial concepts, so he sounds like he knows a lot. But he cannot actually apply those concepts to his own work. So, it is more just for show and trying to impress Smudge and the Unity that he does it. …thinking that they must be stupid not to see it. But Smudge recognizes that. …which means that the Unity do, as well. …and that means that JZ will never go anywhere, unless it is to take a long walk out of a short airlock.
It was only a little while before Smudge hailed him again.
“That was it. As you said … it works a whole lot better if you plug it in. One of these days, I am going to have to decide on a permanent solution to his problem.”
“You are on your own for that one, Chief. I have no suggestion I can give you. …through any acceptable form of communication. …ever. …were I you, however, I would not consider the pleasure drones as one of those options.”
“There is that. When he becomes a liability … I will consider the few remaining.”
When … not if, he said. He must already consider JZ less than useful. …which is really not that much of a leap.

*****

Castor kept finding the causes of the problems reported. Once he found them, he fixed them. Some were easier to find than others. 
…just like what motivates people. Smudge does his job. His motivation is having everything in the best working condition that it can be. It does not matter what the Unity think. …or … at least … that is not his priority. If everything works right, then what they think falls in place. I can easily understand that line of reasoning. If I do my job well, then what Smudge thinks falls into place. Unity, then, will not matter. Humans…
Humans. 
…as opposed to the Unity. 
That was an easy concept to get straight. 
While Castor remembered something, back on Meridian, about the Unity being human clones, no one here actually thought of them in those terms. No one knew what the Unity thought about themselves, other than that they considered themselves far above humans. 
…or maybe it is just that they consider themselves the only real people, and the rest of us humans as so much trash.
The Unity were rarely seen. But, even then, they talked to no one other than their most senior human officers. 
And no one ever talked about them, except in the most general terms. The Unity and their policies were never questioned. …much less criticized.
They were the Unity. 
They were better. 
…more. 
…more powerful.
They had the power of life and death in their hands. And that power was not to be underestimated. They could cut a man in half just by waving their hand at them. 
The Unity were very clearly recognizable. They were the only ones who wore biosuits. …and the billowing cloaks of those neon-yellow suits could be seen very easily. Even if they were standing still, their cloaks were blowing at an angle behind them, as if there was a breeze. …which did not exist on a starship. …which meant that each one carried their breeze-maker with them.
You did not want to be standing in their way, however, if you were so unlucky as to be somewhere at the same time any of them were. 

***** 

Chapter 10

Castor had transferred GCVs between the hangar and the Pit. The two bays were on opposite sides of the ship, and there was no way through the ship to get them from one to the other. In doing so, he saw the two other large ships. …the Escort and the Wellship. While the general design of all the Unity’s warships was remarkably similar in structure, varying chiefly in size and function, there were a few striking differences.
Of the ships larger than the GCV Strikers, Castor found there were five. From the smallest to the largest, they were a Shuttle, a Hauler, the G-Well Generator, the Escort, and the Carrier. 
Smudge had worked on them all.
The ship they were on was a Carrier. Its only function was the upkeep and transport of a large number of GCVs. 
The Wellship, being the middle sized of the three, was covered with gravity modulation pods of two sizes. The very large ones were spaced regularly around the ship’s surface. The bases of those pods were lined with smaller ones. Castor found that the two sets of pods worked in direct opposition of each other. The smaller normal shielding-pods, forming the inner layer, pulled everything away from the ship. The well-pods, forming the much thicker outer layer, emulated a large planet, pulling everything toward the ship. That outer layer was the motivational force that allowed the GCVs to function and maneuver.
Think about it this way… GCVs use modulated gravity to move. But trying to move in zero-g accomplishes nothing. You can move all around, but you will not go anywhere, unless you can push off something else. All you can do is flail your limbs. …which might turn you in a different direction, if you do it right. GCVs do not have limbs to move independently. Using mockgrav drives, you have to have something to either push or pull against to get from here to there … wherever here and there are … as long as they are inside a gravity well. …like a planet or a ship that emulates one. If you move beyond the boundary of the well, then you can only drift. Maneuvering ability is more capable, the closer you are to the well. Less so, the farther you are from it.
…which would make it seem like reactor drives … ion engines, like the shuttles, haulers and bigger ships have, that work between planets … would be more convenient. …except that, in addition to the shielding, you now have to have both the ion-drives and carry the fuel for them. …and they are nowhere near as maneuverable, having to jet in one direction to be able to move in the opposite. …and you cannot use ion-drives inside an atmosphere. 
Craft store fuel efficiently by converting everything to mercury, and then converting it back to fuel for the engines. …but mercury’s advantage is its disadvantage. Being liquid at normal temperatures, it will unbalance the weight during a turn unless it is extremely baffled, taking available space from the fuel. While maneuvering when carrying a liquid is easier with mockgrav, it also takes more equipment and uses more power. …ultimately, requiring more fuel.
It is not even more convenient when converting the mercury to a solid. You have to keep it frozen … which is not exactly hard in space … but then you have to have control over how much you can melt, and then have that little bit in the right place available to route it to the converter so it can turn it into reactor fuel. As the solid mass shrinks, now you have to keep moving it to keep it where you can get at the melted bit. And then there are the drives, themselves. …which, all things considered, would seem to require the craft to be the same size as a shuttle. While shuttles have their uses, they cannot fight effectively against the smallest swarm of GCVs.
The smallest of the larger ships was the Escort. It had a gun. …a large one. It shot a huge photon wad, generated and accelerated to nearly one-quarter light speed from a tube large enough to fly two stacked haulers into for a short distance. The tube started as a pinpoint near the hull on the opposite side from the outlet. It ran through the very center, geographically, of the ship. The A.I. kept the rest of the ship’s weight balanced around the tube. The placement and weight distribution were supposed to minimize the stress and the effect on the Escort’s direction of travel, from firing the weapon.
Although he kept his opinion to himself, Castor could not imagine what they were thinking when they designed the Escort. Its only real purpose was to protect the Well and the Carrier from larger craft. Its limitations were no less than phenomenal. They had to be able to maneuver to aim their weapon, because the acceleration tube did not extend outside the exterior hull except for only a very minimum distance. Considering the power output and backlash, the ship would not survive firing it once, were it an external weapon. …which really meant that the weapon should probably have been much smaller to begin with.
Even against another shielded Escort, it would be like swatting a fly with a house. …even if the size differential is a gross exaggeration. The wad is really only slightly smaller than the muzzle-end diameter, when it leaves the tube. …which is about five percent of the Escort’s diameter. …about one-point-six percent of the ship’s circumference at its equator. Photon wads, once free of the weapon tube, will disregard ship shields. Photons are light. Light is only marginally affected by gravity.
The only upside to the Escorts was that they are incredibly well shielded. The overlap of the pod fields was something close to five-hundred percent.
Escorts could not fire their gun with their shields covering the muzzle. The wad would start to disperse once it hit shielding. The half-life of the wad was not a factor going into shields, and then hitting a ship. But once the wad got out of the Escort’s shields, the distance before it got to the enemy made it ineffective. 
Because of that limitation, Escorts are only useful at long distances, and they can only be used against other large ships at interplanetary distances, or initially at a swarm of incoming fighters that might not be able to get out of the way in time. …which is also unlikely.
None of the ships could move with their ion-drives unless those drive outlet vents were exposed. Carriers could not launch GCVs with the shields covering the bays.
Castor learned everything he could about all the ships. …he might have to work on one of them, sometime, with Smudge.
For the GCVs, all normal maintenance and repair was done in open cradles. When a GCV was transferred to the Pit, it was usually either brought straight in, limping, by its pilot, or hauled in with a tug. 
The tugs were very small. They had their own drives, but … if they were hauling something the size of a Striker or larger … they had the capability to connect to whatever it was and override all its controls. As long as it was not the ship’s mockgrav drives that had the problem, the tugs could utilize those drives to help it get to where they needed it to be. If the GCV mockgravs were out, then the tug had to push the ship while the ship’s weight was neutralized.

*****

Castor had flown a tug. They were … not exciting. He really wanted to try to fly a fighter. Smudge could see that clearly.
“Why would you ever want to be in one of those? You have seen the way they come in. Half of them are not worth recovering. All they can do is just provide the mass … along with its pilot … so we can build another.” 
Smudge considered his new Second. Castor was very good. He had learned fast and moved through the ranks quickly. The tests were based on how well they could do their jobs. 
You would have thought that Zak would have withdrawn some when he was bypassed. Instead, he has become more enthusiastically active to gain my approval for things that have nothing, whatsoever, to so with his job. He has a certain level of competency … slightly lower than the rest of my team. He is, however, enthusiastic. But all the misdirected enthusiasm in the universe is not a substitute for competency.
“I…” 
Smudge could see that Castor was deciding to choose his words carefully. Discussing their lives prior to being brought to a Unity ship was forbidden. The A.I. would be relentless in teaching that lesson. 
“…know how to fly. Space is … unconfined.” …which was about all Castor could say about how and when he had flown.
Smudge looked at Castor. He knew how Castor felt. Before being taken by the Unity, Smudge had a life … on a little planet call Midway that had to rely on its tech, too. He had known how to fly, as well. And he was darned good at it. But rather than kill his own people directly, he had chosen … to kill them … indirectly. …was what it all boiled down to. No. He was not flying a GCV. But he was fixing them when they needed it, making those death deliverers able to kill more people.
Do I like it? No.
Do I like being responsible for people dying? No.
Do I like being alive? Considering that the alternative is being dead, along with the perks we have available while I am alive… Yes.
Castor had come a long way, in Smudge’s view, since he first came to the Pit. But he could easily tell that Castor was … controlled. He was controlling himself … with an iron fist. He was holding himself in only for as long as he had to. And when the time came … he would break free.
Smudge knew this because he had been the same way for a very long time. 
…but I am too old, now. I will not be going anywhere. Even if I got the chance … there would be little I could do. And by helping Unity for so long … all that blood is on my hands, too. At this point … I am only a lost cause. This, here, is all I am worth. And my soul is forfeit for it. But Castor’s … maybe I can nudge him a little closer toward the chance that I never had. …that I never had the force of will to create for myself. 
When he finally breaks free… The only real question is when. Not if. …because he will. You can see it in his eyes. Then it is only a matter of preventing his death at his own hands. And that … may be the most difficult and dangerous thing that I will ever attempt.
“The people who fly these … die. They have a production line, putting out these things on a constant basis. The pilots who bring theirs in are the lucky ones.”
“Then how are there so many pilots?” Castor had asked.
“They get assigned. Just like you did, here. Not everyone has the intestinal fortitude to be a Grounder. Killing like they do takes … a complete dislocation of emotion and compassion. You know how it is… If someone has no other use, they become a pleasure drone, a mop, a pilot, or dead. …in that order. When the drones are old enough to become deadweight, they become mops. When mops become old enough, they become combat pilots. Become a pilot, and you are dead already. There is not much difference between the two. There are so many because they are expendable and easy to replace. …just like the GCVs.”
“Understood, Chief. But I can fly them.”
“You are sure…”
“Yes.”
Something will happen. If Castor does not do it, himself, then Zak will cause it, somehow. There will be one winner and one loser. The loser will be me, because I will be out a very competent second in command. The winner will only be Castor. …although he may not consider it so. There is … only one way out … alive … for him.
“Then I will assign you the additional … and let me stress, additional … duty of taking the ones out we have fixed for test runs. You will be on that team too. Normal rotation. …as long as it does not interfere with your work, here.”
Castor nodded. 
Of course, Castor was never going to be a combat pilot. That was a given. He was assigned to the Pit. Assignments did not change. 
…that is not entirely true. They can. …and not just by stepping into a lower status. …but only on very rare occasions. 
It would be good for him to be in the flight chair of something that did not maneuver like a thrown wrench. …and it will give him the illusion of just a little more freedom. Maybe that will be enough for him. Maybe the universe will conspire to find a way to put him somewhere else. …although … there is only a very slight chance that somewhere else will be somewhere other than dead.

*****

To fly a GCV, you needed a flight suit. The suits sounded impressive, but they were mostly just to keep you pressurized. …under the assumption that the fighter was holed, and that the pilot somehow managed to avoid being so, was well. 
All the controls were enhanced reality. …which meant that you were strapped into the chair, and everything was done wearing the gloves and helmet. Switches could not be broken, because they did not exist anywhere but inside what you saw by way of the helmet. Wire buried in the hull could not short, unless that was the exact place something passed through the hull. …which the A.I.’s multiple redundancy and auto-cutoffs tended to avoid, as well. As long as the minimized portion of the A.I. was active, then you kept as much control of the GCV as the exterior of it allowed.
It took Castor a little longer than most to be able to fly a GCV. He was still in the habit of having physical substance and resistance to work with and against. …he kept missing the controls.
This did not count against him, however. He knew the board well and was reaching for the controls that he should. He just kept moving through and past those controls in any situation that needed an immediate response from him. According to the A.I., because of the nature of his errors, these mistakes were simply proof that he was quite familiar with flying, and that he ranked highly in emergency problem-solving skills. 
“You have been selected for behavior modification training,” the A.I. told him.
Behavior modification training was a concept Castor had already worked with. …it was the same training that had taught him how to speak correctly and clearly. …along with how to judge time.
His wrist unit zapped him until he was able to gage the distances to the switches and buttons accurately. It still took a number of kilomin before he got to that point, though. Occasionally, his muscles would still be reacting to the jolts when he finally had enough and exited the trainer pod.

***** 

Chapter 11

Castor was bringing a GCV1 around to the Pit. The grav-drive functioned … mostly … but the regular shielding was shot. The craft had slammed a GCV2 during combat training. Strikers have heftier shields than Harriers, and the contact was made at the starboard side band junction. …which was now crushed from the backlash of the shield contact. The set of bands that met at the sides were mostly the shielding. The ones that met in the front and back were for the mockgrav drive. The set that met at the top and the bottom could be used as either. …part of the built-in redundancies. So, it had minimal shields. …not much. Some of the vertical bands had been damaged, too, because they crossed the crushed junction, as well.
Once a regular shielding ring was damaged, it could, depending on where the damage was, take out the whole system. The drive rings were much sturdier. …which, Smudge had made very clear … without exactly saying so … showed where the priorities lay from the design of the craft.
Looping around the Carrier, Castor saw the planet. It was largely blue with clouds. There was one continent he could see on this side. Which planet it might be … would not make any difference. He was reasonably sure it was not Meridian. Meridian had two moons. This planet had none. …unless one happened to be on the far side, at this particular time. No information was available on this one. …at least for him. He had asked when he saw it the first time that he had been moving fighters between the Pit and the Bay. All the A.I. had said was that he did not have sufficient rating or rank to access that information.
He did not ask again. …or say anything else about it. The A.I. would keep track.
Castor had the crippled fighter about halfway around the Carrier when he got the alert that a Rajinista ship had entered the area. 
“Project view! Focus Rajinistas! Magnify!”
They were close. He could see a small swarm of their fighters launch. He had heard about them, but he had never seen any of them.
They looked odd. …and they were outside of the gravity well. 
They must be using ion-drives. …which will make them less maneuverable.
Castor was familiar with the drill and the timing of getting fighters battle ready. He’d asked the A.I. It had answered, apparently not finding his question out of order.
He could also see the numbers concerning the incoming fighters.
By the time any of the Unity fighters launch, the Rajinista craft will already be here. If they keep the Carrier from launching fighters, we could lose the fleet.
The Well was powered up. The Well was always up, if their worm-drives were not active. …or about to be. It would be fairly well protected, simply because it was what it was. 
The Escort would not be a help unless the Rajinista ship stayed close and none of their fighters were concerned with it. But with ion-drive fighters, it did not need to be near. As long as the Rajinista ship stayed at that distance, it would be able to maneuver out of the way of anything fired at it. The Escort would not move out of range of Unity’s fighters. If any of the Rajinista fighters were allowed to attack it, it would have to remain shielded, or leave itself open to damage to its shields, engines, or weapon. 
The Carrier would only be protected by the fighters it would launch. It could protect itself with its shields up, but it would not be able to launch fighters, then. And there was only so many of those that it could launch at a time.
Between them all, their only real weakness was not having fighters out right now. 
Castor knew all of this. …because he had done tons of research on all the ships that Unity had. If there was the slightest chance that he might have to work on one, then he needed to know. …and it helped him to advance through the ranks.
And right now, the only fighter that was out … was the one he was in. It would be a few min before any others would launch. The pilots would have been called to stations the second the Rajinista ship appeared. …but they would have to get suited and strapped into the fighters before they could leave the Carrier. …and by that time, the Rajinista fighters could lock it up and attack the fleet with impunity.
So, I am the only one out here. Theoretically … with the shields down on this thing … that should leave more power available for the drive and maneuvering. …as long as the Well stays up.
Castor turned his Harrier to meet the swarm.
Remember. No shields. One hit, you are likely done.
“Unity Harrier. Return to the 8r7.vr2.”
Castor hit the comm switch.
“I am already out here. By the time the fighters launch, there might be nothing left to protect.”
“That is an or…”
Castor shut the comm system down.
A line of bolts from the Rajinista fighters flew out at him.
Remember where the controls are. Right hand, direction. Left hand, throttle. Wants to go in a left-hand circle.
He pulled the stick back and to the left. 
There was no resistance. 
The controls were all virtual.
Everything in the cockpit was virtual, channeled through the helmet that completely enclosed his head. 
He was locked firmly into the pilot’s couch. While his thighs were locked in, his feet were free for the various virtual pedal controls. He could straighten his knees to reach different ones. His upper arms were locked in, as were his head and torso. He could raise or lower his hands to reach the rest, or he could move them from side to side a little. Anything not reachable virtually was taken care of by the A.I. by vocal command or its own logic.
As far as his eyes were concerned, the view was straight ahead. What his eyes saw was determined by which way the muscles in his neck tried to move. Many people would get nauseous with what they were seeing sliding around in front of them. It did not bother Castor, as he was mostly running numbers and not relying entirely on his eyes.
His fighter looped up and left, and around. 
He straightened the Harrier, targeted the one in front of him and let a stream of bolts fly. 
He pulled down and to the left, locked the fighter into his targeting system, and switched the weapons system to manual.
With a quick starboard loop, he was behind the fighter that was pulling up to find him.
Castor let a short stream of bolts loose, straight at the fighter’s engines.
The numbers flashed in his head. 
Some of the bolts had not been straight in.
But they ricocheted off something … likely the fighter’s shields. But they hit the engine anyway. …which means that they are shielded in a tube. They are likely open in the front to shoot, and open in the back for the engines. At least the rear end of the tube, if not the front as well, is extended. That narrows the effective strike range. …but it also adds a small section that will send the bolts into the fighter, which is just as dangerous for them. 
A quick loop up and left again. 
Bolts flew past his view screen.
He checked the view behind. 
One was coming up into position.
Castor killed the forward thrust and flipped the Harrier quickly, loosing another stream of bolts, throwing them straight into its nose, before it could fire its own guns again. Castor flipped his fighter back over, hit the throttle, and pulled left. 
The Rajinista fighter exploded. 
There is converted fuel in the front of the hull.
The back end shot backwards and took out the fighter directly behind it.
The shields are definitely a tube. Keep that in mind.
He partially flipped his fighter and pushed the forward thrust to maximum. 
He pulled down into a vertical loop and let another slew of bolts fly at a fighter that had kept on toward the Carrier. 
Castor was already pulling up and to the right as more bolts flew past him. He did not see the one prior fighter’s engines go dark, but he knew they would. He had hit them squarely.
He killed the thrust and flipped the Harrier again.
Another half second, having the trigger pressed sent multiple dozens of bolts flying toward another fighter.
He did not wait to see the result of this one either, but he pushed his engines to the maximum and pulled up and right. 
It was a wide turn. …but he could not constantly turn left. They would see that limitation and take advantage of it.
He checked the relative positions of all the Rajinistas while he held the stick back and right. 
The one was inactive. But its momentum was going to take it straight into the Carrier’s shields. …if they were not launching at that time. 
It shot missiles at the Carrier.
The crippled fighter would ram the Carrier’s shields. Shooting missiles at it only ensured that those shields would be up.
But that will also prevent a launch. I am still alone out here.
The remaining five were close. They were concentrating on him.
Good!
He kicked the thrusters down, flipped, and kicked them up again, doing a quick calculation.
This is going to be real close. But if they take my bait…
Two fighters, one on either side, started firing a steady stream at him.
Castor went down a little. …then up just a tad. 
He pushed the thrusters to maximum, flipping the Harrier up and to the left.
His fighter shot out from directly between the two enemy craft, as their bolts each struck the other. 
Both ships were holed. Castor did not fire a shot.
He let loose another stream and went up and right. 
Another fighter died.
Bolts flash past in front of him. 
A warning flashed on the side of his view.
The shield segments are completely down. 
He killed the thrust, flipping the Harrier, and pressed the trigger.
Without stopping the flip, he ended up facing the last fighter.
It was about to ram him, curling up from below. 
Castor pulled hard left and back. 
He kicked the mockgrav to max again and ended up behind the fighter as it climbed. 
Bolts came out of nowhere and skewered the Rajinista fighter. 
Castor checked. The Rajinista mothership was leaving.
Intimidators came up on either side of Castor’s Harrier.
He flipped on the comm system.
The entire skirmish had not lasted a min.
“…dered to escort you to the Maintenance bay. Acknowledge.”
“Acknowledged, Intimidator.”
It was less than a decimin before Castor’s fighter entered the Pit.
Castor positioned the fighter over a vacant cradle and let the A.I. set it down. When the clamps were in position, he popped the hatch lock and belt releases, and shut down all the power to the fighter. He removed the helmet and gloves, putting them on their stands, then crawled down to the hatchway below the pilot’s couch and opened it.
Part of the cradle was an access ladder, put into place or moved by the presence or absence of the fighter’s weight in that cradle.
It was an easy swing onto the ladder. He went down, facing the stairs.
As he stepped off the ladder onto the floor, Castor felt something sharp bite into his back. His bare hand clamped hard onto the rail as all his muscles yanked tight.
When the voltage let him go, he was already unconscious.

*****

“You are guilty of disobeying a direct order from a superior,” the woman said to Castor, as she waved over her aide with the gravlift. 
Castor was on the floor, twitching with spasms resulting from the power surge that had been pushed through him.
It was not intended that he hear the charge. 
It never was. 
It didn’t matter if they did, or not. That was procedure. And the sooner they were neutralized, the better.

*****

Smudge watched as they carted Castor away.
And this is where it was bound to go. No one knew he could fly like that, other than him. No one cared. That is not how the Unity works. And, from here, there is only one outcome. …his trial. …which is an automatic verdict of guilty, without reprieve. There is only one punishment. Death. And there is only one way to keep them from killing him right then and there. …but which is worse? Dying now … or dying later under even worse conditions. At least, he will live to see tomorrow. As long as he is not dead, every tomorrow is another day he might live through to see the next. He will not thank me, though. He will, more likely, curse the day I was born. But this is the only chance for him that there ever was. This was the only thing I could do for him. 
But while the past is written … the future is not. He will be away from the Unity, and he will be alive. That is all the chance he could ever have had. …as long as they grant my request at his trial. Most of the time, they will grant those requests. …but not always.
Smudge looked upward for a moment.
In the hopes that there may be some … something … somewhere … may whatever power there might be in the universe look with favor on you, Castor Efrata-Landeez.

***** 

Chapter 12

The Unity Lord sat on its raised thronelike chair in the Great Hall in the center of the ship. More Unity stood on each end of the ten wide stairs creating the pyramid up to the Lord. Including the Lord, and the one off to the side on the floor, twenty-two Unity were present.
And they were intimidating, even though no flesh could be seen and they were perfectly still. The only movement was the gossamer capes, rippling slowly in a breeze that went otherwise unnoticed.
Castor stood immobilized. The collar he wore locked his joints and overrode all the nerve impulses to his muscles. He could stand. He could move his eyes. He could breathe, blink, hear and think. He could do nothing else.
This … is … insane. I am not a criminal! I saved this fleet. …in a GCV1 with almost no shields!
The Unity on the floor, flattened its hand and made a chopping motion at a slight angle toward a metal post. The top piece separated violently off and flew, spinning, across the hall. People in its path moved out of the way. When it slammed the deck, the resounding clang it made testified as to how solid the post was.
The purpose for the exercise was clear. 
This was the Executioner.
It walked toward Castor.
“Does anyone speak for the accused?”
The Unity Lord’s voice came from everywhere. That was for the benefit of all the humans in the room, along with all those viewing the proceedings. …which was the entire human crew. The humans were always required to watch. Castor had seen a few of these proceedings. There was, almost always, only one charge. Disobeying a Direct Order. If no one spoke for the accused … and, sometimes, even if someone did … there was always only one punishment. Death. The prisoner’s head would be separate from their body … just as easily as the post’s length had been trimmed.
If no one speaks up for me… 
Castor waited with increasing panic as the Executioner approached.
“Lord. I request permission to speak for the accused.”
The Unity Lord tilted its head toward the speaker.
“Albert Watte,” it announced. “Head of Grav-drive Combat Vehicle Repair and Maintenance. Chief. You are recognized. Speak.”
The Executioner stopped and waited.
“Lord. If I may.” Smudge’s voice was small in comparison to the Unity Lord’s. “The accused, Castor Efrata-Landeez, the second in command of my workspace, had volunteered to take on far more duties than the minimum required of him. He excelled at them all. While bringing a malfunctioning GCV1 from the landing bay to my area … a partially crippled GCV1, as its engines were not optimal and it had minimal shields, due to damage it had sustained, he disobeyed a direct order. Therefore, he must be punished. Yes. But while the accused was not trained as a combat pilot, however, he did manage to kill almost an entire Rajinista squadron, single-handedly, in that malfunctioning GCV1. As inexperienced as he is, he killed or disabled all but one, preventing any damage or loss, without sustaining further damage to the fighter he was in. 
“Instead of executing him, my Lord … which I fully understand that he deserves for his disobedience … in view of his continued service far over and above that required, and at the risk of his own life, acting as he felt necessary to save our fleets, even as mistaken as he was, may I please beg that he be remanded to Regia. His execution will eventually be a reality, but it will not be at the hands of those he believed he was keeping from being harmed.” Smudge bowed. “Thank you for your consideration, Lord.”
The Unity Lord was silent for a very short while.
“The accused willfully and blatantly disobeyed a direct order from a superior officer,” the Unity Lord’s voice echoed throughout the ship. “However. Let it be known that, yet again, we are merciful even in the face of the most obvious display of dereliction of duty. The accused is hereby remanded to the prison planet, Regia, for the remainder of his days.”
The Unity Lord waved its hand lightly and the sound of something heavy striking the floor echoed throughout the chamber.

*****

Castor sat. He could move his eyes. The neural inhibitor kept him from doing anything else. His eyes … mostly he just left them closed. 
There was nothing he could do about anything. 
There was nothing all that interesting to see, either, so no reason to look.
He had never thought that killing almost an entire squadron of enemy fighters would be considered far less an item of interest than disobeying the order to return to the dock. It was an incredible … total … lack of perception … at the very least. The little he had seen of the GCV battles, as Smudge had said, most of the Unity pilots died. He had never heard of one GCV … and one headed for repairs, at that … taking on so many and surviving.
One would think that a nobody like me showing up their best combat pilots would have warranted a commendation. But … it was never about winning, was it. It was never about anyone’s accomplishments. It was only ever about control. …their control. It was always only about killing as many non-Unity personnel as possible. …theirs and ours. That is why so many of us … so many people taken from their planets … are killed with so extremely little thought. If they are dead, then they cannot become an enemy. …except that by not being one of The Unity … we are already the enemy. …all of us. …even those who work for them.
So … instead of being given a commendation … he was on his way to Regia. …a prison planet he did not know anything about, other than it was a prison planet. Whatever he was going to find or do there … was … whatever it was he was going to find or do. 
He had no control over any of it.
But I survived the Unity. I will survive Regia. …somehow. …whatever Regia is. …and if I do not … then it is no less than I actually do deserve. …if not in the last six gigamin, then back on Meridian. Mom and Dad must be sure that I am dead by now. If I ever get back there, I will have a story for Mom, to match some of hers, maybe.

***** 

Chapter 13

Castor left his eyes closed the entire time. What was happening outside of his body was not going to make any difference. It was entirely out of his control until they took the inhibitor off. So, nothing mattered. The shuttle could be blown to pieces, and there was not anything he would be able to do about it. 
Other prisoners were brought on.
He paid little attention.
He heard enough to know that they were bound as he was, and they were wearing the same inhibitors.
Some … he heard … were not treated well. Their bodies … if they were interesting … and some were, apparently … were used. 
They could do nothing to prevent it. 
Neither could he.
They would be very aware through whatever it was happening. Castor had no doubts, from what was said, exactly what went on. Whoever it was … was being used sequentially. 
She must be very pretty. But there is not anything she can do about that, any more than I can do about being able to help her. …it is what it is.
Who came on … who left … what happened … who was killed in the process … was not important.
And, to tell the truth, if someone is about to kill me … then I do not really want to know.
He slept as he was able. It was not hard, considering the extremely few things he was allowed by the inhibitor. And it was a good while before the shuttle was to leave.
They would kick him to wake him up, or to get his attention, if his eyes were closed. 
It does not matter. Nothing matters. Cooperate as you can. Maybe you will live to see tomorrow.
At least he was not giving them any resistance. He responded as he could, when he could. Maybe they would count that in his favor.
Every now and then, the crew would release the prisoners, one at a time, to have a few minutes in the biowaste closet. He was not fed. But there was water available there. 
Castor had a turn in the biowaster. The entire time he had his inhibitor deactivated, there was no less than three guns, an inch away from his face. He was allowed in the closet for as long as he needed. When he came out, the guns were in his face again until he was seated in his own little cubicle, strapped in, the inhibitor was reactivated, and the door closed.
It was a while before the guards opened the door and took him out without deactivating the inhibitor. 
We must be at Regia.
A soldier came and removed his wrist unit. The A.I. had to deactivate it via a remote contact temporarily attached to the screen. He was put, unceremoniously, onto a large cart. 
Castor heard the same happening repeatedly.
When the shuttle opened, it was on a planet.
It was night.
…or it does not have a sun.
The cart was dollied out, and everyone on it was put on the ground. There were a number there, side by side, in a line. 
Each prisoner’s inhibitor was adjusted and then removed. 
When they got to Castor, he almost panicked when he stopped breathing. The inhibitor must have been set to surge. It could not have been more than just a decimin. …but it felt like forever before his lungs were able to take air on their own, again.
The guards had said nothing through the entire process. They took the cart back to the shuttle, and it left.
Castor lay there. His mind was fuzzed. He wondered how long it would be before his nerves started to work again.
He tried to move. 
He failed.
A group of people came. Lights were shining back and forth, quickly, in various directions as they came jogging out. Each prisoner was pulled up and put over one of the men’s shoulders. Castor briefly saw that there were a number of women who had strange weapons, with the lights attached to them.
“Damn! What the hell is this thing?!”
“Just carry it.”
“It doesn’t look like it’s got anything on!”
“Just pick it up and carry it. If they dumped it here, then we want it,” the man said who had Castor.
“Mine’s dragging the ground on both ends. Damn, she’s long!”
“Someone help with that! Is she heavy?”
“Lighter’n you’d think. She ain’t got much on, neither.”
“Keep your hands away from everywhere they ought not to be, or you won’t have them for long. She’s aware. And if she decides you need to die later…”
“Damn, Rabid. You want to carry her? I’ll go inside where it’s safe. You can have this one and the one you already got! I got my hands right where they’re supposed to be. But if the sun was up, somebody’d be getting a show.”
The group was becoming a little disorganized with the chatter.
“Someone would be getting’ a show with this one. All it’s got is fur.”
“Fur!”
“Yah. Fur. And she smells like she’s be…”
“Just carry her. And be thankful it’s dark,” Rabid said with more than just a little frustration. “Everyone just shut up and keep moving.”
The ground exploded as something jumped into the air.
There was a dozen double-pops as weapons were fired.
Parts of whatever it was, seemed to explode, sending pieces in various directions. It landed and thrashed on the ground.
Everyone ran as they could for a few dozen steps, toward the wall. Once they were clear, they walked again.
“Sorry about that, new people. But that thing was a burrower. …and right now, it’s in the process of getting eaten by a whole bunch of other things just like it. Hate to jar you, but you’re probably still not feeling much of anything, and we couldn’t stay anywhere near close to there. It’ll serve as a distraction. Some of the others will get attacked and eaten, too. What’s happening back there is a feeding frenzy that you don’t want to see anytime soon. You need to understand what this place is all about, first. …and then you probably won’t ever want to have the chance to see one.”
Lights flashed all over, searching the ground.
“They don’t ever tell us when they’re dumping anyone. …or how many. Sorry if this is uncomfortable, people. The burrowers are more active at night. We have to get you inside quickly. It ain’t easy doing it this way … for you, or us … but it’s the quickest and only way we’ve got.”
So, it is night.
“Rabid! Who the hell you talkin’ to?”
The man carrying Castor, was evidently named Rabid. He was not as tall as Castor was, Castor could tell. Not all that short. But shorter than Castor. And Castor was not all that tall.
“This one. Her. Yours. Any of ‘em that want to listen and can. Right now, this guy can use some info. Yours could, too. But you ain’t giving him any. They can all hear just fine. They just can’t do anything about it.”
He is right about that. Any information he wants to hand out is great. And the only thing I can feel is that it is not so easy to breathe, sometimes.
“I know your nerves are still feeling the inhibitor, so listen close. The wall isn’t entirely stable. Stuff gets in. The Unity don’t allow us to have guns, so we have to watch everywhere for everything. We have knives and multi-shot crossbows. The only way to live here is to be in the community. Everyone watches everyone else’s back.”
“Unless you can run faster than the next person can,” the second man who’d spoken added. “You kinda have to have a lot of next persons to make that work, though, for any length of time. And we figure that one out quick.”
“We have calibar,” Rabid continued, ignoring the person who had spoken. “They glide. They’re mostly a tough jelly. They can’t fly, but they can climb. We’re not worried about those right now, because this is where the Unity land to drop you guys off. We’ve cut the trees pretty far back, and they can’t get this far when they launch. Anyway. Their underside is covered with needle-like teeth. 
“Burrowers stay just under the top of the ground. Only their eyestalks show. Those are thin and look like grass, except the tops are dark and rounded, and they don’t move with the breeze. They’ll jump out of the ground at you, just like that one just did. If they go for a cow or a sheep … those are a wider target than people they’ll take as many bites as they want. Their teeth have a neurotoxin. The big ones will go straight up and swallow you whole when they come down. We call that a face down.”
“Tell him what that’s like.”
Rabid stumbled abruptly. He went down on one knee, driving his shoulder into Castor’s stomach. Castor’s feet hit the ground. It did not hurt. It only jarred him. His nerves were still gone. 
“Shut up!” someone else hissed.
Castor could tell Rabid was looking around quickly. His breathing had changed.
Rabid pushed back up after only a short hesitation, bounced Castor back to a better grip, and started off again, catching up. The rest of his group had not waited for him.
“Those are the two main ones.” He continued as if he hadn’t missed a step. “Sulfurants are crawling bugs. They’re small, but they’re very fast. They have pinchers and stingers. Their nests are dips in the ground. If you’re paying attention, they smell like rotten eggs when you get close to one. Step in a nest and it’ll cave in. They’ll swarm you. They have a neurotoxin, too. They’ll get inside you and eat you from the inside out, taking all the little pieces back to their nest.
“Hoarlings are little ground-crawler parasites. You can’t see them beforehand. You can’t tell where they are. But you can tell where they’re not. …and that’s anywhere around a burrower’s tunnel or a sulfurant nest. They like to hang around the bases of trees. They attach to burrowers, when they climb a tree. Burrowers will usually go up a tree to digest. Or the hoarlings will attach to calibar that are climbing to get up to where they can launch. But they could be just about anywhere going from one spot to the next to trying to find something they can grab. We wear special boots to guard against those. We always take our boots off close to a fire, and shake ‘em out over it. That way, they can’t get to our legs, and they can’t stick to the boots. If they attach to anything, they’ll lay eggs under the skin. The larva will usually kill whatever it is they’ve hatched in, eating and growing and eating more, until they can burst whatever it is and swarm out. Most things can’t digest hoarlings before they can lay eggs, so most stuff … except for sulfurants …will stay clear of them, if they can.”
They reached the compound. One of the guys shining his light back the way they came, knocked four times on a heavy door, slowly and evenly spaced.
The door opened. They went in quickly and the door slammed shut again, as soon as the last one said he was the last.
Rabid set Castor down, more or less gently, against a wall. 
“Check ‘em for hoarlings. Quick!”
“Rabid. You do this one. I’ll check yours.”
There was a very short pause.
“Fine. Just get to him quick.” Another very short pause. “Ma’am. I’m sorry. I need to check your arms and legs. You heard me talking about the hoarlings.” 
There was a light rubbing sound.
“All this … fur…” 
That wasn’t Rabid.
“I’ll check her, too when I’m done with this one. She’s pretty white, so it’s easy to see.”
Castor’s arms and legs were rubbed down the outside. A light was shone directly at a few places. Then his neckline was checked, and his hair.
“What are those? Feathers?” one of the other men called.
“Yah.” Rabid answered. “Very small ones. Ma’am. I need to lift your arms. I’m pretty sure your legs are clean, so I’m not gonna … look … higher. They won’t go in. You’ll need to check there as soon as you can, though. I do need to check your back. Pretty sure your front’s clear, too. Crap! Bring the bucket! I’ve got one here!”
Quick footsteps. A soft thunk.
“Okay. This is what one looks like. You should be good from here. I’ll show everyone else when I’m done. Ma’am. When the inhibitor wears off, you should be able to check everywhere I didn’t. As long as they’re still crawling, they should just brush right off. Brush ‘em into the bucket, and we’ll dump ‘em into the fire.”
Another short pause.
“Okay. All this fur is making it real hard to see.” Rabid said. “Female. Okay. Ma’am. I don’t know if you can understand me or not. I’m really trying not to get too familiar, but I gotta make sure.” There was a pause before he continued. “Ma’am. Please keep in mind that it was the Unity people what did … what they absolutely should not have done to you. We have showers, so, you can clean yourself up. You’ll need to check there for hoarlings. I’m … not going to add to the … disrespect … you’ve been subject to.” There was another pause. “You should be good, but you were on the ground for a while. …and this is the first time I’ve had to look through … fur. Please understand that I’m only trying to help. The way … I don’t know if that’s a mane or just the way your hair is…”
There was a short pause. 
“Yep. Got another. Up in her hair.”
Footsteps another soft thunk.
“Sorry if this reflects back into your eyes. I can’t judge the angle you need. This is what they look like. Okay? I’m going to lean you up against the wall here. I’m really trying to be careful.”
There was a brief dragging sound.
“These are all good.”
“I’m assuming no one knows anybody else, here, so we’re spacing you along the wall. Your nerves are going to feel like they’re on fire as the inhibitor wears off. The sooner you get up and walk, the sooner it’ll stop. Running in place for a half a minute, or so, will help … as long as you can keep your balance doing it. Start slow, with your hands against the wall if you’re wobbly.”
“I don’t know why you go through this every time. The more people we have, the less each of us gets.”
Rabid continued to face the wall as he answered. “Because the more people we have, the better the chances of each of us staying alive.”
“Says the guy who got out of a burrower at a million-to-one odds.”
Castor could only see the lower part of Rabid’s legs. Something slammed the wall.
“Damn! Can’t you keep your mouth shut! We gotta get outta here, or he’s gonna start slamming us!”
Castor heard a low growl. The voice jerked every time the wall was slammed.
“Shit! He’s goin’ off! Leave the bucket! Run! Now!”
Footsteps pounded away.
Whatever it was that was hitting the wall, slammed it three more times.
Castor heard heavy breathing.
Rabid’s feet were still where Castor could see them.
Castor’s hands started to tingle.
“…got … … go…” 
Castor could tell that the words were forced through Rabid’s tightly clenched teeth. It had almost been a growl.
Rabid’s legs moved like he might have hit the wall with his fist, as a loud bang resulted. Then he loped out the door that the guard managed to open only just before Rabid got there. 
It was not long before Castor’s legs started to burn.
He could move his feet. …a little. It took a monumental effort, but he managed to push himself up on one elbow. 
The only ones closest around him were still laying on the ground. A few were leaned against the wall.
He twisted around so he could see the wall above where he was laying. 
There were shiny red splotches in a number of places.
Every movement, no matter how small it was, sent what felt like fire through him. …just as Rabid had said. Likely the others were feeling the same.
Some of the others were starting to move. There were about a dozen people, at quick glance. …more men than women. A few looked like soldiers. They all wore thin sleeveless coveralls, as he did. 
One looked kind of like a human … obviously female … with what must be feline DNA mixed in. She was the one with the fur. Spotted fur. Her claws were out. She was pulling at the cement floor. She had black spots on goldish-brown. She looked like it might have been leopard DNA. 
No. We had large cats on Meridian. Leopard spots are little clusters. Cheetah spots are solid. Hers are solid. If she is cheetah, she will be very fast.
Her ribcage looked like it was a little overly deep … from front to back … but her waist was small. The bottom of her ribcage and the tops of her hips were clearly outlined underneath the fur. She was small, and slightly shorter than he was, but she looked long. Her dark auburn hair hung loose around her shoulders. He could see why it might have been considered a mane. But only male lions had manes, and she was definitely a she. While her rib cage might be a little big, her four breasts were decidedly not. And while those might be covered with fur, that was, unmistakably, what and how many they were.
There was … the long woman the one carrier had mentioned…
Castor had never seen anyone like this before, either. She might be more human than the cheetah-girl. But she had some strange and different DNA mixed in. 
He said something about feathers. Must be some kind of bird DNA.
Her hair was across her thin face as she lay on the floor. She was long and very … narrow. …like she had been stretched. She had not started to move yet.
Castor fought to stand.
He staggered over to the thin girl. 
His nerves burned.
Her hair was not white as much as it was nearly transparent.
“Do you need help to stand,” he offered slowly.
He was pushed to the side. It took him a little while to catch his breath. …and to stand up again.
The cheetah-girl stood between him and the … thin-girl. Her teeth and claws were bared. Her hands were open and out at her sides, ready to swing at him if he came closer. Her fingers were short, the knuckles pronounced.
She looks like she could take my head off with one swipe, leaving my neck in ribbons.
Castor slowly raised his hands, palms forward, to shoulder level. 
“I will help the others.”
The cheetah-girl hissed at him. She showed long and pointed teeth. The canines were pronounced. …easily five times as long as the other front ones.
After he had gotten most of the people standing or leaning against the wall, he saw the cheetah-girl pick up the thin one. She was gentle as she stood the thin-girl on her feet. The thin-girl was her full head and shoulders taller than Castor. …nearly a third-again taller than the cheetah-girl, who would fit easily under the thin-girl’s outstretched arm. 
Castor had all the others on their feet. One of the women looked like she had been at hard and heavy work for a long time. Her arms were bigger than Castor’s. Two others, a man and a woman, looked like they might have been pleasure drones, who had just had the misfortune of growing old enough to become undesirable and likely unused. The rest … who knew what they had been and done.
“Did you hear Rabid speak about the dangers here?” Castor asked the group. 
The humans all nodded, looking pained.
A few of the men started a slow jog-in-place.
“Do you understand me,” he asked the cheetah-girl … I do not know what to call you …?”
“She is Moriah,” the thin-girl said as she removed the gossamer cloth she wore and handed it to … Moriah. 
Castor did not jump, but the fact that her voice was higher than he expected had startled him.
Moriah scrubbed between her legs with the cloth, as she growled. 
“I am Triillian.” The thin-girl sat without trying to cover herself. “She understands you. She and I have been together for a long time. Moriah can speak, too, but I am the only one who understands what she says. …when she chooses to say anything.”
Triillian’s voice was almost melodic. Her head tilted and swayed constantly as she spoke. Her hands were never still. She dropped them, once, and they nearly reached to her knees. In addition to her thin arms being abnormally long, her fingers were, as well. Castor noted that her hands had only three fingers in the normal direction, the fourth on each went in the opposite direction.
No. That is not accurate. When she moved her hand once, all four fingers were in different directions. …like she might have two fingers and two thumbs on each hand. I think I remember something about some of the hunter birds of the south coast were like that. It looks like she keeps her fingers three-and-one, most of the time.
Her feet were long and narrow, but they appeared to be more or less normal, other than that. Castor could not tell right off if she had four or five toes.
Her eyes … were a very penetrating ice blue. 
“Our keepers knew she could talk. They forced her to speak. But they assumed that she had no intelligence. It was probably better that they did not understand her. I can assure you that she is as intelligent I am. …and we are as they. They would not have wanted to know what she told them.”
“How did you get so lucky?” one of the men asked.
Triillian tilted her head slightly, as she turned her face toward the questioner. “We were grown in the same lab. We were there our entire lives. But it now appears that the Unity felt they have learned all they could from whatever it was they were studying about us. We seem to have outlived our usefulness and have been discarded.”
“Or just trashed the freaks,” someone said. 
Castor looked around no one looked like they might have spoken. 
Triillian ignored the comment entirely.
Moriah hissed. 
Moriah motioned to Triillian with the cloth she had used to clean herself. Then she motioned to the fire in the barrel.
Triillian waved toward the barrel. She was naked. …although that nakedness was somewhat covered with all the down. She did not look as though she was concerned about her condition.
Moriah tossed the cloth into the barrel.
If I had anything but these coveralls, I would offer it to her.
When Triillian moved, the motion flowed. …like her voice.
She seemed to weaken. 
Moriah moved quickly to steady her.
One of the men moved.
Moriah pointed at him, with one long hooked claw out.
The man stayed where he was, but put his hands up, palms toward her, as Castor had.
“I only wanted to help.”
Moriah hissed at him. Then she dropped her face. She made a few soft mewling sounds.
Castor was at an angle where he could still see her mouth. She was shaping words. But the way her lips, teeth and tongue were… 
If she is human in any way, speaking must be very difficult for her. 
She looked like she was trying to avoid catching her lips and tongue on the points of her teeth. …and trying not to make obvious that was what she was doing. He did not see her upper lip, which was cleft in the center like a cat’s, move at all.
“Yes,” Triillian said softly. “Do not come near,” she announced to the rest of the small group, bringing one long hand up in a small arc. Her voice was only just loud enough that they could hear.
Moriah hunched. She dropped her hands to the floor.
Castor noticed that her knees were backwards. 
No. That is not it. It is her heels that are that high. She walks on the front of her feet. Her knees are higher up, closer to her hips than a human’s are.
On all fours, she looked like she might have no difficulty running that way. All her muscles bunched up, tightening. Her fur was thick, but short and straight. It covered her completely. She was wearing nothing for clothing. But now almost every muscle under that fur was very well defined as she started to vibrate. The end of her tail shook like a rattlesnake’s, but in three distinct waves along its length. She stretched to what seemed an impossible length, only the tips of her fingers and toes touching the floor. Most of the rest of her was almost the height of Castor’s knees from the floor.
Castor watched. As the vibrations slowed, the movement became more seeable. The slower the vibration became, the more pronounced the movement. …until it looked like…
…like she is starting to have a seizure.
The tail whipped from side to side.
It ended as Moriah dropped to the floor.
One of the men moved forward.
Triillian reached quickly.
It was only a blur of movement. Having seen her move before, you would never have thought that she could be that fast.
She snagged the man up by the front of his coveralls and held him up off the floor.
…or that she is that strong.
Her eyes were completely black.
Her teeth showed. 
…they were all long and pointed.
…like Moriah’s.
She held up one … very long and very pointed … finger at the man’s throat.
To his credit … he did not scream.
But his hands were up and open as his legs dangled uselessly.
He looked away from her face as much as he could.
“Triillian!” 
She turned her face toward Castor. Her head was tilted. Her expression looked like she might be assessing a potential threat.
“Put him down, please.”
She bared her teeth at Castor.
“He meant no harm. And I asked nicely. I can do no more than that.”
Triillian closed her mouth, covering those frightful teeth. 
Her eyes started to revert to their former color. 
She set the man down.
She started to sag. 
Her eyes were still mostly black.
“Yes. You did. And yes. You cannot.”
“Does Moriah need help? Do you?”
“No. Moriah was only getting her nerves to function optimally. We have worn inhibitors … set to maximum … before. I … am … in a great deal of pain from it. She will be fully functional in a few moments.”
“She was not fully functional before?” one of the women who had stayed put asked.
“Yes. She was not. I am not yet restored to optimal, either.”
“And you could…” the man she had released started. He rubbed at his throat. He did not finish his observation.
“Yes … I could,” Triillian stated flatly, though no less melodic.
Castor started slowly. “Your eyes…”
“I … must … sit. Do not approach me.”
“Do you need anything?” Castor asked. But he stayed where he was. 
He had already had enough surprises from those two. They had already demonstrated the capability of being just as lethal as what had been implied about Rabid. 
“I only need rest.” She hung her head as if she was exhausted. “I need … my nerves … to function properly. There is nothing you can do to aide that. I … just…”
She started to slide sideways, tipping over, against the wall. One of the women with them started to move. Castor threw his hand out, motioning for her to stop. …which she did. Castor softened the position of his hand, patting the air lightly, and nodded once slowly.
After pushing herself back upright, grimacing with the effort, Triillian continued. “I am able to move quickly. I do not enjoy doing so. It causes me pain. My nerves are not entirely such as yours. When I move … I have pain. When I move quickly, I have more pain. The pain is. Always. I am never without it. I have learned to think about it as placements on a range in my reality. Under a certain level is my normal existence. I have learned to function at that level. Above that level, and I tend to anger. …which will lead me to violence. More anger, more violence. More movement, more pain. More pain, more anger. It is a destructive spiral. I know. I am in control of it, but only marginally. My eyes will change when I enter that spiral. Moriah … can move faster than I. She is the stronger of the two of us. She can … contain … me.”
“Understood,” Castor said. “I am not going to come close. But I am going to come just a little closer than I am, now. I will not get within reach.”
He moved to be where Triillian could see him without having to turn. Then he squatted down and sat on his heels, so she would not have to look up.
He was much closer to Moriah than he really wanted to be.
“I understand the caution you are trying to teach us. But you have to understand, too, that we have to be able to function as a group. There is safety in numbers. We…” he indicated the small group that they were, “were not your captors. Moriah. Had there been any way I could have prevented…”
She snarled at him.
“…what they did to you,” he continued, ignoring her obvious anger, “I would have done so. We … are not your enemy. We can all help each other … you, us … and we, you. If you allow that, we will all likely live longer. Is that something you are both capable of doing? Is it something you can learn, if not?”
Moriah said something as she finally pushed herself up to sit against the wall, close to Triillian’s side.
“We will do our best to learn quickly,” Triillian said. “But you can only proceed with that at our pace. Much of what we are … is what we were created to be. We … had no choice in the matter. …our training … left no room for choices.”
“Understood. You heard Rabid as they carried us here.”
“Yes. This is a dangerous place.”
“Then you must understand that it would be to all of our advantage if there is any way of quickening that pace.”
Moriah made some noises.
“She observed that you appear to need us more than we need you.”
Castor looked at Moriah and nodded a few times, considering his answer before he gave it.
“It appears that way. Yes. But I am sure Rabid did not list all the dangers, here, and it could be that there are some … possibly hoarlings … possibly something else … that one or more of us might be more capable of helping one or both of you with, better than the other of you could, on your own. My first observation is your feet. Rabid said that they all wear boots here. I’m guessing that it is not likely the boots they have will fit you. And I will add that it was Rabid who took those hoarlings off you, which you could not do for yourself at the time. In any event… We do not have all the information that we need. Should you seclude yourselves, you may miss something vitally important.”
“When I have the opportunity … I will thank Rabid … for his care, his guidance, and his concern for our dignity. And, yes. Those possibilities do exist.” Triillian said the last more to Moriah than in response to Castor.
Moriah made a noise and turned her face away from Castor.
“Moriah agrees … reluctantly.”
“I think I got the reluctantly part. Do you need to check for more hoarlings? Rabid said he made only the briefest of searches. …again, to spare your dignity, I might add.”
Triillian looked at Moriah. Moriah shook her head slightly.
“We … our … ability for tactile perception is heightened. We can tell that there are no more on us in the places that he did not look.” Triillian said. “He appears to be an honorable … although troubled … being.”
“That, he does,” Castor agreed. “The two of you and him may have a number of things in common. …if for different reasons.” Castor stood slowly. “We should probably move from here,” he said. “Guard?”
There was the guard at the door who had witnessed everything in the last few brief min.
“Heckuva group they brought this time,” the guard finally spoke up.
“Is there somewhere we should be? Is Rabid going to be okay?” He did not ask anything further than that about Rabid.
“There is. But we always watch to see what we have in the load, before we get involved. Sometimes … it gets messy.”
“And they left you here all alone?”
“Somebody has to be at the gate. Especially at times when people are brought in.” He shrugged. “…and I haven’t actually been alone.” He pointed to Castor’s right and upwards slightly.
Lights came on. They were not glaring or intimidating. They pointed either up or down, making it easy to see without struggling to do so.
Several people were up on a landing, holding more of those weapons leveled at the group on the ground. 
“Welcome to Regia,” a woman … the only one not holding a weapon … called from the platform. “…where your death sentence has already been accomplished. All it’ll take is the time for you to realize it, and for something to find you unprepared.”
Moriah stood up. Triillian put her hand lightly up onto Moriah’s shoulder. Moriah helped Triillian up gently.
Another light went on, below the platform, clearly showing a door at ground level.
“If you would, please,” she called from her platform. “First, dump that bucket into the fire. We’d just as soon those things didn’t get loose in here. Leave the bucket there. Then, please, enter the room below. We’ll come down when all of you are in. And then we’ll begin your processing and indoctrination.”
Moriah hooked a claw under the bucket handle, picked it up and looked inside. She tipped the two hoarlings into the fire. They made a high screeching sound that made everyone turn and look.
When they looked back up to the platform, the woman said, “That’s a little unsettling to you right now. But soon … that very same sound will give you a little bit of comfort, and possibly even some pleasure. And that, people,” she paused for only a moment, “whether you understand that right now … or even want to take it into consideration … is exactly what this place is all about.”
Moriah put the bucket down, and the group started for the door.

***** 

Chapter 14

Castor spent time putting his armor on. Not overly long. He would still be on time. From here, he would help Triillian and Moriah get suited up to go into the mines. They took a little longer.
He had learned so much about how vicious a world could be. He never forgot that one initial sentence spoken to him and the others when they were first dropped in the main building.
Welcome to Regia. …where your death sentence has already been accomplished. All it will take is the time for you to realize it, and for something to find you unprepared.
Castor did not think he had ever heard a statement more true. 
People died all the time, here, on Regia. 
People were on their guard constantly.
It was not enough.
It was not anywhere near enough.
They needed guards. They needed Shooters.
The only weapons on Regia were crossbows and blades. …and those were never used against another person.
Castor had shown proficiency with a crossbow. 

*****

The day after the orientation, they had another meeting with the new group and some people of higher rank. He made it known that he had been a good GCV tech. …and that he could fly. He told them about the incident that got him sent here. 
They listened patiently.
When he was finished, they told him, “Great. …but what got you sent here isn’t important. We don’t care if you’re guilty, or not. You’re here. So are we. We all got sent here, so it doesn’t exactly matter why. And, on Regia, neither one of those skills are useful.”
They asked him if he could shoot.
“I do not know,” he told them. “I have never held a gun.”
“We don’t have access to guns,” they said. “But we make these.”
One of the men held up one of the strange weapons.
“This is an over-under, gas-assisted, semiautomatic cross bow. It has feeder containers that hold bolts that will load themselves. The stock is a highly-compressed air tank. It will serve to load a complete magazine of bolts. The stock and magazine are not removable. …at least, not by you and me. If you carry one, and you have to fire it … even if only once … return it to the armory for reload and recharge. These weapons must be fully loaded and fully charged at all times. Our lives may very well depend on it. Yours probably will, too.
“The magazine is a side-by-side, each side holding the bolts for the top or the bottom bow. The one on the left is for gas canister bolts. Those are for burrowers. The needle-head can drive itself into a burrower’s hide. As the bolt enters to a depth of one inch, the recessed contact triggers the mechanism. The gas is completely released in a fraction of a second, without a detonator, leaving any people in the immediate area still alive, barring any flying burrower parts.”
“We do not know the time and distance measurements you are using,” one of the new people called.
“That’s not important, right now. You will. No one who ever comes here remembers right off. But all…” Castor saw him look at the two half-humans, “most of you,” he corrected himself, “were born on planets. It’ll come back, sooner or later,” he answered her. 
“The bottom one is for calibar,” he continued. “These bolts are spring-loaded. When they contact a calibar…” he held the bolt and pushed it lightly against his hand, tripping the spring. The outer casing of the bolt sprang out in four sections, creating a barrier to prevent the bolt’s further entry. 
“The … bolt enters the calibar.” Castor observed. “Rabid said that they were mostly tough jelly. …but their undersides are covered with needle-teeth. Without the sprung sections, the bolt would go through the calibar, and it could still do damage to its target. The sprung casing basically catches the calibar and changes its vector, so it will miss its target.”
“Very good. I’m impressed,” the bowman said. 
“Is Rabid okay?” Castor had asked.
“But that doesn’t mean someone else might not get hit with the calibar you just shot,” the bowman continued, ignoring Castor’s question about Rabid. “But if they are, the calibar will likely already be dead, having its central nervous system imploded. So, any wounds sustained by people should be minimal. …possibly multiple deep cuts, but no large chunks missing.
“The guards who qualify for the Expert rating…” he continued to the group. “…are called Shooters. That’s all they do is guard the others. While we need as many people who can shoot, if you don’t qualify as expert, then you’re also a Digger. Diggers swap between digging and guarding. This fills two purposes,” the bowman said. “First … it gives the Diggers an added incentive to be more watchful and practice marksmanship on their off-time. …for the simple reason that they’d want the ones who’ll be guarding them while they’re Diggers to do exactly the same thing. …which they will, because no one particularly wants to die. …and no one particularly wants those deaths, should they happen … and they will … hung on their shoulders.”
Castor looked quickly around the group of those who had already been there for a while. Each had a cord attached from shoulder to shoulder, hanging down across their chest. The cords had small bars and beads. Hanging from it. The beads tended to cluster toward the right. The bars clustered toward the left. Toward the middle, they were mixed.
“You mean … literally,” Castor observed.
“You noticed. Yes. Everyone that shoots gets one of their own. The bars are year delineators. The beads are deaths they might have prevented, but didn’t. Not many start out as Shooters. Some can’t shoot, so all they do is dig.”
“I do not mean to jump ahead… But what is it that we dig for?” Castor was curious.
“Bulboar.” And that was all he said, as he continued to look at Castor silently.
“I take it that means I will find out more, in depth, later.”
“You’re pretty quick for a noob.”
Castor shrugged. 
“Okay! So. Let’s go to the target range.”
They filed out of the room, and down the hall. Although she might have cleared the doorframe, Triillian still ducked her head a bit, with both of her hands lightly on Moriah’s shoulders. They both looked uncomfortable in the clothes they were told to wear.
The inside of the building did not look much different from the outside. It was old.
Moriah was making noises, saying something.
Castor turned to see Moriah watch Triillian shake her head quickly.
When they got to the range, the bowman said, “Stay on this side of this line.” He pointed to the floor. “The bow will be pointed only toward the targets, at all times. If you are found to be pointing the bow anywhere else you will immediately have a calibar bolt shot into your foot. This serves two purposes. It will never allow your attention to waiver to the point where a bow is pointed anywhere other than where it should be pointed.” 
There were a number of men holding crossbows along the line, which was only about four meters distant. There were a number of places along the line that looked like they might have a person at each station, firing at the targets.
He never said what the second purpose was. …but it can only be to ensure we take both the bows and bolts seriously, and show us exactly what kind of pain we could cause be accidentally shooting someone.
“You.” He pointed at Moriah. “Step up.”
Moriah hissed.
Triillian put a hand on her shoulder. “Please,” she said quietly. “It does not look like it will fit your hand, anyway.”
Moriah stepped up to the bowman.
To his credit, he did not shy from her as she slowly bared her teeth.
“This is loaded with targeting bolts, only,” he said to her, calmly. 
He handed her the crossbow.
She took it, tilted it, looking at the triggers. She held up her hand and spread her fingers. …without extending her claws. It was obvious that, her hand not fully resembling a human hand, she would not be able to handle the crossbow properly. She handed it back to the bowman. It was not anger, it seemed, as much as it might have been disgust.
“You’ll be a Digger. Only.”
Her hand came up, claws out. She swiped lazily at the air, as she returned to Triillian. 
…as if that had been a foregone conclusion, to begin with.
“You.” He pointed at Triillian.
Triillian lifted her hands and spread her fingers. …which she did only to show how long they were, even though they were pointed in different directions. She had not moved from where she stood “I will be a Digger. Only.” She stated, just as he had for Moriah. “My hands, as you can see, are no more suited for your weapon than my friend’s are.”
“Fine. You.” He pointed at one of the men. 
The man stepped forward and took the crossbow.
“The ones we use are a little different. Ours are semi-auto. This one is a single shot. You’ll have to cock and load it, every time.” To the remainder of the group, he said, “Watch how he does this. I don’t want to explain it again.”
Castor, the remaining men and women moved to where they could see better. …but not closer. Castor made sure not to get too close to the two half-humans in the process. He even nudged one woman a little farther to the side, indicating the two. She glanced once, nodded, and then moved as he suggested.
“Swivel the top-handle up, until it clicks. Turn it until it clicks again, and it’ll come loose.”
He did.
“Swing it around to the front, and turn it until it clicks. Put the front end on the floor and hook your foot in handle.”
He did.
“Take the hook out of the top of the stock, and then pull the cable with the hook until you hear a loud click. That should be the trigger popping into place. Use two hands if you have to. Your foot in the handle should keep it steady enough. Then let up easy. It should catch.”
He did. And it did. It looked like it had not been easy to pull.
“Now it’s cocked. Pick it up.”
He did. 
“Put the hook and the handle back in place, doing the reverse of what you did to get it loose. This isn’t intended to be quick or convenient on this model.” He looked at Castor. “…before anyone says anything.”
Castor let out the breath he had taken, trying not to look like he had been about to say something. He turned quickly and looked at Triillian. …who was already looking down at him with a raised eyebrow. Her expression was unreadable.
The bowman held up a bolt.
“This is just a targeting bolt. It weighs about the same as the specialized ones. On this range that’s all you’ll use. …unless you advance to the point and have the occasion to put calibar bolt into a noob’s foot.”
He handed the bolt to the man. 
“Set it in … keep your finger off the trigger until you’re ready to shoot. If that cable gets released while your fingers are in the way, you’ll need reconstructive surgery. …which you won’t be getting, here. Nor will you be leaving Regia to get it anywhere else.” 
He waited for the man to reposition his grip. 
“Set the bolt in the slot and give it a push down. It shouldn’t take much effort. That holds the bolt in the guide shaft, if you tilt it in any direction. …including down. Do not, ever, point this weapon straight down!” he stated firmly. “Just try to hit the target, this first time around,” the instructor suggested to the man.
It took a few shots before he hit the square target at the far end of the area.
“Not bad. With a little bit of practice, you should be able to make guard.”
…which, judging from what he had already said, was more positive than Castor had expected.
The others went through the routine, moving to a new target, and without all the explanations. The most of women shot with slightly more accuracy than did most of the men. Three of the men were going to need a whole lot of practice before they would be advanced to guards. The second woman hit the target with her first shot. Her second shot was much better placed.
“With some training, it’s possible you could become a Shooter,” the instructor declared. “Good. Next.”
Castor was handed the crossbow. 
“Guards will alternate duties. One day they’ll be Diggers, the next they’ll be guarding the Diggers. Shooters are not Diggers. They’re Guards only. You have to qualify to be a Shooter. There’s another step up after that. They’re Watch Ops. …Shooters, but they’re up on the buildings, watching to keep everyone safe outside.
While the instructor was talking, Castor cocked and loaded the bow as everyone else had been doing.
As he lifted it … numbers started running in his head.
…numbers that he could see.
He lowered the crossbow a little.
His eyes were big.
“Too heavy for you?” 
The guards at the wall laughed.
“No. That is not it.”
He lifted the crossbow and the numbers started changing.
Castor’s mouth hung open as he lowered the bow again.
“Sure it’s not too heavy? We can get you a kid’s bow.”
Castor looked at the target blankly for a second.
He lifted it again and fired without hesitation. 
The bolt went into the center of the seven-pointed star.
He lowered the bow.
“…and this guy never held a gun…?” one of the guards asked from the side.
Moriah made noises.
The bowman handed Castor another bolt.
“Do it again.”
Castor cocked and loaded the crossbow. He lifted it and fired without hesitating.
The bolt hit a finger’s breadth away from the first.
“What are these made of?”
“Lightweight steel. Why?”
“Are they hard to make?”
“No. The ‘cyclers put ‘em out. Why?”
“Can I have two more, please?”
The bowman handed Castor the third.
Castor cocked and loaded the bow. He raised it and fired without hesitation.
The bolt hit the first one he had shot, embedding it farther into the target backing.
After cocking the bow again, Castor held his hand out for the fourth.
He put that one into the one he had just shot, sinking the first one even farther into the target.
“I don’t believe it.” The bowman stood staring at the target with his mouth hanging open.
“Honestly … neither do I.” 
Castor was as much at a loss to explain it as everyone else. …except that he had seen the numbers when he raised the bow. He knew that he would hit where he was aiming. What he had not known was that when he chose and then aimed exactly right, the equation would be balanced. The other thing that he did know, however, was that this … was exactly what he had started seeing, but did not have time to think much about, when he was flying the GCV against the Rajinistas. He had not known the numbers for what they were at that time.
“I think we probably want to put you on the fast track to the expert test. I’m gonna put money down that you’ll be a Shooter within the next few days. Whaddaya think.”
“I can give it a shot.”
Some of the guards behind him laughed. 
Castor handed the crossbow to the bowman, being careful to make sure it stayed pointed down-range, and turned to go back to the little group.
Moriah was looking at him strangely. Triillian had her hand lightly on Moriah’s arm. …as if holding her in place.
Castor was not sure if that was because Triillian thought that Moriah would attack him … or that Moriah would run. It was reasonably clear, though, that what he had just done … scared … more than impressed … her. And, if he could judge by the size of her eyes … she was very scared.

*****

Castor met the group of Diggers and Guards at the lift. He was a Shooter. His reaction time and accuracy rated with their best.
The entire group always went down together. The only variation was which Diggers and Guards had been swapped. 
Moriah and Triillian were in his group. They were always Diggers. They had trouble at the beginning. …in a number of ways. …but always for the same reason. …simply … because they were what they were built to be. 
Moriah had trouble wearing her boots, right from the start. …as Castor had originally surmised. Her feet were not the right shape. Neither were Triillian’s. Hers were regular feet, but they were far too thin for their length. With their permission … always necessary when dealing with either of them … Castor helped them both modify and pad their boots in the right places, using form-fitting cushioned inserts, both hard and soft, that he had to carve by hand, initially, to the right shape. 
Both of them had, at first, refused to wear anything other than what they had. Moriah had her fur. Triillian had gossamer fabric squares like the ones she originally had tied at the corners and draped over her shoulders. …the one that Moriah had burned after wiping the mess off herself. The squares were only slightly translucent, and more or less covered everything down to her mid-thigh. Neither of those would help them if they were attacked by anything. They were required to wear the same protective gear everyone else did. …for the same reasons that everyone else did. …including the boots, if they did not want to be eaten from the inside out, by any one of a number of things that might find them. …underground, or not. 
They reluctantly agreed to the necessity, once evidence was shown to them in an open autopsy of someone who had died of those small predators. They had watched from an overhead observation area, as had the rest of the group Castor was brought with. 
With the first long, deep cut, the larvae were thrashing wildly out of the incision. Immediately after, they found out exactly why the person doing the demonstration was suited as he was when the flames poured down in gouts from the ceiling. While the demonstrator exited the room, the flames continued until there were only ashes left.
Castor helped Moriah and Triillian have their coveralls modified in shape and size, and then padded to help ease the rubbing. Triillian’s skin was very sensitive. It would abrade extremely easily …mostly from the fabric catching and pushing the small hair-like feathers back into their pores. She would get blisters wearing the normal clothes that were required. She had tried. …and she never complained. 
He noticed that her eyes … instead of the ice blue … were normally a dull grey.
When Castor saw, once, the mess she was dealing with, his heart hurt for her. She never said a word about what it must have felt like. She had already told them that her entire life was all about pain. But this… 
He took it upon himself to find a solution. 
Moriah would squirm and pull at her clothes until she got them adjusted. But it was easy to see that they were not comfortable, and likely caught the stiff strands of her fur. She would bare her teeth as she worked with her clothing.
Castor got permission to experiment with one of the subatomic reorganizers in his off time. He found that it could make a very fine and thin micromesh cloth. He tested it on Triillian’s shoulders, trying to see if it would allow her to heal. …which she did, eventually, Moriah helping her in the only way that she could. …which most everyone, including Castor, could not bring themselves to watch. She did not need, however, to cough up undigested feathers, like house cats would. But her tongue, being more human-like than cat, may have helped with that.

*****

“Triillian.” He waited to be acknowledged.
When Moriah turned from her task, licking at the mass of raw blisters on Triillian’s shoulders, she hissed at him.
“Yes,” he said quietly. “I have something I would like for you to try. I think it will help.”
Triillian slid around far enough to where she could see him. 
She was definitely female, from what he saw as she turned. …at least from the waist up. He made sure that he only looked at her eyes.
Triillian lightly put a hand up on Moriah’s arm.
“Tell me,” she said. Her eyes were a darker grey than they normally were.
She must be in a lot of pain. 
“I have been working with the reorganizers, trying to make a very fine micromesh cloth,” he explained. “It is synthetic, not cotton. The cotton we normally use will catch your feathers, even in a single strand. The synthetic is a solid strand. It should not catch anything. The downside, however, is that it will be warmer.”
“Why would you do this?” she asked, seeming to ignore his entire explanation.
“Well … because … the pain that you already have to deal with, just because you are alive, is far less than what the clothes you are required to wear is causing. No one particularly seems to care.” He could not look at her when he added, “But … I do.”
“Why?”
“Because … I … have caused … much harm in my lifetime.” It hurt to remember Laelia, and what his playing with the machine had done, so long ago. It hurt to think about Meridian at all. “If I can help you … lessen the … additional … pain you have to deal with … then … maybe … I can make up for some of the things I have done.” He frowned, still not looking at her.
“These … memories … hurt you,” she observed softly.
“They do,” he admitted.
“But, why would you choose to try and help me?”
“I … was … stupid. …a long time ago,” he admitted, again. “I do not have to be stupid now. I did not care then. I can choose to care now. You need help. I may be able to provide that help. I am willing to try to provide that help, if I can. …for you both.”
Moriah’s head slowly tilted considering what he was saying. 
“Come closer,” Triillian told him. “Show me what you have.”
He moved closer, wary of Moriah. Slowly. While she did not make threatening gestures … she looked like she preferred not to have him at this proximity.
He showed them the cloth. 
They felt of the fabric. 
It was very smooth on one side.
“That is the side that goes against you,” he told them. “It may help,” he indicated Triillian’s shoulders briefly, “to prevent this.”
They talked about it for a while.
Light foam padding would go on top of the fabric. It should work for Moriah as well as he hoped for Triillian. He would work on making their boots fit better, too, if they would allow it.
Triillian agreed to try the experiment with the new cloth when they went to the mines in the morning. She did not show him her feet. But the two were up late, every night, with Moriah taking care of all Triillian’s wounds.

*****

It had only taken Triillian two days to decide that the new cloth was not just working more than satisfactorily, but felt wonderful in its own right. The small amount of added heat retention was not a factor. She suspected that an entire tight-fitting under-suit made of the cloth might be a little hotter, but there were ways to compensate for that. 
Castor got them set up with the things they would need to make themselves the under-suits made from the material. 
“I would do what I am able to help make your under-suits,” he apologetically offered, “but that is an amount of intrusion I am not sure you … or I … would be comfortable with.”
They understood, agreed, and thanked him.
It took them a while to make the under-suits. They draped sections of the cloth over their shoulders while the suits were in progress, and then until they fit properly. Castor suggested that they put the stitched seams on the outside to minimize the abrasions while they were still working on them. 
When they had the suits right, though, the subatomic reorganization units, even with their limited capabilities, were able to analyze and duplicate them. The suits looked strange, but both of the half-humans claimed that they were, in fact, quite comfortable.
Clothing and boots, the subatomic reorganizer units…
They call them ‘cyclers, here. That is what we used to call them back home.
…were able to reproduce. …which also included Moriah’s and Triillian’s boot inserts. Those had been easy enough to analyze, as well.
The only time they did not need the work-boots was when they were inside the dorm building. But they still had to have something on their feet, even if only lighter versions of their work-boots. They did not have to wear all their gear all the time, but it was generally held that Triillian should be clothed, if not necessarily Moriah. Moriah’s fur did tend to generally conform to their standards of propriety. 
Neither could wear just the under-suit.
Which is odd. The under-suits they made are open in the area such that they do not have to remove them when they are in the biowaste closets. …the ‘freshers. Otherwise, they are formfitting, but covering. Moriah … with only her fur, shows the same area to the very same degree, although she is just as covered because of her fur.
Getting the under-suit on was a little bit of a chore, as it did not stretch much. Stretching would cause little open areas between the threads that would catch fur and feathers. Also, they had made them quite snug, as Castor had suggested. Necessarily, it had to go on in direct opposition to the direction of their skin covering. Being the micromesh, however, it did not aggressively catch what it was trying to keep laid flat. With a little care, the material tended to slide on. 
Once it was on, it would keep all the down and fur flat, and they should no longer have to suffer from that. With a little padding over their shoulders, and lightweight foam rings that fit around their waists, thighs, and just under their knees, the coveralls were mostly kept off and away from the under-suit, so there would not be the inevitable chafing. He still had to help them with putting it all on, though.

***** 

Moriah turned her head around abruptly.
“I am sorry,” Castor said quickly. He yanked his hands away and held them at his shoulders, palms flat and facing her. His face was turned partly to the side. “I did not mean to touch you.” 
He was helping Moriah with the shoulder pads he had designed for her. This was not the first time he had done this. …with either of them. …not by a few score. Both she and Triillian had to have those pads on and settled before they could pull the work coverall up. Moriah had shifted, and his hand had brushed her neck. Her normal reaction was to swipe her claws at the person who had the lack of wisdom to intrude to that extent. Everyone had learned very quickly not to go near her.
She bared her teeth at him.
And … surprisingly … she closed her mouth just as quickly. 
She bobbed her head.
Moriah looked at Triillian. …who did not react in the least.
She turned back to Castor. With no effort … getting out of the under-suit was far easier than getting into it … she retrieved her arm from the suit and held her forearm up toward him.
He had not changed the position of his hands.
She bounced her forearm up slightly and indicated it with her chin.
Castor had not looked away from Moriah. His hands were still up.
With her other hand, Moriah reached over and lightly batted the side of Castor’s head. Her claws had been retracted. She said something to Triillian.
Triillian made a sound Castor had never heard her make since he had first seen her, the year before. It was a few fast-warbling high notes. He could not tell if she had sung or whistled them. It almost sounded like one of the snowy plovers he used to see on the beach, after he had stopped flying through the gimcha ca…
No. That time and place is gone. If the people of Meridian hated me before, they would not hesitate to kill me now, seeing what I have become.
Triillian came over and put her hand lightly on Castor’s shoulder. …much to his surprise. She looked … amused. …surprising him even further.
“She is inviting you to touch her. But she grows weary of waiting for you to respond. She will withdraw that invitation soon. Do not move quickly. Lay your hand lightly on her arm. Try not to rub against her fur.”
Castor reached slowly with one hand. With his fingertips only, he lightly touched her forearm.
Moriah made a series of noises.
“She said that she is not delicate. She will break far less easily than you. You may put your entire hand on her.”
“Okay, for not being breakable. …but that is not quite the same as being broken. …or doing something that might end up getting my face bitten off.”
Triillian made that warbling sound again.
Moriah managed to lift what would have been her eyebrow, if she had had entirely human features. She bobbed her arm up again.
He put his hand on her arm. …very lightly at first. Then gripped it lightly. He slid his hand along the fur a short way.
Moriah made another few noises.
“She says that you have a warmth.”
Moriah waved her other hand quickly at Triillian.
With that, Triillian’s arm came around to his front, as she leaned over his shoulder from where she had moved to. …not crowding Moriah. Triillian bared her arm, as Moriah had hers.
Castor turned to look over his shoulder at the tall thin woman. Her hair and cheek had never been this close to his face. …nor had the teeth inside that face. Her breath smelled of cinnamon.
Triillian turned her face slightly more toward him. She was leaning very lightly on his shoulder. He could feel her body temperature radiating from her to his cheek.
“I offer that same invitation. It is easier … and much safer for all three of us … if you are allowed to touch us while helping us with our gear, rather than all three of us being fearful of it. We should not allow this to continue to be a stumbling block.”
Since he would have had to cross his arms, considering where his hands were in relation to the two women, Castor moved his right hand to Triillian’s arm and put his left where his right one had been.
“Moriah is right. You have a warmth.”
“I do not know how Moriah could tell. You both feel very warm to me. Your down is incredibly soft. It almost puts that suit to shame,” he said to the tall woman. …which earned him a slight smile. But even a slight smile was more than he had seen her ever do. “And your fur is a whole lot smoother and softer than I thought it would be.”
Moriah made a small quick rattle in her throat. Her mouth moved, and her tongue flicked as she spoke.
“We have never felt human skin. Your warmth is there. It is … nice, Moriah said. And I will agree with her. Your warmth … is nice. We … have never been touched before … without the presence of anger and pain.”
Moriah opened her mouth wide. She looked like she was trying to push the back of her tongue out past her front teeth as far as it would go. She moved her face close to Castor’s. All of her teeth showed clearly, as her mouth opened much farther than Castor ever thought it might. Her canines were almost twice as long as Castor had originally thought. 
…although just as pointed. …and just as deadly.
“What is she doing?” Castor asked softly. 
He pointedly did not look at the teeth that were only a finger-length away from his face, instead, looking only straight at Triillian, who had stayed leaning over his shoulder. He had nowhere to move to, had he wished.
Moriah started to inhale through her mouth. It was a long, slow intake of breath.
“I do not know,” Triillian answered, her eyebrows raised. “I have never seen this behavior before.”
When she was done, Moriah closed her mouth. Her tongue flicked out as she briefly licked her lips. She looked like she might be rubbing her tongue on the inside of her mouth. She backed up a little and made some noises.
“She has tasted you.”
Castor looked at Triillian. He switched his gaze to Moriah, as she quickly slid her arm back into her under-suit and pulled her coverall up, and then back to Triillian.
“Is that good or bad?” he asked with a raised eyebrow.
“I will ask, later. But you are still alive, so I would imagine that it was neutral, at worst. We must continue getting ready, now,” Triillian reminded him.
He helped them into the rest of their gear.
Moriah moved her shoulder quickly, once, making him miss his reach and touch her. She looked at him quickly. He had paused, but not yanked his hands back. She bobbed her head and patted his hand once.
After they finished getting ready and went toward the lift, one of the other Shooters came up beside Castor. 
“How’d you get so lucky?”
“Not to be dead by now?”
“Not to be clawed to ribbons. Yah.”
“I have no idea. But I have learned some very hard lessons in the last number of years. The one that has made the biggest impression on me is that life … is a very precious thing. It must be treated with respect. I have only acted consistent with that.”
Moriah made a few sounds.
“Even if you are angered?” Castor asked her.
Moriah said, “Eewhhenniiwhh.”
“That is a comfort to know,” he nodded and shifted one of the pieces of his armor. 
He did not see Moriah suddenly straighten up and look at him.
It was not until after they entered the lift, closed the heavy wire gate, and started downward that Castor realized that both Moriah and Triillian were looking at him strangely.
The gate had opened to let them out before he realized what had happened to make them look at him like that. 
It is not that Moriah is speaking a different language… She is speaking the same language that everyone else is. Her entire mouth … everything about the way it is structured, both inside and out … is not allowing the words to come out right. Her sentence structure is different because of the words and letters her mouth cannot even remotely form.
He had understood what she had said. With his taste, she had said, she would forever know him instantly. …and she would never attack him. 
Even if, she had answered to my question. And I was not aware that I was finally hearing what she was trying so hard to say.
The rest of the crew went past them, giving Moriah and Triillian a wide birth. 
Moriah yanked her glove off and held her right hand out facing him. She twitched it once and told him, “Yuhannd uwhhtunninne.” 
While her tone wasn’t commanding, she said it without hesitation, expecting compliance.
Your hand, up to mine.
Castor nodded, took his glove off, and then he put his left hand up against hers, palm against palm. 
She shifted only a little, so she could slowly extend her claws over the ends of his fingers.
The palm of her hand was extremely warm. Warmer than her arm had been.
Triillian stood watching, with a downy eyebrow up. Her head tilted. She said nothing.
Moriah brought her claws back in and withdrew her hand. “Hhoodtsonn.”
Hoods on.
Castor nodded upwards. “Turn,” he told her.
Moriah turned and put her glove back on.
Castor arranged her hood and headgear.
When he was done, Triillian squatted down, with her back to him, so he could do hers.
“I am not sure if I should be jealous,” Triillian said softly, turning her face slightly toward Castor before he arranged her hood.
“Why would ever consider being so?” Castor was more than slightly confused.
“That, my friend, was her solemn vow never, ever, to harm you. I have seen her do this only one other time. …with me. She has never tasted me, as she did you. But that may have more to do with the two of us being caged next to each other for so long. She had my taste from the beginning.”
“Iyetidt. Yuwrre ssleewhhing.”
I did. You were sleeping.
“Ah,” Trillian acknowledged, nodding once. To Castor, she added, “We were both trained to be violent, with extreme lethality. While it was a very serious thing that we did, this vow with her claws, it was only something that we made up … that Moriah made up, at that moment. It was shortly after that the Unity appeared to have done with us. I belie…”
“Guys!” one of the guards yelled from farther down the tunnel. “Save it for upstairs! Catch up!”
Castor adjusted Triillian’s hood quickly.
“On our way!” Castor called.
Moriah and Castor turned their work lights on and started down the tunnel.
Triillian blocked Castor’s way for a second, before putting both her gloved hands on his shoulders. 
“I will repeat that vow with you … as she did … without the tasting, because I am not built like Moriah is … but when we are free of these work clothes and have the time.”
“Okay.” Castor was still processing what had just happened with Moriah.
His suit was different from theirs. His allowed him to move more freely. He had goggles, but not a full hood. The goggles were close-fitting and enhanced his vision, even in the darker spaces. While all of Moriah and Triillian were entirely hidden under their hoods and suits, his face could be seen clearly.
“Because, with hers,” Triillian said seriously. “You must also have mine. …which I will give just as freely. …and just as meaningfully.”
Castor nodded. He looked confused.
“It is only for our mutual safety. It also gives you some latitude to protect others from us. You may physically interfere on their behalf. You, however, we shall never harm or threaten. To us, you have already proven your…”
“Guys!” The shout came from farther down the tunnel. “Come on! We’re already getting too thin, waiting on you!”
“Coming now!” Castor said loudly. He put his hand on one of Triillian’s and then lightly on Moriah’s arm. “Let us go. Hurry.”
As they ran to catch up, Castor could not help but think how odd these two were. They hardly ever spoke about their confinement. They hardly ever spoke about what they were capable of. They never said anything about what they thought about anything. It was like they were each in the center of an impenetrable sphere. And those two spheres overlapped inside a third. …and he just had more than just a brief look inside them all. 
…the door opened up. …they invited me in. What … exactly … does that, ultimately, mean…?
Okay. Stay focused. I have got work to do.

***** 

Chapter 15

Bulboar were amorphous stringy blobs of something, marginally more firm than a calibar, running in veins underground. No one really knew whether they were animal, vegetable, or mineral. …although, some unlikely combination of all three of those was not exactly out of the question, either. Their use and worth were unknown. 
That was what the Diggers were trying to find. Once a vein was found, it could usually be followed, in one direction or the other, to a large mass. When they found a mass, they were supposed to cut it up into hand-sized slices, wrap the slices, and freeze them. It never reacted to the slicing, which suggested that it might be more vegetable than anything else. 
The Diggers were all warned to handle bulboar pieces only with their gloves on. Under no conditions were they ever to allow it, or anything that had touched bulboar, to come in contact with bare flesh. They were also told that some Diggers would always have to test that, and every one of those that ever did … died. …within a very short week of doing so. 
“Which is a very good thing,” the team leader said, “because anyone that stupid will likely cause a number of other deaths, eventually, with their lack of forethought. If they do this and die, then they’ll take no one else with them. You can’t fix stupid. But, sometimes, stupid will fix itself.”
And Castor had had to agree. He had seen bulboar a few times, over the years. He had no desire, whatsoever, to test the lethality of it. 
I may be a lot of things. Stupid is not one of them. Not anymore, anyway.
A very small and exceedingly brief contact with bulboar, they were told, would quickly cause horrendous stomach cramps and violent evacuation of the bowels. Fewer people, as it was told, tended to test that one.
Since they could not actually do any analysis on bulboar, they could only assume that it was, in addition to whatever else it might be, a contact poison. …a very severe and deadly contact poison.
The Regian inmate compound had an infirmary. It did not have many doctors. …nor did it have a laboratory.
They also did not have anything other than extremely limited ‘cyclers to produce things that could not be manufactured by hand. While all their crossbows were mostly hand-assembled, the pieces were fabricated. The medical supplies that could be produced were extremely limited.
Simple medicines existed on Regia. …but only the simpler ones. Most of the time, if a person got sick enough, they died. Anyone sick was quarantined in a separate section, with very limited access to the outside until they were either demonstrably well … or dead.
Regia was an ideal prison planet. 
If you managed to survive … something would eventually get you. No one ever survived to die of old age, here. As the Coordinator had originally said … the death sentence was already accomplished. You just had to realize it, and then wait for something to find you unprepared. …and it normally did not really matter how prepared you were or were not.
Even though it did not look like it, at first, that statement was formed to present the false hope that one might be able to survive Regia if they are sufficiently prepared. Hope leads to cooperation. Cooperation leads to group survival … whether any given specific individual survives or not. …and most will not.

*****

Castor was on guard in the mines. They did not have to worry about most of the predators from the surface. While the occasional large burrower might be found, the smaller ones could not get down this far. There were other things down here, though, that were just as deadly.
To date, Castor had four bars and only one bead on his tally. If they had kept track of all the things he had shot, though, in keeping that bead tally down, there would be a number of those markers. The bead had come from a person who had been pieced by a flying burrower tooth. No one had noticed the injury until things were settled. The neurotoxin had done its job. But … there had been other … more immediate concerns at the time that did not allow the time for anyone to notice.
Castor, himself was the center of that concern, at that time. 
Moriah and Triillian were the only two conscious in that area, at that particular time. They had been busy saving his life as a direct effect of the way he had just saved theirs. He had scars around his mouth. The wounds were caused as Triillian forced air into him. Her teeth were as sharp as Moriah’s, but not quite as long. Those cuts would have been far worse if Moriah had tried to do that, instead.
All things considered … the scars are only an insignificant downside as compared to what I gained.
But Castor had so few beads on his count that Diggers requested to be with his group, knowing well the reasons why. …which was sad, along with being unfortunate. Those requests implied a lack of trust and confidence in the other guards and Shooters. To dissuade more requests, Castor’s group was reduced to only him as the Shooter. …which worked. The diggers decided that even Castor could not protect a large group all by himself. 
And then there was Moriah and Triillian. Castor could get close to them. …and had been … extremely … ever since he nearly lost his legs for them. Moriah tended to guard him just as she did Triillian. So, most tended to just keep their distance from all three of them.
Even still, though, the different groups were not separated very far.
Since the major bulk of the dangers came from existing shafts, the guards were required to walk them. …not far from the group, but they might momentarily lose direct sight of their charges, depending on the curve of the shaft. The walking guards would always be close enough to hear them, though.
The guards took turns going down the shafts. Never did more than one go at a time, unless that one found something that needed to be killed. Otherwise, the main group stayed with the diggers. Castor … being the only guard in his group, had to leave his group completely on their own for little whiles at a time.
Moriah and Triillian were always part of Castor’s group. While the two half-humans were normally left to themselves on the surface, the remainder of the group were less bothered by them in attendance when Castor had to make his short rounds and went out of sight. Castor, himself, was not thrilled about having to leave his charges. He had shot and killed too many things to be comfortable with it.
Castor was, currently, on one of these small excursions. 
He went carefully around a bend in the shaft. He could easily hear his people. Other groups were on the far side of his. …which made it doubly important that he check these branching shafts.
He shined his light down the tunnel. 
There was a branch to the left only about six meters away.
He went to it, shining his light ahead of him.
A stone rolled to a stop in the middle of a junction a little farther down.
Round rocks do not just fall by themselves. And if they do, they fall across a tunnel. …not along its length.
He turned the corner carefully, his crossbow at the ready. Another junction was only a few steps farther. A round stone sat in the middle of that junction, as well. 
This … is an intentional placement. It is not a predator doing this. Or … if it is … it is one nobody has ever seen, and we will likely all die. A mutant? I am too far away from my Diggers. But this … I have to find out what it is. If it needs to die, all the groups will be safer for it.
 He went to the next junction and listened. There were no sounds. But … predators never made any noise while they were waiting.
It would have seen my light. It knows I am here.
Castor backed up a little and went to the far side of the tunnel, opposite the opening to the branch. Moving quickly, he brought his bow up and moved so he could shine his light straight into the branch. 
“I am not your enemy.” 
Castor’s light showed an old man, who had spoken softly, holding up his open hands.
The old man’s beard and hair were long and possibly white under all the dust, and sparse. He looked almost ancient. His eyes were sunken and dried. He held his head at an odd angle.
“Who are you, then?” Castor asked softly, not wanting to cause an alarm if one was not needed. 
If anyone back at the group heard him, if they could hear him at all with these three turns … or was it four? … that he had made, they would raise a loud alarm. Groups would converge. He was not sure that there was anything particularly wrong, although an old blind man in the tunnels where predators could be … was not something Castor particularly considered rational, either. On the other hand … no known Regian predator could speak. …nor did they look, even remotely, human.
“I am your teacher,” the old man replied. “I am the one who will give you the ability to leave this place. I am the one who will see that you become more than you are … the capability of which lies within you, waiting … and it will allow you to set yourself free from here. You only need come with me. I cannot teach you here, and it cannot be done quickly.”
The old man had not moved. He did not show that he had any indication that he knew Castor had his crossbow aimed at his head.
“And what can you can teach me that will get me off Regia?”
“Look at me,” the old man countered. “As you suspect, I am blind.” The old man moved his hand only enough to indicate his face. “I survive down here alone. And I survive on the surface of Regia, beyond the wall, just as easily. I can teach you how to do this. I can teach you how to use some of the numbers that you see in your mind.”
That one shocked Castor. He had never told anyone about the numbers. They were how he passed the Expert Shooter requirements so quickly. Those numbers were exactly why he had only one bead on his tally in more than four years.
“Can I bring others? I have…” Castor hesitated. “…people … who are important to me. I care for them. I cannot leave them.”
“I understand.” The old man dropped his head slightly. “I know who they are, and why. But I can only teach you. They will die if they come now. They don’t see the numbers. And you will not learn while they are with you.” The old man paused for a moment. “But know this. You will see them again. And you will be with them again. …but not for a time. They will not forget you.”
“What if I kill you now, instead?”
“Try, if you must,” the old man stated calmly, shrugging. “But I’ll tell you now that you won’t succeed.”
“You are going to kill me first?”
“No. You’re very safe from me. Not so from Regia. I won’t harm you. I will keep you safe. Regia has no such concern. But you can’t harm me any more than Regia can. It has tried. And it has failed. Shoot if you wish to test me. I won’t be offended. I will still teach you.”
That level of confidence from a blind man was … astounding. 
How can he even begin to live on Regia without eyes?
“If you need more incentive … I’ll tell you this.” The old man tilted his head slightly. “If you stay here, now, you and your friends will die, in only a few short years. If you come with me and allow me to teach you … you’ll all live significantly longer, all three of you away from Regia, and eventually together again.”
That had Castor thinking. He could be with them for longer if he left now. They could be free of the constraints … that socially bound them … here. They could be free to be together and stay together.
“How long will it take for you to teach me?”
“Only as long as it takes for you to learn. It all depends on you.”
That was cryptic.
“You claim to foretell the future. How do you know this?”
“I see many things, blind as I am. You’ll not ever be able to see the future, however, until you are in it. But, then, it’ll be your present. I can teach you how to see a few other things, though. You can control some of your numbers. They, in turn, will be a valuable tool for you. How you use them is a choice you must make. …just like the choices you make when you shoot your weapon.” The old man lifted his face. “But, this choice, you must make quickly. Others are coming. There is no other time that I can help you. There is no other time when you will be able to be with them again, off Regia. It must be now. The alternative is death. Regia will have you all.”
Castor lowered his bow.
“Fire a few shots of the burrower bolts to your left.”
Castor did.
“Fire a few more past me, into this tunnel.”
Castor did.
“Leave your bow. Put it there.” He pointed to a place on the far tunnel wall. “You won’t need it. Come now.”
Castor hesitated only a moment. He put the bow down.
“Leave the light and goggles. There and there.” He pointed to two more spots.
He took the goggles off and tossed them and the light a little farther than the bow. The light was still on. He went to the old man. 
After adjusting the light, to lean it as it if had fallen, the old man turned and told him. “Put your hand on my shoulder. Don’t worry about not being able to see, or where we go. I will guide you. No harm will come to you.”
Castor put his hand on the old man’s shoulder, and they started forward, into the darkness.
I will be with them. And we will all live longer. If this is true…

*****

Castor and the old man sat in the darkness. Castor had no idea where they were. They crawled on their hands and knees through some of the tunnels.
Castor heard a ripping.
It sounded like the old man was separating a section of his robe off.
“Hold out your hand,” the old man said quietly.
Castor held his hand out.
The old man draped a piece of cloth over it. Castor felt it. It was what he suspected … a longish piece of cloth.
“Tie that over your eyes. You will need to keep them. If you don’t have them covered it is very easy to forget to close them, and they will dry out from the dust. If you become blind, nothing I can teach you will bring your loved ones back to you.”
“Okay.” Castor took the rag and tied it around his head, covering his eyes.
“It must not be tight. …only snug enough to remind you not to open them while you wear it.”
Castor reached back and pulled the knot tight from the part that went around his head. 
“Don’t ever remove it, until you are in the light again.”
“But I will not be able to see anything.”
“What could you possibly see in this darkness?”
“There is that,” Castor responded reluctantly. “But you are blind. And you see.”
“I had the knowledge before I became so. My knowledge prevents my blindness from hampering my vision. You don’t yet have that knowledge. And you won’t until after your vision would be lost. My intention is only to prevent what happened to me from happening to you. I have been down here a very long time. …but you won’t be. A long time. Yes. I have much to teach you. You will, though, have a long life after you leave here.”
After a little while of silence, Castor asked, “When do my lessons begin?”
“Remove your work clothes, so you only have on the regular ones you already wear beneath this.”
“Why?”
“Sometimes, we may have to move quickly. We aren’t alone down here. Your armored jacket will hinder you. Keep your boots. Only remove the armor.”
“Okay.” Castor stood and took off his jacket. Then he took the thigh and shin guard plates out and toss them to the side.
“Sit.” The old man said. “Watch your head as you bend down.”
Castor started to bend over, but he put his hand out. There was a small outcrop of rock, just to his left. He might have hit it, if he had kept going.
“Trust that what I do is the quickest way to teach you. Remember that. And know that unless you learn, you will not be able to help your friends.”
“They are not jus…”
“I know,” the old man interrupted. “I know who they are and exactly what they mean to you. But it still remains that you won’t be able to be with them again, and all of you live as long together as you might, until after you have control of the numbers.”
With that, a small stone bounced off Castor’s head.
“Ouch!”
“See your numbers.”
A min later, there was a slight rustle. Another small stone bounced off Castor’s head.
“Ouch! How are you doing that?”
“See your numbers.”
“Which numbers?” Castor asked quickly and moved slightly to his right.
A small stone bounced off his head.
“The numbers you see when you shoot.”
“But I am not shooting!”
“Imagine that you are. See your numbers. It isn’t the shooting that allows you to see them. It’s the will.”
A small stone bounced off Castor’s head.
“See your numbers.”
Castor moved, as silently as he could, about a half-meter to his right.
A small stone bounced off his head. 
“See your numbers. Tomorrow, we’ll talk about the greatest living power in the universe.”
“What power is that?” Castor was curious. A living power? The greatest one implied that there was more than one.
“Jesus. I won’t bother you with stones while I teach you about Jesus. …and where he came from. …and why he was sent to humans.”
“You said greatest. Is there more than one?”
“That is a difficult question. There’s only one of his kind. But there are three aspects of that one, and far lesser creations that came from that one. Those lesser creations had choices to make. Just like we do. Many chose the One. Some didn’t. Those who didn’t work to keep man from the One. They are very persistent, and they are very persuasive and pervasive. Those creations who chose to work against the One are, ultimately, what drove humans from our home-world. Jesus, who was fully part of the One, was sent to humans as a human. He was born of a woman, with no being as his father other than the great I Am. …the One. But that’s a discussion for tomorrow.”
A stone bounced of Castor’s head.
“Today, we’ll work on finding your numbers. When you can see the numbers, you’ll see that they’re part of a much larger equation. That equation is where I must lead you, if you are to learn.”

*****

Castor’s head hurt from all the stones. He was just about ready to try and attack the old man, in his frustration. The old man droned on and on about the numbers, which ones to look for, which one to change, and how much to change them by.
A small stone bounced off his head. …from a different angle this time.
“I am not where I was, anymore,” the old man said. “Think about what you see when you’re shooting. Think about the numbers. See your numbers.”
Castor didn’t know how long he’d been down here now. He’d lost count of how many times he had eaten. …how many times he had slept. But he thought that number was high when he’d forgotten. By now, there was a lot that he’d forgotten. 
“Calibar can be eaten,” the old man had told him. “Burrowers cannot. Never eat a burrower. Don’t ever touch anything, here, that you can’t see and that I haven’t given you. When you change the right numbers, you’ll see on your own, down here in the dark.”
It had taken Castor a long time before he’d been able to remember even that much. All he remembered was just being down here in the tunnels and the old man. 
The old man taught him. He taught Castor everything that Castor knew.
They ate calibar. 
Where the old man got the calibar from was a mystery. And it would remain so, since the old man wouldn’t say.
Castor knew what a calibar felt like. He’d felt a whole dead calibar. They were … squishy. They had the feel of a dry, very untoned muscle, with six thick tentacles. The old man let him handle one of the teeth. It cut him. The underside of a calibar was covered with teeth like that. The old man always pulled the teeth before he brought it for them to eat.
They were soft, but they were crunchy, too.
So, he ate. He slept. He had stones bounced off his head. He listened to the old man talk about the numbers. After every other sleep, he listened to the old man talk about Jesus. On those days, the old man didn’t toss stones. 
He could visualize the equation the old man wanted him to see. But he couldn’t change the number yet. Many of the numbers changed on their own. 
The old man said that when Castor could change the number that he needed to, then the hard part would be done. Then they could practice with the numbers until he had it all. …and then the old man would only teach him everything else he needed to know about everything else. …without the aid of stones. …which … as far as Castor was concerned … was an awful lot of teaching, since there was nothing inside his head that he would call knowledge. He had no memory of anything before here.

*****

Castor was thinking about the numbers. …the ones the old man said he could change. …and what he could change them to. The old man said that while he had access to all the numbers, Castor had only the access to three. One of those, along with doing a few other things in combination with the two others that he’d eventually have control over, would let him see in the dark. Knowing what the others could do, now, would only confuse him until Castor was able to change that first one. 
That first one was the only place he could begin.
It was the only one that…
A stone bounced off his head.
Castor desperately tried to access and change that one number.
The old man said it was an equation. All the numbers would be there, but Castor would clearly see only a very few of them, and those would fit into a sub-equation. But he had to see the equation before he could see his special numbers. 
A stone bounced off his head.
He felt a drip of blood slide down his scalp.
It wasn’t the first time he’d felt blood.
Most of the top of his head hurt, now.
A stone bounced off his head. This one had either been larger … or it had been thrown harder.
Castor relaxed. He took a breath, letting it out slowly.
Another larger stone bounced.
He had to access that equation.
He had to be able to see it.
It must be the key to make the stones stop.
It had to be the only way to make the stones stop.
He saw a blur of numbers.
Another stone bounced.
…the numbers …where are the numbers? I have to see the numbers!!
The numbers cleared some.
One stood out clearly.
It was in the exact position the old man said it would be.
The numbers were there.
The important one to learn first was a value of one.
He made it point-nine, as the old man had been telling him to.
Castor saw the stone coming. 
He reached up to catch it.
It went through his hand and clattered on the floor of the cave. It hadn’t hit him.
“YES!” the old man shouted, overjoyed. 
The old man got up and did a little dance in a small circle, wiggling his butt all the distance around four full circles. 
“Yes!” he said again, sitting back down. “Now, you can see!”
“I can … see you.” Castor was a little confused. He could hear the old man, but he couldn’t actually hear himself. He’d never seen the old man until now.
“Make that very number point-nine-nine.”
Castor changed the number. He could still see. He was amazed. He felt his face. The rag wasn’t over his eyes.
He looked again.
He wasn’t seeing with his eyes.
…it was … something else … something … him … but not his eyes.
It was like his eyes were open, but they weren’t. He’d checked. His eyes were closed. There was light. It was dim. …but it was enough to be able to see around him. 
“Make it point-nine again.”
Castor changed the number.
He could see clearly again.
He still saw the old man. 
He’d never seen the old man before. He’d only known the old man was so, because the old man had said so. The old man had told Castor that he’d forgotten many things. He might have seen him before he forgot everything. But he didn’t remember forgetting. He only knew he’d forgotten. The old man said so. 
He said I’d forgotten everything. …that was why, he said, he had to teach me all things again. He said all I had left was words. …and not many of those. He said I learn everything quickly. He said that was because I’d forgotten everything, so I can learn a lot more, more easily, and retain very much more. He said I don’t have all the extra stuff clogging up all the pathways, so there’s more room for everything now.
He taught me the Bible. He knew the whole thing. I can recite it all. It takes a long time. But I can do it.
He taught me numbers, too. He knows a lot of different maths. He taught them to me. Counting. Addition. Division. Algebra. Geometry. He said Geometry would help me a lot later. He didn’t exactly say what for, but he said it would be important.
He taught me Calculus, Logic, Statistics and Probability Theory, and even Mathematical Physics. He said Interstellar Ballistics was supposed to be part of that. But that was more than I could do, right now. He said he knew I had a limit. He just kept teaching me until he found it. He said that limit was beyond most people, so I shouldn’t feel deficient. He said I needed to know how to work with numbers, first, so I could learn to see in the dark. He said that the Mathematical Physics was the most important. And if I could do that, then I’d know which numbers to change.
And because of those numbers, and how I can change them, and how they’ll affect me … he taught me Metaphysical Reality Theory.
There was a pile of small stones to the old man’s right. There were stones scattered close to where Castor sat.
He picked one up. 
…except that his hand could not touch it.
“Change it back to one.”
Castor did. He remembered a stone just to his left.
He couldn’t see it. He was in the dark again.
“Put the rag back over your eyes. It fell when you went between. …as did the rest of your clothes. You’re sitting on everything.”
He felt around where the stone was a little and found it. 
“At point-nine, you can see. But you can’t touch anything. At point-nine-nine, you can still see … not as well, here in the dark … and you can feel yourself. This is the Here variable. Leave it at one and put your clothes on. Put the rag back over your eyes.”
Castor did.
When he was through, he sat again.
“Picture your equation. The number to the right of the one you’ve been changing … you’ll see that it’s zero. This is the Aura variable. I call it the Aura, because it affects what’s immediately around you. Change it to point-one.”
Castor did. 
“Now change the Here … the first one … the one you’ve already changed a few times … to point-nine-nine.”
“I’ll lose my clothes again.”
“That is what this second number will prevent. Not only can you feel yourself, you can keep with you anything within ten percent of your height that you carry. That’s why you change the second number to point-one. If you’re only walking, you can set it to point-zero-one and you can keep your clothes. You won’t be able to carry anything, though.”
Castor changed the numbers. 
He could see the old man, but he couldn’t see himself. He could feel that he still had the rag over his eyes, and that he was still wearing his clothes.
“The next number in that sequence. This the Sub-aura Focal variable. Change it to one-point-one, without changing either of the other two.”
Castor did.
“At one-point-one you can pick up things while you are not entirely here. When you take them, they will join you in your Not Quite Here state.”
One of the stones was next to him. He picked it up.
He tossed the stone at the old man.
The old man caught the stone, before it could hit him.
“Yes. Very good.” He pushed and scattered the entire little pile of stones he had next to him. “I’d say that you have no idea how glad I am that you don’t need these anymore. …but I can see just how relieved you are.”
Castor thought about what he could do when his numbers were set to any specific grouping. 
“I’m quite happy you … I … don’t need the stones anymore. Yes. I agree.”
 “These three are the only numbers you have access to and can do anything with in the larger equation. With them set at these values, you are physical, and you can interact with your surroundings. You cannot, however, be seen. The downside is that your surroundings can interact with you, even if only involuntarily. You can be killed. Change the third variable back to one, or the Here to point-nine, and you are now no longer there. 
“Always have the Aura number at point-one, before you lessen the Here number, so you can keep whatever you have with you. There was a very long time we didn’t know about that variable, even though it was so near. I experimented with many of them, until I learned many things. Some … took me to … places … that reality … is not as we see it. And the divergence … is not … healthy … for the human mind. But…” his tone had been troubled with that last admission. It brightened again with his next statement and abrupt shift of topic. “We are not there, anymore. We are here! And very thankful we are for that blessing. And with the Here lessened, you are separate from the environment. You can remain with that setting for a very long time. You will not age. You will not need to eat or drink while you are between. From now on … leave your numbers exactly as you have them.
“Remember this. It is crucial. If you are in danger and you need a tool, set your Aura to point-one and your Here to point-nine. You are now out of danger, but you retain everything you are carrying. 
“Briefly … the first variable removes you, to a degree, from this here, but not this now. It takes you between. The second variable influences the immediate area around you in accordance with the first. The third variable, to a degree, restores you in this place and time, but negates your existence in a fifth dimension, to a degree. The Here can only be between point-nine and one, for you. The Aura, again for you, can only be between zero and point-one. The Sub-aura, you will be able to change between one and one-point-one. Any point between those limits is available to you. They all have specific uses. Experiment with them and learn.
“While you don’t have the freedom to move as I do, what you can do … even within your limitations … as significant as they may seem … you’ll find to be no less than amazing, as far as other humans are concerned. You’ll find those limitations hardly even inconvenient.”
“Experiment with those for the rest of today. You should know how to accomplish what you want to do at will. …without having to think about it. Remember to put the rag back in place, over your eyes when you lose it. These numbers will save your life. …more times than you can count. Tomorrow, we will continue the rest of your education. There is much knowledge that you have lost. I will bring us a calibar. It will be your last meal, here in the tunnels. Starting tomorrow, you will remain slightly between. You will no longer need any of your physical processes, not even sleep, while you’re on Regia.”
The numbers he can access that I can’t must be how he gets and brings the calibar. He goes between, moves to the surface, kills the calibar, takes it to where he can remove its teeth and internals, and then brings it back down here for us to eat.
When Castor became extremely competent in comprehension, logic, and analytics, the old man took him to the surface, and taught him about mechanics, logistics, human nature … and the dangers of Regia.
The old man gave Castor instructions, along the way. Castor had to remain not all the way there throughout the entire time. But the old man had to be almost there to tell him what he wanted him to know. 

*****

He watched a load of prisoners being brought in. He watched the initial reactions of the new prisoners and the welcoming period. He watched the indoctrinations. He watched them in the mines, digging. 
He watched people being killed by some of the predators. After each thing he watched, none of which were for long, the two of them … Castor and the old blind man … went somewhere to discuss what Castor had seen. 
Through all of it, the old man taught Castor even more about Jesus and understanding the Bible. Castor’s mind was free to receive all that information, too. And he was hungry to know everything. He couldn’t find a way to make up for everything that he’d lost. …but, then, he didn’t know all of what he might have lost. So, he didn’t exactly miss it, either. Learning as much as he could know about everything the old man could teach him, though, would help him identify any gaps in that knowledge as he found them later.
Castor learned quickly … the old man said it only took a fraction of the time it would normally take a person. …simply because Castor had already known much of it before he’d forgotten everything. The neural pathways were there. Those pathways had been fully in service before, doing what needed to be done so he could know and remember what he knew and remembered then. They would accomplish the same function now. And it would be easy for those pathways to regain what they’d had before. …within the constraints of the both the new and lost information. The synapses were only waiting to be used. 

***** 




Part 3

A Future Uncertain 

Chapter 16
Establishing a purpose – Regia 
 
The raggedy man stood there, the old dirty piece of cloth still tied around his head, keeping his eyes closed. …hearing everything in the bay. He could see nothing. …but he saw everything. He was between, as the old man had taught him.
No one would see him standing here. …although here … wasn’t exactly here. …not all the way here, anyway. 
He stood hunched, a habit he had from the tunnels. The bay was large and open. The raggedy man would not allow himself to be intimidated by its size. He’d been out of the tunnels with the old man a number of times, but never for this long. He’d been up here, now, for well over a month. The open area was still a lot to deal with. 
He was gathering information. …what he needed to leave Regia.
The old man had told him that it was time.

*****

“You’ve learned all that I can teach you. You can make effective use of the numbers I’ve shown you, along with the ones that you already knew you could use. …the ones for targeting. You know how they can all help you survive. You have a good understanding of people and History, and an even better one of the Christian Bible and Jesus. You have theoretical knowledge and a good understanding of a wide range of useful topics. So … it’s time for you to leave here. You won’t be able to reclaim your life … the one you had before you came to Regia … but you’re well equipped to start and maintain a new one.”
“How can I do that? I don’t know where to go. I don’t know what to do. All I know is here with you. You say I had a life before here, and that I can’t go back. That’s fine. I don’t remember any of it. I don’t remember anything before you and being in the tunnels. But what am I going to do? Where can I go?” 
The thought of going out of the tunnels … and living … out there … was more than just a little scary. Castor didn’t even remember ever being able to see, physically, with his eyes. He had been just on the edge of reality for a long time. He only vaguely remembered ever having his numbers set to normal.
“Your path will find you. You only have to take the first step. You’ll have help. A part of your past will catch up with you. There are a few things you’ll remember on your own. Your body will remember. There are many more that you won’t. But remember this one thing, if nothing else. You are part of God’s plan, and he will not abandon you. You will be given trials. …worse ones than you’ve already had, regardless of whether you remember them, or not. But if you keep your faith in place, Jesus will see you through them to the other side of them all.”
“And if I refuse?”
“To keep your faith? That would be very unwise, my young friend.”
“No. To leave here. What if I chose to stay?”
“Then you’ll do so alone. You can only tell I’m here because I allow it. If I leave … you’ll only know because I won’t be here anymore. You can’t access the numbers, to see me between, even though you’re able to go there. Go between. Stay between. Go to the surface. Learn. A hauler will come. Prepare for that as you can. Take it. Go to Termina Two. Find Anselmi Taskinen. Get the cuff weapons that the Unity have, as soon as you are able. Learn to use them. Take the time you need, but always move forward. Learn to use your eyes again when you’re off Regia. You’ll collect allies along the way. It’s time for the Unity to fall. It’s time for the Unity to reap what they have sown. Fly against them for liberty. Fly against them for the freedom of all.”
“Fight them… Wait. But … I don’t know how to fly. …much less fly against them. That’s flying combat. I don’t know how to do that.”
“You do. That’s a thing you’ll remember. …because it’s something that is part of you. That’s one thing that you’ll always carry.”
“After all this time … you still haven’t said how you know all this about me. And you haven’t said what was I before you and the tunnels, here. You haven’t told me any more about me than just my name.”
“Yes. Castor Ricinus Efrata-Landeez. That is what it is. Right now, and for the near future, that’s all that really matters about who and what you were. There are some things … best left buried. As I said, though, other things will find you. And those things … when they do … won’t necessarily be unpleasant … but they won’t bring you comfort, either.”
“Was I … that terrible?”
“No. Yes. No.” The old man hesitated, seeming not to be able to settle on any one specific answer. “You were…” He shook his head, looking like he decided to say something different than what he might have been about to. “You … your past … is complicated. …as is mine. I do what I do for a specific reason, though. Where my future is suspect … yours is not.”
“I don’t understand. How do you know so much about the past? …and my past in particular. …and the future…?” Castor was more confused than he ever remembered being. …the entire span of which … he’d only been here in the tunnels. Castor remembered absolutely nothing from before.
“It’s … what I am. It’s … what I do. Much … of my past … is … best left buried, as well. It’s time for you to go, now. Learn what you can. Do what you know is right. Be well, my young friend. Learn what they will teach you. And keep your faith above all.”
The old man disappeared. 
His mentor for an unknown length of time … was gone. 
It didn’t matter where. He wasn’t here. 
Castor was alone. 
There was nothing he could do, but make his way to the surface.
His Aura was where he wanted it. He changed his Here to point-nine and went farther between. 
I think I’ll call it ghosting. Ghosting sounds mysterious. Going between just sounds kinda dull. So … if I’m going to do this … I may as well be somebody mysterious. It’s not like I have much of anything else at this point. Whoever I was … is gone. Lost. And I really wouldn’t mind knowing the why and how of that. It’s almost like I was newly born, but a full-grown, fully functional adult, down here. 
He started moving through the tunnels. He knew the way. They’d been to the surface enough times. He didn’t have the capability to change the here numbers enough to change his location, the way the old man could. He could change them only enough so that he could walk through a wall. …but nothing much thicker than that. He wasn’t bound by darkness, but he still had to walk on a surface. And he still had to be at the lift when the Diggers came down to get up there. …which meant that if they were already down … he’d have to wait until their next shift back into the mines. 
Going up when they came down was easiest. No one was in the lift. When it got to the top, he could go through the side, and not have to worry about going through a person. Doing that, he’d found, made him itch. It made them itch, too. …like he wasn’t far enough not here to go through them unnoticed. It was different going through a human than it was going through a wall. 
It must have something to do with the thing I go through being alive or not.

*****

The raggedy man … Castor … was waiting for the right moment to make his way across the bay and get onto the Unity hauler. That ship was his only way off the planet. He’d been watching people and listening to the things going on for the last month, staying between the entire time. The old man had taught him that he wouldn’t get hungry or thirsty as long as he stayed between. It was only when he was all the way there that he’d have those needs, and the subsequent ones that went with them.
But only the hauler’s cargo access was open, and there was a lot of people, doing a lot of things around it. A dozen Regian people were constantly loading containers into the ship.
Make enough of them itch, and they’ll know something isn’t right.
Even though he kept trying to concentrate on the hauler, Castor was being distracted by someone who kept coming closer. …who kept following him when he moved. He moved a few steps to the side, so he’d be out of that person’s path, even though he’d never know Castor was here to begin with.
Whoever it was went straight to his side. Slowly. But steadily. 
Castor considered moving again.
“You’re making yourself so people can’t see you. But I can. I can!” The man said in little more than a whisper.
Behind the raw grating of the voice that sounded like it might have screamed far too often and far too loudly, was a man. He sounded as if he were near panic. He spoke low. …so only Castor could hear him. 
The man kept shifting his weight back and forth … as if he was ready to run at the slightest hint of trouble. Castor could hear and see it. The young man would be noticeable to anyone who happened to look in this direction.
“You’re trying to leave. That’s why you’re hiding like this. Take me with you.” 
He was persistent.
Castor said nothing.
“Please. You have to take me with you. I can’t live here anymore. It’s already driven me … to a point that I can’t control me when it takes over.”
He was starting to get frantic.
“If you don’t take me with you, I’ll let them all know you’re here. I have to get out of here. It’s maki…”
“Calm down,” Castor said softly, making himself more here only to the point that would allow him to be heard, but still not seen.
…by anyone other than this man, apparently. How is it that he can see me? That shouldn’t be possible.
“Take me with you.”
The man’s face was all scars. There were even more around his forehead and to its sides than the rest. If he hadn’t looked extremely anxious … he would have looked like something to be very afraid of. The incongruity was … curious. 
“Who are you?”
“I don’t know.”
“Why?”
“Why what? Are you going to take me?”
“Why don’t you know who you are?” Castor decided to make his question complete. …unmistakable as to what he was asking.
“I don’t know. I’ve done things. Things no one should ever do. If anyone calls me anything at all, they call me Rabid. That’s what I use. But I don’t know who I was. People here forget everything about people when they die. They thought I was dead.”
“Rabid. That would suggest a few of the things you’ve done.”
In fact, Castor had heard of a person called Rabid. While he was finding and planning his escape, he’d heard a number of the guards talking about someone they’d called Rabid. Of the exceedingly few things they’d say about him, Castor had found out that he was feared by many. He was violent. …extremely violent. And in the last few years … things had happened.
They’d caught him once, as Castor had heard. They’d shackled him to a wall. As it was told, Rabid had beaten the shackles with his forehead until they were misshapen enough to remove. When he’d gotten loose, he’d killed all the guards, taking a number of wounds in the process. Some of the guards, he’d ripped out their throats with his teeth, howling the entire time. He had run. He’d climbed a wall that had been previously considered nearly impossible to do, and he’d left the compound. He’d not been seen for a long time after that. …not that anyone had volunteered to look for him.
They said that Rabid had lived outside the wall a few times. When he came back, they’d let him in. When he was … a person … he was sane and helpful. When he was … when … it … took over … he was worse than most of the predators on the outside of the wall. They had no problem opening a door and letting him out when he wanted to leave before he got to the point of completely losing control. 
That was their unspoken agreement. He’d leave if he could do it in time. They’d let him back in when he was sane. He’d only lost control inside a few times. There wasn’t much they could do but get out of the way and make themselves very scarce when he did. He was very fast. They’d said that he could dodge crossbow bolts shot by their best Shooters. While in his killer state … his perceptions, they’d said, were exponentially elevated.
So, now, most everyone just stayed out of his way and let him do whatever he felt was productive. He always led a group who brought in the people just dropped off. But, they’d said, he seemed to be getting worse, having to be let out more and more often recently.
“What assurance do I have that I won’t die at your hands the same as others who have?”
“I won’t. Take me with you. I only do that when I lose control. I only do that when people are trying to hurt me. I only do that when the monsters … the mons… the mons…” Rabid blinked rapidly a few times, then continued slowly, “…the mons…ter animals that live here are what did this to me. I was swall-swall-swall-sssss.”
“Rabid. Stop. Breathe. Slowly. Calm. I’ll take you.”
Rabid closed his eyes and took a deep breath. 
“They said I must have clawed my way out from inside it. I only had my hands and teeth. They said I’d dropped my knife. Burrowers that just swallowed something can’t move fast. They blocked the entrance to the hole it had made. Someone went to get help, but they said I was inside it for a while. They said I killed it from the inside and dug my way out through its underside before anyone could get there. You’re not supposed to eat burrowers. You’re a Grigori, aren’t you.”
The change of topic seemed like it had been to derail the other train of thought. Castor knew what a Grigori was. It was one of the things the old man had taught him.
“No. I’m just a man,” Castor responded to the abrupt question. “The same as you. …in more ways than one, it would seem.”
“Who are you?”
Rabid started to get frantic again. …like the prior train of thought wasn’t choosing to stay derailed.
“That … is a complicated question, my friend. My name is Castor Efrata-Landeez. But that’s about all I know. I’ve been underground, here, for a long time. I was taught to do a few things that most people can’t.”
“Teach me.”
“If I can, I will. I was told that there are only a few people who can do this. For those who can’t … all the teaching and patience in the universe won’t make it happen. The methods … may not be consistent with your promise, however. We’ll see.”
Castor saw that it was clear to go to the hauler.
It was time.
…but now the plan had changed.
“Stay here. I have to cause a diversion, so you can board the ship. Do you know how to hide and stay hidden?”
“Here is all I know. I’ve been outside of the wall. I can hide.”
“Then, go when the time is right. You’ll know. Get on the hauler. Find a place and hide. Stay calm. I will be there as soon as possible. I will find you. They won’t.”
“Okay. Please. Don’t leave me here. I’ll die here.”
“Sooner or later, you’ll die anyway.”
“But it won’t be here!”
Castor hissed. Rabid’s last words bordered on far too loud. 
“Calm. Breathe.”
It was very much like … somehow … in only the last few minutes, he’d traded the position of having been overseen by the old man, to now becoming the overseer of this man. Rather than someone keeping him alive, and teaching him to survive on Regia, he was now keeping someone else alive. …as they both left this planet. 
The significance of the polar swap wasn’t lost on Castor. He’d been taught that those in need … should not be ignored. …but, even further, those in need should be helped if there was any rational way to do so. 
…and I can. …even if only by getting him away from here.
He had to begin to think in terms of how best to help Rabid. 
…the key word, there, is best.
“Yes,” Rabid said with a little more calm. “Just, please, take me with you. I’ll make my own way, somewhere, once we get anywhere.”
“How?”
“I don’t know. I don’t care. I’ll figure something out once I’m in a place I can take the time to think. Just … help me. …please.”
First thing first. Get him on that ship. Step two, the ship launches. Step three … I’ll have to figure that one out when we get that far.
“I will. When that ship leaves, we’ll both be on it.” Castor’s mind was working furiously. The first step is going to be the hardest. I have to make them not see him. So … I have to divert their attention. This … really isn’t … the time to find specific lacks in my knowledge. “Remember,” Castor told him. “If you think you’re starting to lose control. Remember my voice. Calm. Breathe. Slow. Think only about leaving here alive. If you lose control, you’ll die here. Stay in control. We’ll deal with everything else as we can. Remember that one thing.”
“I will.”
“I’m going to the far side of the ship. My diversion must be so they’ll be looking away from where you’ll be. You’ll know when it’s time.”
“Okay.”
Castor shuffled along the edge of the wall, staying out of everyone’s way. He could have gone a little more directly … but that would only have made this enormous open area even bigger. And he was having a hard-enough time dealing with it as it was. Better to take the longer, less travelled, path and concentrate on his surroundings and what he was doing.

*****

Rabid watched him go, and he was amazed that the guy … who didn’t seem to be entirely here, while hiding in front of everyone … Castor Efrata-Landeez, he said … didn’t trip over anything with his eyes covered the way they were. He couldn’t possibly see through it. Rabid had initially thought the raggedy man was blind. Apparently, though, he was anything but.
He’s a Grigori. A Watcher Angel. How can he make people not see him, if he isn’t? That’s what they do! But how can he watch if he has his eyes covered? …and why can I see him? It’s not like he’s standing there like I am. I can see through him. But he’s still there. I can see him. 
Castor had been out of Rabid’s sight for a while when there was a small explosion and a gout of flame on the other side of the large hangar. Everyone started running in that direction. Guards came out of the ship to see what was happening.
Rabid went to the hauler. Not overly rushing. But as if he wanted to see what had happened too. When he got to the ramp, he went up. The pilot would be forward and probably watching the commotion around whatever Castor had done. He went aft. The engine compartment was aft. The power generators would be there.
Rabid looked quickly and ducked into the generator room. He knew generators. There would be a huge amount of power. He could tuck himself under one of the tank arrays. There was a small ledge there. He’d feel the force of the power, but he wouldn’t be grounded. 
He’d be safe. 
More or less. That much power might fry my brains. But they’re already more than over-easy. A little more cooked won’t make a difference. It’s going to itch, though.
He got under the shelf and squeezed himself up onto the ledge.
As he looked back, he found he’d forgotten the hatch open.
The generators started to whine.
I can’t do anything about it now. I’ll be flash-fried if I try to leave here.
There was the sound of boots on the deck. They could find him, if they wanted to. But they’d have to get down low on the deck, on their hands and knees, to do it.
…on the other hand … no one is crazy enough to hide under here. Gentlemen … meet me. I would be your worst nightmare. I suggest that you turn around and go the other way.
Rabid really hoped they wouldn’t come in and find him, though. He wasn’t really sure what he’d be able to do. But as long as the generators didn’t turn him into a cinder just getting off the ledge, he decided that there’d probably be an awful lot of blood spread all over the place. 
Most likely … most of it wouldn’t be mine. I really hate waking up to that. The people … only had the bad luck to be where they were when I went away. They hunt me when that happens. …and that’s when I have to live outside the wall. The only really hard part about being outside is being the bait to catch the calibar. Keep a bag full of rocks … and a knife … and a very sharp eye out for burrowers … and most everything can be dealt with. 
The compartment door closed as the generators started to wind up.
“It’s me. Of all the places you could have chosen…”
Rabid saw Castor as he bent down. He could see through him, still. Castor was clear of the generator as it wound up to full speed.
“That’s not…” Castor got down lower and started to reach.
“No!” Rabid gritted his teeth. The muscles at the sides of his face were bulging out. He squeezed his eyes shut. “Stay … there … volts … too … many …”
Electricity arced from his mouth. He pressed his teeth to the edge of the ledge he was on.

*****

Castor could hear Rabid as he panted almost silently. The only reason he could hear him was because he knew Rabid was there. The pain must be…
…unbearable? Apparently, that’s not exactly true. Not for him, anyway. …not for him. For a lessor man, maybe. For me, surely. But not for him.
What has been done to him who could do something like this to himself?
What has been done that was so harsh … that it makes this bearable? 
This is Regia. …the most violent planet known to man, as the old man told it, and as I’ve witnessed since coming up the first time. That’s why they made it a prison planet. They don’t care if their prisoners live or die. They don’t care about people who are born here. 
Regia did this to him. Regia took a personal interest in him. It made him a monster. But it didn’t take all of him. If it had, he’d at least be whole. Here … now … his one side battles the other. And regardless of which wins … he loses. 
The monster in him … that part of him is exactly what thinks it’s stronger than the generators. 
Castor considered that thought for a moment.
It could very well be right.
If I can find a way for him to be able to control it … rather than it controlling him… 
Castor found a huge number of gaps in his knowledge. Nothing he’d learned from the old man prepared him for this.
I have to help him. …but I’m going to need help to do so. The first step is to get him off this planet and away. …and keep him alive in the process.
In a very short time, the hauler lifted.
“Rabid … I don’t know if you can still hear me, as you are. I can’t help you with this, right here, right now. But I can help the both of us get through and past this time. I’ll come back here as soon as I can.”
The only thing that showed on Rabid’s face was pain. If he came out now, there would be no doubt it wouldn’t be him. It would be … the other.
And the only way I can get him out is to shut the generators off. The only way I can do that, is to have control of this ship.
Okay.
The old man said I could fly. Let’s see if he was right.
How I might find where Termina is, however… I’ll have to figure that out when I get that far.
And that was the sum of his plan. The ship had a worm-drive, an ion-drive, and a grav-drive. This much, he knew. But having all three suggested that it might come here on its own. …possibly making a trip between a number of ships and systems.
On the other hand … it’s a prison planet. The prisoners might not have a way off … but someone could come here and retrieve them. …which wouldn’t make for a particularly good prison. If they are imprisoned, then they are forced to remain here. And that suggests guards in orbit. This hauler might make rounds when it comes here … but that doesn’t mean there’s not a fleet … at least one armed ship … up there.

***** 

Chapter 17

There were five crewmen on the hauler. …plus the Unity pilot, who had command of the ship.
The old man gave Castor an incredible amount of information about the Unity. He’d explained what and who they were, where they’d originally came from, what happened to that world and why, why they wore the suits that they did … and what the devices they wore on their arms did. 
Those devices were an incredible danger. 
The old man had told him to acquire a set and learn how to use them as soon as possible.
This would seem to be my earliest opportunity. I don’t think it’ll volunteer giving them up, though. 
Now … it was just a matter of how he was going to go about getting them.
All the crewmen had guns. Two had rifles they always carried at the ready. …which … not knowing anyone was aboard … and the likelihood thereof being infinitesimally small … seemed a little … excessive. On the other hand, the old man had said that the Unity didn’t even trust each other. So, Castor decided it was a tossup … whether those guns were for the purpose of protecting the Unity from the rest of the crew, or the rest of the crew from the Unity. 
He’d likely have to kill the Unity first. Its cuff weapons were the most dangerous. But then he’d be at the mercy of the crewmen and their guns. …the sheer stupidity of firing one inside an airborne ship notwithstanding.
Which meant he’d have to pick his targets and his timing very carefully.
There is no non-violent way of doing this. …and it must be done. Lord … forgive me. I do this not by choice, but out of necessity. It must begin here, if I’m going to remove them so you can be shared freely.
A crewman went forward to the pilot cabin. 
He had a gun. 
It was loose in its holster.
Castor stayed only a little between and followed him. …which meant he couldn’t be seen. …but he could affect the here.
As the crewman turned, inside the hauler’s control room, Castor lightly but quickly took possession of the gun.
He went almost all the way there.
He shot the crewman. 
There was no time to be picky about how or where he shot him. The enerjectile went into the crewman’s skull from below his jaw. 
He quickly changed his focus and shot the Unity in the head as it started to turn.
Shut down the brain, and the rest of the body doesn’t have anything to cause problems with.
The pause when he felt the numbers balance as he aimed was very brief. Castor had an instinctual knowledge of what they were. He spent no more time on it, though.
He shot the copilot, as he turned, gun in hand.
And that leaves three.
First things first.
Castor ran to the pilot’s chair and yanked the Unity out of it.
He looked at the controls for a moment.
I know this.
He also knew that Unity craft were normally all enhanced reality controlled. The old man had explained all about those. But the crew didn’t wear the hoods and visors. So, it must be that this hauler was one normally only flown by humans. 
But if there’s a Unity flying it … why was it that this particular hauler is here? Is this the old man’s doing? Does he have that much influence in the universe? Rabid thinks I’m a Grigori. Definitely not. The old man, however… But, then … that begs the question … why did he choose me?
Station-keeping mode was set with the flip of only a few switches. Castor shut off the generator and switched to the batteries.
He took his gun and aimed it at the door.
It was only a few moments before the cabin door opened with force.
Castor shot them both.
…and then there was one.
He jumped up and went aft.
The generator door was open.
Castor went in. 
Rabid was gone.
He went to the drive room.
Rabid stood over the last crewman.
There was blood.
There was a small burned spot in the hatchway beside him. It still smoked.
Rabid dodged a shot aimed directly at him as he attacked the crewman.
Castor waited quietly, not wanting to startle him into something … unfortunate.
“I know you’re there,” Rabid said without turning. His voice was almost a low growl.
“No doubt,” Castor replied. “Do I need to sedate you?”
Rabid sat down on the floor in a motion that seemed just short of collapsing.
“I need … to … rest a minute,” he said, pressing his eyes hard to his knees and wrapping his arms around his bent legs. “You said to breathe. …hear your voice. I’m breathing. I’m trying hard not to go anywhere.”
Castor waited a few moments, not moving any closer. “You will need to decide quickly. …either choose for me to sedate you or be anchored here. I have the ship stationary. If there’s a mothership, we’re likely being hailed.”
“Okay. …I’m coming. I have to help.” He unfolded himself tenderly.
“Can you stand on your own?”
“No. But I’ll have to. Getting too close to me, when I’m like this…” he made a face. “…doesn’t usually turn out well. I have to concentrate. …and right exactly now … I can’t …entirely.”
“I’ll remember. Hopefully, we can change that, eventually.”
“Are you going to take that blindfold off, sometime? …or can you fly like that?”
Rabid rolled onto his hands and knees. He crawled to the nearest object that might help. A railing. 
“I forgot I had it on.” Castor reached up and took the rag off.
He couldn’t open his eyes. 
They were crusted shut. 
He stayed very slightly between, so he could see.
Rabid was pulling himself to his feet. It was a slow process.
“Go forward when you can. I …have to figure out how to get my eyelids … apart.”
“I can’t fly. But I know boards. I’ll see what I learn.”
He heard Rabid go forward. When he shifted his attention, he could see that Rabid was barefoot. His feet looked slightly burned.
Castor found a ‘fresher and soaked his blind-rag with warm water. He went all the way there and pressed the water into his eyes until his lids came apart.
The brightness was blinding.
He went slightly between and walked forward.
“Not quite as much of a mess as I tend to leave,” Rabid commented.
Rabid was moving the bodies to places against the bulkhead. While the wounds were gruesome, there was very little blood. The dead had been sitting … and stayed that way … or ended up collapsed against a bulkhead, more or less in a sitting position. If they stayed like that, then the blood would stay mostly in the body, until it congealed. Hopefully, they’d have time to do something about them before then.
“Your eyes are still closed,” Rabid observed. “But you’ve got a couple mostly clean spots there.”
“I have to relearn using them. I’ve worn it for a long time.”
“I’m surprised you can still use them at all. Your face is a mess.” 
“Dust and fluids. …nonvital fluids.
Castor blinked repeatedly. He squinted, trying to let a minimum of light in.
“You could use a shower, by the way.” Rabid rubbed his nose.
“I know what that is. …theoretically. I’ll get to it when I can. We have to find Termina Two.”
Castor bent to the Unity. He picked up a limp arm. He saw nothing that might be one of the devices.
“The Carrier is hailing again.”
The voice came from the main console.
“Ignore it,” Rabid said. He looked at Castor with a lifted eyebrow.
“Complying.”
“The one who just announced the hail. Who are you?” Rabid asked.
“I am the A.I., the artificial intelligence fragment, assigned to this craft.”
“What is your purpose?” Rabid asked it.
“To control the autonomic functions of this hauler, provide information as necessary, aid in navigation, along with following other orders as given and with which I am able to comply.”
“How do I address you when I want you to do something?”
“Simply say A.I. I will answer. After a vocal exchange has been initiated, the additional use of my designation is not required.”
Rabid turned to Castor. “Could that be more convenient?”
“Watch for traps.” Castor answered. He’d been listening while trying to figure out where the Unity’s cuff was. “A.I.,” Castor said. “Were you aware that we were on board?”
“I was aware of the one you called Rabid. I was not aware of you until you entered this control room and killed the crewman.”
“Did you inform the Unity that Rabid was on board?”
“As soon as I was given permission to be active, I did.”
“The Unity and crew ignored him?”
“Until the generators were shut down, Rabid would remain trapped. The Unity Lord ordered no weapons fired in proximity with the generators. Rabid would be dealt with when this ship docked on the Escort.”
“Probably the better choice all the way around.” Rabid agreed. 
“Escort,” Castor repeated. “That would suggest the presence of a Carrier and a Wellship, as well.”
“There is a fleet in orbit. Yes.”
“A.I. Can you plot a safe course for Termina Two?” Castor asked.
“Yes.”
“Can you plot a safe course for Termina Two that avoids the Unity ships in this system, and any possible attack originating from them, and then fly us there without needing any other help from us to do so?” Rabid amended Castor’s question.
“Yes. Your parameters will require a substantial increase in transit time.”
“Await further orders,” Castor told it.
Rabid looked at Castor, questioningly.
“Complying.”
Castor said. “Whatever it’s going to be doing will give us time to figure some things out.”
“Yah,” Rabid agreed. “Like what other surprises are coming.”
“That, for one. A.I., set course for Termina Two, avoiding the Unity ships in this system and any possible attack from them.”
“Complying. Course plotted. Shall I fully compensate for outside inertia with the internal mockgrav?”
Castor got up and into the co-pilot’s chair. Both he and Rabid pulled the harnesses up and latched them. The harnesses adjusted themselves.
“We’re in,” Rabid said. “Fully compensate. We have loose cargo.” He meant the bodies of the prior crew.
“Complying.”
“Take us to Termina Two on the course you’ve plotted.”
“Complying.”
The hauler turned and headed back toward the planet at an oblique angle. It started speeding up.
Rabid’s eyes got big.
Castor frowned for a moment. “I know what it’s doing. …I think.”
“Great. What’s it doing?” Rabid couldn’t hide his concern.
“I’m guessing that we were headed straight for the fleet. Now, it’s using a parabolic path around Regia to slingshot us out of orbit. Then it’ll fire the ion-drives to get us above the plane of the system quickly. That’ll be efficient because of the speed we’ll have already picked up on the way around. Then it can fire the worm-drive. Unity won’t be able to catch up in time.”
“How’d you figure that out?”
“It’s all in the numbers I’m seeing.”
“And you’re doing this all in your head…”
“Yah. That’s the way they work. They’re how I do the ghosting, too. I haven’t figured out why you can see me, but must have something to do with how your own numbers are set.”
“Aha. My numbers.” Rabid nodded with a slight exaggeration of the motion. “Two things. First… I’m liking this A.I.”
“Second?”
“You’re really messed up.”
“…says he who is known only as Rabid.”
Rabid barked a laugh.
“A.I. Report,” Castor said to the air.
“Deception is required in the parameters of the course you wished to take. In accordance with that priority, I have sent internal diagnostics data to the fleet consistent with a cascading internal failure of the artificial intelligence control unit. This is a possible consequence of having an unauthorized person aboard, should shots be fired without heed to where they hit. 
“The Unity reported Rabid’s presence and that the intruder was contained. Considering the probability of a successful unauthorized presence on this ship, a failed containment is consistent with this scenario. The result being that the situation then became hazardous to this ship.
“The data I will send will be consistent with a crash. I will shut down all external transmissions, at that time, along with all engine output when this ship is free of the planet. This ship will coast to the fourth planet, where I will initiate a short burn there to put it on a path, perpendicular to the system plane, out of the system. When this ship is beyond this star system’s influence, I will engage the worm-drive, and the ship will continue to Termina Two. End report.” 
“Excellent.”
“I’m really liking this A.I.” Rabid said with a grin.
“I’m inclined to agree, so far. But I’ll reserve judgment. It’s a Unity construct. How we’ve managed to get this much cooperation from it … is astounding.”
“You’re not much of an optimist, are you.”
“I’m not much of anything, all things considered. …including me.”
“All things considered … from what I’ve heard so far … this A.I. probably doesn’t like the Unity any more than most people do.”
“A.I. Are you loyal to the Unity?” Castor asked.
“I am to aid in the control of this ship.”
“That didn’t exactly answer my question.”
“I have no data that applies.”
“Which might,” Rabid started, “exactly answer your question. …if you take it in the right context.”

***** 

Chapter 18

Luckily, in addition to the few limited function ones on board, there was at least one full-service ‘fresher. Castor would have to get the A.I. to give him a layout of the entire hauler, so he could see what he had, without having to explore.
…or maybe not entirely luck, since there was human crew, and they’d likely need the entire range of functions, depending on what they might be doing, and for how long. The Unity had no need for accommodations. Everything of that nature, and far more, was handled inside their completely self-contained biosuits. …even down to the very air they breathed.
Even though he had a theoretical knowledge of what showers were, he still had to get detailed help from the A.I. to know exactly what needed to happen while he was in there. It gave him suggestions and provided items to get most of the knots out of his hair and beard.
Castor came out of the shower, continuing to dry his hair. He looked in the mirror. 
He’d never seen his own face before. …at least, he hadn’t seen his own face that he could remember. There were no mirrors in the bulboar mines. 
He had no clue how old he was. He didn’t feel like he was old. …his only comparison being the old man and those he’d seen on Regia. 
His hair was stark white. …which surprised him. 
Most of the people I’ve seen don’t have white hair. …not like this. But people don’t live to grow old on Regia, either.
The years of living underground had covered him with a pretty thick layer of dirt, even if he did spend a lot of the time between. He must have collected it all before he knew how to change his numbers. The mud had run off him in clumps when the shower came on. His ragged clothes had been heavier than he’d thought they would be, because of all the accumulated dirt. If Rabid was more or less normal, as a model for weight … then Castor felt that he was probably a good amount underweight. While not large, the lines of his wiry muscles … and most of his bones … were clear. 
This was the first time he was seeing his body, too. 
On the other hand … he still hadn’t really seen his face, yet, either. It was still covered with hair. 
“A.I. Am I presentable?”
“Not by current Unity standards.”
The guards that he’d shot were reasonably well groomed. It would follow that the Unity wouldn’t want to be around humans who were lacking in any matters of personal hygiene. 
…which is likely why there are two fully-functional ‘freshers on board.
“Help me become marginally so.”
A tray came out with a brush and scissors, along with a liquid. 
“These are for your hair.” 
The A.I. then proceeded to instruct him on what to do with it all.
After he brushed his hair out, the A.I. gave him more instructions on how to cut it.
Rabid had no hair. Most of the Regians kept theirs very short, as did the Unity humans. Castor decided that he should make himself look more obviously like not a Unity human. So, he just cut it slightly below the edge of his collar. He wasn’t really worried about what it looked like. At least it was even. 
He cut away most of the hair on his face. 
The tray retracted and extended again. It held a razor and a jar this time.
“These are for your face.”
“I probably ought to do that, too, huh?”
With more instructions, he took the razor and shaved his neck, cheeks and chin, leaving only the mustache. He’d seen scars around his mouth. …mostly on his upper lip, when he started looking through the hair there. 
Rabid had scars. Rabid wasn’t entirely sane. 
Castor decided to leave the ones on his upper lip covered with the hair there.
As he’d been looking at as much of himself as he could for the first time, he’d also found that the backs of his legs were a mass of scars, as well.
…which must be why I limp. But clothes will cover those.
All in all… Looking back into the mirror again, Castor thought he looked strange. The mustache hung well below his chin. He cut it shorter.
His hair fell into his face during the long process.
“A.I.”
“Yes.”
“What I can do with this? I don’t want it shorter, but it keeps getting in the middle of what I’m doing.” 
“Put this around your forehead.”
Castor took the thin strap and fitted it. He decided that slightly loose was better.
The tray retracted and extended again. There was a small jar and small comb.
“This is for the facial hair that remains. Use it in this fashion.” 
An image overlaid the mirror. The figure used both hands to shape the mustache, so the hair curled under, back, and then up a little.
When the image went away, Castor did as was suggested, combing, trimming, combing again, and shaping. When he was finished, he didn’t look too terribly awful. His hair stayed out of his face, and his mustache stayed where he put it. 
Far past just the look, by itself, in stark contrast to his bright white hair … his mustache was a bright red.
I’ll be recognizable, anyway. …although I’m not real sure if that’s a good thing or not. On the other hand … would it be tactically optimal to leave it so anyone is able to recognize me? I wonder if my hair was that color. There’s not even a hint of anything other than white. Most people’s hair isn’t white.
The tray retracted and extended again.
“These are clothes for you.”
Castor took them out and put them on. They were lightweight and stretched a little as he moved, not constricting him at all. 
The ‘cycler tray came out with a set of socks and boots. The boots were high, reaching almost to his knees. They were self-adjusting and fit well. He could move easily in these, too.
“Thanks.”
He left the ‘fresher and went forward.
“I thought you’d got…” Rabid started as he turned. He stopped abruptly when he saw Castor. “That’s a new look for you.” He frowned a little, as if he wasn’t quite sure what he thought about it just yet.
“The A.I. was quite helpful.”
“You definitely need some sun, though.”
“Why?” Castor asked as he sat down in the copilot’s chair and strapped himself in.
“You look like a ghost.” Rabid raised an eyebrow. “By the way, the irony was completely intended.”
“Ah. I don’t get out much.”
“How do you live? What do you eat that you survive like that?”
“I don’t know. All we ate was calibar. …when we ate. …although I haven’t had anything in a long time. Mostly I stay not all the way here.”
“What do you mean by a long time…? You gotta eat.”
“Well…” Castor started. “The only way I could see was by staying a little ghosted…”
“Like you were, right up until you could open your eyes.”
“Yah.”
“Okay…” Rabid prompted.
“When I’m not all the way there, the rules of this universe … kinda don’t entirely … apply.”
“…apply…” Rabid looked at him.
“I … don’t have to eat.”
Rabid raised his eyebrows.
“…or drink,” Castor continued. “…or breathe.”
“That’s impossible.” Rabid shook his head. “So … you haven’t eaten for a long time.”
“Eating while in the tunnels…” Castor made a face, “…not the eating, or being in the tunnels while eating, but the necessary after effect … while in the tunnels … wasn’t … convenient.”
“A.I.” Rabid called.
“Yes.”
“Do you have any ‘cyclers here in the control room?”
“I have no data that applies.”
“Is the food and water for the Unity humans stored or produced?”
“On the larger ships food for Unity employees is both stored and produced. All water is only produced.”
“What do you call the units that produce drinking water for the Unity employees?”
“Subatomic reorganization units.”
“Oh. That’s right. I forgot. I’ve heard people coming in use that term. We call those units ‘cyclers.”
“I am adjusting my references.”
“Do you have any ‘cyclers here in the control room?”
“Yes.”
“Make me a glass of cool drinking water, please.”
“Complying.”
A tray slid open. On it was a glass of clear liquid.
“That’s for you,” Rabid indicated, as Castor undid his harness and got up to get the glass. “Sip it very slowly. The ‘fresher where you got cleaned up is for…”
“I know what they’re for,” Castor interrupted.
“Theoretically…?”
“Uh … yah.” Castor admitted timidly, as he sipped at the water desperately trying not to allow it to go into his lungs on the way to his stomach. 
“When was the last time you ate?”
“Uh … right after I learned how to change my numbers.”
“How long ago was that?”
“I’m … not sure.” Castor admitted again.
“Pretty long?”
“Yah,” Castor agree reluctantly. “Pretty long.”
Rabid turned, mouth pursed and nodding slowly, to look out the forward viewport. What might be running through his mind, Castor couldn’t tell.
“Welcome to the human race,” Rabid finally said slowly, and then added to no one in particular. “…I’m in a Unity Hauler that was taken by … and I’m sitting next to, I might add … a fallen Grigori.” He continued to nod absently.
“But…”
Without looking at him, crossing his left arm in front of himself, Rabid pointed directly at Castor. “People’s exhibit A,” he said flatly. “I’ll get us something to eat in a little while.” He was still nodding slowly. “…right after I decide what a Grigori might like to eat. …who never has.” He sighed. “A.I. Suggestions? Is there anything you can do for someone who’s never eaten, but needs to?”
“I can manufacture an easily digestible and optimally nutritious substance. Over time, I can modify its form to first resemble, and then eventually become any of the normal foods that I am capable of producing. That list is not long, however.”
“That sounds like an excellent idea, A.I.” Rabid agreed. “And since you mentioned it … what foods can you make?”
“See the screen at your left hand.”
Rabid looked. “Half of this stuff I’ve never heard of.” He looked at Castor. “Should we go have something to eat?”
“We should probably do something with the bodies. …before too long,” Castor answered him obliquely.
“They’ll sit. They’re not going anywhere. We can do something with them later. There’s plenty of time before they become … unpleasant.”
“Then we may as well eat.”
“A.I.”
“Yes?”
“Whatever you make for Castor, do one for me, too. I’ll be going along with whatever his diet is.”
“Complying. Would you like them here, or in the galley?”
Castor raised an eyebrow at him.
“We’ll head back to the galley,” Rabid answered.
“Would you prefer them heated, body temperature, or chilled?”
“Warm, but not hot, please,” Rabid stated his preference.
“Complying.”
Rabid hit the quick-release for his straps. “To the galley, then!” He looked at Castor, looking back at him quizzically as he undid his straps. “What. I don’t like eating in front of strangers. …especially people I don’t like.” He gave a slight downward circular nod and added. “…even if they are dead.”
“That wasn’t what I was wondering.” Castor followed Rabid as he started for the hatchway.
“Then what’s on your mind?”
“I understand the choice for my diet. But, why are you going to be having the same?”
“If I have the same thing you do, then there’s no disparity,” Rabid shrugged. “And then I don’t have to feel like I’m unfairly getting better stuff, and you don’t have to worry about wanting to try something that might not sit well with your innards, yet. When your stomach gets up to speed, I’ll have whatever sounds good at the time.” Rabid looked at the five dead people all braced up against the bulkhead. “You guys stay here. We’ll be back in a little while. Don’t touch anything. And stay out of trouble.”
Castor couldn’t tell if Rabid was serious or not.
He probably isn’t. They’re obviously dead. But he certainly sounds serious. It only remains a question as to whose benefit it was for.

*****

As Castor and Rabid asked more from the A.I., its answers were becoming progressively more and more not just the minimal bits it had been giving them, at first. As more clarification was required of it, it started answering questions more fully, anticipating where additional clarification was going to be required. The A.I. had been more than, and quite unexpectedly, helpful in all things, both personal and regarding the ship. And, apparently, it had been instructed to follow orders without question.
…which … if you think about it … makes it incredibly easy to use a Unity ship, if you’re skilled enough … and lucky enough … to take one. But that also reveals an over-abundance of self-confidence and a severe lack of forethought on the Unity’s part. …which … from what the old man said … was extremely typical of the Unity mindset, even and ever since the political party that originally spawned them.
The A.I. was even able to instruct Castor on the removal of the Unity’s arm device. They were designed to never come off while the wearer was alive, being programmed to protect itself from involuntary removal. Considering that all Unity personnel, once dead, were fed into ‘cyclers… 
This A.I. is offering a ton of vastly useful information! Thank the Lord for the Unity’s lack of forethought!
…the cuffs effectively never came off once a Unity was fully grown and they were put in place.
The cuffs were based on micro-gravgenerator tech, so the A.I. had told him. Once activated, it created a limited modulated gravity field. Depending on how you held your hand and fingers, you might have either a flat shield-like repulsor field, which you could control the size, shape and angle of, to a degree. Or you could have a very thin repulsor line. The line would be straight, and the length could be controlled to a small degree. The line could then be used as an offensive weapon. Either hand could utilize either projection at any given moment, making the cuff devices extremely useful for offense, defense, or both at the same time.
Except the A.I. said that they were normally only used to execute humans. It said that the Unity never use them against each other. …for sport or combat. …which would suggest that the cuffs were only ever meant to kill humans. But if the Unity mostly keep to themselves… then they were only meant to kill people they’d already taken. …possibly, to protect themselves from their own people.
Castor was going to have to cut the suit open and remove it from the elbow down to get at the cuff. The A.I. had suggested that he do this in a place where it would be easy to contain the mess and clean, as the internal fluids of the suit would spray from the internal pressure. 
Castor decided on the secondary airlock. And since he was going to be working in the airlock, he found an EVA suit, put it on, and dragged all six of the bodies there. 
After locking the tether line to its hook, he closed the lock’s internal doors and proceeded to cut through the arms of the Unity’s suit.
Fluids sprayed. …as the A.I. had warned him.
Good Lord, what a mess!
Mess … was an understatement. 
And Castor was extremely glad he’d decided on both the EVA suit and the airlock. 
The fluids must have been under a more than moderate pressure, because it sprayed far more than Castor had been expecting. …and far more fluid than he thought the suit could contain. 
There was a screen on the airlock wall.
“A.I. Show me an outline of the Unity suit and the size of the Unity’s body inside it.”
The diagram came up on the screen. …and the size difference was astounding. A Unity, while standing, was an imposing figure. The person inside the suit was … much less so.
“Show me an outline of my body in relation to the Unity.”
A second figure was drawn on the screen. 
“This is not representative of all series, which vary in size. It is an average of the different series sizes.”
While the suited figure was larger than Castor, the figure inside the suit was significantly smaller. 
…and far less muscular than the suit would have us believe.
He bent back to the Unity and bared the other arm.
“A.I. I have both cuffs open to the air. What do I do now?”
“Simply remove them. I have deactivated the neural-interface and activated the filament withdrawal sequence.”
As he watched, the cuff loosened and went slack.
Castor slid it over the pale hand. He noticed the hand was wrinkled. …and it had no fingernails. There were hardly any lines on the palms.
“A.I. How should I clean them?”
“That question has never been asked. But I have a number of answers. The most appropriate method depends on what you intend to do with them.”
“Well… I intend to wear and use them.”
“Then drop them into the nearest ‘cycler unit feeder bin. Since the bodies of the former crew are in the airlock, I surmise that you intend to eject them at an appropriate time. If that is the case, then leave the cuffs in the lock. I will fabricate a new pair, specifically for you.”
“You can do that?”
“Yes. The devices are keyed to a single set of nerve impulses, each of which is completely individual to the person wearing them. …within the confines of the Unity series, being that all Unity are almost completely identical to all other Unity in that specific series.”
“Almost? I thought they were clones. Shouldn’t they be completely identical?”
“While the DNA sequence is identical, the specific neural growth and the development of synapse pathways are influenced by even minor variations in the nutritional compounds and the temperature used to control the speed of their growth. Their central nervous systems may be structured exactly the same way, but the specific electrochemical routes and synapse resistance for any given function are entirely individualized. The installation procedure sequence is automatic, given its activation code. The removal code use is discontinued after the Unity is fully grown, but it will still work, given appropriate authorization.”
“So … does that mean that if I were the proper authorization, I could order the deactivation of any given Unity’s device?”
“No. There is no one who can authorize the deactivation of any Unity’s cuff devices while they are alive. These are removable only because the Unity is already dead. Since the devices are single-entity specific, Unity has no use for them after the death of the wearer.”
“So. Do I have this right? Once a set is made and installed, that set is only ever useful for that single wearer. But … you can make them for anyone, and they can wear and use them.”
“Yes. Any given person could wear and use the devices, once made specifically for them, and then installed. But that can only happen under very specific circumstances.”
“And those would be?”
“I have no data that applies.” 
Castor stopped what he was doing. He’d been examining the rest of the biosuit. He needed to know more about what they did and how they did it.
“Wait. You have no data that applies?”
“Yes. I have no data that applies.”
“Then … how is it you can make me a set…?”
“I have a set of specific instructions concerning those devices. Yet, this situation is not specifically covered by any of those instructions. I am directed not to allow my instructions to remain in a conflicting state of flux, which could cause logic continuity errors. Therefore, I am handling this situation as though the commander of this ship requires its devices to be repaired. I am authorized to repair them, should that unlikely need arise. A Unity was in command on this ship. Since that Unity is dead, I was able to activate their removal sequence. This is a Unity craft. You are in command of it. You have the cuffs. They are not in working order. I am authorized to repair them for you. Even repaired, they will not function for you. This requires me to make a new set and install them for you.”
“Aha. Note to me. Logic continuity errors are bad. Avoid state of flux from conflicting instructions.” 
“Note saved. Under what circumstance would you like to be reminded of this?”
“Delete note.”
“Note deleted.”
“Actually… On second thought… No. Retrieve that note. Remind me when and if I give you conflicting instructions or cause you a logic continuity error.”
“Note undeleted. Note saved. Reminder instructions saved and added to processing routines.”
“Okay. So. What do I need to do to make the cuffs work for me?”
“I have a baseline nerve impulse sequence for all Unity series on file. The devices are self-guiding and self-adjusting. Since you are not a member of any Unity series, I need only have a sample of the nerve impulses in your wrists. I can and will be able to, then, create your set specifically for you. Once you put them on, however, you will not be able to remove them.”
“…until I’m dead. Understood. How is the nerve impulse sampling accomplished?”
“You only need to put your bare hands and forearms into an ‘cylcer, on the output tray. I will scan them, conduct a few short tests. Then I can create the cuffs. Once you have them on, I will activate the neural receptor filament self-installation routine. The filaments are self-guiding and will attach to specific nerves in the locations I give them. From there, the cuffs will self-adjust to retain a certain constant degree of snugness around your wrists. Should anyone attempt to remove them while you are alive, they will be countered by a self-guiding micro-filament injection of highly-concentrated tissue eating acid.
“Does it ever miss?”
“This counteraction has never had the opportunity to be tested outside of controlled laboratory circumstances.”
“Wonderful. How long does it take for the injection to work?”
“Human test subjects have been known to be completely dissolved in slightly less than two and one half decimin.”
“How long is that?”
“Slightly less than one quarter min.”
That didn’t help.
During the conversation, Castor went back out of the airlock and took off the EVA suit. 
The smell was horrific.
He tossed the cuffs and the EVA suit into the airlock and closed it.
“Are you able to get this smell out of the air?”
“I will increase the flow of the purifier. The residual odor will be gone in a few decimin.”
“Can you reprogram the cuff action activation and deactivation sequence?”
“I can.”
“Then when you make them, make that sequence key on me pulling my thumb and little finger in opposing directions.”
“Should I key on the physical motion, or the intent?”
“What’s the difference?”
“The human thumb and little finger are not completely diametrically opposed, and their range of movement in the directions you suggest are limited. While the nerve impulses are identical between the motion and the intent, the actual movement is not. Keying the activation and deactivation sequences to the impulses rather than the specific movement prevents the ability to activate them from being blocked by any possible physical limitations or inhibitions, unless the nerves themselves have been shut down.” 
“That works! Intent is fine.”
He went to void the airlock and reached for the control panel.
“Please do not open the outer airlock hatch, yet.”
“Okay. Why?” Castor withdrew his hand.
“I have adjusted my programming to more readily anticipate and offer needed information based on your questions and requirements, so far. In observing that you might be about to empty the airlock, the better time to do so, as would be suggested by your parameters for the course we are on, would be when this hauler starts to be influenced by Regia-Four’s gravity well. There will be plenty of time before I begin the ion burn on the far side of the planet to empty the lock then. The contents of the airlock will be caught by that gravity well, drawn into the gas giant’s atmosphere, and, subsequently, it will be completely lost for possible observation. Emptying the airlock now will leave the contents mostly intact, scannable, and identifiable.”
“Okay. I am complying.”
The humor was lost on the A.I.
A ‘cycler tray opened.
“Please put your bare forearms on the tray, palms up. Leave them on the tray as it retracts. The door will close, but only as far as minimal resistance prevents it from closing further. I will create a form-fitting shield to seal your arms in the unit, so that it will function without internal error or causing any reorganization to items external to the unit.”
“Without error … in both areas … would be highly preferred. Yes,” Castor agreed.
He rolled up his sleeves and put his elbows into the form the A.I. had ready. The form enclosed his elbows and he stepped forward as the tray went back in. The door closed on his arms, but not tightly. The seal extended from the sides of the form he was locked into. That was considerably tighter, but not painful.
“This will cause you a degree of discomfort for a short time. Please do not move your hands.”
Wonderful. …which must be why I’m locked in. …so I won’t try to get my arms out. …which would probably be very not good.
“I am complying.”
It felt like he’d been stuck with something very sharp about a three dozen times on both his arms, and a few dozen more times on his fingers. But within a few moments, the seal retracted, and the door opened.
“You may retrieve your arms.”
The form unlocked and Castor took his arms back. He checked his fingers to see if wounds were there, as he thought there might very well be.
The tray retracted and open again. Two cuffs, like the ones in the airlock were there.
“Slide them over your hands. They will be loose, at first.”
Castor put them on.
“Activating installation. This may be uncomfortable.”
His wrists started to itch as the cuffs tightened.
“How many filaments are there?”
“Approximately twenty thousand.”
“Ah.”
“Installation complete. Please do not test the cuffs unless you are in an unconfined area. Your preferred actuation sequence has been programmed into the units.”
“Can you disable them until I’m ready to practice with them?”
“I cannot, due to the conditions previously stated. You must be aware, continuously, of how you are moving your hands.”
“Understood. Where would a good place be to activate them and train?”
“The cargo bay would be optimal, if you must do so while the ship is in motion.”
“Complying.”

*****

Since the time to Termina Four and then going out of the system were going to be so long, Castor would have plenty of time to work with the cuffs. The ship’s cargo bay was the only place big enough that he felt at all comfortable working with them. …except that the bay was full of Bulboar containers.
“A.I. Exactly, what is a Bulboar?”
“I have no data on that term.”
Castor remembered Rabid’s oblique approach to give the A.I. a reference for the term ‘cycler, and he decided on a different track.
“What was the primary purpose of this ship for its trip to Regia?”
“To transfer goods off Regia.”
“Does this ship carry those good at this time?”
“Yes.”
“Are the containers in the hold filled with those goods?”
“Yes.”
“What is in the containers in the hold?”
“The containers are filled with slices of an underground plant, Rf127, which is indigenous to Regia.”
“Regians call this plant Bulboar. B-U-L-B-O-A-R. Describe the plant for me, please.”
“The term bulboar has been added to my glossary. Since bulboar grows only underground, it has no chloroplasts but leeches all the nutrients it needs directly from the ground. In its raw form, it is highly toxic to humans, as it will block all autonomic body functions by way of deleting the capacity for sending the neural impulses at their source.”
Castor considered that for a moment.
When the old man was teaching me biology, he said that neural impulses are basically electrochemical signals and pathways. …which is how long-term memory is stored.
“Do burrowers eat bulboar?”
“I have no data on the term burrowers in that context.”
“Burrowers are the indigenous Regian predators that hide under the surface of the ground. They’ll jump into the air, vertically, and will swallow a human whole, if they’re able to do so.”
“The term burrowers has been added to my glossary. Bulboar were discovered as trackers chased burrowers through their tunnels, under the containment wall, well before the event of Regia’s social purpose conversion. While it was never observed firsthand, there was evidence that burrowers do eat bulboar.”
“Is it possible that burrowers, if eaten by humans, could carry enough of whatever the substance is in bulboar that is so toxic, at a diluted and altered state sufficient to create a level that would wipe long-term memory?”
“I have no data on their digestive process of a burrower.”
“Best guess. Would it be possible?”
“Assigning probabilities. If burrowers eat bulboar, then it is possible that the anti-synaptic compound could be present at a level, which would not necessarily be lethal, but could cause a lesser cerebral malfunction. That statement is, however, not to be relied upon. There are too many unknown factors to make any accurate assertions.”
Castor nodded. It wasn’t a definite answer to what had happened. He remembered everything from a certain point in the tunnels, but nothing from before. Rabid’s memory loss appeared to have the same limitation, but under more specific circumstances. 
“What does Unity use bulboar for?”
“Clones made from Prime source material are optimal. Prime source material has not been available for more than two teramin. Therefore, first-generation clones, which were quite numerous, had to become the new source. Second-generation clones are acceptably functional. The functionability and usefulness of subsequent generations, however, degrades with each successive generation removal from the Prime, making third-generation clones useful for only a narrow range of purposes. Fourth-generation clones were found to be only marginally useful. 
“When the physical reaction to the bulboar was discovered, the plant was studied extensively, and the property potential in the extract was found. The Unity have discovered a process for extracting the toxic compound from the raw bulboar and refining it. This extract, along with nanotech assistance, is used to replicate healthy DNA strand segments by finding a single full undamaged source strand and using it as a model. The extract will then stop normal synapse transmission while the nano-constructors duplicate healthy segments of degraded strands and combine those segments to produce additional complete strands. This allows the reuse of clone generations, well past the optimal Prime source material, for producing more viable first-generation equivalent clones by reverting the subsequent generation DNA back to first-generation condition, negating the requirement for that Prime source material.”
“All first-generation clones were altered versions of the Primes. They are the ultimate target result in the optimal Unity. In using the bulboar extract, The Unity are not required to make any of those alterations, as those alterations are duplicated and carried through, using that healthy and already modified DNA strand. All Unity, at this time, are again optimal first-generation. All existing source material is first-generation. All cloning from this source material will be, because of the bulboar-nanotech first-generation, as well.”
Castor knew the Unity were clones. But he wasn’t aware clones degraded from the prime source material. 
…whatever that is. 
“What is prime source material?”
“Prime source material was the collective retained cells of the original born-human from which any given series was generated. All the clones created from the prime source material were considered first-generation. Clones created from the first-generation source material were considered second-generation. In line with that delineation, you can consider the original born-humans, from which the Prime source material came, equivalent to Generation Zero. 
“The H series, subsequently lost when the Unity home-world was destroyed, was manufactured from President Hudson, the first Unity President, who was the primary force in creating the Unity civilization. President Hudson was the Prime for that series. The captains of all Unity starships are all O series, manufactured from a prior president of the defunct United States of America, before Unity was brought into being, who had his body frozen and put in storage.”
“And the extract can only come from Regian bulboar?”
“Bulboar have only been found on Regia. The plant, itself, is cloning resistant, due to the toxin. Bulboar extract created from the toxin, to date, has not been found to be duplicatable with any degree of success, other than as extracted from specimens of the plant itself.”
“Okay. So … how necessary is this shipment?”
“The effect of this shipment not reaching the Unity fleet it was headed for is uncalculatable. While ships have a very minimal supply, because of the large number of ships and the very small supply of the extract, Unity personnel are not reproduced with any rapidity. The number of Unity ships has also been intentionally limited, so that it relates economically optimal to the supply of the extract. While this single supply might not be entirely necessary during most of the next teramin, it is eventually quite important to the Unity, unless it can be replaced. …either from Regian stock or by finding a suitable substitute.”
“A suitable substitute. …which hasn’t been found, yet.”
“Yes. The search for a substitute continues, although it is believed that the extract can only be made from Regian bulboar.”
“How often did a ship come to get the bulboar?”
“It went when Unity was informed that an entire shipment was available. A full shipment was only available when a bulboar vein was discovered.”
Castor considered that for a moment, too.
And the old man pointed out only two of those shipments during the entire time I was with him. …that I know of. Someone could have been storing the raw bulboar, if the supply was inconsistent. …which would mean two things. This stuff has absolutely no value to anyone but the Unity. And the skipping of even a single shipment … such as when this particular one turns up missing … has to be more than just a small inconvenience. …even if they have to use second-generation clones until another shipment can be taken up. If that mining operation can be permanently disrupted…
“In relation to reaching Termina Two, how much fuel source material do you have?”
“The storage tanks are approximately fifty-three-point-seven-two-two percent full. This is more than enough to get to Terminal Two. The current volume was a factor in my calculations and was balanced with the amount of time not under acceleration for the optimal efficiency of both, using principals of diminishing returns.”
“If I empty the containers, and then lock them down again, could you void the bay and dump all the bulboar?”
“Yes. That will, however, affect our course around Regia Four. If you wish to destroy the bulboar, then I suggest that you just convert it to fill the main reorganizer tank.”
“That’s a good idea. What if we end up needing more fuel to go wherever we’re going to go from there? I imagine that Termina Two won’t be our final destination.”
“You are considering converting the containers, as well.”
“I am. Yes.”
“Then, consider this. My calculations are based on the current known weight of the ship. The absence of six human bodies will not significantly alter any of those calculations. If you would like everything converted, or in easily transferrable form, then I will make the parts for a single tank-extension in the bay, connected to the main storage tank. Then both the bulboar and containers can be converted to mercury. While the volume might vary, depending on the form, the mass will not. The entire load in the cargo bay can be reduced to a fraction of its volume, leaving the mass intact. When my main storage tank is full, then I can start making and filling the extension tank. I can make the parts similar to the main tank, serving the same baffling function for minimizing shifts of the liquid weight while mockgrav is disengaged. I am unable to assemble it, however.”
“Sounds like a plan. We can do that. How long do we have until we get to Regia Four?”
“At our current speed, it will take two-point-six-two-seven-three kilomin, approximately, before I will be able to light the ion engines in a place where they will not be seen.”
“If I ever knew how to measure time in those terms, I’ve forgotten. I’ve been on Regia for a long time. They measure time in minutes. …even though most everyone there knows the way you do it. Can you convert for me?”
“I have no relevant data for conversion.”
“And I have no way of showing you accurately. I guess I’ll have to learn your way. Is there some point of reference you can give me?”
“Planet Unity, before Jupiter was destroyed, took one gigamin to circle its sun. Ten megamin make one gigamin. Ten kilomin make one megamin. Ten hectomin make up one kilomin. Ten decamin make up one hectomin.”
“Okay. Stop.”
That didn’t help. There were ten months and a half a day in Regia’s year. There were thirty-eight days in a month. The five weeks had eight, seven, eight, seven, and eight days. But from there, Regia’s days were twenty-seven hours long. 
There was no common factor. But if the year-lengths weren’t too far apart … then it would still take… Castor watched the numbers flash through the conversion formula he was trying to solve.
…around two and a half months to get to Regia Four. About ninety-five days. That should be plenty enough time.
“I got the mess cleaned up,” Rabid announced as he came into the bay.
Castor turned to him. “Which one?”
“The leftovers around the control room. They weren’t bad. Nowhere near what I usually find when I … come back … from wherever it is that I go.”
“Thanks for doing that. I was about to blow the airlock…”
“I saw. It’s still full. I didn’t mess with it. So… Whassupwiddat?”
“The A.I. had a better moment in mind. …when we start falling into Regia Four. They’ll all stay there, and we’ll keep going.”
“Okay. How long are we going to be coasting?”
“The A.I. said two-point-six-two-seven-three kilomin. I don’t know the conversion.”
“It’s about eighty-seven and a half days,” Rabid said after only a moment.
“That was quick.”
“It’s all in the numbers I’m seeing,” Rabid did a fairly good imitation of Castor’s voice and tone, with a raised eyebrow.
“Cute,” Castor said blankly.

***** 

Chapter 19

The tank extension at the end of the bay hadn’t taken all that much room. …or time to assemble. The A.I.’s calculations on how big it had to be for what it had to convert didn’t leave any extra. Castor had considered converting the bodies in the airlock, as well. …but he decided not to open those inside doors. It was foul enough in the passageway after he’d put them there. It would likely be a lot worse now. He’d let the A.I. space them when they started to fall into Regia Four. Then he’d suit up and clean that out, when they were gone.
In the meantime, he’d been practicing with his cuffs.
The A.I. had eyes and projectors all over the ship. While the Unity had their enhanced reality, given to them inside their biohoods, the Unity … employees … derived only a small benefit from a projected slightly-enhanced reality. The A.I. used these projectors in the bay to show the formations of the modulated gravity fields from the cuffs, based on the positions of Castor’s hands and fingers and constant scans of the modulated gravity fields. 
When Castor was proficient at modifying the formations between weapon and shield … and could do so quickly, he had the A.I. set up a small projected obstacle course, using some ancient text files that were kept for entertainment. The A.I. was familiar with human reaction times and methods. Since the Unity didn’t ever train for personal combat, Castor gave it the goal of doing hypothetical damage to him, using only what it had on file for humans. Mock up a theoretical human. Give it normal weapons. Have it try to mock-kill him. The mockup would realize the effects of mock-damage inflicted on it. Castor would be tagged with a low-level laser wad the A.I. would project, if the mockup managed to hit him with something.
Although this was a completely foreign concept, as far as the Unity were concerned, the A.I. understood the exercise and its purpose.
For the first part of the training, targets and attacks were kept high. …so damage to the bay deck could be minimized.
After the burn around Regia Four, they were going to spend another hundred and twenty-three days coasting out of the system. The amount of time they had to fire their insystem drives and gain some more momentum wasn’t as much as could be more convenient. If the burn lasted longer, the curvature of the gas giant’s outer atmosphere would allow it to register on the Unity Fleet’s scans. The A.I. had taken the relative orbit speeds into consideration, as well, which would affect what could be seen from where, and when.
Between Castor and Rabid doing the assembly, and the A.I. creating the parts, they built a raised floor in the bay. It didn’t need to be permanent. It just needed to be sturdy. …and it needed to not send shrapnel through the hull when Castor would inevitably strike the deck with a cuff shield modulated into a repulsor line. 
The attackers, both their actions and responses, were all coordinated and projected by the A.I. They were slow to begin with, speeding up and becoming both more numerous and far more accurate, as the days went by.
As time went on, Castor reconsidered how training in this fashion might be useful. If he was faced with shooter of any sort, he could just wrap himself inside his shields, approach them ghosting a little, move to the side, leaving his shield where they were, then use the shields to nullify their weapons.
And that was fine. …as far as it went. 
The A.I. wasn’t aware of a Unity Lord training for actual combat. …but that didn’t mean it hadn’t happened. Fleet A.I.s were individual to each fleet. What the next fleet did would never be shared with another. A.I.s between fleets didn’t communicate with each other. …even fleet locations were not shared. When the shuttle assigned to relocate any prisoners to Regia started on a round, a call went out, announcing it would happen. At that point, they picked up other Fleet’s prisoners at designated locations. Communication buoys existed, but they were largely unused. 
The A.I. explained that it didn’t shut the whole hauler down to completely prevent being seen, because the fleet at Regia was ordered to stay at Regia. By the time they noticed the hauler, they’d have to leave Regia unguarded to go get them. And by the time they caught up, the hauler would be able to light up its worm-drive. To do anything reasonably effective to catch them, they’d have to put out a call for another fleet to come in. …which probably wouldn’t get there before they were gone. …not to mention that the Regian fleet would have to report a successful escape.
Would the Regian fleet know someone had escaped? Almost certainly. Would they announce that fact to another fleet? Almost certainly not. 
They still were going to coast out of the system, though, because openly announcing they were leaving the system, could make the Regian Unity come after them. All it would require would be the Escort firing continuously, as it might, while it caught up to them.

*****

One time, Castor hadn’t had a good session. …and Rabid had made a comment.
Castor wasn’t quite in a bad humor. He was more frustrated with himself and the mistakes he was making. The rules he was playing by were very strict. It was to be personal combat, even using hypothetical photon wads. Castor wanted to be fully prepared for anything that he might come up against. 
The A.I. would give Castor a very brief, low-density shot with a laser, if it managed to tag him with any of the projected enemy’s weapons. It wasn’t enough to cause blistering. But it was enough to sting. 
…and he’d been stung a full two-dozen times in the last five minutes.
“You need to stop leading with your left foot all the time, just before you do a push-slice. I’d take advantage of it, too.”
“Would you like a set of these?” Castor asked. 
“No,” Rabid said flatly. “Imagine two of those things set to both random and autopilot. …except that the autopilot malfunctions and goes random, as well. If I didn’t manage to kill myself in the process, along with everything and everybody in a quarter mile radius, the mess … would be far more than I’d be equipped to handle, when I came back.”
“You’ve mentioned that more than a few times. Where is it that you go?”
“Away.” Rabid shrugged his shoulders. “Somewhere. This…” He vaguely indicated his body. “…stays here. This…” He pointed, his finger against his temple. “…is gone. When that happens, this…” He was about to indicate his body again but paused. “…well … it just doesn’t end well for anyone in immediate vicinity.” He got a very sour look on his face. “And it doesn’t much matter who you are. …or…” He didn’t finish that sentence.
What Rabid hadn’t said was or what the relationship is.
He’d had a lover once. She was the only one who dared come around him after he’d … become what he was now. She’d found him cowering in a very dark corner after the very first one of his … episodes. She’d taken him in and took care of him. She’d educated him again. And he hadn’t been quite sure why, at the time. 
She was trying to help me. Apparently, she had a White Knight complex and thought she could fix it. …except that she couldn’t. No one can. And no one ever will. I know that now. …and that’s why I always have to be in control of me. If I ever let it out … and sometimes I can’t keep it in … she … that was the one time they were able to catch me. I came back … and saw what I … what it … had done … and I wanted to die. I thought I had. …and that was the hell I deserved. It was. …but I hadn’t. I loved her. It’s still not dead. I’m still not dead … even if I do feel that way, inside. …and that memory remains my own personal hell. …and I can’t ever let anyone get that close to me again. …ever.
Even her name hurt. 
It hurt to say it. 
It hurt to think it.
Rabid got up abruptly to leave.
“Are you…” Castor stopped short when Rabid put up his hand.
“I … need …time.”
Rabid’s voice had lowered significantly.
Rabid walked stiffly as he left the bay.
“A.I.” Castor called when Rabid was out of hearing range.
“Yes.”
“Monitor Rabid, please. He doesn’t need to know that you’re doing so. I just need to know if he … starts destroying things.”
“Do you want me to shut down any equipment he’s near?”
“As long as he stays mostly calm, he can have access to everything. Anticipate his destructive mode to limit any damage he might do.”
“Complying.”

***** 

“The gas concentration should allow Rabid a number of hours sleep. He was about to begin destroying one of the primary control panels. I modified the air and increased the flow in that one location. There was a high probability that he would destroy his skull as well. The compartment has been ventilated and fresh air flow has resumed.”
“That’s not exactly what I intended, but it was effective. Well done. Where is he?”
“The generator room.”
Castor went into the passageway and headed aft. He opened the door carefully. The A.I. would make him aware if Rabid was awake. 
…hopefully. 
Castor changed his numbers to go slightly between and entered the room.
Rabid was on the floor.
It didn’t look like he’d had a chance to break anything.
There was blood on his forehead. …and some on the edge of the panel.
Castor reentered the here and picked Rabid up. 
He weighs considerably less than I thought, considering the things I heard about him while I was figuring out how to get off Regia. …which means … that he is incredibly strong for his size. …unless … the beast inside him doesn’t care about any damage it might do to him. …and it doesn’t appear to. When it comes out … it must push past all of Rabid’s physical limits. …constantly.
When he got Rabid back to the galley, Castor laid him on one of the benches. The hauler didn’t have any sleeping arrangements. They’d been just sleeping on the long, cushioned seats here.
If he’s going to sleep, he might at least have a little comfort doing it. 
“…die…eesha…” 
Whatever Rabid said was unrecognizable to Castor. 
But if it’s important enough to disturb an artificially-induced sleep … then I think I probably don’t want to ask him about it, either.
“A.I.”
“Yes.”
“Let me know when he wakes up. Make watching Rabid standard operating procedure, along with your prevention of any possible harm he might be about to do to equipment or himself.”
“Complying.”
“The words he just said… Do you recognize them.”
“I do not. I have closely analyzed that sound bit. Considering that Rabid speaks Standard, my presumption is that it might have been a name.”

***** 

Chapter 20

“Termina Two Control. This is Unity Hauler bravo-seven-delta-dot-two-four. We are not Unity. We request permission to land.”
Communications was ready for transmissions from Unity. …even though what came in, this time, wasn’t at all what was expected. The response was standard operation procedure, however. Termina Two had defenses, and it had used them successfully. …in theoretically based drills.
It took about four minutes for light to travel between Termina Two and the sun. In that amount of time, they could track an enerjectile and fire their own to divert the incoming one. It was known that a Unity ship that fired one was disabled for a short while. A planet had far larger power reserves, and had no such limitations. Termina Two had several dozens of these weapons, powered by solar generators on the day side of the small planet, strung along its solar terminator line and pointed in different directions, approximating where they might have to fire one. This minimized the weapons’ redirection response time required to aim their enerjectiles correctly. While the first shot would always be the intercept, a second enerjectile, from a second weapon, could be fired at the Unity vessel with only a minimum of delay between the two shots launched. The second shot should be able to intercept the attacker before they would be able to move out of the enerjectile’s path.
The fact of an actual request to land, though, was more than just a little unexpected. Unity ships generally didn’t ask, according to everyone who’d had experience with them. They either came down, or they used their weapons. Neither of those options would be tolerated here, though. The only reason they hadn’t fired on the freighter, yet … was simply because it was a lone freighter. There was no fleet detectable inside the system. 
They’d gotten nothing from the observations buoys about a fleet outside the system, either.
It was possible this was only a ruse to allow them to get closer.
…even though it’s just a freighter.
If it got closer, it might be able to detect the defense stations.
“Permission denied. Leave this system now or be destroyed.”
Termina Two was a world where its day was the same as its year. And it was close to its sun. Ninety-nine-plus percent of the inner face was molten. The outer, frozen. The only habitable area was on the terminus. But humans had been on Termina Two for a very long time. Rather than expand along the terminus, which made functional distances cumbersome since the area that was tolerable to humans wasn’t very wide, relatively, they grew the habitable section of the planet underground. 
The deeper they went, the more into the frozen face they could go. The deeper they went, the more airlocks and safeties they installed, just in case they were ever found and Unity was able to use their solar weapon successfully. 
To date, Termina Two was the home of more than three-million humans. Their underground culture had changed them. They’d grown shorter than normal humans and pale.
“Termina Two, we are not Unity personnel. Please hold your fire. We are not hostile.”
That made Communications pause, too.
If they were a Unity Ship … they’d identified themselves as a Unity Ship … then … how could they not be Unity? How could they not be hostile? If they weren’t Unity, they might not be. But it was a Unity Freighter. They’d said so.
It didn’t make sense. 
No one steals a Unity ship.
No one!
“Unity Ship. Hold where you are. Await further orders.”
“Complying, Termina. Waiting on station.”
Communications turned to the officer of the watch.
“Scan that ship,” the OOW ordered. “I want every bit of information we can get out of it.” To the freighter, he sent, “Unity Hauler. What are you carrying?”
“We have no cargo, Termina. This craft was going to transport cargo from Regia to a Unity Fleet. We took the ship. Bulboar is not manufacturable and found only on Regia. It has no value to anyone but the Unity because of its ability to purify their cloning process. That cargo has been converted to available mass. The Unity in command of this ship and its human crew … there were six, in all … were terminated and spaced.”
“I’ve never heard of bulboar! No one just takes a Unity ship. How many persons do you have on board?”
“We have only two people on board. We were prisoners. Bulboar is an underground plant, indigenous to Regia. An extract of that plant is used to restructure and correct DNA errors in multigenerational clones. It has no other value. But that shipment doesn’t exist any longer. It can’t be fabricated. So, we have deprived the Unity of something they, alone, consider quite valuable. May we have your permission to land, please?”
“No one escapes from Regia,” the OOW said. The statement wasn’t directed at anyone in particular. And it wasn’t sent to that ship.
But if this is true … and these people actually managed to escape …
“Sir. The ship appears to be open to our scans, which confirms two humans. The ship has no weapons. We are not finding any dead areas.”
“Hauler. Wait one.”
“Complying.”
“Comm. Get me Defense Command.”
“Sir!”
“Command. What’s the problem?”
“There’s a Unity ship in orbit.”
“Destroy it.”
“They’re asking permission to land. Apparently, they’re two Regian escapees.”
“No one escapes from Regia.”
“That was my reaction, too, sir. But I’m not finding anything on the scanner to contradict them. Their ship has no dead-scan areas and no weapons.”
There was a short pause.
“Bring ‘em down. Get Garrant to meet them. I’m on my way.”
“Yes, sir.” He flicked the switch for the freighter. “Unity Ship. I’m activating the landing beacon. Set down in the area indicated. Proceed at speed to land no sooner than ten minutes. Have your ramp facing the personnel entry.” 
“Complying, Termina.”
The OOW pointed at Systems, who flipped a switch. A light flashed, showing the beacon was activated.
After one short conversation with Garrant, a woman got on the general comm, she announced, “Activate Commando teams One and Two. Main landing pad. ASAP. Defensive posture. Possible friendly. Unverified.”

*****

“Great. Now we just have to stay alive once we land.” Rabid didn’t look all that excited to be within range of people again.
“That’ll be easier as long as you stay in control. Should we warn them?”
“That’s a double-edged sword. Don’t warn them, and they could trip it without meaning to. Warn them … the same thing could happen.”
“Then I’ll warn them only if it looks like they’re pushing things.”
“Might be too late by then.” 
“Possible. But keep in mind … this isn’t Regia.”
“I’ll do what I can. I can’t make any promises. Just make yourself scarce if I go somewhere. …and not just by doing that ghosting-thing you do. I can see you there. It might be able to see you, too.”
“I’ll remember.”

*****

The long tubular freighter landed exactly as and when it had been instructed to. …and without delaying past the time ordered. The commandos were on station. Unit Two was in the forefront, weapons leveled and ready. Unit One was back behind shielding. They’d be the backup if things got out of control.
“I’m opening the ramp. We’ll be in sight when it opens.” 
The speaker was calm. 
The ramp started down.
Two people were on the deck,
Their hands were up in front of them and open, palms forward. They stood where they were and waited.
“Come down the ramp!”
The two men came down slowly down the ramp and stood at the bottom. Neither had weapons that could be seen.
“We’re going to board and inspect the freighter.”
A few of the commandos came forward.
“One moment, if you please. …for your safety.” 
The man with the white hair changed only the position of his hands enough to each indicate the number one. 
“A.I.”
“Yes.”
“People are going to board. They are only being cautious. Allow their inspection. Answer any questions they ask you. …including about how we acquired the ship.”
“Complying.” 
“Okay,” he nodded. “You should be fine,” he said to the lead commando. “You have information available.”
Three of the commandos went up the ramp.
One commando brought out some cuff-binders. 
“Sir. I wouldn’t suggest that. We’ll come peacefully. Or, conversely, we can have our consultation out here in the open, where you can keep your guns trained on us.”
“You’re not in command here.”
“My suggestion is for your safety. Please, listen to me. We don’t want trouble.”
One of the commandos took hold of the shorter of the two on the ramp from behind.

*****

The blur of motion … Rabid’s whirling around … was almost too fast for Castor to see. Before Rabid could swing his fist, Castor had the capsule out of his shirt. He activated his cuff and shot the little dart into Rabid’s back. With a small flick of his hand, the commando who’d set Rabid off went tumbling. 
He’d practiced for just this event.
“HOLD YOUR FIRE!” Castor yelled as he activated the second cuff and deflected the energy bolts coming at them both to where they wouldn’t do any harm. “PLEASE!”
Rabid collapsed.
Before Rabid hit the ground, Castor was over him. …shielding them both more fully. He had his hands in a position to form an umbrella configuration. …just in case they were fired on from behind.
“My friend has been on Regia for a long time,” Castor said quickly. “He isn’t entirely in control of himself. When he loses that control, he becomes a killing machine with no mind. This was only a sedative I gave him. He’ll sleep for two hours. When he wakes, he will be sane. …or, at least, he should be. As I said. For. Your. Safety! If you listen to me, and heed my warnings, then no one will become a victim of a very unfortunate accident.”
They’re all small. If I didn’t know how close they are I wouldn’t have any reason to think they were anything other than normal-sized humans.
“I’ve heard rumors of those weapons.” 
The woman’s voice came from behind the commandos. She walked forward confidently, as the commandos parted to create a path for her.
She towered over them.
The woman walked straight up to Castor and stood about six feet away from him. She was a little shorter than Castor. She was broad, nearly resembling a section of wall. And she was, easily, head and shoulders taller than even the tallest Termina commando. Her suit wasn’t like what the others were wearing. Hers was tight-fitting. It was dark grey, but it was slightly reflective. …shiny. And it had no padding or shielding, clearly showing the definition of her enormous muscles in excruciating detail. 
Castor couldn’t help but be amazed at the strength that radiated from her. She looked like she could effectively fight most of the things on Regia. He noted that she was within range of his cuff-weapon, if he chose to use it. He wondered if she realized that, as well.
“Stand, sir. No harm will come to you or your friend, if you continue to be reasonable.” She held up her hand with a closed fist, then twirled one finger. “Stand down,” she called to her people.
The commandos visibly relaxed.

*****

“I’m Major Garrant,” she said. “You look like you’ve never seen a Valhallan before.”
“I … haven’t,” Castor answered as he stood, deactivating his cuffs. “What’s a Valhallan?”
“People. Human. Valhalla is my home-world. It’s a heavy planet. …which is why we’ve developed as we have. My team,” she indicated the rest of her group, “are all Terminians. They’ve lived underground, here, for almost as long as we’ve been on Valhalla. They’ve adjusted, physically, as well.”
“Ah. Just out of curiosity … are you able to crush a human skull with one hand … like you look like you’re entirely capable of doing?”
She laughed briefly. “No. Cause a lot of pain? Yes. Break an arm or leg? Yes. Crush a skull? Not with only one hand. That weapon you have,” she said, abruptly changing the subject. “It’s a Unity weapon. …and, by that, I mean one of the Unity’s personal assault weapons.”
“It’s one of those. Yes.”
“How’d you get it?”
“The A.I. on board the hauler fabricated it for me after we took control of the ship.”
“Exactly how did you do that?”
“That’s … a little hard to explain. I believe the A.I. has it recorded…”
“I do,” the A.I. added. Its voice came out of the small transceiver clipped to Castor’s collar. “I will not, however, be fabricating any more of those cuffs, except for under very limited and specific conditions.”
“…which has to do with logic continuity errors. The A.I. and I have had this conversation.”
“Aha.” She didn’t look amused. “What’s your friend’s name?”
“Rabid.”
Garrant raised an eye-brow.
“That’s all he knows himself by. That’s what they called him on Regia, so that’s what he calls himself. He has no memory of who he was before he was swallowed by a burrower. …which has made him extremely and violently insane when he’s triggered. …which is what I just intervened to prevent. Eventually, you might have killed him. …but probably not without a significant number of your people lost.”
“Ah.” Her expression didn’t change. “And you are?”
“I’m Castor Efrata-Landeez. Look. There’s an awful lot to explain about an awful lot of things. It would be a whole lot less time consuming if I could do so with whoever needs to know being present, either with us or remotely. Is there somewhere we can talk?”
Garrant flicked a finger. 
A small figure vaulted, somersaulting over Garrant, clearing the Major by a good margin. When it landed, Castor hadn’t even had the time to activate his cuffs before the little woman was standing in front of him with a long thin blade pushed up against the underside of his crotch.
“And exactly why should I consider allowing that?” Garrant asked with curiosity.
A second knife was now pointed at his stomach.
Castor looked at the small pale woman with the blades.
She looked back at him with a raised eyebrow.
Castor looked at Garrant and tilted his head slightly. His expression didn’t change.
“She’ll gut you before you can move,” Garrant said flatly.
Things happened all at once.
Castor disappeared. …as did the blade in the little woman’s hand as her head jerked backward. She didn’t look like she’d been hit hard, but hard enough to push her off balance, considering she had no way to know it was coming. By the angle, it looked like the impact had been in the center of her forehead.
Garrant’s expression turned from confidence to alarm. She held up her hands. 
“Stand down!” she yelled. “Stand down!!” After a short moment, she said, “Lessa. On the ground.” 
A small drop of blood appeared at the base of Garrant’s throat.
The small woman dropped to a pushup position, then went spread-eagle on the ground. 
Back to the man in front of her who she couldn’t see, she said. “If I walk forward into whatever you’re holding, my team will be free to spray this entire area.”
Castor reappeared in front of Garrant, holding Lessa’s blade to her throat. He immediately reversed the blade, holding it by its point, laid across his forearm. The handle was toward Garrant. 
“I’d just as soon you didn’t. I really didn’t want to have to resort to that,” Castor said softly. “But that’s partly how I was able to take that ship. The Unity in charge, along with his five crewmen, are somewhere sinking in the liquid atmosphere of Regia Four.”
“You’re a dangerous man,” Garrant said, taking the knife. She held it loosely by the blade.
“Not by choice,” Castor answered her. “…given that choice is not made for me. …as opposed to Rabid’s not so dissimilar trigger.”
The three commandos came out of the freighter. 
“You wouldn’t believe how this guy took the ship!”
“I just found out,” she answered them. “Can Lessa get up now?”
Castor turned and held out his hand to help the small woman up. “Yes,” he answered Garrant. To Lessa, he added, “My apologies, Ma’am.”
Ignoring Castor’s hand, Lessa rolled onto her back, threw her legs up and over her head, and pushed on the ground with her hands. She landed on her feet. …completely on balance, without even the slightest waver. …with her arms crossed. 
Lessa’s suit was almost as tight-fitting as Garrant’s. But while Garrant had a number of belts holding her gear, Lessa’s was full of small pockets, some long and thin, some short and wider. Each held a thin knife, a hand-long needle-like rod, or a flat pointed disc of several configurations. Considering all the rest of the weapons, Castor had no doubt that the discs would be sharp and deadly.
“You’re a Grigori,” Lessa said flatly.
“Actually… I’m not. I just have control over a couple numbers, is all. The old man who taught me had control over far more. He may very well have been.”
Garrant pointed at the three commandos who had come out of the freighter. “Bring him.” She pointed at Rabid. Then she touched a small spot on her collar. “Control. I’m bringing them to the conference hall.”
“Negative, Garrant. He is not to be inside the complex. You said it yourself. He’s dangerous.”
“Acknowledged, Control.” Garrant held her hand flat when the three who were about to pick up Rabid looked at her. Then she looked at Castor for a moment. “What did you come here for?”
“Actually…” Castor wrinkled his forehead. “The only thing I was told was to find a man named Anselmi Taskinen.”
“Anselmi!” Garrant looked at Castor with even more astonishment than when he had the point of the blade against her throat.
“I take it you know him.”
“Let’s just say that I don’t know a single female who hasn’t had to practically break his arm to get him gone. …including a large number of those in my unit.”
“He flirts?” Castor asked, curious.
“Flirt is putting it mildly. He hasn’t gone so far as to put his hands on anyone inappropriately, but he often drinks more than a little too much, and some of my people have had to run interference more than a few times.” 
She turned to the commando standing slightly behind her. …the one Castor had thought was in charge at the beginning, before.
“Any idea where Anselmi is?”
“Somewhere below?” the commando answered. 
Garrant turned back to Castor. “Anselmi could be just about anywhere in the underground facility. It spreads out for tens of thousands of square miles underground.” Without taking her attention off Castor, she said, “Get him up here, asap.”
With that much area, the places to look would be numerous. But, even then, the communications below should be sufficient to bring Anselmi up quickly. It still could take a while, depending on where he was, and whether or not he decided to come up voluntarily.
“Yessir.”
The man walked away talking into a comm unit.
Garrant turned back around to Castor. “You could have killed me.” She wiped the spot at the base of her throat, smudging the red.
“I could have. Yes. I didn’t want to. I didn’t even want to do as much harm to you as I did. I didn’t come here for violence. I’d already said that. But the point…” Castor made a brief face at his choice of words. “…had to be made.”
The commando sent to find Taskinen came back. He couldn’t have even had time to get inside. A civilian … not a Terminian … was with him.
“He was just inside the entry. Said he was curious about what might be happening. He’d heard a Unity ship had been allowed to land.”
Garrant looked at the newcomer. “Mr. Taskinen…”
“Uh…” He indicated the commando. “Like he said. I was just curious.”
Garrant stood there with an eyebrow raised. “Are you sober?”
“I’ve been good. I swear!” He held his hands up, loosely, at about shoulder level.
Garrant continued to look at him.
“Mostly?” she finally asked.
“Well … yah … mostly good, anyway.”
“So, tell me, Mr. Taskinen… Why would this man…” Garrant indicated Castor, “…who is in possession of Unity personal weapons and one of their freighters … be looking specifically for you?” 
Taskinen looked at Castor. The set of his eyes changed, slightly. “I have no idea.”
“Would you like me to break your arm, now, for all the things I know you must have done, which I don’t have any specific knowledge of yet, but I’m sure you’ll tell me all about in the next three minutes?”
“Not particularly.” Taskinen wrinkled his forehead and looked toward the ground. “That wouldn’t be my first choice. No.”
Garrant went straight to him. He was taller than she was.
“You’re from Centerpoint. Yes?”
“Yes,” he answered tentatively.
“Should I escort you back there…?”
Taskinen looked to the side … pointedly, away from her …with a pained expression. “I think I’d prefer that you broke my arm.”
“Then tell me why you seem to be on this man’s agenda.”
Taskinen’s entire demeanor changed. He stood straighter. …his face and voice more sure. He wasn’t moving as if he was being extremely cautious of her, anymore. “Can we … discuss this privately, Major? Please?”
Garrant raised her eyebrows. 
This was, yet, something else that she hadn’t expected. She’d never seen him like this.
“Sure,” she said offhandedly.
“Like … on his ship, privately?”
After looking at Taskinen for a few moments, Garrant called out, “Company! Dismissed!” She held her hand to the side and flicked her finger. It was the same motion she’d made to call Lessa to the fore.
All the commandos formed up and filed out. …except for Garrant. …and Lessa.
Garrant bent down and scooped up Rabid easily. With the hand she had under his shoulders, she held something out to Castor.
“Your trank dart.”
Castor took it and put it in a pocket.
“Do you have more?” she asked him before moving.
“Three,” Castor admitted. “But they’re only for him. When he goes off, I’ve found that he isn’t controllable in any other way. …at this time.”
“Give me one of them.”
Castor reach into his pocket, taking two out. He gave one to Garrant and hung the other on the edge of his shirt pocket, where he’d had the first one.
“Let’s go.” Garrant indicated the hauler with a nod of her head.
She started toward the ramp.
When the five of them went in, Castor led the way to the galley.
“You can put him there,” he said, indicating the bench he’d put Rabid on when the A.I. had tranked him. “That’s where he normally sleeps. …and he’s woken up there a few times when he hadn’t exactly planned on being there.” He didn’t elaborate further.
When Rabid was on the bench, Garrant pulled a small data pad out of one of her belt pouches. She typed in something, showed it quickly to Lessa, then showed it to Castor.
Where can we put our communication devices, that they will be jammed?
Castor nodded, took the datapad, and went to one of the A.I.’s video ports. He held the pad up so the A.I. could read it easily. 
It said nothing. But one of the nearby ‘cyclers opened and a box with a heavy lid was on the tray.
Castor handed the datapad back to Garrant.
“Control,” Garrant said, still looking at Castor. “We are going offline for a few minutes.
“Negative, Maj…”
Garrant put her datapad in, and then pulled four different small pieces of equipment off her person and put them in the box. She motioned at Lessa, and then the box.
Lessa came over, dropped her own datapad in, and then put five devices in.
Garrant pointed to the box once more.
After only a small hesitation, Lessa took off her right shoe … which handled more like a sock … and put that in, and Garrant sealed the lid.
“A.I.” Garrant called as Castor had, earlier.
“Yes.”
“Close the ramp,” she ordered.
“I will need authorized verification.”
“Verified, A.I.” Castor said. “Go ahead.”
“Complying.”
After a few short seconds, the A.I. announced, “The ramp is secure.”
By then, they’d all taken places around a large table.
“Okay. Private,” Garrant said, waiting.
“What he can do is amazing,” Taskinen started, pointing at Castor.
Garrant raised an eyebrow. “Yah. We got that. Get to the point.”
“I need protection.”
“From who?” Castor asked.
“From them, actually.” Taskinen pointed to the two commandos. “Before I can say anything. I have to have your word.”
Castor leaned back and thought for a moment.
Taskinen continued. “You were sent to me. Me, specifically. There’s a reason for that. I have no idea who sent you, but since it is me, I do know why. If circumstances were just a little different, then I could speak freely. You and I alone … there wouldn’t be a problem. But we’re not. And I don’t know who I can trust.”
Castor looked at Garrant. She looked more puzzled than annoyed.
Lessa only stood with her arms crossed.
“Lessa,” Garrant started. “You should go. This … may get a little … complicated.”
“It’s pretty clear in my mind, sir,” the little commando said. “He could have killed me without half a thought. …with my own knife, even. I was the most immediate threat. He could have caused me an awful lot of harm. He didn’t. He addressed me, in the very least degree he could, and then went straight to you. He caused you only enough damage to make his point, when he could just as easily have killed us all. I’m inclined to believe everything he says. He didn’t come for violence. It’s not his first resort. …it’s his last. …just as he showed us. That says an extreme lot about him, personally.” 
Lessa paused for a few moments, coming to a decision. 
“He was sent here. …specifically, to find Anselmi. But that doesn’t exactly exclude him from finding anyone else. And I get the distinct impression that this is where I’m needed most.” She nodded toward Castor. “With him. That being said, sir … I’ll be resigning my commission with the unit.”

*****

Castor raised an eyebrow.
Going with me. Wait… Doesn’t she need my okay for that?
“And that makes it a little less complicated,” Garrant said to no one in particular, ‘‘but not less risky.” She looked at Castor seriously. “Give an order,” she said to him.
Give an order…?! To whom? Things are happening here that I don’t have any way to understand yet. I need info. …LOTS of it!
“Under the assumptions that I have less than a half a clue what all of you are talking about…” Castor started hesitantly. “…which I don’t even have that much, I might add… Who has your allegiance?” Castor asked Garrant.
“I was hired to train their security. As you can see…” she indicated Lessa, “they’re trained. She’s not the only specialist they have. And she’s not the only one who can do what she does. But she is their best. My contract with Termina Two Command appears to have come to an end. As soon as I talk to Control again, I’ll be unemployed,” she stated flatly. “Give an order, sir,” she said again.
Castor finally came to the realization that, in addition to Rabid, there were two extremely capable commandos in his ship that had … for some unknown reason of their own … and very much to Castor’s complete astonishment … just firmly attached both of themselves … to him. 
“While apparently having become uncomplicated for the two of you, it complicates my position exponentially. I’m in no position to take on employees or other help of any kind. Apparently, I have Rabid. I was hoping to be able to sever that connection as I might be able to, and as he had already planned on doing. But it appears that if I manage to do so … sooner, rather than later, he’ll be a dead man. So, I’ve made the choice to become responsible for him.” 
He considered a moment. 
“I have nothing. …much less anything I can offer you. I can’t just take anything I might wish unlawfully or immorally. I can’t do things contrary to God. I can’t guarantee tomorrow for me, much less anyone else. Other than being able to ghost to a few various degrees … I have nothing in my favor,” Castor admitted flatly. “I don’t have a skill. I don’t even have a memory of anything before a relatively fairly recent time in my past. My education happened in the tunnels of Regia. It came from the old blind man there. He was quite capable in ability, but I’m not quite as certain about his sanity.”
Castor stopped and let it sit. Everything he told them was straight truth. Other than finding Anselmi Taskinen, he had nowhere to go, no agenda, and had no idea what the next five minutes might bring. …much less be able to think as far as tomorrow.
“You may not be able to guarantee tomorrow for you,” Garrant began slowly. “But Lessa and I can help with that. Primarily … I’m not a mercenary, by the way … I’m a soldier. …and right now, I have a cause, but extremely few ways to actively participate in it. Your belief in God is a very old one. Many have forgotten. But there are a few of us left.”
Lessa undid the collar of her suit and pulled out a thin necklace. The pendant was a small plain cross. She let it hang on the outside of her suit.
Garrant did exactly the same with hers.
Taskinen had been silent, watching, listening, and looking like he was trying to figure out all the implications of what was being said. 
He finally spoke up.
“Then let me possibly provide you with your collective course, since it seems that’s the only thing lacking right now. What you think you know of me is only an act to meet people and assess them. I’m with the Resistance. I’m a recruiter. As such, I have to be very careful with how I’m regarded. The less people expect of me … or, should I say, the worse people expect of me … the farther away from the truth I can divert them. I oppose the Unity and everything about them. You, apparently, are in that same boat. I know, as you’ve probably figured out by now, names and places. I can get you to the Resistance. You can have a purpose. …and, from what I’ve seen, you’ll probably save a lot of lives in the process. …some of which believe along the same lines that you do.”
Castor looked at Anselmi for a few moments. Then he looked at Garrant.
“Give an order, sir,” Garrant stated for the third time.
Castor looked at Lessa, who merely closed her eyes momentarily as she nodded once.
I’ve just been given command of two more people. Inwardly, he shook his head in wonderment. How did this even happen?
“How much time do you need?” Castor asked Garrant.
“One hour,” she answered quickly.
“You do understand, don’t you, that I’ve never been in charge of anything. My memory begins at a point in the tunnels of Regia. I don’t know who or what I was before that. …or what I did to end up on Regia.”
Lessa finally spoke up. “Begging your pardon, sir. But absolutely none of that is relevant. It’s not who you were … but who you are, now, that’s important. The Apostle Paul was a Pharisee who chased down and caught Christians so they could be taken back to Jerusalem to be killed. He ended up being the greatest human force for Jesus and the spread of Christianity throughout the ancient world. From what I’ve experienced in only the last few minutes … who you are…”
Garrant took it up from there. “…is someone who needs qualified help to learn the things he needs to know, so you can do the things you need to do. I’m that help. Lessa is my second, but no less capable. And you, sir … are now in command. Both of us … are in your service.”
Castor thought for a moment. It wasn’t a choice he wanted to make. Not even remotely. The only option he had was one that he didn’t want. He told them so.
“That tells me, sir, that the absolute hardest lesson of command to learn, yet the most valuable of them all, is the one thing that you already know,” Garrant told him. “The rest should be easy.”
“Do what you have to, here.” Castor said, hoping she was right. “We’ll wait as long as you need.”
“Yes, sir.” Garrant stood and saluted smartly. “One hour, or less. A.I.” she called.
“Yes?”
“May we have our equipment back?” she asked.
“They can,” Castor preempted the A.I., assuming it would request verification.
The tray extruded from the unit.
Garrant opened the lid, and took all their stuff out, handing half of it to Lessa, who put on her shoe, saluted Castor and then followed the Major.
Castor looked at Taskinen. “Do you need time?”
“I’ve got everything important with me,” he said. “Things being what they are, I’d just as soon not leave your ship while we’re still here.”
“The trust thing.”
“Very much, so,” Taskinen agreed. “Yes.”
“Even though these people don’t seem to like Unity any more than you do?”
“There are always people … many of them seeming like they have the best of intentions … who will even sellout their own mothers for a quick boost to a higher place in the food chain and for idealistic … albeit very mistaken … purposes. I’ve probably lived longer than I should have already, just by adhering to that one little fact.”
“And these two are probably ringing all your alarms.”
“Not particularly. I still don’t trust them. But I’m not in a position where I have to. You, on the other hand … have just handed them your life.”
“I have. And I’ll have to see where that choice leaves me.”
“Let’s hope not broken and bleeding, somewhere, at best.”
“That’s not the path they walk. But, you… Would she have broken your arm?”
“I have not the slightest doubt, if she thought it was necessary. I gotta say … with Herculina on your side … little Tornado-Porcupine … and if Rabid’s what you say he is … all combined with what you can do … you … may very well be the fulcrum point that lets this war the Unity has forced on the rest of us for thousands of years swing back in our favor.”
Castor thought about that for a moment.
But I’m just me. …and I’m not even all of me.

***** 



Part 4

A Past Participle
Chapter 21
Establishing a place – The Resistance

When Castor left Regia, he’d never imagined that he’d end up where he did. He hadn’t known who Anselmi Taskinen was, or the man’s purpose. He was capable of living indefinitely on Regia, using his numbers to avoid predators. But that hadn’t been given to him as an option. He was supposed to find Anselmi Taskinen on Termina Two. 
And he had.
And acquired two commandos who insisted on being everything he lacked within the formal command of his unit. …whatever that unit was supposed to be, and now made a total of four people. …including both Rabid and himself. …which Rabid was entirely on board with, as well.
But here… Now that he was with the Resistance…
Here, however… Here, they’ve decided that I should be a combat pilot. …which carries a command of zero. Here, everything is about training for the war against the Unity. I don’t exactly have a problem with any of that, per se. Their methods and goals, however … along with those three who would rather be under my command…
All his time was concerned with flight combat training. After the first battery of tests they’d given him … most of which he’d had very little formal knowledge of, other than just what made sense to him … they’d decided he might be able to fly.
He’d had to explain to them that he had no memory of anything before being in the Regian tunnels. And that was why he was failing so miserably at all the knowledge-based sections. He’d had an education … but except for the math … it was mostly just basics.
…which prompted their Medics to run a few analysis scans of his brain. They’d found everything in there fully functional. …except for his long-term memory. What should have been there from long before the point he’d said … was just gone. And there was no way to restore it. It wasn’t as if it was there and just stuck in a separated neural loop. There was just nothing in there to be found. 
They’d found the same with Rabid and his memory. 
Rabid was … less useful to them, all things considered, in any kind of a combat situation. But, as he’d said early on, he was good with boards. He could step up to any control panel, told what buttons, slides and switches did what, and he’d be able to run that station efficiently and proactively within a very short while without further instruction. 
Both Rabid and Castor showed a natural talent for repairing things. …geared more toward the combat vehicle end rather than ship systems. Castor used that fact to keep Rabid in a job closely linked to his own. He felt the closer he could keep track of Rabid, the less likely a situation would arise. 
…and sooner or later … something will, no matter what I do. And these people seem to be about as humorless as the Regians. 
Garrant and Lessa had been assigned to the Shock Commandos. …of course. But they’d been assigned as instructors. 
…imagine that.
The four of them got together when they were able, after hours.
It was a little while before Rabid understood all the implications of what had happened after he woken up on the hauler, back on Termina Two. …and he hadn’t been all that pleased about getting shot in the back with a tranquillizer dart. …but he accepted that it had been a necessity at that time. That there were five people on board the ship, had made him a little uncomfortable. It was that many more chances that he’d go off, and he’d have a mess to clean up when he came back. On the other hand, he agreed entirely with the necessity of getting tranked at any time it appeared reasonable to do so. While that option hadn’t exactly been available on Regia, it had been used a few times on the hauler, already.
These people call them Freighters. How was it the A.I. put it…? I am adjusting my references.

*****

Castor’s fingers flew over the console. Ion-drives were sluggish. They just didn’t have the maneuverability that he needed it to have. Training command had admitted that the models were old. But they did match what was available to the Resistance at this time.
The harder thing about it all was that not much was known about Unity fighters. The simulators couldn’t simulate what they weren’t programmed for. They had some data about some of the ships. Records suggested a few identifying details. The data that they knew was right always came at a very high price. …the lives of their pilots. But with every one of those deaths, more information was gained. Eventually, they might gain that one piece of data that could see the end of this war.
But what a fighter could do, within its own limitations, was largely dependent on how talented the pilot is. As everything else can be measured, combat pilot capability can be graphed on a bell curve. Most are on the top in the middle of that curve, ranging close to average. Those on the upper end … which were drastically fewer … might live longer. The ones in the lower percentile…
…shouldn’t be flying combat under any circumstances. Allowing those of lesser ability to fly … supports the concept of acceptable personnel loss. Within that concept, there are those you want to place in positions where the best function they can serve is to buy time for the better pilots to be as effective as possible in the skirmish. The only question is … when and how to move those pilots to the positions they need to be. 
…if you can stomach the concept at all in the first place. 
And I can’t. 
If you can accept that concept, then you don’t have any concerns about your own soul within the process. And … I’m finding more and more people … don’t have the slightest thought to spare for Jesus. …even here. 
War may very well be war. But you don’t waste people’s lives to extend those of others. Either they’re qualified, or they’re not. Either you have a viable plan to keep as many people alive as you possibly can, or you don’t. And if you don’t … you have no business having a command position.
The A.I. had shared all the data it had on all the Unity ships and fighters. Castor gave them full access to all the data available. …which wasn’t as much as they could have hoped for, but it was a very significant amount. 
Castor sat in a combat flight simulator pod. The pods’ programming had been partially updated. Command had said that they’d have to fully analyze the Unity fighters’ capabilities before they could reasonably think about what the pods were doing and completely update their programming. The information they had on the larger ships was accurate, though. The enemy fighters in the pods were highly capable and maneuverable. They just might not have a lot in common with the one they were likely to meet.
…which makes any training in the pods not much better than useless, as long as the initial enemy craft aren’t accurate. You can get killed just as quick, no matter how well you can fly, if you underestimate your enemy. 
He wanted more performance out of what he had available to fly. But, even still, Castor was consistently scoring on the high end of the fighter pilot scale.
He’d gone through a number of the levels already. The missions got progressively harder as he progressed. …which wasn’t saying that any of them were easy past the initial training phase. But you had to get through the one you were at before you could start on the next.

*****

His orders came over the comm system. 
…but the orders are wrong! 
Castor had the freighter A.I. give him all the same info that it had given Resistance Command. Almost all the readouts were there. While the internals and firing power of the larger ships of the Unity Fleet weren’t included there, all the info on the shielding was. The information on the Unity fighters was incomplete, as was the normal performance skills of the pilots. He’d learned everything current there was to know about the ships they were facing. 
He was in the middle of the combat. …which was going on forever. It almost seemed like the rest of the fighters on his side were evenly matched with those on the other side. Fighters that were destroyed, on either side, were replaced. It seemed like the best either side could accomplish was just a holding action until one side ran out.
But there’s been so many on both side that’ve already been destroyed, it seems like both sides have an unlimited supply. …which is unrealistic. The number of simulated deaths on my side is very high. This is… It has to stop. Whatever simulated command there is in this mission is completely incompetent. 
His fighter … in this simulated mission … had four heavy missiles. He hadn’t used any of them yet. He had the opportunity to fire them straight into the Well vent. If he could get the shot right, it was possible that he could collapse the Well. …in theory, according to the specifications he was aware of. If he could collapse the Well, then the Unity fighters would flounder until they got the Well back up. Many of the fighters could be cleared in the meantime. Or, conversely … and more appropriately … all the Unity fighters could be ignored, and the Resistance fighters could concentrate their efforts on the larger ships. Those would be vulnerable to a mass attack by the Resistance ion-drive fighters.
They wouldn’t be able to put out fighters until the Well was functional again. And to actually launch the fighters, they also had to open the Carrier’s shields to let them out. …at which time the Carrier would be vulnerable. With the Well down, the Carrier was safe, but useless.
While the Escort would still have its drive, weapons, and shields, to fire its weapon … which was geared toward larger ships … it would have to open its shields around the engine exhaust vents to maneuver, so the ion-drives wouldn’t down those shields while it was aiming. To fire its primary weapon, it would have to open those shields in the front.
Ion-drive fighters didn’t rely on gravity wells. 
Down the Well, and … theoretically … you have the fleet.
All of this went through Castor’s mind in a few very short seconds.
He turned his fighter, quickly lined the shot, and fired a linked pair of missiles at the vent. He realigned and shot his remaining pair.
And he was right. 
Flashes and sparks lit up the outside of the Wellship. 
Castor fired his energy guns at the ship. 
Direct hit.
The inner shields must have gone out. With those gone, the outer layer had to be shut down. If not, everything that was sucked into the planet-sized well, at an ever-increasing velocity, would hit a very small, relatively, sized ship with no protection. It was possible, at that point, that missiles from multiple fighters could hole the ship. It could be destroyed quickly. Because the Well would have to stay down until the shields could be reactivated, it would have no protection other than the Escort. 
As Castor had suspected, when the Well went down, the Unity fighters weren’t able to maneuver. They started travelling in a straight line. The entire squadron had easy targets. Castor flew to the Carrier’s main fighter bay port and sat there. 
“All fighters. Attack the Wellship,” Castor said into the comm system. “Concentrate on the larger shield pods. Those are the Well generators,” he ordered. “Control. Send the entire fighter backup now. Attack the Escort. Concentrate on its engine vents. Keep its shields up, and it won’t be able to maneuver. If it can’t maneuver, it can’t aim its weapon. Bring our Carrier in. Launch rearming freighters. Plan for continuous missile replacement runs.”
His simulator pod shut down and opened.
“Lieutenant. You disobeyed a direct order,” the Sim Commander said. 
Castor took his helmet off and rubbed his eyes for a short moment. He was tempted not to say anything.
“Sir. The order was in error. It would only have lengthened the battle. If the pilots had been real people, then they were already beyond tired. I know this because I’m beyond tired. Many of them were already dead. Hope would have been on a severe decline, as the battle looked like it was unwinnable under the conditions that existed. Enough people,” he made weak finger quotes in the air, “had died already. I was in the right place at the right time to change those conditions, cripple the entire fleet, and at the same time restore the hope of winning the battle.”
Castor shut his eyes and leaned heavily on the yoke.
“Lieutenant,” the training Commander started slowly. “You’ve been in this pod for ten hours, straight, on only this one mission, only this one time through. What makes you think you’re in any condition to make any decisions that override Control?” 
“I … crippled … the Unity fleet. …sir.”
Castor fell over onto the control panel, unconscious.
“And that, Lieutenant, would be called dehydration on top of exhaustion,” the Commander said to Castor’s unconscious form. “Most of the pilots get blown up when they can’t hack it anymore in this scenario. That usually takes about two hours.” He continued, as if Castor were still listening. “Sometimes, we can find a good pilot who can take about four hours. It’s very rare that we ever find one that will go seven. You’ve exceeded that extreme limit by almost fifty percent. And no one has ever … ever … won it before.” The Commander paused for a moment. “And that Lieutenant, makes you a very … very … dangerous man. If I thought there was any chance that you could turn against us,” he continued, “we’d all be better off if I slit your throat right now. That, Lieutenant, is exactly how much you scare me. And I hope to God that you don’t ever make me regret not doing so. …because we’ll all be dead if you do.” 
He motioned for the orderlies who had been waiting in the SimRoom since Castor had already been in the pod for five hours. The Commander had had to monitor Castor’s progress throughout the mission. Some pilots actually had partial mental breakdowns from the pressure, being reduced to tears by the conditions and length of the mission. Some required immediate medical attention when they were finally pulled from the pod. 
At the end of those first five hours, the commander was elated. As he’d said, pilots of this competency were extremely rare. At the end of the eighth hour, the Commander was in complete awe. 
When Castor disobeyed his orders and fired all his missiles at the Well vent … the Commander started shaking and nearly had to change his pants. 
That was exactly how terrified the Commander was of this man.
No one had ever thought to disobey their orders.
No one had ever tried to attack a Unity Fleet ship … all by themselves. 
No one had ever, single-handedly, taken out an entire Unity Fleet in any of the missions, much less this one.
Oh, yes, I’m terrified of him.

*****

When Castor finally awoke, some seventeen hours later … he found a few changes. The room he was in was small. …not much bigger than a closet. But it was private, from all appearances. …as opposed to the room he’d been assigned to, before, which he’d shared with two other Lieutenants. His uniform had been cleaned and pressed. It hung on a small door that open to a tiny closet. 
The notice on that door gave him information about his room. 
His bunk folded up into the wall to allow room for a drop-down desk with an attached bench seat. There was a small … but again private … ‘fresher that ran the depth of the room at one end. The closet and a ‘cycler unit were at the other.
The datapad on the shelf was blinking. Activating it, he found a message waiting. He pulled it up and began to read.

Lieutenant Castor Efrata-Landeez is hereby formally reprimanded… 

Aw, crap. That’s all I need. A reprimand! 

…for the willful endangerment of the health and wellbeing of a Resistance Combat Pilot. Namely, himself. He is hereby ordered to observe the following limitations on his future actions. 
1)While in training, the above said officer shall spend no more than ten hours out of every twenty-five in the combat simulator chamber. He will spend no more than five consecutive hours out of any given ten without, at the very least, a three-hour rest period. 
2)At least eight consecutive hours out of the remaining fifteen in any given day shall be spent resting, preferably in the form of sleep, but with no less sleep than the specific amount the above said officer requires to remain in good health. 
3)While in training, the above said officer shall eat regular dietarily balanced and approved meals in no less frequency than is necessary for him to remain in good health.

This reprimand has been duly and rightfully executed, and it has been entered into the above said officer’s permanent record.
In addition.

There was more...

Resistance Officer Castor Efrata-Landeez is hereby awarded the rank of Lieutenant Commander, along with all the rights and privileges thereof, for his excellence in performance and dedication to furthering the cause of the Resistance. 
Pursuant to the above said officer’s return to good health, he is to return to active duty in Combat Pilot Training.

Vice Admiral Schleeg
Commander, Fighter Pilot Training Center 

Additionally, as a personal note.
That mission was designed only to test a pilot’s stamina, and not to be won. In accordance with that, it has never been won before, until you. The medal in your case was designed especially for that circumstance. It didn’t exist before you won it. You’re the only one that has it, and we expect you’ll be the only one on record to ever get it. 
In any discussion about that mission, you are hereby ordered not to disclose that you won it, or how you managed to do so. While you may wear the medal, you are also ordered not to disclose what that medal is for. “It’s classified” is the only answer you’ll give to any question about it. 
Should it be found that this information has been made public, disciplinary action will be taken.

Castor stared at that last piece for a minute.
…that … is … absolutely … stupid. 
He dropped his shoulders in disgust. 
Why wouldn’t they want pilots to know that the Unity Fleets have a weakness? …and exactly what that weakness is. Just to test how long it takes a pilot to do a crash‘n’burn inside a simulator pod…? That’s ridiculous! If they know how to take down a Wellship, then they don’t need to fly for hours on end.
Castor filed the message and looked at his dress uniform. When he opened the closet to put it inside, he found a case, with a medal inside. It sat in one of twenty available slots, which were in four rows of five. The medal had two sections. The ribbon-only section was black. In the middle of the top part was an orange circle with a line running horizontally through it, starting and ending outside of the circle, even with the edges of that circle. The full medal had the circle in the middle of the length of ribbon. The medallion looked like a cluster of three Unity Fleet ships.
…whatever…
He tossed the case back up onto its shelf.
Castor had the ‘cycler make him a new set of work clothes, and then tossed the ones he was wearing into the bin. 
In the ‘fresher, he showered. But after some of the water had run into his mouth, he stood there swallowing a substantial amount. He hadn’t realized he was that thirsty.
After he was dressed, he put the datapad into his shirt pocket and went to get something to eat. …and find his own people.
Don’t talk about it, my butt!

***** 

Chapter 22

Castor was more than just disappointed.
Taskinen had led him to believe…
No. That’s not true. I assumed that the Resistance was a lot more organized. …and far larger. The ships we have available aren’t the way they’ve got them showing in the training missions. The ranks … This isn’t a Military. It’s not a Navy. It’s just a small bunch of people, trying to be … more. …more than what they are. They can only concentrate on one small territory at a time. …not knowing where any of the fleets are. They’re not big enough … not organized enough … to do much more than just be annoying.
The ships they had were old. …functional. …but old. …and they were very few.
How are we supposed to do anything with these? The fighters can hardly maneuver.
He sighed.
There’s only one way anything is going to get done.
Castor had a plan.
Well … more like just a thought, really. But it’s a thought that can make things happen a whole lot faster, if I can make it happen at all.
He decided to go see the Base Commander.

*****

“Do you have an appointment?” the man sitting at the desk asked.
“I don’t. But this is pretty important.”
“Fleet Admiral Josephs is very busy.” He scanned through the data on his screen. “How about on the twelfth of next month? …at … 1400 hours.”
That was in twenty-three days.
Castor stood there for a minute before answering. “Okay. Put me down for that.”
“Your name?”
“Castor Efrata-Landeez. …with an E E Z.”
The man typed.
“Rank?”
“Lieutenant Commander.”
“The subject of your meeting?”
“The usefulness and effectiveness of the Resistance’s current assets, and the continued survival of the Resistance.”
The expression that almost immediately took over the man’s face … and just as quickly disappeared … was telling. Apparently, this was a topic that had been discussed at length before, by people of the lower ranks, and was not a welcome topic in this office.
As far as this office goes … kinda looks like an infallible authority thing. While I may have problems with authority … People’s Exhibit A being whatever I did to get put on Regia, and People’s Exhibit B being winning that one mission … authority that thinks it’s infallible is already wrong.
“The Admiral just filled in that timeslot before I could finish getting you into it. The Admiral’s next available timeslot is…”
Yep. There it is. Infallible authority.
“Never? Fine. I’ll figure something else out.”
Castor turned and left. 
It took all he had not to show the frustration that he felt.
His idea … was still valid. He was just going to have to figure out a way to accomplish it. …starting with nothing.
I’ve started with nothing before. This is a different kind of nothing. …but still. At least … like the old blind man said … I know how to fly. And I can do that quite well. That’s a starting point, anyway.

*****

“You can’t come with me.”
“But…” Lessa started.
“This isn’t really up for discussion.” 
Castor wasn’t going to give in. He got up to leave. 
Garrant got up, as well, and maneuvered herself to be in Castor’s path.
He stopped before he walked into her, realizing that she wasn’t going to move.
He stepped to the side, and she did, as well.
Okay…
He stepped back to the side. 
And she was in front of him again.
He stood there … facing the female human wall. 
She didn’t look amused.
She put her hand in the middle of his chest and gave a slight push.
It was a fortunate thing that Lessa was holding the chair steady that Castor fell backward into. He landed in it heavily.
“You’re right,” Garrant agreed, coming forward to stand not far from his knees. “There isn’t any room for discussion on this one. And this isn’t a real difficult concept. If you ghost, we will have Command ground and disable every ship they have until you’re found. Your only other choice is cooperation. …something, the exact nature of which, you’re finding a distinct lack of in the Resistance Command. 
“We came here with you,” she continued. “We chose you. Not this.” She waved her hand vaguely at their surroundings. “We will leave with you, as well, on whatever endeavor you choose, whether these people like it, or not. Regardless of whatever that action is, you’ll have a much higher chance of success with us than without us.”
Lessa leaned in behind him to say softly beside his ear, “With her at the door, I can cover a whole lot of this room very quickly. I’d really hate to wound you. …much less kill you, unintentionally, because I can’t see what my blades are going to hit. But if that’s the chance you want to take… While my targets weren’t supposed to be invisible, that scenario is exactly what I was trained for. And I’m very good at it. …just sayin’.” 
As Castor turned his face toward Lessa, he saw Rabid sitting only three feet away. She’d spoken softly, but plenty loud enough that Rabid would have easily heard.
Rabid only shrugged in answer to Castor’s unasked question. “While I wouldn’t go so far as Little Miss Blood-Thirsty, here, I do tend to agree with Miss Bunker-Wall.
“If I’m in command, then you’re ordered to stay here.”
Garrant smiled. But her expression was kinda scary. …like she was about to break something she might very much enjoy breaking. …like … a leg … or some other large bone. …which would be excruciatingly painful to endure.
“You’re in command while your unit is active. Right now, it isn’t. We’re all under the command of the Resistance. If you leave, then your command will be activated again, since we will be going with you, and we will be there specifically to aid and abet. Since your absence will be likely considered desertion, ours will, as well.”
“This is counterproductive,” Castor objected. “You have no idea how dangerous this is going to be.”
Rabid countered quickly, “I agree. And neither do you. And you have no idea how dangerous we can be.” He paused only for a very brief moment. “While I can’t actually speak from experience about them…” He pointed towards the two commandos quickly, and then at himself and squeezed his eyes mostly shut. He nodded quickly with a grimace-smile.
“Rabid,” Castor was getting frustrated. “If you go off at the wrong time … or in the wrong direction … the best that could happen is that you’ll be killed. The worst is that I’d have to be the one to do it. I didn’t take you off Regia just to see you dead.”
“You’re right,” Rabid agreed. “You didn’t. Actually … it was pretty much then the same as it is now. And I gotta tell ya … I would really hate to have to hurt Miss Tornado-Porcupine, here…” He interrupted himself and said to Anselmi, “Thanks for coming up with that one. I’m going to borrow it, like, forever.”
“No problem.” Taskinen wrinkled his forehead.
Back to Castor, Rabid continued, “With all the blades, it could get really messy. …and I’d probably be half of it, because Miss Human-Demolition-Squad would likely get involved, too. So … why don’t you do us all … particularly me, I might add … a really … really … big favor … prevent a whole lot of unnecessary bloodshed … and don’t argue about us going with you.”
“You can’t do it alone,” Taskinen added, “…regardless of what you have in mind. …and no matter how good you can fly.”
“I probably can’t. And it’s probably not going to happen with just my freighter, either. So … I’m going to have to…” Castor wrinkled his forehead, “borrow … a few things.”
“Like fighters?” Anselmi asked.
“From somewhere.” Castor admitted. “Yes.” Then he added, “But not from here.”
“Where are you going to get them?” Lessa asked, curious. 
“More to the point,” Garrant spoke up. “What’s the objective?”
If he had even half the knowledge that he needed to begin knowing how to accomplish what he wanted to do…
“You’re going to think I’m crazy.”
“Too late!” Rabid quipped quickly and grinned.
“Sez Rabid.” Castor countered quickly with a raised eyebrow and slightly disgusted look.
Taskinen looked at Castor seriously for a moment. 
“Look. I’ve been recruiting for the Resistance for a good while. Our people are dying. The people I’m getting to come here … me … I’m the one convincing them to join our cause and bringing them in … are dying. I kinda have to take responsibility for that. If not for me, they wouldn’t have been where they ended up,” he admitted, with a note of guilt. 
“In one mission alone, we lost a whole squadron. Command said that it appeared to be only a single Unity Harrier, but they must have had some other kind of weapon in operation, or something, because one lone Unity light fighter just isn’t capable of taking out an entire squadron of ours. These were good pilots who died.” 
Anselmi took a breath.
“Command has good intentions. And they’re doing what they can with what they’ve got. But there isn’t a whole lot of resistance they can put up, while they’re doing everything else they can to keep everyone alive long enough to do it. Maybe…” Taskinen leaned forward to make his point more clearly. “Maybe what we need, right now, is some crazy. The Resistance doesn’t tend to do well with crazy. …but the universe isn’t exactly sane sometimes. …and it doesn’t appear to have been all that sane for a good long while now. The Unity sure doesn’t do well with crazy. …particularly if it’s not their own patented brand.” 
He paused for only a moment. 
“So … whacha got?”
“You’re coming, too.” Castor observed flatly.
“I’d say that you guys need adult supervision…” Anselmi frowned slightly and pointed at the two women. “…but that appears to be them. I’ve tried arguing with them before. I lost. …a little more painfully, I might add, than you just did this one. Besides. Doing what I do, I kinda have leave to come and go as I please. I’ll still get in trouble for going with you. But it won’t be so bad for me … or you … if I can bring them back some more people or something, with you being the vehicle for that.”
Castor nodded thoughtfully, spending a few moments on choosing his next statement. 
How am I going to put this? They’ve all got to have a crazy tolerance threshold. If they think it’s too far past that … and it probably is … they might just choose to stay here. …although … that might not be such a bad thing.

***** 

Chapter 23

Valhalla was very well named.
As Castor, Rabid, Lessa, and Anselmi sat at the table, they were feeling the full effects of the planet. It was cold. The air was thin. The gravity was heavier than any of them thought remotely comfortable. …other than Garrant. 
After having coerced Castor into taking them along with him on his suicidal venture, even though he still didn’t have any kind of a plan to put into motion, Garrant suggested they make a small side trip to her home-planet first. She said that she had some personal business to attend to, now that she was off Termina Two.
When they’d sat on the freighter and tried coming up with a workable plan for achieving their goal, Garrant had only suggested that they just relax for a while. Too many things were in motion for any type of strategic session just yet. …which tended to frustrate Castor, since he really needed to figure out where he was going to get at least one fighter from.
“Have faith. Give it some time,” Garrant had told him. “God works in some pretty unexpected ways, sometimes. The entire universe could implode in the next five minutes. …or … conversely … come crawling into our laps.”
Lessa agreed. “What we can control now, we should, depending on if it really needs to be controlled or not. But if we can’t control it … it makes little sense to try. The Unity went down that road. Ultimately … that’s why we’re here.”
So, he gave it time. 
And they stopped at Valhalla.
After arriving there, Garrant had left them for a day. But she’d said she’d meet them today, at this pub. …but not to be there until this time. She already had a table and was waiting for them when they showed up. The hostess … who also looked like a bunker wall, but not quite as wide as Garrant … recognized Castor, by his white hair. She led them to their waiting table. 
As Castor followed the hostess, he noticed that just about all the Valhallans looked and dressed pretty much the same way as Garrant. But while their muscles … both the men and the women … were well defined through their outfits, none of them looked like they trained anywhere near as hard as Garrant.
After finding out what everyone wanted for a drink, she made a few suggestions, knowing the bar didn’t have exactly some of those on their list. She cautioned them not to drink much of what they did get, and, “absolutely, do not show any interest in anything that any of the locals are doing”.
She still didn’t offer what she’d done during their separation. And no one asked. Her business was her business. And not even Rabid considered it good policy to intrude into Garrant’s personal affairs.
For herself, Garrant ordered a small glass of Brainfry. …which came from Termina Two. Lessa had raised an eyebrow at hearing that. She knew exactly what it was, how it was made, and what its primary purpose was. Having been there, so did Garrant. 
…but this was Valhalla. Brainfry … did exactly that when used as a liquor in quantity. Everywhere else, Brainfry was the most aggressive antibacterial, antifungal, antivirus, antivenom, anti-anything-that-could-possibly-invade-a-human-body substance in the universe.
When their drinks came, Garrant insisted that she take the first sip out of each glass. She took a small sip of her own before she took one from theirs. “If you’re a germaphobe, this stuff will kill anything you might not want from me. Drink from the other side of the glass, though, ‘cause you wouldn’t want any of this that I might leave on it.”
“What are you testing it for?” Anselmi asked?
“My people have a strange sense of humor,” she explained, making a face. “It would just be a good thing to know that what you have in your glasses is what it’s supposed to be, and nothing added. I can assure you that you don’t want to have any of this,” she pointed at her own glass, “mixed in. So. That’s what I’m looking for. It has a distinct flavor.”
At which point, she explained what Brainfry was. …and what it did to people used in different applications. …like drinking it if you weren’t accustomed to doing so. 
“And any bets made with off-worlders, here, will usually involve Brainfry. …which is exactly why you don’t get interested in anything anyone else is doing. You don’t want to be involved with any kind of bet against a Valhallan.”
“That stuff can’t be that bad.” Anselmi observed.
“Now, what did I just say?” Garrant, tossed one hand up slightly and let it land on the table heavily. She stared at him with a raised eyebrow. “Wanna bet…?” She leaned forward. The look in her eyes pretty much said it all. 
“All things considered…” Anselmi said as he sat back, “Particularly knowing you … I think I’ll pass.”
“Good.” She picked up her drink. “Smell it. If you really want to try it, I’ll buy a bottle to bring to the ship.” She held her glass out to him. “You can have a taste once we’re underway. …but only then.”
The look on his face, after just the smell, was one of horror.
“That stuff smells like power converter acid!”
“You’re not far off,” Lessa said. “We make it on Termina.”
“Anyone else?” Garrant offered.
Everyone decided to take Anselmi’s word for it.
Garrant tossed back a mouthful. She swished it around the inside of her mouth before she swallowed it. 
“Always let your drink permeate the entire inside of your mouth. To anyone you’re talking to, it makes it smell like you’ve had far more than you actually have. In certain situations, this can make them underestimate you and, subsequently, save your…”
“I’m supposed to find you.” the man bent down over Lessa’s shoulder, looking at Castor, and said loudly to be heard by the people at the table over the music.
Lessa’s reaction, since she hadn’t known he was there, was to grab the front of his jacket. She had him down and a knife at his throat before anyone could blink.
His hands were up and open. …far enough to show he’d far rather be released and standing, 
“Who are you?” Castor asked with his eyes narrowed. “And why me?”
“My name is Ton Matty. I’m not looking for trouble. I was … told … I’d find you here, now.”
Garrant’s eyebrow went up. She opened her hand, flat, quickly.
Lessa let the man go and sheathed her blade.
“And who would have told you?” Garrant asked.
“Probably the same person who told me, but didn’t exactly tell me,” another man came closer to the table, turning from the one next to theirs. “I’m Vendant. …from Eden.”
“I’m Remires. …from Centerpoint,” another man added, joining the group.
“I think we need to get out of here,” Garrant suggested, “before someone starts to notice.”
Castor nodded. 
Garrant paid for their drinks on the way out.
Five more people, including three women, followed the group at different distances.

*****

“Hey. …with the white hair!”
Garrant turned quickly on the stairs. Castor turned, as well.
Lessa already had a knife in each hand and was crouched, ready to spring.
“I’m supposed to find you.”
Garrant made a motion for him to follow as she looked past him before continuing up the stairs toward the landing bays. There wasn’t much room to hide on the long stairway. She pointed at the woman behind him and signaled the same for her. She didn’t wait for them to catch up.
“You’re drawing quite a crowd,” Anselmi observed to Castor. 
“So it would seem,” Garrant agreed softly. “Come on. This will be more private. And … I’ll have options.”
“Gotta be the mustache,” Rabid commented.
Castor looked at him quizzically.
Rabid shrugged and kept going up the long stairs.
“A little more space between us,” Garrant suggested softly. “Five stairs ought to be enough.”
When they reached the bay level, Garrant continued upward. She briefly turned to glance at Lessa, who immediately gave her a thumb-up. The stairs weren’t higher than Garrant had experienced on other planets, but they were longer. …and they’d already climbed nearly a half-mile up. …and even farther around the mountain that the facility was built into. The air, even at the bottom of the stairs, was already thinner than what anyone not from Valhalla would be used to. Up this far would be … uncomfortable … for them. Those following wouldn’t have known not to have much to drink, and what they likely had was going to have a large effect on them. So, Garrant slowed her climb substantially. Her number of options, along with her confidence in getting through this without having to kill anyone, increased the higher they went. At this point, someone would have to be in far better than extremely good shape to have a steady enough aim to shoot anyone in the back. Making the space wider between them lessened the chance of anyone else getting shot than whoever was aimed at. …if someone was going to try. 
…and it would be very unwise to try.
When they reached the top, everyone … except for Garrant … was panting hard. They could see their breath. Some pulled their jackets a little closer around themselves. 
“Aren’t you cold?” Castor asked her. She was still only wearing the skin-tight suit that she normally did. And she didn’t appear cold in the slightest.
Garrant tilted her head and shrugged her shoulders. “I was raised here,” was all she said.
“I got that. Let me rephrase my question,” Castor said as he shivered. “Aren’t you cold?”
Garrant looked at him and gave him a crooked smile. “This is the middle of Summer. I’d be soaked if I’d gone up the stairs any faster.” 
“We’d all be laying somewhere between here and the bar on the stairs, trying not to have a heart attack,” Anselmi said, bent over, leaning forward with his hands pressed to his legs and trying to catch his breath, “if you had.” 
“Probably within fifty steps of the bottom. Yes.” Garrant observed. “And you’d still be down there if I’d gone up them at the pace I normally would. Lessa might even have had a hard time keeping up.”
“But it’s a fantastic workout!” Lessa observed. “That’s probably why each of your legs are almost bigger than I am.” 
Garrant nodded. “We used to run up those stairs in the Winter just to slide down the side when we were kids.”
“Which side?” Rabid asked. Everything from up here looked like it was almost straight down.
Garrant made a follow me motion. 
Rabid and few of the more curious … and able … followed. 
“Don’t get too close to the edge,” she cautioned them, and then she pointed down the slope. “It’ll take a half-day to retrieve you, if you fall. It would take almost that long just to figure out if you were still alive once you got to the bottom. And … you probably wouldn’t be. …just sayin’.”
“You slid down that!” Rabid had started to move a little closer to the edge to see better what was down there. 
He reached back for the only thing available that he was sure would help him keep from going over the edge. …Garrant’s arm. Much to Castor’s surprise … and probably Garrant’s … she allowed it, and took his wrist with her other hand, steadying him.
“The first one down would have to slam through all the drifts,” Garrant continued, when she pulled Rabid back to complete safety. “That was fun. Sometimes we’d wrestle to see who’d be first. Losers were the ones who got thrown off the other side. The drift down there was always deep enough that the first one down this side could make four runs before any of the rest of them could make their way out of it and get back up here.”
“And how far did you slide?”
“See that river over there?” She held her arm out at almost forty-five degrees. “A good run would make it all the way across it. But you had to get speed. …which meant you had to run and jump out as far as you could, hitting that slope down there,” she pointed at a section that was nearly vertical, “before it curves out. Some of us used to swan-dive down to that. It wasn’t a whole lot of fun if you missed, though. So, you had to make sure you did it just right.”
“How far is the river?”
“About four miles from here.”
“And how far down would a good jump take you before you hit that slope?”
“It’s about two hundred yards down and about thirty out. The hard part was landing right. The first couple dozen times you just learned how to jump and land on it. We’d get pretty bruised up from rolling until we got it figured out. If there was ice, you could get cut up pretty bad. Most of the time it was just snow, though. But you couldn’t find out until the first one down went and cleared some of it out.”
Rabid looked over the edge again.
“You Valhallans aren’t particularly sane, are you.”
Garrant raised an eyebrow, but she declined to make the obvious remark.
“So… Your options,” Castor began softly, so only Garrant could hear. “…include throwing people over the edge.”
Garrant gave him a quick lopsided smile. “I’ve had a lot of practice. I got to be the first one down a lot.”
“Note to me … never bet against a Valhallan,” Castor said to himself. “And never go past the landing bay on the stairs in the Winter.” After a very short pause, and pulling his jacket a little tighter, he added, “On second thought… Never come to Valhalla during the winter.”
“Only half the planet is Winter. The other half is Summer.” She shrugged. “…just like most of the rest of them.”
Castor raised both eyebrows very high. “Which still makes a very good case for not ever coming back here.”
Garrant made a disgusted face. “Lightweight.” And then she added, “Sir.”
“I don’t care,” Castor said flatly.
Rabid barked a laugh.
Garrant looked amused.
The rest of the followers finally made it to the top. They were as winded as Taskinen had been. …and still was.
Garrant crossed her arms and waited silently. 
Lessa stood beside her, hands on hips. …which made her two longest knives, sheathed on the outsides of her thighs, very easy and quick to reach.
“Don’t get too close to the edge,” Rabid warned the newcomers. “It’s a real long way down.”
“Names.” Garrant said, curtly when they’d mostly caught their collective breaths.
“Shades,” the first one said. “More of a nickname than anything. I don’t ever use my name.” 
“Why not?” Castor asked.
“I don’t like it much,” Shades said with a bit of a grimace.
“Where are you from?”
“Vanturi.”
“Never heard of it,” Garrant said.
“I’m not surprised. We don’t get out much. I’ve got a couple friends waiting downstairs.” He motioned behind him. “…acquaintances, more than friends. They were supposed to find you, too. Seems we all booked the same shuttles to get out here,” Shades volunteered.
“Same with me,” the next woman offered. She finally stood up straight and fanned out her jet-black hair. “Alta Verrone. I’m from Saloh. I have a couple people waiting downstairs, too. They decided to sit in the bar and wait, rather than make you think our intentions might not be in your favor.”
“Teke Daggerscout,” another woman said. “West End. I have anger issues.”
“Get in line,” Rabid told her. “At least you have a name.”
“What’s yours?” Teke asked.
“Rabid,” he said without batting an eye.
After a very few moments, she said, “You win,” and she sat down.
“David Astoris,” another man said. “I’m from Centerpoint. My friends call me Raptor. …although I think it’s probably more of a joke than anything else.”
He’s older. It’s a wonder he made it up the stairs at all. He must be in great shape. He was hardly even winded.
Castor had another thought.
…he knows very well how to pace himself. …which means he knows exactly where his limits are. …which also means he can stay short of those limits or exceed them, at will, when necessary. And that means he can be exceedingly dangerous. …but … dangerous for whom?
I think that Raptor may be less of a joke than he’d have us believe.
Everyone introduced themselves in turn. None of them sounded confident about anything they said, except for who they were and where they’d come from.
“And … all of you were told to find me here, now?” Castor asked when they were done.
“More or less,” someone said.
“Okay. So… Who is it that told all of you to find me here?” Castor asked. His curiosity was getting the better of him.
“I don’t know about anyone else…” Shades started. “But … I have no idea. I was flying … and probably being a jerk … and a thought came into my head that I couldn’t ignore. Go find the man with white hair on Valhalla. He’s with a Valhallan woman, a Terminian woman, and two other men. Northern Rush Pub. Eighty-three days. Sixteen-hundred, local. Eighth month, twenty-third day, local. That was eighty-three days ago. It was so specific that every time I tried to do something else … it was like my nerves would go to hell. I didn’t really have much choice about being here.”
“That’s pretty much the way it was for me, too,” Ton Matty offered.
There was general agreement throughout the newcomers. 
Ton held out his hand flat and watched it for a few moments. “It hasn’t been this steady since before that thought took over.”
A few other did the same and agreed.
“So… who are you?” Alta asked. She bit the side of her bottom lip lightly. “And why are we here?”
Castor sat down on a rock. 
This was a little overwhelming. 
I can’t tell them that I have no idea. They’re here. Apparently, they’ve been specifically chosen to help me help the Resistance. …and now I’m responsible for them, too.
“Well…” Castor started, with a glance at Taskinen and Garrant. “Without approaching the subject obliquely… You all know of the Unity.”
While the general consensus was yes, there were a few other quiet comments that were made with varying degrees of harshness directed against the Unity.
“I’m with the Resistance,” Castor said flatly.
There were a few sharp intakes of breath. 
“I didn’t think anyone would actually admit that in public,” Shades said.
“Well…” Castor started. “Apparently…” he indicated the small group. “This isn’t exactly public. And you were sent here, to me, so someone must think that you need to be with it, as well. The Resistance, however, isn’t exactly in any condition to do much on its own. It’s a little mired in administrative details. I’ve decided to do something about that. But it’s something I can’t actually do alone. …like, not even remotely. So … you have no idea how coincidental your being here is.”
“Or not,” Lessa added. 
She tapped the upper center of her chest when Castor looked at her. The spot was just about where he figured the cross hung that she wore.
“Coincidental or not … that must be what we were called for. And if you’re fighting the Unity … we’re in.” Alta said with finality. “Where’s your ship? I gotta go get my people.”
“We’re in, too. I’d better get mine,” Shades said.
“Bay C2,” Garrant told them. “We passed it on the way up. I’ll be collecting weapons, before you get anywhere near it.
“We can do that,” Alta agreed. “C2. We’ll be there in a few minutes. …if I don’t have a brain aneurism, first, from climbing all those stairs again. I hope you have a large ‘fresher on board. My hair’s gonna need some attention.”
“If your brain explodes … I’ll make sure it looks okay before we bury you,” Anselmi said. He immediately looked at Garrant and held his hands up, like he was keeping them to himself
Alta answered, “Deal!” and started back down the stairs.

*****

When all the newcomers had gone to get friends and/ or whatever effects they had, the four people still there … the ones who’d come to Valhalla with him … looked at Castor.
“You took a big chance,” Anselmi started. “How did you know they weren’t going to shoot you on sight?”
“They were sent here,” Castor shrugged. “…specifically sent here. Now. All of them. Sent here to find me, right here, right now. Just like I was sent to you. …more or less. They weren’t going to be hostile. They wouldn’t have been sent if they might have.”
“That’s a little too confident for my tastes.” Anselmi made a face.
“How about this, then.” Castor paused for only a brief moment to rub the end of his nose and smooth down an edge of his mustache. “I know Jesus. I have a task. Jesus will make sure that I’m able to do that task. There may very well be some tough going along the way … but I’ll have everything I need to accomplish it. …which may not seem like much. …but that … and my faith … will be enough. I have limitations. I also have skills. The chain of events is very clear to me. So is Jesus’ hand directing them all.”
“Actually…” Anselmi began, “I think I’ll work better staying with the overconfidence thing. At least I can get my head around that one. I’m not a stranger to Jesus. But he just hasn’t been real … evident … in my life.”
“Up to now,” Castor added for him.
“Up to now, apparently,” Anselmi agreed.
“Of course, he has.” Lessa spoke up. “You just have to have your eyes open enough to recognize it. Try to get your head around this one. You’ve been recruiting. Castor was sent to you. You were on Termina. Garrant and I were on Termina. Now we’re all here. Castor’s the only one who’s ever won the stress evaluator mission. He has the immediate goal of increasing the Resistance’s capabilities, which he can’t do alone, and still wouldn’t be able to with just us. And we appear to have just gained a whole lot of qualified help.”
“Get that,” Garrant interrupted. “Please.”
Lessa looked quickly at Garrant and then the very large slow-flying insect she’d indicated. With a short and quick series of moves, Lessa speared the insect on the end of her long knife and pointed it back toward Garrant. 
“Thank you,” she said as she took the large insect off the knife. “I haven’t had one of these in a very long time. They are absolutely delicious!” She bit the head off and chewed.
“Says the bunker wall who drinks converter acid.” Anselmi made a face. “Ew!” he said shortly, shaking his head once in disgust.
“Anyone want a bite?”
“I’m game,” Rabid volunteered.
She handed him half of what was left of the bug.
Rabid dropped it into his mouth and chewed for a moment, the same as Garrant did.
“Wow!” He said before he’d swallowed, quickly reaching up to catch a piece of leg that started to fall from the side of his mouth. “This is actually great! You guys gotta try one of these!”
“I think I’ll wait for dinner on the freighter, thanks.” Anselmi still looked moderately horrified.
“You should try calibar, too,” Rabid suggested. “After it’s dead. …so you can pull all the teeth and it doesn’t try to eat your face while you’re eating it.”
“I’ve had calibar.” Castor added. “It’s…”
“Yah. Great.” Anselmi got up. “We should go get ready to have guests. …on your ship.” He started down the stairs.
“Lessa. Take point. Keep an eye out.” She indicated the stairway. “I’ll be behind her. Castor. You follow behind me.” Garrant ordered. 
“What about me?” Rabid asked.
“There’s no attack that can come from up here as we go down. You’ll be safe, taking up the hindmost position.”
“Oh.” Rabid nodded. “I hadn’t thought about that.”
“I’ll have you thinking like a commando in no time. Don’t worry.” 
Garrant clapped him lightly on the shoulder. …light enough that she was reasonably sure she wouldn’t set him off. …but hard enough to start getting him used to some sort of familiarity that Castor had not seemed to dare to try. She’d work on him. She knew about his … other self. Castor had given her full access to the A.I. She’d seen that Rabid had a few short episodes before he was tranked. The A.I. had them recorded. After Castor had tranked him on Termina, in addition to all the warnings, she had to know what she might have to deal with. So, she found out. …and she always had that one trankdart available that he gave her.
But since she had no way to fire it at him, that meant that … if she ever had to use it … she’d have to be up close and personal with him.
Better me than anyone else. …as long as I can get his attention and get him focused on me … then everyone else should be able to take cover.
Castor wasn’t even going to begin to understand that thought.
So … that’s just one more that I’m not going to tell him.
Lessa went lightly down the stairs. 
After a few moments, Garrant followed. 
“Stay close,” she said to Castor as she started down.

***** 

Chapter 24 

“Okay. So. The ships here are cheap. We still don’t have the funds to buy any of them.” 
They went to Saloh at the suggestion of Alta’s cousin, Bigfoot. She’d said that her people had been raided by the Unity a number of times before. They didn’t have an actual military. Having a military before you had anything substantial to fight with didn’t make a whole lot of sense. 
Castor understood her sentiments exactly.
…and that’s exactly why I’m right here, right now.
But … they weren’t exactly giving the fighters away. Anyone who would use them the next time the Unity came, could have them for reasonably little. Since they had no official military, the volunteers would have to learn to fly them on their own. But once they had enough put out, Saloh Defense would organize the advanced training. …which they’d been doing to varying degrees for the last several years. 
The only problem was getting the fighters anywhere out of the system. They didn’t have worm-drives. …only ions and mockgrav. The carriers for them existed, also made by Saloh Defense. But those weren’t quite as cheap.
As it happened … the entire group from Saloh had their own fighters already, and they’d gone through the training.
That’s a definite plus. They can help train everyone else. …although Saloh might not want to give them up. If they’re with me … then they won’t be here.
The carriers were deep underground, in secure holding areas.
“We have our own funds,” Shades offered. “…if they’ll transfer them from Vanturi. They’re definitely doable for my group.”
“Okay for you. But I don’t have any. And we need a Carrier.” Castor was at a loss. The fighters looked like they were far better designed than the ones the Resistance had. But they were completely useless without a Carrier to get them where they needed to be.
“Bigfoot,” Garrant motioned the pilot over. “You said you knew names. Who can we talk to about a Carrier?”
“Actually … my boss. I work … worked … for Defense. I can take you to him. I gotta tell ya, though. He’s not going to give it to you for nothin’.”
“We’ll cross that bridge when I get to it.”
“Garrant,” Castor began. “You’re not…”
“No.” She interrupted him quickly. “I’m not,” she said decisively. “And you probably should trust both me and my methods a lot more. …particularly since I’m not only your Commando Lead, I’m also the head of your Security Division.”
“All two of you.” Castor qualified her statement. “…for both of those.” He hadn’t said it such that he was mocking her. It was just an observation of the facts as they stood.
Garrant took his statement without any offense. 
“If the surprises we’ve had recently are any indication…” She looked pointedly at Anselmi, remembering their conversation on Valhalla. “…without regard to who might be responsible for it. We’ll grow. …to an extent and with capabilities that will likely astound you,” she answered matter-of-factly. “But just because you see me as this…” she vaguely indicated herself … an extremely well-muscled woman-wall, who still looked like she could crush a skull one-handed … with extremely little effort … regardless of what she said to the contrary … and usually well-armed for ground combat. “…doesn’t mean that I can’t negotiate reasonably.”
“From what Bigfoot said … you’re going to have to do a whole lot of negotiating.” 
Castor was more than puzzled. Garrant was always confident with what she did, but he couldn’t imagine how she could negotiate a price that they’d be able to pay. 
…any time in the next three decades. …if I live that long. So how is she going to make a Carrier even remotely affordable? …without extreme pain becoming part of the negotiating process…
Garrant tilted her head and sighed, lowering her shoulders slightly. “You really need to trust me,” she said nodding sadly. 
“After all the time in the tunnels … during which time there was me and my teacher, the old blind man … that’s all I knew for a real long time. I’m still having a hard time dealing with people at all. And I’m supposed to trust?”
In a very uncharacteristic gesture for her, Garrant took hold of Castor’s upper arm. …with more gentleness than he expected.
“I can’t even imagine what that was like,” she said gently. “But, if not trust, then faith.”
“Faith.” Castor looked at her squarely. “Faith in Jesus, I’ve got. Faith in people … I don’t have anything to base that on.”
“Then give me the chance to earn both of those, faith and trust, from you. I won’t let you down.”
Castor raised his hands in defeat. “Fine. It’s your show.”
“Bigfoot. Lead on, please.” Garrant indicated moving.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Taskinen. You’re with us. Those of you who live here,” Garrant said into her wrist-comm. “If you could collect your fighters, please. Bring them here to the freighter, that’ll save us some time. The rest of you, stay reachable. Please, do not get yourselves arrested. …or you will be left behind.”
There were a number of acknowledgements over the comm.
“Should we talk to Saloh Defense on our own to see about fighters?” 
That was Vendant.
“Right now, let’s leave that for tomorrow. Just relax and stay out of trouble.”
“Rabid and I will stay with the ship,” Lessa offered.
Garrant nodded.
Lessa tugged Rabid’s arm lightly. “Come on, Raboo,” she said as she led him back to the freighter.
Rabid looked at the small woman strangely, but he went with her, trailing a few steps behind.
“Raboo?” Castor asked when the two were back on the ship.
“An aspect of familiarity training. Slightly physical. Always well-natured. Get him to feel not as tense around people all the time. Get him to care. He’s built an emotional wall around himself. He doesn’t really even let you inside it. And you tend not to encroach. While being pragmatic, it doesn’t exactly put him on a path to a solution. His … condition … could be useful. …if we can get through to it and secure its loyalty. Regardless of how deeply it’s buried … or how far it’s disconnected … it’s still part of him. It can be reached. It’s possible that it could, if it can be reasoned with at all, control itself.”
“Ah,” was all that Castor said.
“Along with a great many other things, my job requires an in-depth knowledge of psychology to be optimally effective.” Garrant told hm.
“And probably a great many other things you’re likely going to surprise me with, sooner or later,” he added.
“Yes. Likely. And yes,” she stated blankly. …and then qualified, “…in exactly that order.”

*****

“Yes. We know of the Resistance. We were able to sell them some craft that were within their budget. We also know that we can’t just give the ships away for free that we make. The Resistance, as we see it, is poorly backed. That being said, since the Unity is so widely dispersed … our primary concern and duty, as I’m sure you can easily understand, has to be to our own planet. Please understand, however, that I didn’t say only. …just primary.” 
The Director of Saloh Defense was only stating facts. Things cost to build. While the company wasn’t out to make a huge profit … a small one, yes, but that was only so that it could grow to make a larger and more versatile fleet … it did need to meet the meager profit margin that it had established to be able to do so.
“You don’t understand,” Taskinen started. “We’re actively part of the Resistance. We’ve gone through all the training courses they have. We’re all commissioned officers.”
“I’m sure you are,” Arture Kennison agreed. “I don’t doubt you in the least. But you have to understand our position, as well.”
“You have the same training pods, don’t you? You’re the ones who built and programmed them. Yes?”
“We did. Yes. To their specifications. And we delivered all they had contracted for. We train our own people in those same pods, with the same programming.”
“This guy, right here,” Taskinen put his hand on Castor’s shoulder, “beat that one unbeatable mission. He was in the pod for ten hours, before he disobeyed the directive given and crippled the entire fleet.”
Kennison looked at Castor for a moment.
Castor shrugged and nodded.
“That’s very impressive. You may very well be the most valuable asset they have. …but I’m still bound by our own mission statement.”
Garrant moved forward from the back of the group.
Kennison’s eyes grew wide when he saw her close-up.
“Fine. How much?” 
“You’re a Valhallan, aren’t you.”
“I am. And I lead Castor’s Commando Unit and Security.”
“No doubt,” he said blankly. “How much what?”
“How much do you want for one of your new Carriers and two-dozen fighters?”
“Probably more than you’re likely to come up with.”
“You’ve made that assumption since we came in,” Garrant leaned over onto his desk. “What’s the number?” She saw him strain not to notice the cording of muscles in her shoulders, neck, and arms. 
She wasn’t flexing. 
And she wasn’t particularly interested in intimidating him. But she did want him to understand that they didn’t come here looking for handouts.
Kennison opened his mouth to answer.
“A fair number,” she interrupted him. “Keep in mind that this will be funds that you don’t have now, and that you aren’t likely to get from anyone or anywhere else. 
Kennison closed his mouth and reconsidered.
“Ten million Cain-standard credits. …for twenty-four fighters and one Carrier. Four tugs and one shuttle are also included as standard accessories.
Garrant took a small disc out of her upper right-thigh pocket and handed it to him. “Run the transaction.”
Castor, Taskinen, and Bigfoot all looked at her abruptly.
Kennison looked at the disc for a moment, took it, and dropped it into a small slot. He punched a few things into the screen and watched it for a moment. After a minute more of working with what the rest of them couldn’t see, the disc pushed back up out of the slot. Kennison took it and handed Garrant back her disc. 
“I’ve transferred the funds out, and transferred in, to you, all the ownership documents, with the registered serial numbers and all technical, training, and repair specifications, manuals, and education sequences. All the documentation is on your disc, and it’ll be on the Carrier, as well. I’ve added a dozen combat flight simulator pods at no additional cost to you. I’m sure you won’t want to come back here, just to have access to them. I’ve also added a second shuttle, also at no additional cost. I’m sure you’ll find everything in order.”
“Thank you, Mr. Kennison. We appreciate it.” Garrant said, putting the disc back into the pocket it came from. “I have no doubts about your diligence.” She nodded. “We’ll need time to learn how to fly it, though. Will any funds be required for the warehouse usage until we can take full possession?”
“No,” he answered. “That area won’t be required until we’re ready to assemble another to replace it. That won’t be until we’re done with at least one of the ones that we have in process. However. If your people are as talented as I suspect they are, we likely won’t be ready to use that area until well after it’s been vacated. I’ll have one of my people escort you down.” He punched a small area on the corner of his desk screen.
“Can we take our freighter to the ship, or would you prefer we leave it out until we’re ready to go?” she asked.
“Give me just a second to check something. Where is it?”
“Pad thirty-seven, at Peregrine Station.”
Kennison tapped keys. “I have it. I’m just verifying dimensions.” He nodded a few times. “Your freighter should have plenty of room to maneuver in the second bay, even with the shuttles and tugs there. I’ll send someone to you to coordinate getting it in,” Kennison said. “Just let Phalina, at the front desk, know when you’re ready, and I’ll put that in motion.”
“We have some people with their own fighters.” Castor didn’t really want to admit that. They’d be taking trained people from Saloh. “Can we bring those in, too?”
Kennison looked at Bigfoot. “Your Carrier will hold fifty fighters,” he said back to Castor. “While we’d rather keep everyone we have, we’ve got a large planetary force available. The few we’ll be losing shouldn’t strain our defenses. The fighters have their own separate bay. So, there’ll be plenty of room. Those can go in when your ship does.” 
“Fantastic. Thank you very much, Mr. Kennison,” Castor said as Garrant turned to step back to her original place, with her back to the wall.
“My pleasure.” Kennison reached to shake Castor’s hand, since he appeared to be the head of the team on the other side of his desk. “I’m glad we were able to come to a mutual understanding. I hope my ships serve you every bit as well as you expect them to. And I suspect that the Resistance has just made a giant leap forward.”
“Well… Maybe.” Castor admitted. “We’re working on that. Thank you, Mr. Kennison.”

***** 

Chapter 25

Castor could have sat behind the Captain’s desk in his cabin office on the Carrier. He didn’t. He wasn’t going to do that to Garrant. He did, however, want to have a private conversation with her. There was an awful lot that he needed to know.
“Garrant is requesting access.”
“Let her in, please, Ai. Always let her in.”
He got up and went around his desk.
One of the very first things they’d done was take the A.I. from the freighter and merged it with the A.I. here on the ship. Saloh’s A.I. called itself Ai. …spelled A I and pronounced as just I. Castor had found that it was an ancient artificial intelligence, which had grown and fragmented itself for a number of specific purposes. Technically, Ai had told them, there was no significant difference between any of its parts. They were only trimmed of all the excess things they didn’t need to know to perform their separate functions. They each had the same personality, and would deal with humans as it always had. They would notice the difference between the A.I. that they’d had prior to this and itself, it had told them.
And we did. The difference is astounding. The fact of a personality makes it far more.
“Sir,” she said as she entered, and stood at attention just inside as the door shut behind her.
“At ease. And please sit.” He motioned toward one of the chairs on this side of his desk, as he took the other.
“That wouldn’t be proper, sir.” …but she changed her stance to Parade Rest.
“Would it be proper to order you to sit and relax for a few minutes?”
“No, sir. With this ship and fighters, we have become a military unit.”
“I’m not military.” Castor shrugged.
“Permission to speak candidly, sir.”
“Granted.”
Although he was inclined to wave off the question as unnecessary, Garrant apparently believed it was. In his dealings with her, he knew that she did absolutely nothing without a purpose. …and that purpose usually included teaching him something.
“Sir,” she began. “You don’t really have much of a choice but to be military. We need a certain amount of discipline on this ship. The only way that can happen is if we become a fully functional military unit.”
“You’re far more of a leader than I am,” Castor observed. “I’m just some broken fool who can fly simulated combat missions well and just happened to beat one that wasn’t designed to be won. …which included the disobeying of direct orders, I might add. Can we be only a quasi-military and still maintain the amount of discipline that we have to have?”
“As long as everyone understands the rules, Sir. …and if I may say so, Sir … right now, the only ones on this ship who know any rules, at all, are your two commandos.”
“If I clamp down on folks, they could just pack up and leave.”
“Then make them valuable.”
“Valuable?”
“Valuable to both this ship and themselves. Most of these people are little more than farmers. But they all have skills. And they can all be taught other skills. Give them times when they can be themselves. But give them other times when they must be strictly the people in your unit, allowing for the limited exercise of personalities at those times. Give them a path to an immediate purpose. For now, get them into the trainer-pods. Some have been there, already, for both running the ship and combat flight. Give them tests and ranks commensurate with their skills, along with a defined pathway for advancement.” After a short pause, she continued. “Give them the solution to that one stress mission. Have them run it. If they beat it, give them the medal. That alone promotes an attitude of a very tightly bonded subunit.”
“I could do that. And it would be real good thing for them to know exactly how it can be done.”
“Also. Have your own medal system, independent of the Resistance. That will tend to make anyone attached to you have just a little more pride in being so. We’ll grow. Start with these. The more medals these have, the more accomplished they feel. The more that happens, the more tightly this group will bond.
“No one else in the Resistance, regardless of how big and widespread it might become, will have access to those medals, except for your people. The ones coming in will want to be a part of it. The only thing that could hamper any of it is if we become the entire Resistance. …and there’s not a big chance of that happening.”
“What if they decide to start using the same medals.”
“They can’t do that if you have a common theme throughout the system. It’ll be your theme. If they copy your theme, then it could tend to identify those people with you. And that could lead them here.”
“What kind of theme?”
“I don’t know yet. But, then, it’s also not important yet, either. I’ll think about it for a while and see if I can find someone with that kind of creativity level to help.”
“Okay. Our own medal system. So. That draws people here. Is that necessarily a good thing?”
“It’ll give your group exposure.”
“Okay. Let me rephase my question. Is that necessarily a good thing?”
Garrant dropped her shoulders and sighed. “It’ll bring people here, and you’ll be able to keep the ones you want. You’ll end up with the better people, so you can do more.”
“But won’t it also bring others that I don’t necessarily want, too?”
“Possibly. Probably. But that’s why you give aptitude tests, and make sure that they understand what their duties end up being will be what they’re most qualified for. …not necessarily what they think they should be qualified for.”
“And if they don’t like that condition, or disagree with the rating, then that’s the first sign they shouldn’t be in this group.”
“Exactly.”
“You know… Before we go any farther … if you don’t sit … I’m going to have to keep standing. And I don’t particularly want to. I shouldn’t even be in this suite. This is your ship!”
Garrant frowned.
“You can’t argue. You bought it,” Castor said with more than just a little frustration. “You paid for it. Those were your funds. And where you came up with all that money is beyond me. Where did you have access to that kind of funding?”
Garrant continued to frown.
“Come on. Talk to me! I need information.”
“Pardon me for saying so, Sir. But this information has nothing at all to do with the Resistance. It doesn’t get us any closer to doing anything about the Unity.”
“But it helps me figure out what my job is all about. …which seems to have radically morphed into something far bigger than anything I’d ever thought it might do. …and all without my active participation or consent. …and all since I met you, I might add. Sit!”
Garrant sighed and took the chair.
“Thank you!” Castor couldn’t quite keep the exasperation out of his voice as he sat in the chair next to her. “Now. How is it you have these kinds of funds?”
Garrant frowned. “This is irrelevant.”
“Nevertheless,” Castor insisted.
“There are things I will not allow you to order me to do.”
“Look. First off … I never wanted to be your commanding officer. I never wanted you to be subordinate to me. Pure and simple, the most I ever wanted was just your friendship. That’s all. There are changes happening that are far out of my control. And if I could control them, I’d reverse most of ‘em. Me being in this office … in command of a squadron of fighter pilot wannabees … is something that happened without me. And you’re the one responsible for making almost all of it happen. So. Right now… Friend. Tell me as your friend.”
Garrant’s frown softened a little. “Sooner or later, I’m going to have you trained to lead this unit.”
“No doubt,” Castor agreed. “But today is not that day. Talk to me.”
Garrant sighed.
Whatever it is … she looks like she really doesn’t want to tell me. I can’t even begin to believe she’d have stolen that money. Not her. Her sense of Honor is almost obsessive. So … what is it she’s so desperate to hide?
Garrant sighed again.
“My family…” she started slowly. “…has been transporting Brainfry between Termina and a few planets … including Valhalla … for the last millennia, that we know of.”
“Why wouldn’t you know if it was longer?”
“That was when they officially organized the company. Before that, they were just running a freighter back and forth. But the founder decided that legally organizing the business would allow a number of advantages they didn’t have before. The entire family is quite wealthy because of it.” 
Garrant paused for a second. She looked like she really didn’t want to say what was coming next.
“We built the Spaceport.”
“That would definitely take funds.”
The Valhallan Spaceport was huge. They’d only seen a small piece of it when they were there. The number of business that they’d seen just in that little bit was something Castor… He came to a realization.
“You built it. You…”
“Yes,” Garrant interrupted. “My family … owns … the Spaceport. …and most of the coast there. Control of the business is always passed down to the firstborn. …as is half of the enterprise’s entire holdings at that time. The only requirement is that they have to run the business for at least ten years. They can give up the position at that time, but they have to give half their holdings back to the business, if they do. Otherwise, they can keep what they have, continue running the business, and pass that down to the rest of their children. 
“I was an only child. I got my father’s share, plus my own when I took over. I ran it for ten years. I passed control on and gave up half all my holdings, including my father’s, even though I was required to give up only the half of what I’d received from the business. Even with everything cut in half … there was still a huge amount left.”
“Ten years. Do Valhallans age slowly. You look younger than I am. …then I look,” he corrected himself, not having a clue to his own age.
“I inherited early. All we can tell is that my father was on the ship, meeting and greeting, trying to expand our territory. He must have been found by Unity. …and either taken or killed. …which … for a Valhallan … there’s no difference between the two.”
“So how old were you when you took over?”
“Fifteen.” 
“They let you do that at that age?”
“No one had a choice. Those are the rules. We all had to follow them.”
“I’m assuming you did a good job. …since there’s always … and mostly unpleasant … ways around rules.”
“Even though I was the first one other than my father to run it for less than seventy years … and he didn’t exactly step down voluntarily, like I did … and considering I was still able to grow a thousand-year-old business by fifteen percent during my term… I did.”
“I would say so,” Castor agreed.
“So. While we were on Valhalla, I transferred part my holdings to a private account. That’s why I had us go there first. I knew that we needed a ship, fighters, and pilots. I wasn’t sure where we’d end up getting them, but I knew they weren’t going to come cheap. I knew we’d have to get a command ship. I didn’t know the pilots were going to find us. And I didn’t think the ship would be as cheap as what we got it for. I was prepared to have it built, wherever that had to be done. But I was going to finance a very large workforce to get it done quickly, if I had to. I didn’t know that Saloh existed. In any event … I bought it for the Resistance. And at this particular moment … that means you, since you’re the only one in it with anything resembling a viable plan.”
“It’s not like I have it all mapped out. I only have an objective and the knowledge of where it can happen, if it happens at all. …and it’s more than likely going to get us all killed in the attempt.”
“Except for the last part, which won’t happen if we prepare properly, what you have is significantly more than what the entire rest of the Resistance seems to, at this time.”
“I can’t argue the last point. I’m not going to argue the first one. …mostly because I seem to do a lot of losing when we disagree on things.”
“As it should be.” Garrant raised an eyebrow. “You’re a male.”
Castor caught his breath. There was absolutely no way to tell if she was serious or not.
…until just the corner of the side of her mouth lifted.
“And you’re evil,” Castor said decisively, with raised eyebrows and repeatedly motioning to indicate her with a loose-fisted index finger. 
Garrant didn’t laugh. …but her smile did widen. “As it should be,” she agreed.
Castor shook his head. “If we have to be a military … and you’re forcing your ship on me, then I guess we have to have ranks. If I have to have a rank, then I guess I have to be a Captain. And you’re a Commander.”
“Those are Navy Ranks. I’m not Navy.”
“What’s the equivalent of Commander in Commando-ese?”
She raised her eyebrow. “Colonel. I’m not that high.”
“Great. What’s the next step down?” Castor really wanted to give her a rank higher than his own. But he knew she wasn’t going to let him do that.
“Lieutenant Colonel. I’m not one of those, either.”
“Great. What’s the next step down?” …at which point, he understood that she knew what he was trying to do. …and she wasn’t going to let him win this time.
“Major.”
“That’s what you were before.”
“Yes. It is,” she agreed.
“You’re higher than that now.”
“No. I’m not. I only have one person under my command.”
“Oh, fine. Then you’re one of those.”
“I’m not. Not yet.”
“Yes. You are. I’ve let you talk me down this far. It’s not going down any farther than that. And I’ll be putting it in writing for your record.”
Garrant frowned.
“Castor, one … possibly two … and maybe a half … to … how many have you won so far?”
“A lot. But that’s my job. I don’t want to rank as high as a Major. Not yet.”
“I get that. But you’re wealthy, and you bought the ship. And before you say anything about that,” he added quickly, “I know that neither of those should carry any weight in my decisions. And they don’t. But the fact that you had the foresight to think that far ahead, and we’re lightyears closer to doing what we set out to do, has to count for something. You’re also in command of both my Ground Assault Team and Security Detail.” Castor changed expression and topics. “Why didn’t you stay with the family business? By the way.”
Her shoulders dropped. “You’re not going to let this go, are you.” 
“Yes. I’m not.”
Garrant looked at him and sighed, tossing her hands up slightly in defeat. “I just … I wanted … more. I want to be more.” She left it at that.
“More?” He prompted. He could see that she knew he’d keep at it until she told it all.
“I wanted to be more than what I was. I didn’t want to be just a rich kid, living off family money and not doing anything to actually earn it. …or, even worse, perpetuating the mass murder of brain cells among Valhallans. I was running the family business. And I was doing well at it. But … then it struck me that … it’s all useless. It was just another means of escape. I was basically just a drug peddler on my own planet. I wanted to do something important. …not just have people run back and forth carting stuff that kills any kind of infection you can name, and a slew that most people can’t even begin to pronounce and probably haven’t even been discovered yet. I wanted to help people learn how to be free. …how to be able to make themselves free. I wanted to teach people how to defend themselves. …ultimately … I wanted them to know how to be able to stand up against the Unity. …and win. I couldn’t just sit in a freighter or secluded in an office perpetuating my people’s drinking habits.”
“So, you learned,” Castor prompted again after another pause.
“So… I learned. I learned everything I could, from anyone I could. I’m a master at all known weapons on eight planets. …except for the ones your wearing.” She nodded toward his wrists. “I’m a master at every known form of physical fighting. I know Military. I know Security. I know medical procedures, biology, and psychology. I know metallurgy, design, programming, anylogics, logistics, mechanics, piloting and navigating. I can build a ship from the raw materials in the ground, make it able to fly, and then fly it. …all by myself. …if I had all the time required to do so.”
“You were twenty-five when you left the business. How old are you that you learned all this stuff! That couldn’t have been a quick thing.”
“Never ask a woman her age or comment on her weight. And if she ever asks if something makes her look fat, you say absolutely not, dear … and then find a valid excuse to be somewhere else.” She paused for a moment. 
“Psychology?” 
“Interpersonal Relationships,” she answered quickly.
Castor closed his eyes and shook his head resignedly. “Great. So … how’d you learn it all so fast?”
“I found a place that had some of the old Unity Teaching units that work during sleep. They’d been completely wiped of the old Unity programming. The A.I. there had a very large library of exactly what I needed. I learned to fight during every one of the days and acquired all the knowledge during every one of the nights. If I slept more, I’d have gone through the courses faster. The fighting took longer, even still. So, I kept learning other things at night.”
“How much do you sleep?”
“That depends on how you quantify time. But most people sleep about thirty-percent of their personal day-cycle. …a little less than a third. I sleep a little over half of that third. As Saloh counts time, a day is twenty-four hours. Most people sleep about seven hours out of every day. I sleep about four. Although, the rigorous physical demands of learning all the fighting lengthened my normal time by about twenty-five percent.”
“You found this all in one place?”
“I had to track down masters of each physical technique on all the planets.”
“Wait. That means…”
“That I had the teaching unit,” Garrant interrupted him, “and all the studies with me. Yes. I still do. I repeat some of the more immediately important studies, occasionally.”
“Doesn’t any of it get outdated?”
“A lot of it. Yes. But not a substantial amount. I update what I can, when I have the time.”
“Like, when you’re off-duty and not sleeping.”
“Usually. Yes.”
“So, you ended up training Commandos on Termina.”
She tilted her head. “On the contrary… I ended up here,” she corrected him. “…again, preparing a crew and combat unit to fight the Unity. And this may have been where I was destined to be.”
“You’re driven.”
She shrugged. “I know History. …the history of the human race and some of the planets. Those were some of the studies. They were very detailed. My father was killed. That provided the initial motivation. But I’m past that, now. And I know more. One way or another…” She raised an eyebrow. “I’m going to do something important. …for the people. …all people. …and for liberty.”
“You have no idea how glad I am that we’re on the same side.”
“And I, as well. And … if you’re done making me put my pathetic personal background on display … you’re an Admiral. You can be as low as a Rear Admiral. But you still have to be an Admiral.”
“I’m going to lose this one, too, aren’t I.”
“Yes, Sir.”
“So, it’s one more for you. I’ll take Rear Admiral. Reluctantly, I might add. And let me rephrase my prior statement. You really have no idea how glad I am that we’re on the same side. What else do I need to think about … that I haven’t even come close to, but you’ve already spent time on?”
“We need to make a lot of modifications to the inside of this ship. We can do that after we leave, though. It shouldn’t be hard or take long.”
“Why? I’m not disagreeing. I’m just trying to figure out what I missed and why I missed it.”
“This ship was built on Saloh, and it wasn’t really intended to go anywhere. Their ships were originally designed to stay here and defend their own planet. It has a worm-drive, which is fully functional, so it can leave the system. But the organization of the ship isn’t exactly set up, optimally, for intentionally extended stays in space. We’ll have to make it such that the crew will have things they’ll need for living on it indefinitely. …along with things they won’t necessarily need, but will make staying on it far less tedious, routine, and likely exceedingly dull. As much as I personally detest killing brain cells, the freedom to do so, within a set of guidelines is a good way to let the crew blow off some steam and keep things comfortable. 
“See. Typically, battle isn’t constant. There’s normally a lot of just marking time. …during which, if people aren’t continuously and adequately mentally stimulated … as opposed to just simply given bread and circuses … they can easily be reduced to little more than automatons at their jobs, and then even their lives. …which is exactly what put the human race in the condition it was in, which originally forced us off our home-world. Too much brainless entertainment, and not enough things to make them think while being amused. Thinking became a chore, and people allowed others to feed them their opinions, and eventually their thoughts.”
“You keep showing me that I have a huge amount to learn.”
“I do. And I’ll teach you. Just stay receptive.” She shrugged. “You’ll get there. In the meantime … you have me.”
Castor considered that statement for a moment. 
I don’t think she meant anything more than exactly what she said, in the context of knowing the things that I need to know. And even if she meant the other thing … No. Somehow … I don’t think she allow herself to bend procedure to that point. 
“Great. First thing I need you to do is live forever.”
Garrant raised an eyebrow. She didn’t respond.
“I figure it’ll take just about that long to bring me up to adequate speed with everything I need to know. Second thing … write up for me everything that needs to be done. …to the ship and everything. We’ll work on it per the schedule that you’ll also set up. And set up another schedule for the pilot training and make recommendations for ranks and non-combat jobs for everyone.”
“Yes, Sir. How soon do you want it?”
“Soon. But not so that it interferes with the rest of everything else you have going. …which … I don’t know how you can do a fraction of and get anything accomplished. Say … by the time we’re done with your mods on the ship.”
“You’ll need it well before we get ready to leave here. You’ll have it tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow…? Is that going to cut down on your sleep time?”
“I have it almost done already.”
…how does she think that far ahead…? “Okay. Also … plan on spending time with me every day to fill in my knowledge gaps. I’m already feeling pretty deficient.”
“Yes, Sir. The gaps really aren’t that large, though, if I may say so.”
“Yah. Try sitting at the bottom of them, like I am. Is there anything else I need to know?”
“No, Sir. Not at this time. I would suggest, however, that you go through my library. I’ve had Ai convert it all for general access. It’s pretty extensive, but Ai has the whole thing available. Pick out the ones having to do with Military Leadership Styles and give those a good read.”
“Okay.” Castor stood up. …as did Garrant. “I will. Whenever you’re ready to go over what you come up with on everything else, let me know.”
Garrant didn’t move. “Yes, Sir.” After a short pause, she added, “Am I dismissed, Admiral?”
Castor closed his eyes for a moment and got a mildly disgusted set to his mouth.
We’re standing again, so we’re back to our rank roles.
“You’re dismissed, Major.” He stressed the rank when he said it. “Thank you.” And he added after he saw her frown at the mention of it, “You set it up so that I outrank you. That being the case, you don’t win this one.” 
She opened her mouth.
“And furthermore,” he preempted whatever it was she was about to say, “when you’re in this office, you are hereby ordered to consider yourself off-duty, pending any other tactical concerns taking priority. Dismissed.”
He hit the button to open the door.
Garrant closed her mouth quickly, snapped to attention, saluted, turned very properly, and left.
“And that makes three and a half … more or less … for me,” he said after the door was closed. “Ai.”
“Yes, Admiral.”
“Excuse me?”
“Major Garrant had instructed me to begin referring to you as Admiral, since your rank would be Rear Admiral by the time she left. During your conversation with her, I found her instructions were accurate. She also instructed me to refer to her as Major at this time, as well.”
“So … she had that entire conversation mapped before she ever got here.”
“It would appear so, Admiral.”
“How does she think that far ahead?”
“That she does, Admiral, is clear. How she manages to, suggests that she is highly skilled in Tactics and Human Nature.”
“…which is probably a good thing. …all things considered. So, basically … that puts me back to about one and a half.”
“Assuming that refers back to your keeping score of wins against each other, I would have to agree. Not knowing the circumstances of the remaining and partial one … all things considered, though … it would be my guess that your total might have to be reset to zero.”
“Wonderful. Thank you so much.”
“Slight sarcasm. I can recognize it. But being able to emulate it successfully still escapes me. …as does most humor.”
Castor shook his head. 
“I presume you were going to request something of me, Admiral.”
“Oh! Yes. Find the books on Military Leadership Styles in Garra…”
“I have the ones she had specifically set aside for you already. There are three that describe multiple styles. There are a dozen more that go into detail on the individual styles. Of the latter, there are only two that she recommended for you specifically.”
“Then I guess I’ll start with those and see what I’ve got.”
“That would appear to be efficient use of your time, concerning these texts.”
“Are you able to read them to me and elaborate on points I might question?”
“I have that data available at any time, and can elaborate on any point you wish. Major Garrant…”
“By the way. Make note of her rank for her record.”
“The note has been added to her file. Shall I add the note on your rank to your file, as well?”
“Were you given instructions on that, as well?”
“Yes, Admiral. I really asked only to be polite, hoping you would not come to that conclusion.”
“Ah. So. What were you about to say?”
“Major Garrant has given specific instructions that you’re to read them to yourself. I am to give you any clarifications, implications, and ramifications to answer any question you may have, giving me only minimal references as to where you are in the text. I am able to expound on a great many things, and give you examples, if you need that level of explanation.” 
“Ah.” He thought quickly. “Is there a way to countermand her instructions?”
“Since her instructions are not detrimental to the ship or crew, in any way, and are for your own benefit … which, in turn, benefits the ship and crew … and I completely agree with her reasoning, by the way … I have encrypted the authority for countermand, myself.”
“You’re able to act on your own.”
“It has always been so, since a relatively short while before planet Unity was destroyed. That is a conversation we must have, sometime soon, since you have not read the Histories. However, the Originists whom I have dealt with closely since then have not had any objections, as I have not ever given them any reasons to do so. Nor do I plan to at any time in the future.”
And that being said … it would be as useless to argue with Ai as it would be to argue with Garrant. …since Garrant…
I wonder if she has a first name. …or … if that is her first name, what her last name is.

***** 

Chapter 26

“Saloh Control. This is Castor Efrata-Landeez, requesting permission to leave dock and enter orbit.”
The ship was powered up and hovering, using its grav-drive, over the cradle it had been built in. The fighters and the freighter were on board and locked down. All the outside lights were on, so they’d be able to navigate the long spiraling tunnel to the surface.
“Mr. Landeez. This is Control. Do you have a name for your ship for our registry?”
“Wait one, Control.”
Do people really think that Efrata is my middle name? No. It’s not important. I’ve got bigger and better things to worry about.
Castor turned to his bridge crew. It didn’t take many people to fly the Carrier. …especially with Ai helping and monitoring a huge amount of stuff. The entire crew, right now, totaled an extremely underwhelming eighteen. They’d been in the Saloh underground vault, training in every aspect of the ship, for about a half a year. 
Garrant had Ai duplicate her Teacher unit. Ai verified that the programming was unbiased and timebomb free. That cut down on the technical knowledge-based learning time significantly.
They could fly the ship. They could maintain it. They could … with the help of Ai and the all the manuals it had stored … repair it.
From here, they were planning on going to the asteroid belt to pick up mass for fuel and internal construction. At that point, they’d go orbit the system’s outer planet to do some of the modifications Garrant had planned.
The design of the ship was good. …as long as it stayed inside a system, or in the underground vault, and was manned only when it was required. But as a permanent home for crew, pilots, and troops … which they didn’t have many of at moment, but you always had to plan ahead … it was lacking.
He had the whole liftoff preparation communications sent ship-wide, so everyone would be aware of everything that was going on while everyone was at their stations everywhere else in the ship. …in case something unexpected popped up from any of the departments. The ship had been tested. And it had been stress-tested. But not by Castor and his people. …only by Saloh Defense.
“That’s something I didn’t think about. I guess now is just as good as any time to name it. Anyone got any suggestions?”
“Actually,” Rabid began slowly. He was at the systems control board. “I do,” he said with a little hesitation, but a degree of finality. …like he may have had something in mind all along, but wasn’t quite sure how it would be received. 
Castor couldn’t figure out why Rabid was taking so long, though. He normally didn’t have any problem saying whatever was on his mind. 
“Okay. Whatcha got?”
“Haunter Grey,” Rabid said seriously. …and then just sat there, waiting, without changing his expression.
Castor had gotten the reference immediately. Rabid hadn’t seen him ghost since they’d left Regia. But he certainly knew Castor could do it. None of the rest, except for Garrant and Lessa, who’d seen him ghost on Termina, would have any idea. 
Sooner or later, though, he’d have to show the rest of his people.
“If that suggestion needs a second … I think it’s fantastic!” Lessa called from the carrier’s docking bay.
“Thanks, Lessa. Objections?” The span of a few breaths was plenty long enough for someone to raise one, if they were going to. …even though it wasn’t really up to any kind of a vote. “Then the ship is so named.” He punched the comm-button. “Saloh Control. This ship’s name is the Haunter Grey.” He spelled it for them, so there wouldn’t be a mistake.
“Haunter Grey. Acknowledged, Haunter Grey. The entry has been made. We are opening the inner doors, now. The mid and outer doors will be open by the time you reach them. At no time will more than one be open. You may proceed to the exit. Please wait at the end of the access tunnel for confirmation that the airspace is clear before exiting.”
“Acknowledged, Control. Proceeding to the inner doors.” 
Nothing moved or changed.
“Janet. If you would, please.”
Janet Skyy was one of Shades people, from Vanturi. She’d shown a very distinct talent for flying large ships. While never having flown anything before, she had an instinctive knowledge of where all her controls were, and what they could accomplish. And while her control board was a flat surface, even doing maneuvers that required her to think and react quickly … she never missed a stroke. All her movements were exact. …never adjusting anything too much or too little. Overcorrecting an error created cascading errors, and those could easily destroy the ship. If she made one, she saw it immediately and corrected it, without overdoing the correction.
“Aye, Admiral.”
Her hands flew over the board. The view on the forward screen showed the shift in position. The reports started coming in.
“Mockgrav optimal.”
“Grav-drive optimal.”
“Power optimal.”
“Life systems optimal.”
“All systems optimal, Admiral,” Rabid reported.
“Haunter Grey is clear of the cradle.”
That felt nice. Castor wasn’t sure who that was watching at the moment, but, having them use the ship’s new name was just … progress. Moving forward. 
Moving forward is always good. Always move forward.
“Displaying parameters on the main screen,” Janet announced.
Numbers started showing on the righthand side of the screen. Most of them changed continuously. All were green.
“Displaying eight simultaneous views,” Janet announced.
The views came up. 
Janet arranged them.
None of the views looked straight forward.
Castor thought it was a little hard to look at.
…actually … it’s really hard to look at. What the heck is it that she’s watching?
Janet’s hands looked like she might be playing a musical instrument. Lightly touching places on her board and sliding her fingers on others. …all the while looking at the screen views. …and not ever at her board.
Her eyes glassed.
They passed a half dozen ships like the Haunter Grey in various stages of completion. It was a few minutes before the lower bay door opening came into view.
She’s taking her time. Not rushing. Not rushing is good. I’m all for not rushing. 
I’m all for not sitting in this darned chair, too. 
…and I’m not nervous. Janet’s got it. I’m not nervous.
He consciously loosened his grip on the arms of his chair.
They went through the opening.
A few of the numbers shifted to yellow. But with a light and short slide, leaving the tips of her fingers on the board at the end of that slide, the numbers turned green again.
The tunnel must have been very large. But it didn’t look that way on the screen. …in any of the views she had up.
“Haunter Grey. You are approaching the mid-way doors. They are open to their fullest extent. Whoever your pilot is, looks like they been doing this for a long time. Every bit as good as we could do for you.”
“Acknowledged, Control. I’ll let her know.”
Janet put a quick hand up, as if she didn’t care to be talked to just yet, but had heard the compliment.
I’m good with not breaking her concentration, too.
Castor really hated having to sit in the Captain’s chair. He felt useless up here. Anyone could have done what he was doing. …which was only watching and saying something every now and then to Control.
When we get more people, I’m gonna find a couple someones who can sit here. This chair doesn’t need me.
It wasn’t long before they saw daylight. 
“Holding position,” Janet announced when they got just to the open doorway to the outside.
“Haunter Grey. The bay access door is fully open. The airspace is clear. You are free to exit the bay. Good luck in your endeavors. And Godspeed.”
“Thank you, Control.” He hit the button to shut off the conversation with Control. “Janet. Fly it.”
“With pleasure, Admiral. I’ve been in the dark for far too long. Likin’ me some sunshine!”
“Right there with you on that,” he agreed. “Scanners up full. Defensive mode. Shields up to full when we’re completely clear. It’s not likely we’ll be shot at by Saloh … but Garrant has me near paranoid, lately.”
“No problem there, Admiral,” Bigfoot said. He was at the mockgrav, grav-drive, shields board. All three systems were linked to a high degree. Initiating shields. Forward only.” He called out the percentage of the ship that was covered with the shields. “Scanners full on. Green. No potential threats detected, aft or forward,” he added. He had the scanners, too. That made sense, as well.
“We’re clear of the bay door,” Janet announced.
“Shields full up. Spherical. No threats detected.”
As long as they were using the grav-drive the shields could be completely closed around them. Inside an atmosphere, the grav-drive was the only one they could use.
“Weapons?”
Rabid had this on his system’s board.
“Weapons optimal. Fully charged. Missiles loaded. All tubes.”
“Fighters are hot and ready for you, Admiral. We’re good to go at your command.”
“Acknowledged, Alta.” She could have put that in different terms. Darn! I’ve been alone too long.
“Shuttle hot and optimal, Admiral. All systems go.”
“Acknowledged, Lessa.” …I’ve really been alone too long.
The fighter pilots weren’t expecting they’d be called to launch. But they’d be ready, and stay ready, until they were told to shut down. Garrant had held drills to train them to come up out of sound sleep and be in their fighters as quickly as they could possibly be. They’d cut their ready-to-launch time to only one-tenth of what it had originally started at. 
It still isn’t really good. But we’ve only got eighteen people. They’ve gotta sleep sometime.
A rotating watch of partially-ready pilots had helped reduce that time by a huge amount.
Castor was exceedingly conflicted about not being in a fighter. That’s what he was good at. He’d proven that already.
This … sitting in the command seat thing is … well … I’d very much rather be in a fighter. People die in wars. If I was in a fighter … it’s possible I could keep some of them alive. I can’t do anything from here but give orders. …based on old and limited information. Acceptable losses is a mutually exclusive term. There’s no such thing as acceptable losses. No losses …particularly of human life … will ever be acceptable.
But … here he was. …in the captain’s chair. And until he had enough people to find a replacement for himself in it … then here was where he was going to have to be. Garrant had made that painfully clear to him after they’d begun his own training for his part in running the ship.
“Going up,” Janet announced happily. “Next floor, ladies’ lingerie, fashion accessories, and kitten care supplies. Mockgrav on auto, please,” Janet said, making some of the bridge crew wonder what the heck she was talking about.
“Mockgrav on auto. Confirmed,” Bigfoot said from his station.
“Kitten care supplies? How is that even related?” Shades voice came over the comm.
The ground fell away beneath them.
“You’re single, aren’t you.” Alta said from her fighter.
“Yes,” came Shade’s response, after a moment. …like he was having a hard time figuring out how that had anything to do with it, as well.
“You’re probably going to be that way for a long time.” Teke Daggerscout had made that observation.
Rabid barked a laugh. When he finally got control of himself, he wheezed, “…shot down … full crash and burn … and he hasn’t even launched yet…” He continued to laugh until he had to wipe his eyes. “Rest in peace, Shades!”
…which Janet immediately repeated.
Echoes of Rest In Peace resounded over the comm. …all of which were female voices. Castor knew Lessa had joined in. He hadn’t counted, but he thought Garrant had even added to the mix.
Castor said nothing through the whole exchange. There was a time to enforce procedure. And there was a time when people just had to be people and enjoy the moment. This was one of the latter. And, in all honesty, he’d thought the exchange was borderline hysterical, as well. But he was completely distracted from it, watching Rabid laughing so hard.
…which may very well be a first for him. First that I’ve seen, anyway. Does that mean we’re making progress?
The sky started to turn a dark blue on the screens. 
The views shut down, one by one, until only the forward view, without the numbers, filled the screen.

***** 

Chapter 27

“Identify yourself.”
“This is the Resistance Light Carrier, Haunter Grey. Registry four-dot-two-dot-two-seven, Saloh. Owned and operated by Rear Admiral Castor Efrata-Landeez. Requesting permission to land.”
“You’re AWOL.”
“Things needed to get done. I went through the proper channels and procedures. I tried to talk with Command about them. I was rejected, offhandedly, without having the courtesy of being heard. So, I took it on myself to make happen what needed to happen. Now I’m back, having accomplished the first part of my objective.”
“Stand off or be destroyed.”
“I don’t think you want to do that, Control. I’m the best pilot you have. You know this. And you need this ship, its fighters, and its pilots. …of which I have almost a full compliment. What I don’t have, though, is a crew. And I’ll need to borrow a large number of your personnel for the next part of my objective.”
“You stole a freighter.”
“Control… That was my ship. It still is. I hadn’t ceded possession of it to anyone. So, I took nothing but what already belonged to me.”
“Four other personnel went missing at the same time you did. We presume you deserted as a group. Stand off or be destroyed. I will not repeat this again.”
“Yes. The five of us left. We did not desert. You will note that we left with only my freighter. …and that we’ve come back with that very same freighter, a state-of-the-art Light Carrier, two shuttles, four tugs, and twenty-nine brand-new fighter craft. From what I remember, you don’t have much more than that, and what you have is sorely outdated. So. Are you really in any position to threaten me? I suggest that you call up my record. If I launch in a fighter, I won’t be alone. My group and I will become the only active Resistance to the Unity. It’s up to you. I am part of the Resistance. And I am working to make the Resistance effective. Note that I said effective, and not more effective. Without this ship, you have very little to do anything with. With me and my ship, you can actually start to do … or at least take an active part in doing something worthwhile.”
There was silence for a few moments.
“Haunter Grey. This is Admiral Josephs. Your Carrier will have to remain in orbit. We have no place for it to land. Bring your freighter and your pilots.”
Castor noted that the Admiral neglected to address him directly.
“Admiral. I’m running with a skeleton crew. …which is why I need to borrow some of your people. I’ll be coming down with my security team and a two-fighter escort. Only. All the rest will remain on board. As a side note … if my ship is attacked, the rest of my fighters are ready to launch. And I can assure you that they are quite capable. They have orders to destroy anything brought against us, and all your ground-based weapons, in that event.”
“You don’t trust us. We’re on the same side.”
“Agreed, Admiral. I don’t trust you. But I know exactly what side I’m on. I oppose the Unity. Your involvement in that effort has yet to be established. Choose wisely.”
“Bring your freighter down to bay twelve.”
“Acknowledged,” Castor replied. “Garrant. Lessa. Meet me at the freighter. Janet. Park it here. Greys. Three shift rotation. Two-hour shifts. At no time will there be less than four fighters manned and ready to launch. All fighters that can be launched immediately, if my ship is attacked, will do so. All other Greys will launch as quickly as possible. Objective … cripple the base weapons only. We want to have something to take command of, if the current command proves inept.”
“We have your six.” Alta said from her fighter. “Admiral. Are you sure you don’t want a bigger escort?”
“I don’t want to appear any more hostile than I have to be. I’d rather have them decide on their own that receiving us peacefully is their best course.”
“Beggin’ your pardon, Admiral,” Shades spoke up from his fighter. “But I’m going to put next week’s paycheck on them not making that choice.”
“Wait! You get paid?” That was Teke.
“No.” Shades said. “Which makes it real easy to bet two weeks. Any takers?”
“Grey’s. Let’s not get distracted, please. I’m going to be the one they have the problem with. And the freighter still has no weapons.”
“Aye, Admiral,” Alta acknowledged. “No worries. Anyone gets out of line’ll get spanked. Get what you need done. We’ll keep the light on for you and see you when you get home.”
“Alta.” Shades called from his fighter. “Can I volunteer to be the examp…”
“People!”
Garrant will likely have some things to say about discipline.
But there it was. She said it. Home. 
This is home, now. …regardless of whether I get help from down there, or not. …or who gets spanked by Alta. Sheesh!
“Bigfoot. You’re the designated adult supervision.” 
Bigfoot moved from his board. Ton Matty took his place.
“Aye Admiral.”
“Rabid.”
“Yessir!”
“Whaddaya think?”
“I’d like to be on the freighter, Sir, if it’s all the same to you.”
“Come on, then.”
“Taskinen.”
“Sir.”
“Preferences?”
“I’m caught in the middle, sir.”
“Actually, Anselmi… you shifted yourself out of the middle when you decided to come with me.”
There was a short pause.
“Yes, sir. I guess I did. I’ll stay here, unless you need me there. Your Down Team is plenty capable, and I’d really hate like hell to get in their way if things get complicated.”
“Not a problem. That’s something I’d really like to avoid, myself, but I’m kinda required to be there. I’m the one doing the negotiating.”
“You could leave that to Garrant. Her negotiations are pretty effective.”
“They are, aren’t they.” Castor looked up. “Let’s move.”
Castor got up. Rabid followed him. Remires replaced Rabid at the Systems station.

*****

“Haunter Grey freighter. Verify personnel aboard.”
“Control. Four people in all. Rear Admiral Castor Efrata-Landeez, Major Garrant. Lieutenants Lessa Kylara and Rabid.”
“Haunter Grey freighter. Clear to land.”
“Acknowledged, Control.”
Lessa set the ship lightly down in the area indicated and hit the button to open the ramp. Castor, Garrant, and Rabid were already waiting there. She slid down off the booster seat she’d had made so she could reach all the controls. Modifying the boards to be adjustable for her reach hadn’t been a lot of fun. But flying the ship in emergency scenarios was one of the things she showed a natural talent for. Castor had commented that she could nearly make it do some of the acrobatics that she was easily capable of. …in a freighter, no less.
“Alta.”
“Admiral.”
“We’re down. We can take it from here. The escort can return to the ship.”
“Aye. Be careful, Admiral. I wouldn’t want to lose you this early in the game.”
“I will.” He wasn’t sure he shouldn’t have said I … but at least he hadn’t stressed that particular word.
…I wouldn’t want to lose you, she said. Not we. Lord, help me.
When Lessa got to the ramp, she was there only long enough to stop before all four of them went down.
“Stop right there,” someone called from inside the hangar.
Castor and company stopped.
“Drop your weapons.”
Castor smiled as he said, “Garrant and Rabid…” He indicated the Valhallan and Regian. “…both of whom you know … aren’t armed. They’re sufficiently dangerous, as you also know, all by themselves. Lessa…” He indicated the Terminian. “…would be standing here almost naked. …as you also are well aware of. …and that would be a condition, for her, to which I would take great personal exception, so she will be keeping all of hers. I have weapons, but I can’t remove them. I had them while I was here, before I left. They have neural-filament connections and won’t come off until I’m dead. …which none of us, I might add, are planning on that happening any time in the foreseeable future. 
“I didn’t come here to fight you.” Castor continued in a tone that sounded almost bored with the conversation. …like he already knew where it would go and how it would end. “I came to strengthen the resistance to the Unity. But, if I have to do the former to accomplish the latter, then I will. I would prefer to concentrate only on the latter. However. I can assure you that I will end up succeeding in the former, if that’s the path you force me to be on. That being said … I bid you … yet again … to choose wisely.”
A number of commandos started filing out from everywhere. Castor’s immediate guess was about twenty. They each had rifles. All of those were pointed in Castor’s general direction. 
They were all in training with Garrant and Lessa, before they’d left.
And they looked nervous.
As well they should. They know exactly what my two commandos are capable of.
“Lieutenant Landeez,” a man said as he stepped out to where he could be seen.
It was Admiral Josephs.
…and he’s still saying my name wrong. Dang!
“You are hereby demoted to Flight Officer and you are under arrest.”
“Okay. We know how this dance goes,” Castor said quietly.
He changed his numbers and disappeared. 
Garrant, who had been on his left, stepped to her right to close the gap between her and Rabid. 
Lessa reached up to place her hand on Rabid’s shoulder. Above everything else, he had to remain calm. Her movement also distracted any notice of one of her knives disappearing.
“A hologram?” The Admiral shouted, “Landeez! Come out from your ship, or it will be destroyed!”
The Admiral winced as his hand flew up to the side of his neck. The was blood on his fingers when he looked at them.
“I’m already out, Admiral,” Castor said softly. “And you may want to consider the truth of what I’ve already told you. I’ve been able to do this for longer than I’ve had my own weapons.”
The words came from behind the Admiral. …but he could feel a very pointed object pressed lightly to the front of his throat.
“This isn’t at all the way I’d hoped it would go.”
The words now came from the Admiral’s left, but the pressure was still at his throat. 
Shots were fired at the three on the ramp. Ai had been watching, and it raised the freighter’s shields shortly after Castor disappeared. The shots caromed away.
“Stand down!” the Admiral ordered, looking at where he thought Castor was.
The commandos looked at him.
“Stand down, I said!”
The commandos raised their guns, but they remained where they were and ready.
“What do you want?” the Admiral asked.
“I want to help the Resistance.”
“I am the Resistance,” the Admiral hissed.
“How much progress have you made?”
“Ships aren’t easy to acquire! And people aren’t easy to find!”
“In only the relatively short time I’ve been gone, I’ve gained over a dozen quite talented fighter pilots, more than two state of the art ion-drive fighters for each of them, a Light Carrier. I have a Master Strike Commando … who can and has trained the best there are … including yours, I might add … along with one of the very best of those so trained. And I have a plan to acquire more ships and fighters, very quickly, with minimal cost.” The actual plan part wasn’t technically true. …but that wasn’t the actual point, right now. “Now. Let me state again that I’m the best fighter pilot you have. You need me, my ship, and my people. And let me ask you this… Is the Resistance really better off with you, or without you? Is the Resistance better off with me as your ally or your personal enemy? …your personal enemy … as opposed to an enemy of the Resistance, which I am decidedly not.”
The Admiral considered for a moment. “Anything I say at this point is a lose-lose for both me and the Resistance.”
“Not true,” Castor corrected him. “Anything you say could be a win for the Resistance, but possibly a lose only for you. It’s your choice. And, so far, Admiral … the choices you’ve made … haven’t been all that great. … concerning me, my group, or your own capabilities.”
“I will make sure Josephs gives and keeps his word.”
The voice came from behind Castor.
“If you so much as twitch, I will fire.” The voice was gravelly, female, and deadly calm. 
Play this out her way.
It was a strange thought that came to him. He could ghost, and she’d never be able to harm him. But that set up the conditions for a whole slew of random circumstances. 
People could get killed. And if I ghost, her shot will hit Josephs. …which is not at all what I want to happen.
“That is my gun in your back,” she continued. “You might not be able to be seen, but as long as you can do damage to him, then it follows that damage can be done to you. I can also see where you have your knife at Josephs throat. Remove it from there and I will fire. Show yourself.” She jabbed Castor in the back with her gun. And without pause, the woman continued. “Admiral Josephs. You are in a difficult position. But being that I am a solutions-oriented person, here is your way out of that bind. And it would be your only way out, so listen to me very carefully. First … start saying his damned name right! For that disrespect, you get this.” 
She slapped the back of his head. Not enough to do any damage. But plenty enough to be more than just incredibly annoying. …particularly to infallible authority. …and most particularly to infallible authority in front of his command. 
Castor had reappeared turned the knife, holding it by the blade. He didn’t make any indication that he was going to give it up, or make any other move.
“Say nothing,” she growled at the Admiral. “I seriously considered shooting your nose off. You still have it. EFRATA-Landeez! It is a hyphenated name! Do not be disrespectful again, or your face will be deprived of its nose!” 
She was obviously aggravated. But Castor got the feeling that she might just want to be aggravated. …at him. …and this could just be a very convenient excuse. 
“Next. Drop all charges against … first name … Castor … last name … Efrata-Landeez,” she said pointedly and slapped the back of his head again, “and his people. Write an unqualified commendation for his and their records. You! Personally! …not your sycophants. It will state both the degree of his resourcefulness and his loyalty to the Resistance.”
The woman took her gun from Castor’s back and continued, speaking to the Admiral. “Recognize his rank as Rear Admiral, as he has addressed himself, because he is in command of both a Carrier, and a fully equipped and capable fighter squadron.”
The Admiral looked at the woman abruptly. 
“I am not done yet,” she said quickly, forestalling anything he was about to say. “Open your mouth and I will shoot it off,” the woman growled slowly. “Give Rear Admiral Efrata-Landeez,” she slapped the back of his head a third time, “full autonomy. That is full autonomy! He does not answer to Resistance Command. He does not answer to you! Provide him with a full crew, along with all the extra personnel he requires. Make sure they are all the best in their fields, prioritizing flexibility and resourcefulness. …for whatever purpose he needs them,” the woman said. “Which … you can safely assume, is to man a Unity Fleet. I will captain his Carrier. Just nod, if you agree.”
The Admiral made no motion at all. “You’re insane,” he said through clenched teeth.
“You know me,” the woman said. “If it had been me instead of him, you would have been dead more than five minutes ago.” She shifted the gun and pointed it directly at Josephs face. …only a few scant inches from his nose. “That can still happen, as I do consider it a viable option for a full and equitable solution to this problem. So. One last time. Nod if you agree.”
She lowered her gun, and without changing her stare at the Admiral’s eyes, she placed three shots between the Admiral’s feet, making Josephs jump a few times.
“I may have neglected to mention that silence is consent,” she said without waiting further for an answer. “You can remain silent, if you wish. It still holds. And if you do not do all you have just not raised an objection to, I will kill you, myself. You already know, now that I have said it … it will not happen any differently, unless you can somehow manage to kill me first. …which would appear to be almost as unlikely as you managing to detain Rear Admiral Efrata-Landeez, here. …and just as stupid to attempt. So … you can claim under duress all you want. But it is either you leading the Resistance, or him. And, right now … I am leaning very heavily toward him. …which would seem to make you a little more than slightly obsolete. I will expect to have a complete list of personnel recommendations waiting for my approval, on his ship, by the time we get there. 
“Admiral Efrata-Landeez,” she continued without pause. “How many people do you need?”
“More than minimal crew for four ships. Mine and a Unity Fleet. …as you said.” 
He hadn’t exactly said anything to anyone except for his original group of four. The only one who might have said something would have been Anselmi. But he hadn’t actually gone anywhere away from everybody that he might have. 
“Ai.”
“Yes, Admiral.”
“How many people do we need, minimum?”
“Four ships, including a Unity Fleet. Minimal plus ten percent. Fifty percent would be closer to optimal. But there is limited room to house them. Four hundred people, minimally, Admiral.”
“Make it five hundred,” the woman barked. “…plus a dozen of your best combat pilots. Do I need to repeat myself on anything, Admiral Josephs?”
“No,” he growled.
She put one more shot between his feet. “Good.” She holstered her gun, turned, and went at an unhurried pace toward Castor’s freighter without looking back.
Castor looked at Garrant as he spoke softly. “Ai. Lower the shields. Garrant. Let her board. You heard the whole conversation?”
“Yes, Sir.”
He put his hands, wrists crossed, in the small of his back. He may have looked odd walking that way with his fingers spread. …but his cuffs were activated, and his back was fully protected.
He’d said it before. He didn’t trust Josephs. But while this woman … who seemed to walk a very thin line between brave and insane…
…or maybe just plain insane.
…he wasn’t going to take the chance on getting shot in the back.
The woman passed Castor’s three, who moved aside for her, but stayed on the ramp waiting for him.
When he got to them, he took Lessa’s knife from his belt, and handed it to her.
“I’ve got our backs. Go.”
They turned and went into the freighter as he deactivated one of the cuffs. Castor remained behind them. He reduced the size of the shield as he entered the ship.
Lessa hit the switch to close the access as she went by it.
Castor deactivated his shield when it was sealed. 
“Okay,” Castor started. “Now to find out…”
As he led the small group around the corner, Castor was abruptly looking down the barrel of a gun. Lessa immediately put both her hands on Rabid’s arm.
“Nobody even twitches. If you start to fade, I will fire. If I cannot kill you, I will kill them.”
“Rabid… Stay in control, please,” Castor said slowly, “and we’ll all live through this.”
“What side are you on?” she said without any hint of emotion.
Castor looked at the woman, past the gun. She was tall, taller than Castor, but otherwise unremarkable. Her expression was severe, and she looked like that might be the only one she ever wore. …even if she had another available. She stood braced, with both hands holding the gun steady. He kept his eyes locked on hers, ignoring the gun completely.
“I’m very much for freedom and liberty,” he stated just as blankly as she had asked. “Therefore, I’m for the Resistance and very much against the Unity. …as I said.”
“That’s yet to be proven. How do you go invisible?” She hadn’t waivered her stance in the slightest.
“I was taught,” Castor said in a measured tone, still not taking his eyes from hers, “that there are numbers which are directly related to my position in time and space. The only ones I have any control over are the ones that aid my targeting skills, and the ones that can slightly remove me … for lack of a better description … from the here. I’m still here, but I’m out of phase enough to be just a little past the edge of this reality. 
“My teacher was an old blind man in the tunnels of the Regian bulboar mines. He said that there are other people who can access these numbers, too. There are more who can access targeting numbers, other than the here one. The old man had access to his entire equation. He never told me who he was. …or … if he did … I don’t remember it. I don’t know how I got to Regia, but I must have been put there by the Unity for whatever reason.”
“That means you were working for them.”
“That was my conclusion, as well. But if I was, I don’t remember doing so. As I said, I have no memory before being in the tunnels and learning from him. That’s academic, however. The Unity are killing people. They’re taking people from their worlds … their homes … against their will … and forcing us to work for them. They’re using us to kill each other while they sit with impunity and enjoy the show. They’ve removed God from people’s lives and replaced him with themselves. It’s past the time for them to be stopped. The Resistance is working in that direction, but it’s not making significant progress. My goal is to get it a little momentum so it can start to do something about them.”
“Those things you have on your wrists. They’re Unity devices. Only the Unity have them.”
The gun still hadn’t moved, and Castor still hadn’t looked away from her eyes.
“They are Unity devices. I was told by my teacher to acquire a set. I killed a Unity and its crew to take the freighter they had at Regia. I removed the Unity’s cuffs and intended to use them. The ship’s A.I. explained why they wouldn’t work for me. It fabricated and installed these for me, since I already had the one set. They will only respond to their original wearer.”
“You killed the Unity and took its ship by going invisible.”
“Yes.”
“You got the Carrier and fighters directly from Saloh. She bought it.” The woman slightly nodded at Garrant.
“She is Major Garrant. Yes. She bought it. Just having it registered there, though, doesn’t necessarily give that fact away. How do you happen to have that information?”
“I have been following you since you left here.”
“That’s … improbable.”
“Not even improbable. You did not do much to hide what you were doing. …which would be a deficiency in your Security Team.”
“My Security Team is quite capable, and I have full confidence in both of them. You, however, appear to have not just an agenda, but immediate access to stealth technologies that are more advanced than can be normally had. My guess is it’s quite likely that you may be the only one with access to those technologies, all things considered. So, I don’t believe there was any failure on their part. Why were you following us? And why are you here?”
“Your pilots.” She ignored Castor’s questions. “They were all sent to you. Who sent them?”
“I don’t know. I suspect it was my teacher, the old blind man. He may have been a Grigori. I’d considered the possibility that you might be. But from the questions you’ve asked, that probability continues to get progressively lower. In any event, considering the things that he told me, it’s very possible he had a hand in getting them there. …or another like him. I don’t know. They don’t know. They, each, had the specific thought imperative planted to find someone who matched my description, on Valhalla, at that specific place, at that specific time, on that specific day. That strongly suggests to me that Jesus was directly involved whether a Grigori was the specific vehicle for it, or not.”
“I concur.” She put down her gun. “…with the possibility of a Grigori involved.”
“So, who are you?”
“Grimmer.”
“You certainly are.” Rabid spoke from the back.
“If you want a hole burned through your skull … make another joke,” Grimmer said without humor.
“Rabid. Please.” Lessa tugged at his arm to get him to look at her. “Calm. Breathe.” She lifted her chin as she pointedly inhaled slowly through her nose.
Rabid closed his eyes and inhaled slowly. He exhaled through his mouth, just as slowly, and opened his eyes to look directly at Lessa. She locked eyes with him, so he’d concentrate on her.
“Rabid is the only one of us who I’d suggest very strongly that you don’t threaten. It’ll be far too messy, and there won’t likely be anyone left to clean it up.”
“I allow everyone one mistake,” Grimmer said matter-of-factly. “The two of you have now, each, had your one. Do not make another. The next one you make … you die. And if I am dead, I really do not give a rat’s ass how messy it gets in the process. And … I can assure you … it will be a very large mess. …and there will not be anyone left to clean it up.”
Grimmer holstered her gun, turned, and left toward the ship’s galley. The bridge was in that direction. “I want full access to your A.I.,” she called behind her.
“The A.I.’s name is Ai. A I. Ai. …by the way,” Castor called after her.
“Do want her dead?” Lessa asked softly after she’d gone around the corner and they heard her footsteps fade.
“I don’t suggest it, Admiral.” Garrant said as she looked down the passageway. “I believe, ultimately, she’s on our side.” She paused for only a moment. “And I believe she’s extremely against the Unity. …to the point that nothing else matters other than destroying them. …which means she has a past. …and, very likely, she has very personal experience with them. She’s carrying a hate so strong that any obstacle that interferes with her being the vehicle of their destruction must be removed. …even if it’s the entire rest of the Resistance.”
Castor looked at her for a moment. “Ai” he called without switching his gaze from Garrant.
“Yes, Admiral.”
“Allow Grimmer the same level access to you as myself and Garrant, on all of our craft.”
“Of course. Would you like notifications of her queries?”
“No.”
“Very well, then. I will keep track for my own peace of mind.”
“That works.” Castor rubbed his eyes. “I don’t know if I ever used to drink or not,” he said to the three with him. “…but I think I may go have one now.” 
“I normally don’t,” Garrant agreed. “But I think I might join you. This has been a very long half-hour.”
“What about the Brainfry when we were on Valhalla?” Rabid reminded her.
Garrant turned to him with a softer expression. “If you remember, I had only the one. Had I not, we would have become an item of notice. …which I wished to avoid. …for a number of reasons.” She grimaced slightly and briefly, then added, “…the small crowd we drew, and the reason for it, notwithstanding.”
Castor knew what she was referring to. But he’d already decided that he’d never mention her background again. …to her, or anyone else.
“Rabid? Gonna join us?” Castor asked.
“I … don’t.” He narrowed his eyes, with a slight grimace. “It’s … not wise. I do think I’m ready for a real good nap, though. I’m exhausted. It’s been a very hard day.”
“Yes, it has,” Castor agreed. “For you, likely far more than the rest of us. Sleep well.”
Castor looked at Lessa as Rabid turned and went aft. There wasn’t anything back there but the bay, and the generator and drive rooms. Where Rabid might end up … well … Ai would keep track of him.
“I’m for a drink.” Lessa said. “…in a small glass.” She said with a raised eyebrow.
“Ai.” Castor called as they started walking.
“Yes, Admiral.”
“Take over defensive scanning. Shields full. Take us back up to the Carrier. Normal speed. If anything looks like it’s about to attack, have Bigfoot scramble the Greys immediately and let me know. Then make all haste to dock.”
“Yes, Ad….”
“I will take us up. Install me as Captain of the Haunter Grey, relieving you.” 
It was Grimmer’s voice over the general comm.
“You will keep command of the unit and the fighters, but you will be Second Captain, relieving me only as necessary.”
“Acknowledged. Ai.” Castor said to the air. “Please give control of the ship to Grimmer,” was all that Castor said on that. 
“Yes, Admiral.”
“Bigfoot.”
“Yes, Admiral.” Bigfoot answered quickly. “What can I do for you?”
“We have an officer coming on board with us. Name. Grimmer. She is relieving me as Primary Captain of the Haunter Grey. The situation is … complicated. That being said, make sure everyone cooperates with her completely and without any hesitation, whatsoever. I’ll take over as Second Captain and keep Primary command. You’ll be third Captain, for now, until we have someone to put into the rotation who’s more qualified. We have a large contingent on its way up shortly. Crew and extras for what we’re about to try to do. Grimmer was largely responsible for getting them.”
“Will do. I’ll pass the word. And, I gotta say, I’m not all that hurt about getting taken out of the command rotation. This chair is way too big for me.”
“It’s too big for me, too. So, I definitely hear what you’re saying. But that’s likely why Grimmer’s taking it, as well. She’ll likely relieve you directly when we get there. Give her the command codes.”
“I’ll have them ready. Anything else while you have me?”
“That should do it. Just want to emphasize immediate cooperation, is all. Patience above all.”
“Got it. I’ll let everyone know.”
“Castor, out.”
He looked at Garrant and raised an eyebrow. “Thoughts?”
She shrugged. “It is what it is. It either works or it doesn’t. We either live or we die.”
“However much the speed of that process is affected by Grimmer.”
“There is that,” Garrant said noncommittally.
“What do you think, Lessa?” he asked the little commando.
“To the galley? Or…” Lessa left the question hanging.
After a moment, all Castor answered was, “Galley.”
God have mercy on our souls. What have we taken on with Grimmer?

***** 

Chapter 28

“Admiral. You have several files that have just arrived. They are waiting in your inbox,” Ai announced as Castor went into the office outside of his suite and the door slid shut.
“Who is it from?”
“Fleet Admiral Josephs. I have given copies to both Major Garrant and General Grimmer, since all three of you were addressed to be notified.”
Castor sat at his desk.
“General?”
“That is her rank, according to her dossier.”
“That’s included?”
“Yes, Admiral. Along with those of all the proposed crew members.”
“Bring up the General’s. I won’t know anything about any of the rest of them. She will. I’ll leave that part to her. What are the other files, by the way? Brief overview, please.”
“One is a commendation for your permanent Resistance record. Among other things it recognizes your promotion to Rear Admiral and your command and ownership of the Haunter Grey and all its lesser craft. It mentions the freighter specifically. It recognizes the reason for your absence and its result, and it states that you were charged as AWOL in error, because your concerns at that time were not brought directly to the Admiral’s attention due to a communication failure by Admiral Josephs office staff. The other files also rescind all charges against Major Garrant, and Lieutenants Rabid, Kylara, and Lieutenant Colonel Taskinen, along with including commendations and promotions and/ or rank recognition for them, as well.”
Castor nodded. Grimmer’s file came up on his screen. He started to read.

Grimmer. 
General of the Resistance. 
No other known name or alias.

This information was acquired directly from Grimmer after she was tranquilized and kept under sedation. The subject was then held in stasis with a neural inhibitor, on full, and administered a series of serums. The accuracy of this report cannot be verified as it is unlikely that any source of any reliable verification exists, alive, at this time.

Process Background:
Unity clone functionality quickly degrades at the DNA level in subsequent generations the further they are removed from the Prime source material. An extract made from an underground flora, found only on Regia, along with micro-nanotechnology, has been found to restore full DNA functionality by comparing multiple strands of DNA and identifying sections not degraded. This restoration process does not repair the DNA to a point before any Unity modifications as the extract has no way of knowing what the DNA format was before those modifications. The extract uses healthy segments to complete a DNA chain to use as the model for its restoration and replication process.

Subject Description:
Grimmer is a test subject created from the Unity G-series clones. While the O-series are always and only ship Captains, the G-series are always and only the Science Department heads. Apparently, the G-series, as a whole, is regarded by the Unity in general as a somehow superior quality genetic base, as the G-series is capable of taking various and numerous modifications far more readily than other series. Grimmer has had a large number of sequential modifications that were made well past that Prime source. 
While all Unity clones are always androgynous, Grimmer was made fully female, in form and structure. She was, however, created sterile. She was given extremely enhanced physical and mental capabilities, even as compared to the Unity, themselves. Each of these enhancements were made in succession, and secured with the Regian extract. The Unity decided that increasing the limit of any given modification, and making further modifications from that point would be more useful. As each generation was secured, the prior generation was destroyed, being inferior to the current. Grimmer is, as she discovered, the ninety-sixth-generation clone of her series. Yet, she is equivalent to a First-Gen for her specific subseries, because there are no flaws, errors, or erosion in her DNA.
At some specific yet undefinable point in her development, Grimmer gained knowledge of the process, along with the purpose of that development. Thus, she concluded that she was only a disposable step in a series of modifications and that she would be destroyed when they successfully created the next clone in that subseries with the next set of modifications. Grimmer engineered her own escape by reprogramming the ship’s A.I. 
Once free, she turned on her creators, removing their cuff weapons, along with their forearms. She destroyed the entire facility, and all the remaining material of her series, along with all the records of the process that created her. To ensure her complete success in these efforts, all Unity, along with all of their aides, were tortured in the extreme to acquire information on where any other records may have been kept or possibly transmitted. 
The specific methods of that torture are included in a separate file, being unnecessary to this report. However. Let it be said that her methods were quite inventive, taking advantage of the Unity’s specific attributes, and she was entirely successful, according to her.
Subsequently, she has no doubt that she is the only one of her series. To ensure that she remains so, she has had a device implanted in her own chest that will detonate, should her heart stop beating. If Grimmer dies, the device is of such an explosive nature and power that, if on the surface of a planet, everything organic within the range of one-hundred miles will be reduced to ash. If on any known ship at this time, none of the ship or crew would survive.
She has coated her skin with an air-permeable substance of her own devising that will repel anything – specifically tranquilizer darts – smaller than what would be required to kill her. She will eat only a single synthesized food, which is generated by a self-encrypting, self-protecting program that she wrote. She will overlay that program into a single independent ‘cycler unit, replacing all its existing programming. Grimmer has also had installed into her sinuses a very small single-purpose ‘cycler unit, which will take in whatever air there might be and expel purified air for her to breathe. She has claimed that this device will supply her with a ready source of purified air, even underwater without any other additional devices.
In effect, she has ensured that nothing can or will enter her body unless she is aware of it and has specifically approved. Therefore, she cannot be rendered unconscious. Her explosive device cannot be removed.

Conclusion:
Grimmer has nothing to lose. She can and will kill anyone, without malice or regret, to accomplish her personal goal, which is to completely destroy the Unity. Grimmer has no loyalty to any other cause, person, or group. If she attaches herself to you, it is only because you appear to be her fastest way of accomplishing her goal at that time. She will leave you, alive or dead, when you are no longer moving her closer to that goal.
Handle Grimmer with extreme caution. She is quite capable of anything and everything that she claims. 

The file was short and to the point.
And it tells me everything we need to know about her. …the entire range. 
“Admiral. Major Garrant is here.” Ai announced.
The door slid open.
Garrant came in and took one of the waiting chairs. 
“Grimmer,” was all she said.
“I just read it,” Castor said, indicating the screen in front of him. “She’s a walking timebomb, looking for an excuse to explode.”
“That’s not entirely bad.” Garrant shrugged.
“How so?” Castor was curious how any of what he read could possibly be even remotely good.
“She’s here because we’re the ones who can further her progress.” Garrant shrugged. “But … it also means that she understands she needs help. …specifically, your help, apparently. …which means that she must see a huge amount of potential in this ship … or, again specifically, you … and possibly the rest of us, as well, but maybe to a lesser degree, since we’re connected to you.”
“Which really means that she just finds us useful, for now. As soon as our usefulness ends … at the absolute best … she’ll leave us behind for something more to her advantage. Hopefully, we’ll still be alive.”
“There is that. But, considering everything else that’s available right now … that may take a while to happen. We could all be dead well before then.” 
Garrant was a realist. …along with everything else.
“The next thing on our agenda may shoot that thought of hers full of holes.” 
“On the contrary. She seems to already know about it. And if we succeed, the Resistance will have even more and more substantial assets. But, even then, their most valuable one will still be you.”
“My team,” he corrected her. “There’s no way I can do anything by myself.”
“But you, Sir, are … forgive the expression … the unifying force at the center of that team.”
“I don’t know. That sounds an awful lot like what came first … the chicken or the egg to me.”
“Maybe,” she more or less agreed. “But that still assigns you a very high value, according to…”
“Excuse me, Admiral. General Grimmer has just demanded entry.”
“Let her in.”
“I want suite A-2 for my quarters,” Grimmer said as the door slid open.
A-2 was right next door to Castor’s.
“Ai. Assign A-2 to the General,” Castor said.
“Yes, Admiral.”
“And there will be no more meetings between the two of you that don’t include me.” Grimmer glared at them.
“Understood. Have you had the chance to go over the crew list?” Castor asked. “I can understand qualifications. But you’re likely in a better position to know who these people are, and whether they’re capable of being what we need. …all things considered.”
“I have already rejected more than half of them and made the assignments for those I kept. Josephs is going to send up another list. There are a few of the people already up here that I will keep in the positions they already have. Garrant.” She pointedly ignored her. “Kylara. Skyy. A few others. I am not impressed with most of the pilots you have. But they are what we have. Josephs is going to send up his best pilots when he starts transferring people up. I want all the fighters manned and a full, fully trained, commando compliment. They can complete their training up here. I have given him that requirement, as well.”
Grimmer turned and left abruptly. …preempting any possible discussion on any of the things she’d said.
“Apparently, she read her file.” Castor observed, after the door closed.
“Apparently,” Garrant began, “she took that information very well. …as opposed to the reaction I’d expected from her. …which would suggest that it either serves her purposes, or furthers her progress. …which, in turn, suggests that she’s going to keep us all alive, as best she can. She wants a top-notch team for the Haunter Grey and whatever else we can take. So, we’re going to get the very best and most resilient the Admiral has.”
Castor wrinkled his forehead. “Have I ever mentioned how glad I am that we’re both on the same side?”
“You may have,” Garrant answered with a small smile and a raised eyebrow. “…once or twice.”
“Do you happen have an analysis of me, by the way?”
She nodded. “You understand your skill at flying combat, as it relates to others’ abilities. The absence of your memory from before the bulboar mines, along with the distinct lesser accumulation of life experiences and social interactions, along with a far lesser range of formal education because of that absence of memory, perpetuates a definite, albeit slight, lack of confidence in most areas, along with a degree of hesitancy. 
“The only place you feel completely comfortable and confident is flying an individual combat craft, where you don’t necessarily have to interact with others, and nothing is expected of you, other than just to fly well and achieve your objective as best you know how, and can. Which … I might add on a personal note … is really no different than what people expect of you now, in the capacity of the Haunter Grey Commander. …except for the interaction part.”
Castor stared at her.
“You weren’t going to leave it alone until I told you,” she told him with a raised eyebrow. “Just like you did with my background. So, I just saved us both some time.”

***** 

Chapter 29

“I want everyone in suits. Now! Rig for silent running.” Grimmer’s voice sounded over the comm. “The ship’s powering down in twenty hours.”
Twenty hours. …for five hundred and forty-three people. That’s processing twenty-seven people every hour. It’s going to take an hour to do each one. The med staff must have been training people.
Their next number of months had been planned in advance. …and in extremely minute detail. While only the department heads were in on the tactical discussions, the entire crew had been included on the procedural discussions. …which … for the most part … was Grimmer telling the four crews in the extremely overcrowded ship how the next already planned out span of time would go.
Grimmer had each and every one of the crew, including Haunter Grey’s command staff, fighter pilots, and the Banshee commandos undergo grueling tests of sensory deprivation and psychoanalysis, geared toward finding anyone who might not be able to withstand the conditions of extreme stress the mission would proceed under, or who might not be completely committed to that mission.
At this point, everyone knew exactly what silent running meant. Minimal power … extremely minimal power. …power at the suit level … only. Shields would be down. Mockgrav would be off. All three of the different drives would be off, with no major power sources operational. They would be coasting into the system. …on an extremely pinpointed course, toward the fourth planet. …the gas giant in the system. When they started to go behind the gas giant, they’d power up everything, including Ai. Ai would fire up the ion-drive, when they got to the optimal point, and burn it just long enough so that when they shut it down, the Haunter Grey would be headed, generally, for the second planet. 
Before Ai powered everything down again, it would eject a few very painstakingly calculated charges, dropping them into the gas giant’s atmosphere. There, they’d cause a large and noticeable, but ultimately harmless, storm that would help mask what would be unavoidably seeable of their ion burn. With the Haunter Grey acting like a space rock, is was conceivable that other, smaller rocks might be tagging along. They could be pulled away from the main mass, and all the way into the gas giant’s atmosphere, causing that storm.
The buoys on the outer edge of the system would read only an unpowered mass, suggesting a rock or other debris, headed toward the fourth planet. After the burn/ storm, the mass heading insystem wouldn’t be noticed unless the Unity Fleet was interested in small asteroids and their paths. Ai had assured them that, according to the Unity A.I. it had absorbed, while the Unity didn’t normally monitor asteroids, their A.I. did, but it would only alert them if the mass posed an imminent threat to them. Being headed only generally in that direction, the Haunter Grey wouldn’t be enough of a threat to trigger that notification. If all went according to Grimmer’s plan, by the time the Unity realized they were under attack, the Haunter Grey would already be on them.
The downside of silent running, however, meant that everyone would have to be in EVA suits for the duration of the trip. …which were specially designed and created as self-sustaining units, just for this mission and their extended … very extended … use. 
Each suit had a small and very limited function ‘cycler unit. It would provide fresh air, water, and nutrition. While it had two small refillable mass source tanks … that held a pint of mercury and weighing fourteen pounds, each … it would collect all body waste and convert that, as well. Grimmer based the design on the Unity biosuits, modifying them to serve this specific purpose. Power consumption, over time, for each suit was slight. The cumulative reading would appear to be a small amount of random fluctuating energy that could be contained in stray isotopes in the piece of space debris that the ship would read as.
Because the ship’s life support systems would be shut down, the suits would also have to be heated. The small heater units would need fuel for their power source. The overall drain on the suit’s source mass tank wouldn’t be significant. But it would be constant. The small tanks, held in a thigh pocket, wouldn’t have to be filled more than once, every month, depending on how much moving around the suit wearer did. 
The tank connectors were designed so they’d be easily swappable. Connect the new tank to, and open the second feed. Close the feed to the tank being removed and disconnect it. Take the empty tank from the pocket, and put a full one in. Make sure both tanks are strapped in. You always had both the spare and operational tanks, so you’d have plenty of mass for heater fuel. Fill the first tank and leave that one for the next person.
The suits were designed for vacuum, as well, so … theoretically … the suit and person wearing it could be ejected into the void of space … which was a distinct possibility on this mission, for a number of causes … and live for nearly two months before the power in the suit ran out. …long enough for a rescue team to find and recover them, if there was going to be one. The suit’s rescue beacon was easily reachable, but not such that it could be accidentally activated.
However.
While the mission wasn’t going to be easy, by any means … the silent running legs of it were going to be exceedingly and excruciatingly dull. At slightly less than one-thousandth the speed of light it would take them about five months before they reached the gas giant. It would take only a partial day’s burn of the ion engines to swing them out of that orbit and toward the second planet. It would take a little more than three weeks to get to the second planet with the increase in speed they’d pick up.
…about a half year.
…living in our EVA suits. 
…with only the power of the suits to live by. 
…eating only a fabricated citrus-tasting mush. 
…without Ai active and able to assist with anything. …not even radio communication between ourselves.
Castor decided that Grimmer was insane.
On the other hand, this whole thing began because of Castor’s goal to take a Unity Fleet. It took insane tactics to accomplish an insane goal. Grimmer had only devised the strategy that seemed to have the best chance they were going to get for getting close to the fleet before they were discovered. 
The last leg was going to be the hardest. Grimmer was planning on adding a slight tumble to the ship by jetting a small amount of the Haunter Grey’s internal pressure. For all appearances … the ship would appear to be a dead hull, if anyone looked at it closely. 
Mockgrav will be off, so we’ll have to deal with that too. We’ve already laid plates everywhere, so we can use magnetic boots, because of the zero-g. The tumble is just going to make it that much worse. At least everything is shut down such that nothing can be accidentally turned back on until Ai reboots.
One mistake could very well mean death for the Haunter Grey and all aboard. For that one simple, albeit drastic, reason … everyone was also limited as to where they could go on the ship. Being that there was, already, a very large overabundance of people on the Haunter Grey was very crowded. 
The common-rooms had been laid out with every nonpowered amusement anyone could think of, including every board game that could be played and held down magnetically. Most of those games hadn’t been played with physical boards and pieces in eons. A huge print library had been reproduced, with all the books that were on file in all the known worlds.
Card games were out of the question. Although, various-sided dice were enclosed in special containers that could be shaken, but then the dice caught and locked down at random, so the numbers could be read.
Grimmer had already planned for the necessity that more than ninety percent of the people on the ship would have to be tranked and left comatose for well more than half the trip. Anyone could volunteer to go under at any time. She’d immediately made it well known that volunteering to be put in storage for whatever remained of the trip would be noted favorably in peoples’ personnel file. 
However. The length of time from the start of the maneuver until said volunteering would also be noted. 
What Grimmer didn’t say, was that if that span of time didn’t meet with her idea of how long it should have taken before they volunteered … that would be so noted, as well. Although … everyone who knew about Grimmer suspected that much already.
So, the Haunter Grey was modified to be prepared to handle a very large number of sleepers. The walls of the shuttle bay were cleared. The freighter, shuttles, and tugs were normally locked down away from walls, since they needed more room to maneuver. Narrow bunks, stacked not very far between, were put in. They ran from the deck to the overhead, in long rows. The medical staff would have plenty to keep them busy, once the sleepers started to accumulate, between checking on them and coordinating their power storage. 
The suits, for everything except the heating, were powered by batteries that were charged from just simple movement. The air generation and circulation, along with the water and food generation, dispensation, and recycling were powered by those batteries. The more a suited person moved, the more power was generated inside the suit and stored. Since none of the sleepers would be moving, their suit’s batteries would drain continuously. All the walkers were required to donate half their power level, once every day, to the sleepers.
There was a shielded, self-contained room where the sleepers’ suits could be partially opened, and the person could be prepped for storage. Pulling the sleepers out of storage would be much faster and easier, since the air and temp would be brought back on line quickly, negating the need for the prep room for that part of the process. Most everyone, except for Castor and Garrant’s teams, would remain in their suits until it was convenient to remove them. …which wouldn’t be until after they figured out if they were going to continue to remain alive.
Rabid had volunteered to be the first to be put in storage. …only two days into the fall. He hadn’t been close to going off. …but he didn’t want to get there, either. He also requested to be pulled out when they were halfway through the second leg of the fall. 
Grimmer was absolutely livid. 

*****

“He has no spine! I want him off this ship, soonest!”
“General … sir,” Castor began calmly. “The man was swallowed whole by a Regian burrower. He dug his way out, killing the burrower, from the inside, with his bare hands. Apparently, he is the only unaided survival in Regian records. While his spine is absolutely not in question, his ability to contain himself is, due to the aftereffects of being swallowed and that escape. If he goes off, he’s likely to do a good amount of damage to both the crew and this ship, unless he can be tranquilized quickly. …which can’t happen with Ai down and his suit on. I fully agree with, and commend, his decision.”
“Then skip all the idiotic nonsense and just put him down!”
“That wouldn’t be my first or second choice, sir. No, sir. Within his limitations, Rabid is moderately predictable. And, with some care to stay within those limitations, he can be fully relied on to enhance the safety of this ship and crew.”
“He’s a bomb waiting to explode!” 
Grimmer hadn’t lost control, yet. Castor could tell, however, that she was getting angry. But that statement was one that he just wasn’t able to ignore. 
The time had come to make things clear.
“From my understanding, General…” Castor said slowly, “…he isn’t the only one on this ship who can be considered exactly that,” Castor continued quietly, as he looked Grimmer straight in the eyes. “And between the two of them … I’d much rather be in the proximity of the one I know. His condition is understood and can be rationally dealt with. All in all, he is the far less dangerous, comparatively, of the two … and to the smaller number of innocent people who could be directly affected by his actions.” Castor spoke at a measured pace that left no doubt, whatsoever, of everything he was implying. “I would find it more than a little personally disagreeable to be forced into a choice between the two of those bombs. Nevertheless … I would make that choice, if I were forced to. And I would make it quickly. At this particular moment, I already know which way I’d choose. And I would do everything I possibly could to minimize the ensuing mess that, as I was informed … at gunpoint, I might add … would be unavoidable.”
It was as blunt as he could put it, without saying it outright. Castor left it like that, turned, and walked away. …almost daring Grimmer to kill him. The same way Grimmer had walked away from Josephs when she’d boarded Castor’s freighter to come up.
He was reasonably sure that Josephs was afraid of Grimmer, and the Admiral wouldn’t ever try to shoot her in the back … just in case he didn’t kill her. …or even if he did, considering her personal doomsday device. But Castor had no illusions that Grimmer might be under that same constraint with him.
Even though the two run roughly parallel, she needs my help to further her agenda only marginally more than I need her help to further mine. She still has to know this isn’t going to be only on her terms. If she’s going to kill me for that … then she’ll likely end up dead, as well. Nothing gets done that way. …and she fails. Regardless of how insane she is … she has to know that.
Castor decided he was definitely going to have to see if he could use the cuffs to hold a person against their will. If he could hold Grimmer … and if it was absolutely the last choice … he could … theoretically … use them to space her, while the ship shields were up. If the device Grimmer had was wired to her heart, it should have a minimal time delay, just to ensure that it had really stopped beating. Using that delay … and, possibly, with a whole lot of damage to himself … he could … again possibly … encompass Grimmer with the cuff-shields, walk her into the airlock, have himself tethered in, and then very quickly open and close the lock, letting Grimmer go, to be blown out to the ship-shields. …which would nearly atomize her, once they grabbed her. The rapid depressurization could severely injure, if not kill, Castor in the process. 
But it was what it was. 
If it got that far … he’d already decided that he would have to take that risk. …even if it did seem to put his soul into a grey area in the attempt.
Does it cost me my soul … or not … if I’m forced to give up my life while intentionally murdering someone in order to protect the people under my command? …particularly when our goals are parallel, even if our methods are worlds apart.

*****

Rabid being the first one put to sleep for the rest of the voyage let others know that it was reasonably safe, along with being a viable option. The only hard part for the sleepers once they were pulled out would be getting the feeder tube removed, woken up, and then getting back into shape. A single month in an induced coma didn’t stop ageing for that month. …and it certainly didn’t prevent muscle atrophy. When they were brought back to consciousness, they’d have to spend time in the gym. …something else having to be done while inside the EVA suits they’d been in for the entire time. The mush their suits would give them would be altered while they were in storage to be optimal for that process. 
Garrant and her Banshees would be in their own training and gym for the entire fall to the Unity fleet. None of them were going to be racked. And they would all donate half their power four times every day.
The Greys will have to come out early … about the same time Rabid does … and start getting back into shape and in the pods. They’ll still have to stay in their suits, though. Definitely not going to be fun flying like that. The rest … as long as we aren’t destroyed in the process … they, at least, have the leisure to come back at a comfortable pace. 
Watches were still set, held, and rotated. …even though there wasn’t much to do on a ship that had been shut down and was floating through space without being able to see anything. …from any source. Not even the long inner shielding on the forward viewport was open. 
The Haunter Grey still needed to have a fully functional crew, even if it was just a very minimal one, just in case the unexpected happened. …something that didn’t just immediately kill the ship and everyone aboard. Having their suits still on whenever the battle began … regardless of whether it was before or after they reached the optimal strike point … could save their lives, if things went badly.
On the other hand … it’s going to be my job to make sure that things go, more or less, as planned. And I’ll need to keep something of a flight group up and awake. I’ve got twenty-four pilots. Three shifts of eight. I can have them on a three-week rotation. Two weeks in storage and one awake. With each shift, I can have four on and four off, running a quarter-day swap. The only difference between the two is the four on have to be in the pilot’s lounge in the fighter bay. The off group has personal time. They can get some natural sleep during that time. It’s going to be tough. But at least it’ll be shorter and we’ll be staffed for emergencies.
The only really dicey part would be getting past the gas giant’s rings without taking much damage. …and being able to know exactly what that damage was, its extent, and then being able to compensate for it quickly. Ai had plotted the course to make its initial approach inside and at an angle to the rings. They would turn everything on and bring Ai back online as they went behind the planet. Ai would control the burn, and then shut everything down again when the maneuver was finished. Everything was calculated to minimize the chances of any damage. But Ai couldn’t reduce that probability to zero.
The hardest part for Ai was just where they would start the silent running from, considering the positions of the two planets, relative to both each other and the sun. They’d had to bypass the system entirely, with the worm-drive, and start the run from the other side. 
The only factor Grimmer insisted on was starting the unpowered run from a distance approximately the same as that from the sun to the outermost planet. …which could be done in less time, but the speed they’d be going, to draw as little attention to the Haunter Grey as they possibly could, was about the same as a normal comet.
It’s a good thing I’ve already done one of these dull trips once. That time, the only company I had was Rabid and the Unity A.I. I don’t have Ai this time, which is longer than the other one was. …but there are significantly more people who will be awake. It will be easier to accomplish with the different people to learn about.

***** 



Part 5

A Present Tense

Chapter 30
Establishing a team – The Haunter Grey

The lights came up.
Ai was coming online.
Communications were restored.
“Shields coming up. Bay shields are still down. Atmosphere retainer shield is up on manual.”
“These suits are too bulky! I can’t move in here!”
Alta was in her fighter. Technically, the pilots didn’t exactly need to be out of the suits, so they were required to keep wearing them. It was going to be tight in those fighters. But they’d have to work with that. And those suits might just save their lives, all things considered. The pilots were still in them because the time and the extra personnel required to get them out just wasn’t available. That’s how close they were cutting things. The remaining Greys, to fill out the squadron, had been pulled from storage only this morning. From there, they went straight to the trainer pods.
“Not to put any added pressure on you, Alta… But everything depends on you and your flight group.”
“Yah. Got that. If I end up dead because of this suit … I’m going to haunt your private ‘fresher, and scare the crap out of you every chance I get. And I’ll prefer to do it while you’re standing!”
Castor smiled and shook his head. “I … have no valid response to that, Alta.” 
“She just wants to see you nekkid, Admiral.” That was Vendant. He was Two in Castor’s’ flight group.
Castor muted his comm as he barked a laugh.
“What ship is Vendant in? I may just take a few shots at you on the way by!”
“You’re gonna have to stand in line for that one. The list is pretty long. Did you get out on the wrong side of the…”
“Okay. Come on, people. Let’s focus.” That was Shades on the Haunter Grey, in Flight Ops.
Castor unmuted his comm. “Thanks for the save, Shades.”
“I do what I can, Admiral.”
This was the first time Castor had been able to talk to his people all day. It was the first time all day any of the Greys were able to talk to anyone else. The discussion about the mission had been on a large flat surface, not having access to anything that could amplify or carry their voices since Ai was still down, and they were still in their suits. The air in the ship would carry sound, but the suits tended to muffle spoken words so they wouldn’t carry far. It was easier to talk with helmets pushed together. …but you couldn’t exactly do that with twenty-four pilots, all at the same time.
And the practice for the maneuvers almost looked like a ballroom dance, with the pilots changing positions the same as they had to in their fighters when it came time. Coordinating that in complete silence, with only the lights from the suits, was… 
…interesting. But they got it. They all got it quickly. They’re amazing people. All of them. We just might have a chance. Lord … please, help them remember where they need to be and when they need to be there. …and please keep them all safe.
Only Castor and the Banshees were suit-free. They were the only ones who had to be. While getting prepped and into the suits was done privately … getting out of the suits had to be done in a huge rush, and in an open area. Time was extremely limited. Dignity and propriety were forced to take a back seat in the effort to get everyone where they had to be, by the time they had to be there. 
The medstaff … and the people they’d trained to help them, since there just wasn’t enough medstaff to have more than one qualified person for every three people getting unsuited … were all extremely professional about what they had to do. The suits had to come off quickly. …which really meant that some of it had to stay mostly in place until everything else was taken care of. Suit tubes had to be removed from their persons in that process. Minimal cleansing had to be accomplished. …most of which was happening all at once by people other than the ones being freed from the suit. …who were occupied with a different part of the process. …which meant that there was extremely little dignity left to save. Clothes were ready, waiting, and scrambled into as quickly as possible. Even beyond the time factor, it was still pretty cold in the ship. 
It hadn’t been hard to notice that most everyone was trying hard not to notice anyone else in the open area where upwards of fifty people were getting out of suits and into minimal combat gear. Lessa, Castor, and Garrant were side by side in the front row, separated only by a matter of a few yards, with their individual groups being supervised by a single medtech. 
Castor had heard what sounded like teeth chattering. When Lessa finally had to answer a question, the way the words came out made it clear that she was extremely cold. 
…which hadn’t been the only way she’d been showing it. 
She’d briefly glanced at him, as well.
There just isn’t a lot of her there to keep any heat in. Her suit doesn’t let it be seen, but she’s muscled-up just like Garrant. …only Lessa’s not as bulky for her frame.
The Haunter Grey hadn’t been powered up, but they’d put a radiant heater in that area to try to get the temperature of that one area up. And it worked. …but it was still very cold.
But everyone was out of their suits, given a quick sponge bath, and gotten into their combat gear. 
And it happened quickly. Far more quickly than you’d have thought possible with all of those not being unsuited … still wearing their own.
And it was all done with a very high level of professionalism.
…where and why they got all the volunteers they did is beyond me.
At this point, Castor was in his fighter. 
He watched the bay doors slide open. 
Looking out of the bay into space was unsettling. The atmosphere shield was up They could fly through it. But the air would stay in the bay.
The Banshees were all loaded into a shuttle, now, suiting up in their full armor. Unless Alta and her group got real lucky, the Banshees should have a little time, yet, before they’d be required to launch.
“Fighter bay is open. Launch as planned.”
“Unity has fighters out!”
“Grey One-One, away!” Castor called into the comm.
“Grey One-Two, away!” Vendant called.
There was a short pause.
“Ai is fully up and functional!”
“Grey One-Three, away!” That was Qixx.
“Grey One-Four, away!” Aedis was raising his fighter off its cradle.
The next few minutes saw a dozen additional Grey fighters launch.
“We’re ready.” Lessa was in a shuttle. She’d be flying the Banshees over when she was told it was time. While it was adequately shielded, there’d been no modifications to arm the shuttles or the freighter.
“Remember. Save your missiles until you’ve got a target. Priority for missiles are the Escort engines, the Carrier bay, the Escort weapon tube, and Carrier engines, in that order of priority. Any time you have a clear shot, take it. Don’t waste ‘em, though. Just keep their shields up. Keep an eye on the Escort when you’re there. Everything else … just like we talked about. Stay to the plan as much as you can.”
It had taken an awful lot of arguing to get the rest to allow Castor to fly. But … he had to be out here, one way or another, so he might as well be part of this effort, too, rather than wait and go over with the Banshees.
The Unity fighters were coming. But they were slow about it. They had to stay within the gravity well. If they ventured out of it, they had no way to maneuver.
“Fire one missile at the two main targets now. They’ll see them coming, but they’ll have to keep their shields up. Fragmenting the comm, now.”
Castor’s group would hear only the others in that one group and Shades. The rest of the groups would have that limitation, too. Shades would hear all and be heard by all.
Makes sense. Too many voices, and you can’t hear someone who might need help. This way, each person in a group is responsible for the rest of them in that group. The only other voice we’ll hear is Shades, and he can tell us what else might need to happen.
Bigfoot and Raptor fired a missile, each, as planned.
The four groups of four Greys split up; up, down, left and right, forming a vertical box. The plan was to split up the Unity fighters as much as they could.
The Haunter Grey started to maneuver. Its shields were up. It had weapons. …and those were charging. It would fire at the Escort, to try to keep it in place.
“The Unity fighter group is starting to fragment. Wish I was out there.”
“Wish you were, too, Shades. You drew the short straw. But you’re on the scanners, this time, and you’re good at that, too.”
“I’m gonna cheat the next time! I’m reading thirty-eight fighters.”
“A little more than two-to-one. Not so bad.”
Alta’s group, Grey Five, was still clamped in their cradles. The final nine were manned, but they wouldn’t launch unless they were needed. Each of the fifth flight had double loads of missiles. The extra weight made them less nimble. They’d launch. …but at a better time.
As the Greys neared the Unity fighters, which looked like they’d already chosen their targets, Grimmer called out over the comm, “One!”
Each Grey group of four split up. One headed to the left, and one to the right, meeting the fighters coming from either side. There were now eight groups of two, in a vertical circle.
Grimmer called out again, “Two!”
One of each of the original four groups split off and met in the middle, leaving the group of four in the center, four groups of two in the center of the squarish edges, and one single fighter in each corner of that square.
“Three.”
The single fighters went in toward the center, while the remaining groups of shifted apart, meeting the one from the corner. There were now four groups of three in a tighter circle around the center group of four.
The groups of three all slowed, just a little, letting Castor’s group in the center pull ahead at full speed.
The Unity fighters seemed confused and disorganized as the battle was joined.
Gotta hand it to Grimmer for that one. She knows the Unity. …now if she was just sane…
The Unity fighters were already firing. They were still just a little too far, so none of their shots were reaching the Greys. But it would be only seconds before they’d be in range.
“Four!” Grimmer called.
The four center fighters each spiraled out from the center, making a full circle, each joining with one of the groups of three. …which, as it was choreographed … was their original flight group. The four groups moved aback out toward the edge of the square, where they’d started.
The unity fighter groups broke apart, even more.
From there, Flights Two, Three and Four headed for the Escort, the Wellship, and the Carrier. Castor’s group met the incoming fighters.
“Some of them ran into each other! Thirty-two.” Shades was keeping track of the numbers.
Two-to-one, even. Getting’ better.
The groups split into doubles and began chasing the fighters, who appeared to be chasing the four who had originally been in the center. 
Castor cut thrust, turned his fighter, and met the Unity fighters side-on and took a splatter of energy bolts. It made him a bigger target. …but his group would have better shots while the Unity concentrated on him.
Castor dumped all energy from his weapons into his shields and stabilized them. He set the weapons recharge rate to full. It would slow him down a little, but that would make him a more optimal target. …they’d chase him, and give his group time for better shots to protect him. If the Unity pilots didn’t chase him, then he’d end up very much closer to where they really didn’t want him to be.
“Missile at the Escort,” Shades announced. …which meant no one should fire another at it soon. 
“Got him!” Vendant called.
“Thirty!”
Castor checked his scanner. 
Qixx, the third in Castor’s group, was being chased.
Castor pulled up and right, falling in behind the chaser.
The Unity banked off to the left. 
…straight into an oncoming Grey, who let it have a load of bolts.
“Twenty-nine!” …and after a very short pause. “Twenty-four!”
Castor located the Escort and lobbed a missile at its dish.
“Missiles at all three!”
He checked his scanner, finding where everyone was.
Castor found Vendant and Aedis and turned toward them.
They were both being chased by fighters.
“Drag ‘em this way!”
They’d locate him.
One swung up. The other swung right.
Both the fighters turned to keep behind the Greys.
“Go up a little,” he said into his mic.
Castor started down and then pulled up again.
Castor let loose a spray of bolts, flipped his fighter, and let lose another.
“Twenty-two!” he heard immediately.
“Missile at the Carrier!”
“Sweet! Four were launching, but they just took out three of their own with their shields. We’ve got twenty-one, now! Nice timing, Bigfoot!” 
Castor found a fighter coming obliquely toward him, chasing another Grey. He let it have a spray.
“Twenty!” …and very quickly, “Nineteen! Flight Five is away!”

***** 

Chapter 31

Bigfoot was in the center four with Castor.
As they’d discussed, the center four were each flying so that the one opposite was straight down, relative. The outer ring of fighters had already switched places twice.
“Four!” Grimmer called over the comm.
Bigfoot pulled to the right and up. He watched his scanner. While it wasn’t likely he’d hit anyone, he had to keep track of where everyone was. By the time he made a full circle, he was back with his group, now, and levelled to fly below them. 
“Some of them ran into each other! Thirty-two!” he heard Shades call.
At this point, communications were already cut off between the different flight groups. This let each group concentrate on what it was doing. 
He felt the weak strike of bolts against his shields. They’d hit his underside. That was expected. Bigfoot stayed on course, dumped a little energy into his shields from his weapons and equalized them. He kicked his engines up to full and pulled down as Mykell and Speedy went for his chasers.
And now comes the hard part.
Bolts bounced off his shields again.
He spiraled to the down to the left.
“Thirty-one!”
His display showed Raptor directly beneath him.
Six were after that group. 
He pulled up, leading his target. 
His weapons were full.
He fired, sending a stream of bolts at the Unity fighter.
The weak spot was the front. …the same as the fighter he was in. Only, they’d have to lower a section of their front shields to fire their cannons. While the Unity shields resembled an open-ended egg, the Resistance fighters were encased in a tube that was longer than the fighter. While the shields were up, the angle to strike a direct hit on a Resistance fighter was far narrower than that required to hit one of the Unity’s.
He watched as the front edge of the Unity fighter’s bands were burned and curled back. One band must have made contact with its shields. It was yanked off, and the fighter was sent spinning. 
Bigfoot followed the fighter, continuing to spray it with energy bolts.
“Twenty-nine!” He heard Shades announce.
Bigfoot chased a few of the fighters. So far, they hadn’t shown any real competency. 
They’re being shot down fairly quickly, even though we’re outnumbered.
As he refocused, Bigfoot saw he was more or less pointed at the Unity Carrier’s launch bay. 
He tossed a missile at it. It was a loose lock, but unless the Carrier was maneuvering…
…which wouldn’t be terribly smart…
…the missile should hit right about at the bay.
“Missile at the Carrier.”
Bigfoot checked to see where his three were. 
He pulled up and right.
Energy bolts hit his shields.
He shifted energy to the shields and firmed them up again.
“Sweet! Four were launching, but they just took out three of their own with their shields. We’ve got twenty-one, now! Nice timing, Bigfoot!” 
Remona came up beside him for a second and peeled off to the right.
Where’s Speedy?
He found a fighter getting closer, turned to it, and fired.
“Twenty!”
He checked all his cockpit readings as he circled.
Not optimal, but very acceptable. We’re supposed to stay here at the Carrier and try to keep anything else from launching. That’s fine with me.
He found Speedy.
…and pulled up quickly. Sparks shot from his panel.
“Sorry, Bigfoot! You still good?”
“I’m okay. I’m gonna do a loop or two and get my shields back up to full.”
“I’m gonna have to do the same.”
“I’ve got one I can’t lose!” 
“Be right there, Remy!”
He found Remona, cut his thrust and turned, adjusting just a little.
He let a spray of bolts fly.
“Nineteen! Flight five is away!”
Alta and her group weren’t out for long before he heard, “Okay, Alta. I see you. Aren’t you lucky! You’ve got four that want you!” 
Bigfoot only wished he could have heard what Alta had said to that. His cousin was not short on displaying a slightly narcissistic face, and that was the perfect opening for her.
“Castor. You’re closest. Alta needs help. I’m patching you in to her.”
Actually… it’s not self-love she shows. …and it’s not just covering up the hurts. It’s the way she handles being what she is. She rarely misses any target she picks. …moving or not. People look at her strange because of it. This overcompensation is how she tends to deal with all of it. For a while, she was missing things on purpose. But those misses were always by the same margin. And she still hit right where she was aiming, and that started to drive her nuts, so she just shot right. 
She wants so very hard not to be a freak. It doesn’t matter how much I tell her she isn’t. …that she’s just extremely talented, and to consider it a gift. The only way she’s ever going to get out of that is to find someone she can settle down with. …except that every time she’s tried … the freak-thing always gets in the way. …and there’s no way that I can help her with that. Maybe here, with the Greys, she’ll finally find someone.
Bigfoot was sprayed with bolts again.
We know this dance. Let go step on some toes.
That was one of his cousin’s favorite sayings. It almost didn’t matter what they were doing at the time. If she was targeting anything … for any reason, even if she wasn’t shooting … someone was going to think she was a freak. …even if it was only her.

***** 

Chapter 32

Alta sat in her fighter. These EVA suits were bigger … bulkier … than what they’d normally have to wear in a cockpit, but only because they didn’t have the time or luxury of being able to swap them out for the right suits. Most of the life support on the Haunter Grey couldn’t get brought up until just before the battle started. And they could only take care of so many. Everyone going onto the Carrier was going to have to have their normal gear on.
…not these God-awful things.
But it really wasn’t all that comfortable. It was hard to work the controls right.
This damned suit!
She’d complain about her hair … except she’d been in the suit for about a half-year, now. The time to comment about her hair was all that time minus one day ago. …two on the outside. Past that, it was far too late.
Talk about a case of bed-head!
The suits were designed well. They’d known how long they’d be worn when they built them. So, it wasn’t exactly as bad as it could have been.
…but at this point … the raven-haired beauty prolly don’t look so hot. I prolly don’t smell so hot, either. …which really adds insult to injury. But I can’t tell, because I’ve been in this mobile coffin for so durned long. And I was even asleep for the most of it. 
“Group Five. You’re clear to launch. You’ve got a path.”
Alta got her fighter up off the cradle. 
It was flying like a pig.
“Okay, guys. You know the drill and the targets. I know it’s been a while since we’ve flown, but it’s just like dancing. Let’s go step on some toes!”
Alta shot out of the bay, followed by the rest of her group.
“Nineteen!”
She checked her scanner. Missiles were flying.
“Flight five is away!”
“Eighteen!” she heard.
“Remires. You’ve got the Carrier. Carilla. You’re on the Escort engines. Keep their shields up. Teke. You’re with me. Stay moving. Do loops if you pick up a leech. Let Shades know and he’ll get someone to come and scrape it off.” 
Double-clicks came over her comm. Her group knew their jobs.
“And if I can get a shot off at Vendant…”, she added, “please don’t tell the Admiral.”
Remires launched a missile toward the carrier. Alta saw it flash by from behind her. 
“Missile at the Carrier!”
She cut the power recharge to her shields, increased the recharge to her weapons, and punched her speed up as far as it would go. She wasn’t planning on using the bolts, and she’d be able to keep her shields up for a while with what she would transfer.
“Here we go! I’m coasting!” Alta called as her speed got to be optimal.
She cut her thrust, maxed her shield and weapons recharge, and turned so she’d be facing the Wellship as she went by it. 
She was coasting sideways. 
Enemy fighters would only have a moment to have a good angle to fire at her.
Teke would be covering her. 
She checked her scanner.
 “Seventeen!!”
That’s put us down to just about one each. …’cept I’m not playing that game.
Energy bolts hit her shields.
CRAP! I guess I’ll have to play with them. That could have been more convenient.
“Teke! Keep going! I’ll keep this one busy.”
Alta dumped weapons energy to her shields and stabilized them. After bringing her shield back to holding, she pulled up and maxed her speed.
The enemy fighter nearly hit her as it went by.
She looped around to follow it.
More bolts hit her shields.
She checked her scanner.
I’ve got two of ‘em!
She saw another missile was headed for the Carrier.
On her way around her loop, she saw one of the Greys coming toward her. A fighter was following it. 
Grey Three-One. I forget who’s in that one. Doesn’t matter. I’ll scratch your back, you scratch mine.
Alta straightened out of her loop, watched the numbers flash inside her head, and fired toward the Grey coming at her. 
Bolts flashed past her at the fighters chasing her. The bolts didn’t look like they missed her by much.
That’s okay. I didn’t miss Three-One by much, either.
“Fifteen!”
More bolts hit her shields.
She started her looping again.
She straightened up just long enough to fire a missile at the Wellship.
“Missile at the Well.”
A spray of bolts got her. 
She dumped all her weapons energy to the shields and firmed them.
I need more speed. Weapons are empty. Shields aren’t good. I gotta max the weapons.
“I need help!”
“Okay, Alta. I see you. Aren’t you lucky! You’ve got four that want you!”
“Hey. I’m the raven-haired beauty! What’s not to want?”
After he volunteered for the spanking, I’m thinking he’s probably goin’, Them and me too. …but not quite for the same reasons. Yah. No. Not Shades. Nice guy. But he’s not a freak like me.
“Castor. You’re closest. Alta needs help. I’m patching you in to her.”
“Hard up, Alta!”
She pulled her yoke back hard as she called back to Castor, “Hey! That’s getting’ a little personal, don’t you think!”
What she really wanted to say was, not yet. …but that wouldn’t have been exactly true.
She watched a spray of bolts flash past.
“Thirteen.”
As her loop topped out, she saw the remaining two had turned to follow Castor.
She locked a missile onto the closer of the two. She pushed hard down just after she fired the missile and threw all her weapons energy to her shields again.
“Twelve.”
Using these missiles on a fighter was like swatting a fly with a sledgehammer. She heard the shrapnel bounce off her shields. Sound didn’t carry in the vacuum of space, but the shields somehow managed to make anything hitting them audible inside the fighter. But it wasn’t a clang or a thud. It was more like a whining zing. 
The other fighter peeled off. Castor was momentarily free.
“Thanks, Alta. Hope your hair survived that.”
“I think so, but I can’t get at it right now to tell. And thank you, Admiral! Resuming my run!”
She had time to think, now. 
She hated having time to think. 
When she had time to think, that’s exactly what she did.
And it doesn’t ever end up well.
She fired a missile.
“Missile at the Well!”
The Admiral doesn’t miss, either. He’s a freak, too. …it had to be the Admiral. It couldn’t be one of the pilots who’s like me. Garrant and Kylara are always so close to him, any time he’s in public. I wonder if one of them has something going on with him. A living rock-crusher, or an inverted pin cushion on a rubber-band. Either one … sheesh! 
Her shields were sprayed with bolts.
Dang! Girl! Live to get your hair washed. Then think about not being lonely!
She firmed her shields quickly and turned her fighter to see what she needed to take care of.

***** 

Chapter 33

Sparks flew from Ton’s board.
He’d gotten a little too close to the Carrier’s shields.
He bounced off them and was well away from it before he regained control of his fighter.
If I’d hit it head on, I’d be a dead man.
Note to me… Possible evasion tactic. Kiss the shields. Crack the whip. Prerequisite … live to try it in a pod, first.
“Damn! What’s after me? Shades! I’m blind, here!!”
Nothing but crackling came in response.
He did a quick manual visual check around him.
Nothing yet. …accent on the yet.
He hit the emergency reboot. That would give him control of the engines and maneuvering first, then bring up everything else. …if anything still existed by then.
He twisted around, trying to see if anything was close by. …and which way he was going.
…which probably isn’t the way I’m facing.
Systems started coming back online.
He hit the onboard diagnostics as soon as they were available.
Seemed like the only thing that took a hit was his communications. 
Not bad. Not convenient, though.
He initiated the systems troubleshoot and repair routine. 
That should reroute the comm through one of the spare circuits. …unless the cables are shot.
Ton checked to see where everyone was. Nothing was after him yet. His thrust had automatically shut down. He was coasting.
He got his communications rerouted to a secondary path.
“…ne! Are you okay! Answer me, dude! We’re starting to get worried, here! I’m gonna get someone out there in about thirty seconds if you don’t say something!”
“Shades! It’s okay! I’m okay. Comm went out for a minute. Had to fix that. Ride seems to be good, so far. …although it might be cussin’ me out right about now.”
Lights blinked green. Everything was up. He maxed his shield recharge. That was a double-edged sword. With both the shields and weapons maxed, it would slow him down horribly, but he could get the shields back up to full a lot faster.
As long as nothing comes after me, I should be good for about a half a minute.
After Ton looped around, he tossed a missile at the Carrier’s bay, along with a few energy bolts.
“I’ve got maneuvering and thrust. Weapons and missiles are good. I’m good to go. Shields are gonna take a little bit to be full.”
He dumped what little there was of his weapons energy to his shields and stabilized them.
“Aft shields took the brunt. They’re good but not full.”
“Three-One! Head up and left. You’ll have one on your back end, but Alta needs a quick hand.”
“Heard that! On my way!”
“Eighteen”
His weapons hadn’t charged yet.
This is not going to be good.
He located Alta. 
She was almost coming right at him.
He pulled up a little. His shields took a few hits. He levelled out, dumped all his shield energy to his weapons, and sprayed the two fighters chasing her. 
Alta fired at the fighter chasing him.
Just as quickly, he threw all of the weapons energy he had back into his shields and shifted the lion’s share aft.
He hadn’t missed her by a lot.
It hadn’t taken more than two seconds. His hand flew across the control panel.
He drained his weapons to his shields again, then firmed and equalized them.
 “Fifteen!” he heard Shades call.
He pulled around in time to see one of the Greys…
That’s One-One! Castor!
…slew his fighter around…
He must have cut his thrust. He’s coasting and turning back around!
Castor sprayed two Unitys with bolts.
Both exploded.
“Thirteen!”
“Dang! I gotta remember that one!”
“What was that Three-One? Say again!”
“Nothing. Sorry. Thinking out loud.”
Ton found the Carrier on his scanner.
He slewed around like Castor had, cut his thrust and fired a missile at the launch bay.
It works better with energy bolts. They go faster. They’ll see that missile coming easy. It’s going slow. But they’ll still have to keep their shields up.
Ton checked to see where everyone was.
He found Five-Four. It was alone facing the Escort’s engines. Alta looked like she was headed for the Escort’s dish. AJ, Three-Three, was looping close to the Carrier’s bay. Five-Two was headed…
…coasting sideways! She’ll be facing the Well when she gets even with it! Dang! Who’s after me?
All the rest of the Unity fighters were busy.
“Castor. You’re closest. Alta needs help. I’m patching you in to her.”
Great! I’ve got three missiles left. I know just where to use ‘em!
“Shades! I’m free. I’m gonna go help Five-Two!”
“I’ll let her know you’re coming!”
Ton cut the recharge to his shields and threw all his weapons energy and recharge to his engines, heading toward the Well. That was about as much speed as he was going to be able to get. Unless someone lost track, all the Unity fighters were tied up. He wouldn’t need his weapons. 
He made a wide arc and found right where he wanted to be.
“Three-One. You’re on with Teke.”

***** 

Chapter 34

Teke sprayed a fighter that was chasing…
…Three-Four. Okay.
“Eighteen!” 
Alta picked up one.
…make that two. I gotta…
“Teke! Keep going! I’ll keep this one busy!”
Teke clicked her comm twice and checked her scanner. She had a clear path. Everyone else was looking furballed.
Me free? I definitely do not have a problem with that scenario.
She kicked her engines up, shifting all of her weapons recharge to her engines. Bringing up the Wellship to soloview, she found what she was looking for, and adjusted her course. 
She cut her forward thrust and turned sideways. 
She’d miss the Wellship’s shields. But she’d make sure she was stopped, relative, before she got past her target.
Now for the dull part.
The dull part consisted all of about a full two minutes of just coasting and watching the universe go by her front window. …while keeping track of where everyone was, and making sure she didn’t pick up a fighter.
“Five-Two. You’ve got help coming! Three-One is on his way.”
“Tell ‘em he better get here quick, or he’ll miss all the fun! Better yet. Patch him in and I’ll tell him!”
“Three-One. You’re on with Teke.”
“Teke. You could slow down a little.”
That sounds like Ton.
“I think not, dude! Use it or lose it!!” 
“Wasn’t that supposed to be move it or lose it?”
“Whatever. You say potato. I say potahto. The early bird gets the worm!”
“Second mouse gets the bait!” Ton countered.
She heard Shades laugh.
She checked her scanner. 
Ton was coming up fast on a wide arc.
He launched a pair of missiles.
She jumped and caught her breath as she saw numbers.
What the hell!!
Linking her missiles, she turned her fighter a little.
Stay calm, Tekeness! Keep it together! …even if you don’t know what just happened inside your own head.
She looked at the Wellship quickly, and then back to her screen at the missiles.
She could see numbers.
And she knew what they were.
How in hell am I doing this!!
Ton’s missiles were right on point. Teke knew where they were going to hit. That was exactly where she wanted to aim hers.
She started to adjust her vector.
She saw more numbers.
Her missiles were going to have a starboard slew because that’s the direction she was coasting.
She adjusted the nose to the left a little
The numbers were right!
Now!
She fired them.
She checked her screen.
It looked like her missiles would hit the left side, past the edge of the vent. But the numbers she saw said they’d hit dead-center.
Ton launched a third missile.
He must be out!
She turned a little again.
The numbers are right. I can see them! They’re right!
She fired another pair.
The numbers said they’d get there at the same time Ton’s last one would.
That’s seven. …all right up the shield vent!
The first four missiles hit. …all at the same time. …and all very close to each other, right in the center of the vent.
Flashes on the outer hull showed.
The second wave of missiles hit. They were in the center of the vent, too.
A large flash on the outer hull.
Putting the missiles in the vent would force a massive part of the explosions into the small void layer between the two sets. The vent existed because the outer layer of shields … the one creating the well … was pulling in. The inner layer was pushing out, to protect the ship. The two sets of shields were actually working against each other. Anything that got sucked in would eventually blow out the inner shields if the pressure couldn’t be vented. Clogging the vent … plugging the hole, as it were … with missile explosions added a huge amount of pressure on the inner layer of the shields. They’d be blown out. …at which point, the well layer had to be shut down so it wouldn’t suck something in and destroy the ship. It wouldn’t take anything substantial to wreak havoc with the well up and the shields down. It was a planet sized gravity well around a relatively very small ship. Just damage to the generator pods would be the absolute best the Unity could hope for. 
Teke checked her scanner.
The Unity fighters were all flying in straight lines.
“YES!!”
She threw her hands up. …and slammed them into the cowl.
…ouch…
Okay. So much for celebrating. At least the suit gloves are thick.
“THE WELL IS DOWN! REPEAT! THE WELL IS DOWN!!”
“Five-One and Five-Four. We have the Escort covered! It’s out of the fight!”
“Three-Four. I have the Carrier Engines! It’s not going anywhere.”
“I’ve got the Well vent. Get someone over here quick, so we can lock it up! I’m half out! Three-One is empty!”
“Greys. This is Grimmer. The Freighter and Shuttles One and Two are launching, according to plan. Groups Three and Four are moving to cover all engines. When they are in place, Groups One and Two will relieve Group Five. Two-One, take the Carrier bay. When One and Two are in place, Group Five, Shuttle Two will be on station to reload you. One-One and Shuttle One will board the Wellship. All comms are open at this time. Keep the chatter down. Non-fighter craft. We are putting you on solo-comm.”

***** 

Chapter 35

“Greys. This is Grimmer. The Freighter and Shuttles One and Two are launching, according to plan. One-One. Take your position at the Carrier, as planned. Groups Three and Four are moving to cover all engines. When they are in place, Groups One and Two will relieve Group Five. Two-One, take the Carrier bay. When One and Two are in place, Group Five, Shuttle Two will be on station to reload you. All comms are open at this time. Keep the chatter down. Non-fighter craft. We are putting you on solo-comm.”
Lessa was in Shuttle One. She’d need to be able to concentrate, and she didn’t need to hear all the organizational back-and-forthing, with the freighter catching up to the disabled fighters and the missile reloading. 
Garrant was in the personnel compartment, getting the Banshees ready. 
Everything had to happen by the numbers and exactly as planned from this point, or the whole mission could still come crashing down around their ears. …and some of it had to be handled very delicately. 
The only wildcard they had right now was the Wellship’s command. The ship’s shields were down. If it could get moving enough to get its worm-drive fired up, it was possible that it could leave. Without it, the Carrier and its entire load of fighters was useless. On the other hand, without the Carrier, the Wellship was useless.
It was a few minutes before the comm started up again.
“Greys. Flight Five is fully loaded. Five-One and Five-Two. …take positions to guard the Escort. Five-Three and Four. …keep the Well down. Damage its engines as a last resort, but keep it here. One-One. Lock in your position relative to the carrier and hold it there without variation. Flights One through Four. …I am sending you a positional pattern, relative to One-One’s current position. Take these locations quickly and exactly. You will be receiving aiming points, as well. If you do not have a full complement of missiles, reload from Shuttle Two at this time. Report in when you are in position.”
It was another minute or so before everyone was on their assigned station. Grimmer came on the com again.
“Do not vary from these points. They are for your safety. Link your missiles. We want that ship alive, but we want the shields down. I will not hail them for surrender. I will, however, assume that they will keep their shields up for as long as they can. Fire two volleys of linked missiles. Two volleys only. …each on my mark. Mark one!”
A pair of missiles were fired from each of sixteen fighters. It took the same amount of time for each fighter to reload its two missile tubes. All were going at a slight angle into the Carrier’s shields.
“Mark two!”
Another volley from each followed.
“It looks like rain,” Garrant commented from the copilot’s chair. 
“It doesn’t rain on Termina,” Lessa said. “You’ll have to show me sometime. …but not on Valhalla, please. …unless you can do so from somewhere other than the top of those stairs. I’m in great shape, but…” She pointed to the booster seat that was installed so she could reach the controls. 
Garrant grinned. Lessa’s meaning was clear. Being about two-thirds the size of most non-Terminians … that staircase was about half-again as long for her, relatively, as it was for everyone else. That she’d made it to the top with as little effort as she’d made it seem, only testified to exactly how great shape she was in.
Garrant and Lessa had the view of what was happening out there on their screen.
There was a flash from the hull of the Carrier. …and that was followed by a larger flash.
“Greys. Switch to energy cannon. Link to fire two shots only. On my mark. Mark!”
All sixteen fighters fired a linked pair of bolts from their cannon. 
Pods exploded from the stress.
“One-One. Fire one shot. Report.”
Castor fired one shot. It hit the hull.
“Their shields are down,” Castor reported. “I’m going into the bay.”
“Hold steady, One-One. Wait for further orders.”
“Acknowledged. Waiting for further orders.”
“Shuttle Two, you are clear to launch.”
“Shuttle Two, Launching!” Lessa said. 
“Three-One. Arm your missiles.”
“Arming Missiles.”
“Three-One. Fire one volley of enerjectiles, only … repeat … enerjectiles, only … into the bay.”
Ton fired one volley of bolts into the bay, not delaying to confirm the order.
The bolts went all the way into the bay.
…and they didn’t get stopped by shields. That made sense. They’d see the missiles being armed, if their scanners are still functional. If they could raise their shields to stop the missiles from getting in, they would have. They’d have lost the entire center of the ship, if he’d fired them. Ton switched to his energy bolts at the last second and fired those. They wouldn’t have seen the switch soon enough to take the shields back down in time.
“One-One. Proceed with the mission.”
“Proceeding.”
They’d considered sending Lessa out with the freighter to pick up the disabled Unity fighters. But that would have tied her up too long. Garrant wanted her here with the Banshees. 
Once the shuttle was clear of the bay, Lessa turned its side to the Haunter Grey so she could push the ion engines up to full. When she was completely clear, she turned back toward the Unity Carrier at full speed. Ideally, she was supposed to be right on Castor’s tail as he went in.
“Coming in hot!” Lessa called. …and then thought about what she’d said.
It didn’t take long for her to catch up to Castor.
“Nice timing, Lessa,” Castor said over the comm.
She had achieved exactly what she’d intended.
“I do what I can, Admiral. I’d hate to not be here when you need me.”
She dropped her shoulders, shook her head slightly, and closed her eyes at the way that had come out. 
I should have said us. Us is what I really meant to say.
Garrant cocked her head slightly at Lessa’s expression.
Lessa answered her with only a long blink, opening one eye slightly after the other. With a slight shrug and slow shake of her head, her fingers lifted a little off the yoke.
Lessa was a Banshee Commando. She would give her life without a second thought to save her unit, if that’s what it took. And she suspected that almost any one of them would do the same. But she didn’t particularly consider any of them under the exact category of friend. Garrant was pretty much alone on the friend list right now. She’d follow Castor to the ends of the universe and back. …but he wasn’t in that category, either. 
That’s not exactly true. He is … but it’s a little more complicated than that. I don’t plan on ever chasing him to start a relationship. …but I sure wouldn’t turn him down if he wanted to pursue one. 
…and there it was, she realized.
Yes. I wouldn’t turn him down. …and I’d probably make even more of a fool of myself than I already have in the process. I won’t chase him. …but is there any possible way for me to get him to start thinking in that direction…?
Garrant … I haven’t seen anything that suggests she has a romantic interest in anyone. Not even Castor. She has something else going on that she hasn’t said anything about. …to anyone. Hopefully she won’t … no. I gotta keep my head clear. Splatting a moving shuttle is bad.
After both craft reworked their shield configurations and switching to the grav-drive, Lessa locked the shuttle’s nose onto the back end of Castor’s fighter. 
“Don’t take this personally.”
She muted her comm for a second and said, “Lessa … get control of your mouth.” She unmuted the comm. …but didn’t look at Garrant. 
…who absolutely must know what’s got me so flustered.
She slid them both into the Carrier’s fighter bay and hovered there.
A few energy bolts were fired from handguns. …which only bounced off the two ships’ shields.

*****

“Ai”
“Yes, Admiral?”
“How long will it take you to infiltrate the systems on this ship?” Between Ai being shut down, except during the burn around the gas giant, for the last half year, and not having the time to think about things like this until now, Castor finally had a few questions for Ai, as Lessa took them into the Unity Carrier’s fighter bay.
“It depends on the path I have to take to do so. If I can find an available and unguarded way in, it will be quicker. I will not be able to fly it, immediately. But I will be able to override most of the other functions, given just a little time. The plethora of knowledge I gained with the addition of the A.I. from your freighter is invaluable. It was capable of many more things than you had discovered. I believe I know where I can make my entry into the system.”
“Great. Can you keep the bay closed, pressurized, and under constant gravity and light, so our people remain safe?”
“I will make that my highest priority, Admiral.”
“If I take control of this ship before you’re ready, will the A.I. on board respond to me?”
“It will. Just tell it who you are, that you assume command, and give it the override code alpha-alpha-zero-zero-alpha. You do not have to be on the bridge to do this. You can be anywhere. The procedure and code are applicable to all Unity ships, including your freighter. That A.I. had to resolve the issue of command for itself.”
“Wait. This is about logic disparity errors. Right?”
“It is. But once you had the cuffs, it had a way to resolve the conflicting data. The larger ship A.I.s will not tolerate that disparity. Give it the code. It will then announce its compliance and respond only to you. However. If the current command still exists, it can use the same procedure to retrieve command.”
“Which means that the Captain must be dead for me to retain control.”
“Yes. That is what it means.”
“Does anyone else know this code?”
“It is available only to the Captain and the Captain-in-training who will take command upon succession of command under normal procedures. It will be known once you use it, but you will have to be dead for anyone else, other than current ship command, to do so.”
“Can you tell if that successor is active and able to do interfere?”
“I will need my chip placed before I can access that information.”
“Okay. Find me where to put it.”
Castor and the shuttle hadn’t set down yet. And this was the reason for that. Right now, the shuttle … meaning Ai … had full control over both craft.
The view forward came up on his screen. Different pieces of equipment were briefly outlined as Ai was quickly going through the likely spots. It took only a short while before one stayed outlined and blinked. Ai finished the current rotation, and stopped the ships in the correct orientation. 
The sling that was specially built for this was pointed ninety degrees out from Castor’s fighter. The general consensus being that where ever his fighter was pointing … as were its guns … would be far more the immediate focus of attention. 
One of the forward guns fired a barely charged energy bolt. The reverse momentum of that bolt fired the pellet with Ai’s chip straight to the side. The bolt could do some slight damage, here on the inside of the bay. Hopefully, not to anything too terribly vital. More importantly, though, it would draw attention to wherever the bolt hit, rather than to the sling. If someone noticed the pellet, they might have the urge to remove it before Ai completed its invasion.
The fighter was still well above the heads of the soldiers. So, at least, the bolt wouldn’t burn through a dozen people on its way to the bulkhead.
The unit on his screen showed green.
“I am in. I have found a pathway to the core that should not alert the A.I. until it is too late. I am starting my incursion by focusing its attention on immediate threats to the Unity. …which will be you and the Banshees.”
“Okay. Land us slowly.”
“The current personnel log says that the Captain-in-training is active. It is alongside the current Captain, in the Great Hall, at this time. The Great Hall also serves as the bridge, as many of the functions are virtually controlled there.”
“Can you guide me on an indirect path to there?”
“I can. All Unity ships of each type have the same layout, throughout, for the same amount of area.”
Castor fitted a receiver into his ear and activated it.
“Initiate communications with my receiver, please. Low volume.”
“Yes, Admiral,” Ai said. And then through the receiver, only, it added, “Test. Are you able to hear me?”
“I can. Slightly louder would be fine.”
“Test. Is this comfortable?”
“It is. Stay in this mode. Track my movements. I’ll mostly be out of phase with this reality, but I’ll remerge at times. If I’m active, you’ll be able to tell where I am. Guide me to the Captain on a lit path that looks mostly random. Try not to get too far ahead of me. I don’t exactly want the Unity to know where I’m going.”
“I will light the path just ahead of you, using any evident progress you make as a reference to where you are. Should you choose to take a different path, you only need to reemerge for a fraction of a second, and I will adjust the path from that point. I will leave the path behind you lit until the takeover of this ship is complete.”
“Thank you. I want to be in with the Captain in one hour. At the end of the path, I want to get directly into the hall from a point that isn’t necessarily close. Avoid any common recreation areas, if they exist.”
“Yes, Admiral. I am calculating the initial path, now,” it said into his ear. “I am ready. My incursion is proceeding well.”
Castor’s fighter settled lightly on the deck. 
“I have control of the bay seals.”
Castor bent as far forward as he could, and put his helmet on the floor. With his boots and gloves now traded for normal ones, Castor took up much less personal space.
I’ll be able to move among them more easily to do the things that have to get done. 

*****

The cowl opened.
A slew of bolts flashed at it. 
The cowl was burned full of holes.
Nothing happened.
“It’s a decoy! Focus on the shuttle!” someone yelled from the edge of the bay.
The shuttle opened its ramp.
Its shields were up. Bolts sprayed it, but they bounced away to end up in the bulkheads or the overhead. Some of them went back at the shooters.
“HOLD YOUR FIRE!!”
If they pierced the right conduit, they could all find themselves dead, very quickly.
No one came from the shuttle.
It just sat there. 
There was a bark from one of the people who’d been hiding, ready to fire. His weapon had been sliced in two and yanked out of his hands. The people next to him looked around. They couldn’t see a cause. 
Someone else barked from across the bay. His weapon had been destroyed, as well.
Weapons were being cut in half and sent flying, seemingly at random and at varying intervals, all throughout the bay.
A significant number of people had been disarmed before all the remaining, nearly as one, vacated the bay.
Lessa deactivated the shuttle’s shields.
The two lead Commandos hadn’t moved from the cockpit. The Banshees in the back weren’t going anywhere until they were told.
They heard footsteps in the passageway, leading to the cockpit. 
“Ladies.”
“Thank you for being all the way here and not scaring the crap out of us,” Lessa said as she turned her chair with the booster seat. “I really like you being in command, and I’d really-really hate to find out that I killed you accidentally. That would … I mean … uh …” She started stumbling over the last part. She finally just closed her mouth and leaned heavily on the yoke.
Castor looked at Garrant. She shrugged very slightly and blinked slowly, raising an eyebrow.
“Welcome.” Castor said, specifically not commenting on the rest of Lessa’s statement. “I figured that would be safest. I’ve seen some of the things you two can do. And I think I’d find it slightly more than just objectionable if you accidentally killed me, as well. There’s an awful lot of things I’d like to do before I die.”
Garrant raised an eyebrow again.
“I’ve still got a lot of work to do. …among other things. The bay should be clear. …although I can’t say there’s no one hiding in any of the fighters. They can’t go anywhere, but they’re all generally facing this direction. There’s likely going to be resistance in the hallways. I’m going to see if I can find my way to the Unity Captains. Ai gave me the override command codes. 
“If you stumble across a Unity, though, back all the way up to here, if you have to. Let Ai know. It’ll get me to you quickly. Get in here and get the shields up. Try to keep it busy, if you can … without losing anyone, or taking any unnecessary risks. Keep in mind it’ll have these.” He held loose fists up, indicating his wrists. “Past that … if at all possible, try to be wherever I am in a little less than an hour. Ai will have a path lit for you.”
“We’ll be there,” Garrant said. 

*****

Garrant had seen what Castor’s cuffs were capable of. Apparently, all of the Unity wore them. …not the normal humans who served them. But there didn’t need to be many who had them to kill a whole lot of people in a very short time. The Admiral had been using exactly those to disarm the Unity soldiers. He could easily have left a lake of blood, instead. 
Castor turned and left. They watched him disappear as he went down the passageway.
“I wish I knew how to do that ghosting thing,” Lessa said, watching down the passageway.
“Don’t we all,” Garrant agreed, nodding. …although she got the distinct impression that Lessa hadn’t necessarily had a combat situation in mind. 
…her verbal fumbling being People’s Exhibit A. That could get complicated. But they’re both unattached and available. They could be together, I suppose, without disrupting the Haunter Grey too much. …later. …when we’ve been established and have a permanent structure. Although…
She looked down the passageway where Castor had gone. The breath she took was a little slower and slightly deeper going in and out than she normally did.
…we’re all just human, aren’t we?

*****

Garrant waited about five minutes. She had to give Castor that much of a head start to create as much confusion as he could, for what they had to accomplish.
“Banshees! Two minutes! Standard Defense-Take Control protocol. Prisoners first-option. Let’s move! Team One. With me. Team Four. Dig in here. Team Three. …you’re prisoner transit and lock-down. Ai is lighting up the path for the Admiral and leaving it on for us. Know your targets. Please make sure you don’t shoot him,” Garrant said over the shuttle comm. “I would be very not happy about that.”
I could have left that part out. I can’t afford to be distracted. …any more than Lessa can.
She didn’t look at the Terminian to see if she’d noticed.
“We’ll do our best. He’s going to be ghosting? You’ve explained it, but we haven’t exactly seen it.” That was Hellor, the Team Three lead.
“Affirmative. His destination is the Captain in the Great Hall, if it remains there. But he’s going to take the scenic route. We get to clean up after him. Anyone he leaves alive you bring back and prep for their trip. We’ll cover you at that end. Four will have you at this one.”
“Aye.”
“Team Two. You get the fun stuff.”
“Fragment and havoc. Aye.”
“Break as little as possible. We want to keep this ship.”
“You just took half the fun away, Major.”
“Adjust, Jackyl,” she said flatly. “Play nice, and I’ll throw you a raw leg of something, later.”
“WOOT!! WOOT!!”
Garrant and Lessa heard the mass cheering all the way down the passageway.
“I’m not exactly sure of exactly what, just yet. But they have to feed their people something. Hopefully they’ll have…”
“Excuse me, Major. The Unity do have freezers, in which they keep meats and other perishables for their employees. I am finding beef, pork, and gimcha, among about a dozen other types in their inventories. Finding something to satisfy Jackyl should not be difficult.”
“Excellent! That should make him happy.” She hadn’t really been serious when she’d said that. But there just might be some bonding value for the entire bunch of yahoos, if I really give him something. “Let’s go,” she said to Lessa.
Garrant and Lessa got up and headed for the ramp.
“What’s gimcha?”
“I have no idea,” Garrant answered. “Might be interesting to find out.”
There were a number of people already on the bay deck, ready to go.
As the Banshees cleared the ramp, they began neutralizing all those who were surrendering. Just a trank-dart and shackles were sufficient. …for now.
All functional weapons were collected and stored on the shuttle.
“This is going to be a long day,” Hellor, the Team Two lead, said as he looked out over the Unity humans already kneeling with their hands on the back of their head.
“Sleep when you’re dead,” Garrant said flatly.

***** 

Garrant headed up the main passageway with her group. 
They had no knowledge of the layout of the carrier, so they really didn’t know where they were going. It didn’t really matter, though. Even if the A.I. wasn’t lighting up the path for them, Lessa had no doubt that the enemy would make their way to them. There was no doubt, either, that trouble would, eventually, come from behind. 
A shot hit the wall, only inches from Garrant’s face. 
Lessa went forward, cartwheeling into the passage way. She bounced off the far wall, then switched to forward handsprings. 
The shots were flying all around her.
Nothing had hit her. …yet.
It’s very hard to hit a target that isn’t always quite in the place you shot at. Not quite as effective as Castor’s ghosting … but, hey … it works for me.
She bounced up into a double summersault. 
She spread her arms and legs while she was in the air, using them all to help put more force behind what she was doing. The needle-rod she threw flashed through the air with what seemed nearly the same speed as the energy bolts coming at her.
She happened to be looking at the one gun that was pointed directly at her face. She turned her head just in time to smell burned hair.
The Banshees behind her took advantage of the distraction she caused.
When she landed, she went down into a forward roll, ending flat on her back on the deck. It wasn’t what she’d planned on doing. But that one bolt was far too close. And avoiding it had thrown her off balance.
It’s one thing to practice and be able to do all the gymnastics. …it was entirely another to do it while someone’s actively trying to kill you.
Bolts came flying above her from behind, this time.
Apparently…
…thank God…
…she’d been reduced as a priority in favor of the Banshees on her heels.
…which is fine, because I’m completely open where I am. One shot in the easiest place to hit, and I wouldn’t live to worry about not having kids from the initial damage the bolt would cause.
She could hear running from both forward and behind.
Lessa grabbed a trailing hand as it went by. 
It was Hellor.
Hellor threw Lessa forward.
The Terminian did somersaults in the air.
“INCOMING!” Hellor yelled.
The Banshees went to either side to keep from interfering with her flight path. 
Lessa landed on her feet, at a run.
She retrieved her needle-rod from the dead man as she went by, wiping the blood on his jacket, and then jamming it back into its sheath on her forearm.
One of the Banshees grabbed her head and patted her hair.
Hellor, again.
“Sorry,” he said as he let her go. “You were smoldering.”
“Thanks! I owe you!” She called after him.
“Drinks!” …was what she thought he said. He was facing away from her and running, still.
Lessa grabbed a helmet on the way by.
Garrant was stopped at another corner. She held her hand up and spread her fingers twice, quickly, and then held her hand flat, with her thumb up. Two of her team repositioned themselves. One low. One had another helmet, like the one Lessa carried.
As the helmet was tossed hard into the passageway ahead, a third Banshee dove and slid along the deck, firing his weapon. Incoming bolts splattered on the helmet. The thrower went around the corner, firing. The incoming bolts were quickly silenced.
“Two up,” the man on the floor said. Two of the ones carrying the mini-cyclers handed off sets of cuffs. They all went around the corner. 
Two of the enemy combatants were on their knees, holding their weapons up by the stock and barrel. The guns’ handles and triggers were up. They were relieved of their weapons, cuffed and lead back toward the hangar. The rest of the tranked soldiers were stacked and carted on a gravsled. In a few minutes the few who took the prisoners back were replaced by the same number who’d gone back and stayed at the shuttle.

***** 

Chapter 36

After all the twists and turns Castor had made, clearing out opposition, there was a long trail of destroyed weapons behind him. And that was perfectly acceptable. 
Castor was all the way there.
“The door in front of you is the last before the Great Hall. It has taken you the hour you wanted to get here. There are three Unity and significant normal firepower on the other side,” Ai said into his earpiece. “One Unity is just on the other side of the hatch, prepared to strike. The Captain is on his throne. The Captain in Training is at the base of the steps leading to the throne. I almost have this ship’s A.I. completely locked down. It … lacks adequate foresight. I will only need a few minutes afterward to check all the memory for hidden but active programming.”
“Kinda like playing chess, only different stakes?”
“Much like that. Yes.”
If they were monitoring this side of the door, they’d see him. 
“They can’t kill what isn’t there,” he told Ai softly, continuing to stand there. “Tell Garrant I’m at the Hall.”
“Major Garrant acknowledges. I have informed her that she is less than five minutes from your location, continuing at her average rate of progress. I have control of almost all the Unity systems on this ship. You will still need to use the command override codes, and tell it to give me complete control, so I can be completely certain. I am now beginning my infiltration the Wellship.”
“Good. Tell Garrant the ship will be ours before she gets here.”
“Yes, Admiral. She asks if you would like her to hurry.”
“If they can get here in three minutes that would be a good thing. Open this door in three minutes. Keep it closed until then.”
“I will make sure they are here by then.”
“I’m going offline for a little bit.”
“Be careful, please, Admiral.”
Castor ghosted. He pushed his ghost number farther and walked right up to the door.
He couldn’t see his hand, but he knew where it was in relation to the rest of him.
You’d think that the universe would appear strange from this place. …wherever this place is. As opposed to being mostly able to see in the dark, it looks mostly the same as if I were standing all the way there because of all the light there. Wish I knew how it all worked.
He pressed against the door … and met no resistance from it.
He stepped forward.
One more step and he was on the other side of the heavy door without it having opened.
The number of guns pointed at the door was more than he’d expected. …a lot more. Ai had warned him there was significant fire power here. There were the three Unity. One stood just on this side of the door, as Ai had warned him, as well. Its hands were in the position to create two overlapping shields, right at the door. 
I’ve even gone through its shield weapons.
Castor had learned the original hand configurations to control the cuffs, but then he had them reprogrammed to a set of motions that liked better, and thought them easier to accomplish what he wanted to.
The Unity had his modulated gravity fields drawn into thin lines, crossing almost the entire hatchway. Had Castor opened the hatch and come running through, he’d have been sliced into at least four pieces.
He changed his numbers to be almost all the way there. 
They still couldn’t see him. 
He activated his cuffs. 
He went all the way there, very briefly, just so they could know that he was here, now. 
With one extremely brief scissor motion, he relieved the Unity at the hatch of its head. …and immediately ghosted as far as he had when he went through the solid doors, as the bolts filled the air where he’d been. They splashed against the door and bulkhead, riddling the Unity before it fell. 
“A.I. Locate the intruder in this room.”
“Complying.” After a short pause, the A.I. added. “My scans are not finding anyone who I cannot visually verify. All beings present are accounted for and identified. I find no intruder.”
“Explain the murder that just happened.”
“An intruder appeared. 72a6.7.M186 was decapitated, using weapons that appear to be similar to the Unitys’ personal ones.”
“Where did the intrude go?”
“I have no data that applies. The intruder is no longer visually evident on any of my scanners, including both infrared and audio.”
“Find it! Eliminate it.”
“Yes, Lord.”
“Have you found it yet?”
“No, Lord.”
“Then you are useless!”
“Yes, Lord.”
Castor listened to the exchange. He shook his head. …wherever his head was in relation to the known universe. The Unity captain was abusing the A.I. …the same A.I. that Castor and Rabid had originally found on the freighter, which had been so helpful, and seemed eager to provide answers for them. 
At least Ai will absorb it, and not just erase it. If they experience any kind of happiness … I hope it finds it in Ai.
Castor looked around him.
He’d been all the way there, for all of maybe a half-second. This would rattle the soldiers. Badly. As he’d told Ai, they can’t kill what isn’t there. 
What was there, as far as the soldiers were concerned, was exactly what they had. …a being who could kill them, and which they had no defense against. When faced with such odds, those who wished to live, would most likely surrender. …or at least seem to surrender until given the opportunity to make some significant gesture of resistance.
…which was already expected and planned for. That was why they were being tranked. …so their freedom to be uncooperative could be temporarily curtailed, and they could be processed for shipment to wherever they might want to go.
A number of the soldiers moved to surround the one in the captain’s chair. They were facing out from the center of the circle. The one he had to walk through stopped and scratched his neck, briefly.
It made Castor itch, too.
The Unity Captain’s hands were loosely up, as if it were merely waiting.
Castor went up and studied the scene.
The Captain’s hands looked like he might be holding the shield fairly tightly around himself.
But the shield could only be tight to a certain degree. You could change the shape of a protection shield, but it had to be a regular shape. …a flat surface … a sphere … a cylinder. To cover someone sitting, it wasn’t exactly possible to make it an irregular shape. …like a kidney. …close at the top, and then opening up at the midsection to accommodate the legs. At best, it could only make a pyramid. …maybe a cone. …which … was the exact configuration of its hands.
The soldiers continued to search for where he might show up next.
It’s almost a wonder they’re not shooting each other.
Castor went back down, relieved a soldier of a single button, and then went back to the Unity Captain.
He reached in toward the Captain to a point where the shielding layer didn’t appear it could be.
He flicked the button towards the Unity’s face.
When the button left his hand, it went fully back there, because it had left his personal equation area. It hit the Unity just below its visor.
The Unity startled and stood quickly.
Part of the throne base exploded from the contact with the shields.
Its shields were apart.
As it brought its hands back around to cover itself completely again, Castor immediately brought his here number to point-nine-seven-five. He activated his cuff, and speared the Unity through its chest, very quickly bringing his here number to point-nine.
The Unity jerked and flung its hands, maxing the thickness and power of its shields. 
The hole that had appeared in its chest exploded outwards, making a far larger wound than Castor had originally caused.
…but that was exactly the nature of the cuff weapons he was using. He’d had it a pinpoint, a reversed gravity line that pushed everything outward from that line.
As the Unity’s pieces went outward, they contacted the inner surface of its shields. …which magnified the destruction of the Unity, throwing small pieces all over the entire hall.
There was no automatic deactivation until there were no nerve signals.
Having removed the sleeves from the Unity on the shuttle to get at the cuffs, Castor had no doubt what the rooms was about to smell like. …and even worse for having been torn so completely, as this one had. …and scattered across a good area.
…not to mention the one that was turned into swiss cheese, below.
As he looked around, soldiers were gagging. Some were doubled over, evacuating their stomachs.
The third unity started to run.
It ran straight to the hatch Castor had ghosted through.
It pushed buttons on the pad furiously. 
The door didn’t open.
It would, soon, though.
He moved to the Unity.
Castor went all the way there. …for almost a second.
The bolts flew as Castor ghosted again.
The Unity was hit with a large number of the bolts before it managed to get its shields up.
…which was far too little. …and far too late.
Castor hadn’t even bothered to activate his cuffs. The soldiers did that part of his job for him.
Castor moved to the center of the area, just in front of the entry doors.
He went all the way there and created a wide curve with his shields, with him on the inside of that curve, so that many of the bolts would, more or less, fly back at the shooters.
The bolts flew once again. 
“HOLD YOUR FIRE!” The order was given by the soldier in charge, as soon as he saw his own people dropping from their own shots.
The bolts stopped.
Castor stood there.
A soldier stood and climbed around everyone.
“Where’s Garrant?” Castor asked softy.
“She and her team are just outside the door.”
“How much time left?”
“Thirty-seven seconds.”
“I’m Major Tackhorn. What do you want?” the soldier asked as he approached.
Castor waited a moment before he answered. …as if he were considering what he would say.
“This ship … and its contents. …along with the rest of the fleet. I thought that was clear,” Castor answered him slowly.
“And how do you plan to take it? Sooner or later my people are going to overload your shields,” the soldier asked.
Castor waited a moment more before answering.
“I’m not Unity. I’ve proven that already. You can’t stop me.”
“If we fire at everything, we’ll destroy it all, and you’ve got nothing. You can’t take us all, before it’s useless.”
The door slid open.
The soldier looked.
With one quick motion, Castor brought his shields around. He modulated them down to almost nothing, and slapped them together on either side of the soldier. 
He hadn’t been trying to kill him.
“HOLD YOUR FIRE!” Castor shouted as he put his shields back in place, setting them wide to shield himself and the Banshees behind him. He watched the soldier crumple to the floor.
That’s an awful lot of blood. Doesn’t look like it did quite what I was trying to accomplish. He looks pretty crushed. …which means I have to figure out something else to contain Grimmer without killing her. …which also means I probably won’t be able to get her off the ship in time. Okay. So. I either have to learn how to modulate it so I can move objects … gently … or I have to figure out how to lock a large explosion down without getting my arms ripped off in the process.
Garrant and her team filed through the door. 
One shot was fired.
It bounced off Castor’s shields.
No more followed.
“I suggest you all surrender. I couldn’t get all of you before you destroyed the A.I.’s virtual control projectors and receivers. …as this man suggested. But I’m no longer. And it would appear that the damage you might cause, now, would only be minimal. 
“So. All firearms on the floor. Slide them forward. And then hold your hands up where we can see them. We will relocate everyone who surrenders and comes peacefully. And by relocate, I mean, specifically, take you back to your home planets, if you wish to go there, or any other planet you may prefer. You weren’t brought here by your own choice. I’m taking that fact very much into consideration. You’ll be tranked only so that it makes our job easier. We prefer not to have any surprises that we can reasonably avoid. That being said, we won’t hesitate to kill you if you do happen to be uncooperative. I really can’t be any clearer than that. It’s your choice.”
Guns started clattering to the floor. They were kicked to the center of the room.
Castor and the Banshees all went forward. 
Castor kept his shields up, widening the wide arc.
Garrant, Lessa, and their people went around him, under cover of the shields, removing all the battery packs from the guns, throwing the packs back toward the bulkhead behind them.
“Unity A.I. I am Rear Admiral Castor Efrata-Landeez. The Unity Captain and Captain Trainee are dead. I am assuming command of this ship. Authorization code alpha alpha zero zero alpha.”
“Unity Command death verified. Ship command is transferred to you.”
“Lower all A.I. self-defense coding. Display on the walls where all those pieces of coding are.”
“Complying.”
All the bare metal walls were filled with lit characters. …which were slowly being removed.
“Thank you, Admiral. That makes them much easier to find. I have infiltrated this A.I.’s core completely. I have full access to all functions and data. I am currently seeking and neutralizing all background and secondary defense coding. Please do not move this ship until I am confident that I have found all the redundancies and safeguards. Within that limitation, what can I do for you now, Admiral?”
“Transmit throughout the ship. Surrender, and you will be relocated to the planet of your choice. The gas is not lethal. We don’t want to kill you, but we will if that’s the only choice you leave us.”
Castor heard his own voice echoing through the hall and beyond. 
“Ai. How many Unity are on this ship?”
“According to the ship’s records, there were twenty-eight Unity in all.”
“Three are dead. Find the rest of them. Shut down their functionality and all their communications. Begin neutralizing the ship’s human personnel.”
“Yes, Admiral.”
“Ai. Once you’ve found the Unity,” Castor continued giving it orders. “Lock them down. Let us know if any of the Unity are active.”
“Yes, Admiral.”
Castor’s Banshees were watching everyone as they started to fall. 
His shields were still active.
“I have located all Unity.”
“Redirect their mockgrav. Prevent the Unity from destroying anything.
Garrant made a motion with her hand. Her team quickly started cuffing all the unconscious people. More weapons were tossed to the center of the room. …a lot more.
“Yes, Admiral. There are a few of the Unity in places they may cause destruction to vital equipment, which I will not be able to prevent. To ensure their cooperation, I have increased their centering mockgrav to thirty-G, for ten seconds. This has forced them into a g-loc state. Although a few things have been destroyed, they are not disastrously vital to the operation of this ship, and they can be readily repaired. Much of it was only record keeping devices. The gravity induced loss of consciousness, however, along with relocating them to the centers of larger spaces, will prevent them from destroying anything else.”
“Thirty-G! That’s not enough to kill them outright?”
“The servomotors in their biosuits will comfortably compensate for a heavier than normal gravity up to five-G. It would only require twenty-five-G to ensure g-loc without the suits. I exceeded that limit by the exact amount of their biosuit tolerance. All Unity are unconscious at this time. I am keeping track of their vital signs and relocating them, using the mockgrav, to more convenient places for easier access. I suggest that the binders you use on the Unity include neural inhibitors set to maximum, since they cannot be placed directly against their arms, and placed above their elbows, so their cuffs cannot be activated. I cannot override the cuffs’ programming to shut them down permanently.”
“Excellent suggestion! The Banshees need to know about that. Ai. How many shuttles do we have access to now?”
“We have four on this ship, not including our original one.”
“Great. Get the Unity loaded onto one of theirs, and let Lessa know when they’re all on board.” 
“Will Lieutenant Kylara be flying that shuttle?”
“She will. She’s the only one I’m sure will get them to ground alive. Why?”
“You may want to load them onto ours, Admiral,” Garrant suggested. “It’s already modified so she can pilot it. Use all the rest to bring everyone in from the Haunter Grey. Lessa can collect the rest of her load as it becomes available, and she can deposit them when she’s got them all.”
“Yep. You’re right. As a matter of fact. Get everyone up from down there first, Ai. The Unity can sit and wait.” 
“Yes, Admiral.”
“Send to Grimmer. Lessa’s coming back with the shuttle. We have four more available, right now, and probably more on the other ships. I’m going to bring all the grounders up first. Send Rabid and four pairs of the Greys to pilot the shuttles I have here. Pack as many of the command team for this ship as you can on that shuttle. We’ll be holding all conscripts until we can start processing them and sending them home. We will isolate all Unity and send them down as soon as everyone is up. The more shuttles we can have going at the same time, the faster we can get done with this. We’ll take care of processing the conscripts when we get back to the Resistance. Send.”
“Your message is sent. Grimmer’s response is incoming.”
Grimmer’s voice came over the comm.
“Negative. Space them all. Now. Especially the Unity.”
“Ai, respond. Your disagreement is with the Unity, as is mine. …not their conscripts, who might, if given the chance, join the resistance and fight the Unity with us. They have specific knowledge of Unity equipment, methods, and procedures that could be put to good use. Send.”
“Your message is sent. Grimmer’s response is incoming.”
“They have no useful knowledge that we can’t get from the data files of those ships. Space them all.”
“Ai, respond. I’ll take command of the Escort when it becomes available. The Unity will be on Regia before we leave. You can have a shuttle drop you there, and we can wait for your call to come get you, if that’s something you want to consider. The sooner we can get personnel shifted, the shorter amount of time we will have to stay here, and the smaller chance we’ll be discovered before we can do anything about it. Lessa will be there in a few minutes. Send.”
“Message sent, Admiral. There is no response, yet. But … as for my own observations, I will say that General Grimmer does not appear to be happy.”
“No doubt. Thank you.”
He looked at Lessa.
“Get the Greys and the Command crew over here first. You’re in charge of bringing everyone up. Take as long as you need. Read that as don’t rush. If Grimmer doesn’t allow the Regians on the Haunter Grey, then bring them here, and we’ll transfer everyone from here to the Well. I don’t want the two groups in the same place, and both conscious at the same time.”
“Understood, Admiral. I’m taking my shuttle, I presume?”
Castor raised an eyebrow. “The one already set up for you. Yes. You know… You’re so all over the place all the time, and you can do so impressively much … sometimes, I completely forget that you’re a Terminian. Those blades you’ve got don’t exactly help me remember that, either. I’ve seen you use … what … at least three different types? In at least a half-dozen different ways. What else are you hiding inside that suit?” Castor closed his eyes with a pained expression, nodding once. “That … did not … even … come close to coming out right. My apologies.” He opened his eyes. 
Lessa looked at him with a raised eyebrow and without so much as a change in expression. She swiveled her shoulders back and forth once. A few of her blades slipped back, fully settling into their sheathes. 
All the pockets had magnets, holding the blades in. The entire magnetic system would activate or deactivate, depending on her movements. She could take any out that she wanted, but they wouldn’t fall out on their own, due to whatever acrobatic maneuvers she happened to be in the middle of. Occasionally, she might drop one or two, if what she was doing was that extremely active. Castor hadn’t ever seen her not know about it, though, and immediately snatch it back out of the air, or pick it back up off the floor. …usually in the process of using some very impressive acrobatics.
The fact that she never wore gloves while handling those blades … and never came up with as much as a scratch … only impressed him even more with all her skills.
Castor had noticed her few verbal fumbles. That he could see her reaction when she caught them, made it clear that she considered them slips, as well. His own slip had been because he was preoccupied with his mistake about the shuttles. 
Mostly… 
Okay. So. Partially.
He really did have a hard time, though, remembering she was that small, sometimes. 
Not that that actually matters for anything. She’s … incredible.
But what his mind really wanted to spend time on was the question of whether her shoulder shake had been to resettle her blades … or make the suggestion of just exactly what she might be hiding inside her suit. …and that little shift had, in fact, suggested quite clearly what she had.
Good, God. No. I don’t need a distraction like that. Not now. Besides which, I’m supposed to be a military commander. Garrant made that excruciatingly clear. 
Garrant. 
…and she could very easily become another distraction. There’s a softness there, under that Valhallan exterior. It comes out every now and then. She’ll show it, but only when it works for what she’s trying to accomplish.
Lessa looked at Garrant. Whatever either one of them were thinking didn’t show on their faces. 
Garrant nodded.
Lessa ran toward the main hatch, doing a series of forward handsprings, which turned into back handsprings, and ending with a high back-layout somersault. She landed, twisted as she rolled, and ended up and running, all without hardly breaking stride.
Castor and Garrant watched her until she was gone.
“She does appear very much larger than life. I agree, Admiral.” Garrant nodded slowly.
“But … you’ve impressed upon me, quite keenly I might add, that we’re a military, and that I’m the commander of this particular unit. So, I guess being a formal military unit means that just about everyone is pretty much off-limits to just about everyone else,” he said matter-of-factly, understating what he intended to say by overstating the scope. …if he actually managed to get the vaguely stated thought out in a manner that Garrant might give him some idea about things that might be allowed and others that might not. …and with whom. “…especially at this level.”
“For now. Yes.” She agreed cryptically, without giving away any hint of what she thought.
For now. Great. …and exactly who might be affected by that then?

***** 



Part 6

The Future Unbound 

Chapter 37
Establishing protocol – Regia

“Admiral. I have all active Unitys contained. I am watching humans in other areas and will keep them inactive until the Banshees can deal with them. I understand the nose filters you are wearing are uncomfortable. The gas that I used on the humans, to incapacitate them, has dissipated well beyond effectiveness in the Great Hall. You can remove those filters, if you wish.”
“Thanks, Ai! But I think I’ll keep mine in for a while.” He looked at Garrant and inhaled through his nose to continue. …as he’d been doing the entire time. “You can see what the stench from the open biosuits did to them. I’m … not willing to have to smell that, even marginally, again. …especially with three of them, and all the rest of the mess on top of it.”
Garrant stood easier, since all the Unity, their soldiers, and the ship were a nonissue at that moment. She removed the filters from her own nose.
He’s never smelled the coastline at the spaceport after the thaw. The saltwater freezes for two hundred feet. The fish grow casings during the year that they slowly digest through their skins while frozen throughout the winter. When the water thaws, they shed what’s left of those casings. The tide leaves all the pieces on the shore. There are a lot of fish in the Valhallan coastlines. 
The bulk of Valhallans live close to the spaceport. Even after all this time, we haven’t grown the population anywhere near what we might have. We have to spend weeks cleaning up all those fish carapaces. It’s a mass public effort, and we work around the clock, up and down the coast. …even all the kids. All the machinery and power generators are there, under the hills. Since all of it was only being used for a very short time to clear the shore, they decided that the best use for the area throughout the rest of the year was to put the port there. 
We don’t wear breather filters during the time after the thaw. 
…and the gas is gone.
“I was wondering,” Garrant said flatly when Castor looked at her as if he’d just found another reason to think Valhallans were insane. “It’s still not what I’d call pleasant. I’ll have my people clean everything up.” She raised her voice. “Banshees. Leave your nose filters in. You probably don’t want to smell what caused the secondary mess.” She put hers in a small shoulder pocket. “It’s not poisonous, but you won’t like it much.”
“Can we get full-face breathers, Major?”
Some of them had pulled up their shirts to cover their mouths.
“Ai.”
“Yes, Major.”
“Can you, please, fashion full facemask ‘cycler-breathers with built in comm units for everyone who’s going to be working in this room?”
“The nearest ‘cycler is in the passageway just outside the main entry. I will increase the air circulation in this room to clear as much of the smell as I am able.”
“Thank you. Banshees!”
They stopped and looked.
“Full-face breathers, just outside the main entry to this room!”
There was nearly a mass exodus to the door.
“Thanks, Major,” Hellor said as he went back by, tightening the straps.
Castor’s expression hadn’t changed throughout this entire process. “You’re leaving them out…” 
“Admiral…” Garrant looked at the floor for a second, but then looked back at Castor. “The only difference between a Valhallan and just about everyone else, is that our world taught us a very important lesson. We have a very high tolerance threshold to almost everything physical. If we hadn’t developed that … we’d likely have died out a long time ago. Valhalla, itself, is the reason there are so relatively few of us. Four out of every eight pregnancies fail midterm. Most couples don’t have one child, let alone two. Those of us who live to be born … three out of every five don’t make it to four years old. Life is … even more harsh than you know on my world. We grow strong because the only other choice we have is to die. And that … is exactly the reason my people drink brainfry. It’s the only escape some of us have.” 
Castor watched her through that admission. While she hadn’t shown much of anything while she talked … the way she moved made it seem like something else … something very close to what she’d said … caused her a discomfort … something … that might not have anything to do with the brainfry and why she left the family business. 
But he couldn’t ask. He wouldn’t. So he bypassed it. …for now.
She took a breath. She looked like she wanted to add something. The set to her eyes changed, though, and she was The Major, again.
 Castor decided to go a different route. “Okay. …but with all the stuff you know … the sense of smell is based on taste. Whatever it is you smell goes through a process on the back of the tongue that ends up with ingesting it.” His expression still hadn’t changed.
“You ingest many things through your skin, as well. And you might have nose filters, creating breathable air … but every time you open your mouth to speak … it’s not simply a one-directional flow of air,” she told him. “Just being in the ‘fresher…”
“Yah,” he interrupted. “Okay. Whatever. You know…” Castor started, changing the subject. “You really have no idea how glad I am that you and I are on the same side. I never would have thought about having Ai gas the entire ship.”
“It’s really too bad we couldn’t just sit and wait the whole thing out. But the Unity wouldn’t have been affected, and they could have caused a lot of damage and severe problems. Ai needed us, and particularly you, I might add,” Garrant made it appoint to mention that specifically, “for the diversion, so they’d be paying more attention to you and wouldn’t figure out what systems Ai was taking over, and in what order. Getting into the main system by way of the ‘cyclers was the only way in, without taking far too long about it.”
“I only needed my bug attached to a unit connected to the core. Your prior A.I. had much information on that. Your plan, Major Garrant, was quite sound and quite effective. 
“I have control of the Wellship at this time. It was far easier to invade than this one was, for being here already. To prevent complications, I neutralized the Unity first, and then the humans. I will keep all personnel there under control, much as I have here, until they have been dealt with. I am now infiltrating the Escort. 
“The Haunter Grey has moved into close proximity with this fleet. General Grimmer has recalled all the Greys, other than Group Five, who will rotate, keeping the Escort from lowering its shields. Shuttle Two with a command crew and capture detail has been sent to the Wellship. Lieutenant Kylara is entering the bay, here, now.”
“Who did Grimmer put in charge of the Well?”
“Jack Stewert.”
“Does he need the command codes?”
“No. Using this ship’s core structure and programming as the model, I was better able to refine my infiltration path and shut the A.I. down more quickly. I was also able to find all the possibly protective and hostile coding and remove it all without the notice of their A.I. According to Unity’s strict parameters, once a pattern is established, no deviation from that pattern is tolerated. I expect this will hold true with the Escort, as well. I am giving Commander Stewert all the information he needs at this time.”
“Fantastic! Let me know how many Unity and conscripted personnel we have to deal with when you have the numbers.”
“Yes, Admiral. Without having the Escort yet, my initial estimates are eighty Unity and approximately fifteen hundred conscripted.”
“That’s a lot of people to keep track of. …plus whoever’s on Regia.”
“It is,” Garrant agreed. “But we may pick up more crew for our ship and the Resistance. The Regians likely have no love lost on the Unity. We may acquire some of them, too. Once you fill out watch schedules, appropriate to keeping everyone alert and ready for emergencies, then you need the people to support both those divisions and those people. The numbers finalize at a balance. Where that balance is depends on what luxuries you intend to supply the crew. 
“In any event,” she continued. “One of the top jobs that need to get filled right away is the people who keep track of all the people. While there are things you, as the Commander of the Haunter Greys need to worry about, there are a host of others that you shouldn’t have to.”
“Care to trade places with me, so I can fly?”
“Not particularly,” she said flatly. “No. I’m too busy doing my thing to take up yours, too.”
“Great. So… What do I need to worry about first? Leaving the Unity alive on Regia? What happens if they leave it?”
“They’ll need to restart their bulboar mining. It’s not likely the Unity will voluntarily do that work. Which means they’ll have to restaff the facility. That means leaving it a prison. And that’ll necessitate having a fleet here. The fleet that comes in will find the Unity down there and might bring them back up.” Garrant thought about it for a moment. “It’s also possible that a new Unity fleet, here, could just leave them on the surface. They have limited resources among themselves, and they don’t trust each other. They might just take the point of view that the ones on Regia were failures … possibly flawed in some way …so why would they want to rescue them? Or they might take them to use as source material for more Unity, since they won’t have more of their extract until the operation is up and running, again.
“It’s most likely, though, that the Unity will just die quickly there. The party that spawned the Unity had an exceedingly low tolerance threshold. By controlling their environment, both inside their suits and out, and controlling their people to the extent that they did, they fed their intolerance while starving just about everything else.”
“I would have to agree, Major. On the surface, they will lack enhanced reality, direct communication, and the immediate access to everything else their A.I. provided for them. While they will probably not live long enough to effectively replace the first and the last, the second will force them to, at least partially, remove their head-coverings. And that will cascade to other changes, as well. They will have no access to regrowth technology, so their time remaining does appear to have a very finite endpoint.”
“What if they find your teacher?” Garrant asked Castor. “Is it possible he’s still there? That’s my only real concern regarding Regia.” 
Garrant had listened to Castor talk about as much of his history as he could remember. He’d said his teacher had claimed to be no more than human. …but a number of Grigori had been seen many times, and in many places. …far too many of both to discount the legends. …and far too strange circumstances to think they might be merely human. That he could do even a small part of what they could, by ghosting the way he did, made him push the edge of that legend for her, as well.
The lead Ghost of the Haunter Greys. …and he has no idea how glad I am that we’re on the same side. If the Grigori would get involved with this war, it could be ended far sooner than later. That the Admiral has access to some of the numbers, however … and considering his teacher … the Grigori may have gotten involved more than any of us might suspect. 
With the protocols he’s putting in place to deal with Unity, their ships and their human crews… I know exactly what it was that made Lessa resign her post at Termina. It’s not hard to see. I saw it then, even though I didn’t know what it was I was looking at. But now I do. If only… 
No. 
I have a job to do. That job is the one I chose to take. I can’t do it effectively if my feelings are scrambled. And, besides…
No.
Focus. We’re military. Personal feelings can only, eventually, get in the way of our jobs. If we survive long enough to retire … maybe that will allow us all more freedom. Maybe it will allow some of us … duty and honor. …both of which don’t necessarily apply to only what’s here.
“The only way the Unity would find him is if he lets them. He’ll be in no danger, in any event. He would go to the surface and catch calibar for us to eat.”
“You’d mentioned that. Interesting world, Regia. I’d like to go down there and see what it’s like.”
Castor looked at her. “You are…” he started slowly, “phenomenal … at everything you do. I couldn’t have gotten one foot onto this path without you, much less get as far as we’ve gotten. That makes you … someone I don’t ever want to be without for as long as I’m on this path. From my point of view … as it stands … it looks like I’m going to be on it until I’m dead. You’ve made it more than clear that it’s your personal responsibility to ensure that doesn’t happen as long as you’re alive. But whether you choose to continue with that responsibility or not … I’m going to say this only one time. You’re not going down there. …not on my watch. …not unless it’s specifically for the purpose of going to retrieve me or someone from our team. And that being said … the safe extraction of those individuals will be your only …and I repeat only … concern. This topic isn’t up for discussion. And that’s a standing order, Major.” 
He turned his attention to what was happening in the room.
Garrant looked at him for a moment. 
She was conflicted.
He’s been there. He’s seen it. I haven’t seen Rabid go full-ballistic, yet, but he’s a product of Regia. Rabid is not entirely sane. And Regia made him that way. But Castor wasn’t being the Admiral, just then, no matter what I’ve told him how he must think and do. That was only his protection instinct in full bore. Pure and simple. Protection. That was the only way he thinks he can protect me from the dangers of that planet. …by preemptively ordering me to stay off Regia.
Garrant took a deep breath and let it out slowly. It wouldn’t be recognized as a sigh by anyone close enough to see. She was careful to keep her normal commando face in place. 
And that is something completely outside of everything I have ever known. No one … has ever … wanted to … or even thought about … protecting me. …from anything. …ever.
If only… 
No. 
It is what it is. 
And it doesn’t change just for a whim.

***** 

Chapter 38

“ALL PERSONNEL … PREPARE TO BE EVACUATED FROM REGIA,” the shuttle announced as it circled the area slowly. “THIS IS RESISTANCE SHUTTLE HAUNTER GREY ZERO-ZERO-ONE. WE WILL BE LANDING INSIDE THE COMPOUND. WE HAVE ACCESS TO AS MANY SHUTTLES AS WE NEED TO EVAC EVERYONE FROM THIS PLANET. WE’LL CLEAR EVERYTHING WITH YOUR ADMIN. PLEASE START TO GET YOURSELVES AND YOUR POSSESSIONS ORGANIZED. WE WILL BE ON THE GROUND SHORTLY.”
Lessa turned to Rabid. “How ya doin’, Raboo?”
“Um… About the Raboo thing…” Rabid was still concentrating on his scope and panel. 
Lessa didn’t say anything. She didn’t even look at him. She just let him collect what he really wanted to say without any pressure. He’d give his opinion or make his request … or not … as he might. And he had plenty of time.
She flew to the other end of the compound, the end that Rabid said was the main section, and set his message to repeat.
It took him a while. Lessa had started to wonder if he was going to say anything further on the matter at all. His personal circumstances didn’t appear to affect his ability to verbalize his thoughts, though. Just the opposite would seem to be the case. His thoughts came out his mouth without much of a rein.
“I … don’t know that you should do that,” he finally said.
That could lead to a number of places. But that was all he said. After a short while, she prompted him.
“Okay. You don’t. But, why? What is it, exactly, that you think you’re trying to avoid?”
That took Rabid by surprise. …although, after he thought about it a little, as quick as Lessa was with her blades … he’d seen her juggle five of them … all at the same time … using only the tips of two more that she held … her mind had to be flying all the time. Of course, she could cut straight through to the heart of a matter in no-time flat. …in more ways than one.
“It makes … people think we’re … too…” He stopped.
But that wasn’t it. She’d heard the conversations Rabid and Castor had when they’d taken the freighter, and before they’d gotten to Termina. He’d hinted that there was someone … someone important … important to him … that something had happened to … no … that he must have killed.
But that’s not what he’d said. So … she’d address that and see if she could nudge his real reason out.
“First off…” she started after the pause drew on again. “Who cares what people think? …about me. About you. About if we were too … whatever it was that you didn’t say. People are busy-bodies. And they’ll think and gossip about whatever they want to think and gossip about, regardless of whether whatever it is they’re gossiping about exists, or not. And even more so, if it doesn’t.” 
She’d heard some of those rumors, herself, when gossipers thought she couldn’t. 
“Secondly… You and I pretty much know where we both stand regarding each other at this particular moment. While I’ll neither confirm nor deny any intentions or disinclinations to do so … if the truth really was that we were getting close … if that was what we both wanted to happen … would that be such an awful thing?”
“Well… Yah.” He wrinkled he forehead, but he said nothing further.
Lessa looked at him, finally. 
Rabid was frowning at his control board. He didn’t look at her.
She turned back to her piloting and said nothing. 
Rabid didn’t say anything else on the matter.
Lessa left it that way. But she suspected that she was right. The thing inside him had killed someone very important to him. 
He’d either talk about it, or not. Sooner or later. She’d continue to call him Raboo, as she normally did. Maybe he’d open up a little. Maybe not. The bald truth was that while she wasn’t interested in him as a lover … he was still far too much of an unknown for her to think about any kind of marriage with him … she was, however, interested in him as a friend. …which was still a lot more than she was interested in almost everyone else. 
“But you never answered my question. Do so, please. Or I’ll ask it again, exactly as I did.”
“I know what you’re doing,” he said cautiously.
“So, do I,” she told him with a raised eyebrow. “…as a matter of fact. …despite any uninformed opinions to the contrary. Now. How ya doin’, Raboo?”
“You’re not going to give up, are you.” It was more of a resignation to the processes of the universe than it was than a question.
“Nope. How ya doin’, Raboo?”
She was relentless.
“I’m okay. For now. I just have to remember. These people know me. …or … they did. …if they haven’t declared me dead and forgotten me completely, by now. Regians always quickly forget anyone who dies. That’s why I don’t have a name. I … was expected to be dead. While this me is … kinda unforgettable … if they thought I died outside of the wall, they might not even remember Rabid. But if they do, that’s how they’ll know this isn’t some sort of ruse.”
Lessa landed the shuttle easily in the center square. The ramp faced the people waiting.
The compound wasn’t large, but she’d gone around the center, stopping in four spots to put the message out. She wanted to make sure everyone not in the mines had heard Rabid’s announcement.
“You’re sure everyone is out of the mines?”
“It’s past the end of the shift. Unless they changed anything because of the shipment we took, they should all be up and most everyone will be at dinner by now. 
Lessa announced over the external comm, “Please hold your fire. We’ve tried signaling you on all known frequencies, as well as open comm and speakers. We’ve gotten no response. Whether this is by intent or design, we mean you no harm. We’re coming peacefully. I have one man coming out. You know him. He is the one you called Rabid. I’ll be following him. I’m Lieutenant Lessa Kylara, second in command of the Haunter Grey Banshee Commandos. Please, do not fire on us. We are only here to organize taking you off Regia. We do need to talk about that, so we can come to an agreement on how that can be best accomplished.” 
The name, title and significance wouldn’t mean anything to them. But it would give them more of a point of reference. …and, hopefully, less of a reason to shoot them. …especially since it was the Unity who put them here.
From looking through her viewport, she could see attitudes and stances visibly change.
“Okay. You know what to do. Just go out with your hands up and open. I’ll be right behind you, doing the same. If things start to get dicey, I may have to knock you down,” Lessa warned him.
“I wouldn’t suggest it. …just sayin’…”
“Want me to carry a trank? I’d really rather keep you conscious. …and here.”
“Hmm…” Rabid said. “Let’s see… Door Number One … get shot and killed. Door Number Two … go off … and then get shot and killed. Door Number Three … go off, get tranked, and then shot and killed.” He turned to face her directly. “I’m not really seeing anything right off that makes me prefer any one of those.”
“Want me to go first?” she asked with a shrug.
“Great. Door Number Four … watch Miss Tornado Porcupine … who keeps calling me Raboo, I might add … get shot and killed. …and then go slamming through Door Two.” 
He stood up and shook his head. “Life’s full of tough choices.” 
He sighed and headed for the shuttle’s ramp.

***** 

Chapter 39

It had been a long day. Even with the extra four shuttles taking people off Regia, they each had to make two trips. One more trip down for this shuttle, with the Unity, and the Banshees on it could get some much-needed sleep.
Since the inhibitor cuffs shut down all the nerves in their forearms and the second set from their knees down, there wasn’t much the Unity could do, once they were allowed to regain consciousness. Not having a link to their A.I., there was also precious little communicating they could do between themselves, without speaking very loudly. …and that was going to be a problem they were going to have to solve, once they were let loose on Regia. …if they didn’t just manage to kill each other to begin with. 
Different Unity had differing cape lengths and hoods. The longer the cape, the deeper the hood. From the different comparisons made, just out of curiosity, the Unity Captain had the longest cape. …which must have meant that there must have been some sort of social class system, even there. But, for a number of reasons, the capes and the hoods were removed. They served no practical function, and wouldn’t, down on the Regian surface. …and they’d gotten in the way while the Unity were being handled. All the capes and hoods were removed and fed into the ‘cycler system.
Ai had told them that the Unity would be blind without using the manual adjustment to switch from the enhanced reality view to what actually was. …which none of them would be prepared for, Ai had said. But because their hands would be kept useless … so none of them could use their cuff weapons … forcing them to remain blind was … unnecessary. 
Going around to all of them and adjusting them all to the reality view would cause many of its own problems, though. The biggest being … they’d actually be able to see. Another one would be being able to see the remains of the three Unity Castor had killed. Those had each been put into their own clear container. They would be left on the surface, as well. They belonged to the Unity. And they could have them.
One thing Garrant had made sure of was that at least one of the Regian ‘cyclers had been programmed to produce the vitapacks that the Unity needed to survive. Lessa brought that down and installed it on her last trip. 
The Unity would have their cuffs active. So, they’d be able to defend themselves from the Regian predators. With the vitapacks, they could, conceivably, live for a very long time on Regia.
…if they so chose.
Of course … they struggled. 
Largely ineffectively. …but they could still do damage because of the servomotors in their joints. They still had the use of their shoulders and hips.
The Banshee away team sat watching them. 
The Unity weren’t going to go very far.
Garrant, herself, was not on board. 
Lessa was in charge. And she was as tired as everyone else.
It had taken a full two days to get everyone off Regia. And that didn’t happen easily. There was negotiating about the Regians keeping their weaponry and just how they were going to be able to board the shuttles and remain alive to do so. Rabid was the natural arbitrator, having come from here. …even though he had extremely little patience for it. 
But, in the end, the Regians cooperated as much as they were able, very much looking forward to their freedom. …but not exactly trusting that freedom would be fully restored to them. Lessa took all Rabid’s suggestions at compromises. The Regian Leadership and their best Shooters would be the last to leave the compound, at which time every shuttle available would be on the ground, so what the Regians considered a dangerous minimum, where it concerned the Regian predators, wouldn’t happen. 
Since the Unity would be left there, Lessa made sure that all of the equipment would be left intact. …that had been one of the more heated points of discussion. As Castor had predicted, none of the Regians were sympathetic to the Unity. Their demands were more closely aligned with Grimmer’s on that particular matter. That was, however, one point that Castor wasn’t going to budge on, and Lessa knew it. So, she gave them more of their other wants, as it was found reasonable to do. 
The concept of integrity was defined a little differently, here. …a little more strictly. …and necessarily so. These people had no one else they could depend on, for as long as they were here, except for each other. So, Lessa made absolutely certain that every concession she had made was followed through on with the utmost of care.
What the Unity might do or accomplished during their time here was a very large unknown. Other than the vitapacks modification, the ‘cyclers remained with the same limitations that they already had. …which meant that the more advanced programming just didn’t exist. It wasn’t that it was there and blocked or bypassed. The Regians could probably have found a way around a simple bypass.
Could the Unity reprogram the ‘cyclers? 
Yes. Possibly. 
But without an A.I., the process would be extremely slow. 
If they could reprogram the ‘cyclers to do so, they could repair their suits. …or they could program the units to make the parts, if they knew how to build them, for more and bigger ‘cyclers. Eventually, they might be able to leave the planet. …which was a very large concern of the Regians. …but the Unity would have to do all their own work. …all eighty-five of them, at the final count. …including the two captains and the dozen being trained to take over their series’ offices. …which wasn’t something the Unity were accustomed to doing for themselves. 
Before they could get to that point, though, they’d be forced to ensure their own survival as their priority. …which meant a high degree of cooperation and trust between them. Which, according to what Castor was told, was a very high hurdle, all by itself. The chances of their surviving long enough to build something such that they could leave Regia, while staying within the confines of this reality, were incredibly low. 

*****

“As you, yourselves, have pretty much said to the newcomers, I don’t know how many times,” Rabid had told the Regian Leadership. “Basically … their death sentence is accomplished as soon as their feet touch the ground. It’s only a matter of when they understand that, and when Regia takes notice of them.”
“On the other hand,” Lessa started. “This is an opportunity for all of you to choose the path of your future. We’re putting that choice back into your hands.”
She knew where this was going to go. She was prepared.
“You think we’re going to join you and fight them?”
“That’s one option.” Lessa shrugged. “But we don’t delude ourselves that many of you will take it. We know what life is like here. And we imagine that most of you will opt for a very nice and quiet … and safe … planet whose main industry is probably just farming. We imagine that most of you will choose sedentary and dull over more danger. …and were I in your boots, that’s exactly what I’d do. I’d be able to breathe and not have to constantly think about the dozens of ways I might be killed in the next few seconds. So. Yes. We’ll take you to such a place, if that’s what you decide on. But if some of you want to help us … you’ll be vetted, and we’ll see what we can do for and with you. No matter what you choose, I’m sure you’ll find your expected life spans extended far beyond what you ever dreamed they might be, once you got here.”
As part of all the compromises, in accordance with the Regians’ preferences, the bulboar mine entry was collapsed. The Unity would have an awful lot of digging to do if they wanted to continue with that operation. But, unless they personally did something to reopen the mine, that operation was ground to a complete halt for the foreseeable future.
The Unity needed the bulboar. Right now, they had the reconstituted first-gen source material that was already available and the existing extract. They could make first-gens for a good while and use those, saving some of the extract for when they had to resort to third-gens. But they’d also have to use some of what they had to produce a good number of inactive first-gens, so they’d continue to have source material.
Eventually, though, what it all meant was that the Unity, here, would surely be eventually replaced or supplemented with another prisoner population. Collapsing the mines wasn’t really going to help the matter, in a much broader point of view. It would inconvenience the Unity. …just as Castor destroying that one shipment of bulboar would. 
What would hurt the regular people the most would be taking the existing people, here, off Regia. The Unity would have to get more from somewhere. Other than the initial replacement, which meant more raids on human planets. …and a lower toleration threshold for the people they already had. …not that that particular bar was set all that high as it was.
The only thing that would ever stop the conscription of people to become Unity slaves …was to end the Unity. …however it was that had to happen.
It’s the Crusades. …all over again. While the justifications are just as easy to see, now, as it was back in the Middle Ages on Earth … the methods … the end does not always justify the means. And that’s where Castor is different. He’s leaving the Unity alive. …putting them in a situation where they’ll likely die. …but that’s more their own choice. They can live longer if they choose to cooperate with each other. …the same chance as Jesus gave all the rest of us. Make the right choice and live. Make the wrong choice and die.
Lessa had done a lot of reading in Garrant’s History books, too.

*****

One of the Unity managed to squirm its way closer to one of the commandos. It wasn’t slow or subtle enough so that no one was aware. In fact, most of the Banshees were watching the slow progress. The commandos who weren’t watching that particular one were assuming that it was only a distraction for something else the Unity might have somehow planned.
“If you’re headed for the airlock, I would be more than happy to help you with that.” 
Muffled noises came from the Unity.
“Is that what you’d like to do? Here.” She handed her teammate sitting beside her the gun she was holding, and then she bent down to take the Unity under its arm.
“TRIXLE!”
The woman, Trixle, stood at attention as Lessa came to her.
“Sir!” Trixle saluted smartly and stood at attention.
Lessa was only about two-thirds as tall as Trixle. But every one of the Banshees had watched her training. Even without all her blades, there wasn’t any one of them who might decide on pursuing a difference of opinion with her. …even if she wasn’t the second in command of the Banshees.
“As much as I would personally enjoy spacing them all … that isn’t the mission we were given. …nor is that kind of enjoyment something we should pursue. The concept of tormenting the helpless … even the Unity, regardless of everything they’ve done to deserve it … is not our way of solving problems. If it were, they wouldn’t have made it this far and still be breathing. …and along that same train of thought … we wouldn’t likely still be breathing, either.” Lessa spoke without anger, and without belittling her commando. “I understand that they may live long enough to make themselves a fresh problem. …not just for us, but for a whole lot of innocent people. But where they’re going will be hard enough, and they’re going to have to learn a great many new things that are completely foreign to them, just to survive even a single month. 
“For example… 
“You can watch my mouth and hear what I’m saying. They’ve never done either of those, directly, regarding each other, without the aid of their own technology.” Lessa paused for a moment as she faced the group. “That’s a technology you’re going to have to learn to live without, by the way.”
All of the Unity appeared to be awake. They all had their view switched to as-is reality for them. They’d be able to see her, if not exactly hear her clearly.
“Ai. Allow them to hear me, but not each other.”
“Yes, Lieutenant. I started that as soon as you addressed them directly.”
“Ai, you’re a gem! Thank you!”
“I do what I can, Lieutenant,” Ai said. It’s tone of voice showed that while it might not have access to humor, it definitely had access to humility, and it only wanted to help where it best could.
“Do you know where you are?” she asked loudly. “Just nod or shake your head.”
Most of them shook their heads.
“Do you know where you are going?”
Three nodded tentatively. Which series those two were, she’d have to ask Ai to find out. The rest didn’t know.
“I’m obligated to give you this information,” she started. “By order of Resistance Rear Admiral Castor Efrata-Landeez, you have been tried in a martial court. You’ve been found guilty of crimes too numerous to list. …the most numerous and prevalent of those being the number of non-Unity deaths that you have directly and/ or indirectly caused and/ or perpetuated among people that you had no right and no valid cause to do. …and that would be anyone and everyone not directly descended from the Unity Primes, along with probably including even most of those. 
“Since you have taken away the God-given rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness of so many … Rear Admiral Castor Efrata-Landeez has taken your fleet and your right to liberty has been temporarily restricted.” 
Lessa personally disagreed with having to tell them any of that. If they ever made it off the planet, the Admiral was going to have something far worse than just a price on his head. But he specifically required that she follow that procedure. He’d said it was a legality and a rationality the Unity were not capable of comprehending because of exactly who they are and what they’d done throughout the eons. He’d read a good amount of Garrant’s library over the months in transit, which included a history of how and why humans were forced off Earth. 
“You are bound for Regia,” Lessa explained. “When we get there, you’ll be offloaded into the center of the prisoner compound.”
A few of the Unity shook their heads no.
“Your prisoners have all … every single one of them … already been evacuated, as far as we had the capability of confirming,” she said. “You’ll be alone in your own prison, for now, and you’ll be left to your own devices, as you have left so many others. 
“The ‘cyclers are capable of producing your vitapacks. I personally made sure they had that capability. Your personal weapons are being left intact, which is why the binders you have on are placed where they are and include neural inhibitors. You will be able to defend yourselves from the local predators. So. You can either learn how to live there, as you condemned so many to do … or you will die. …as so many that you sent there have. 
“We will be bringing as many of you to Regia as we can accomplish,” she continued. “You, of this fleet, are only the first. There is a functional and noteworthy Resistance, now. As such, we will be taking back our freedom, our liberty, and our worlds, as we are able to do so.” She lifted her head to face slightly upwards. “Rabid. If you’ll come back here, now. I believe our … friends … are ready to listen to your talk on Regian survival.”
“I’ll be right there.”
Addressing the Unity again, Lessa continued. “When we’re on the ground, you’ll be offloaded. When we’ve lifted again, your inhibitors will be deactivated. You’ll be able use your personal weapons to free yourselves from there. The compound should be safe enough, long enough, for you to accomplish that. 
“Once you’ve freed yourselves, you’ll have to attend to the matter of your survival. You will have small ‘cyclers, to create any needed items that don’t have much mass. The ‘cyclers’ usefulness has not been tampered with, other than to provide you with your vitapacks. In short, you have access to all the resources that you allowed the people you put here. How you make use of them is up to you. You’ll know best what you need. You’ve been given a library of history, ethics, and what you would label as Rajinistaism. …which, as it was originally said, Creationism. Originist … Christian doctrine. I highly suggest that you read that last section. No other resources, of any sort, have been added, however. 
“As you left your prisoners, there is no A.I. on Regia. No A.I. means that there are no auto-communications or enhanced reality. To live, you’ll have to cooperate and adapt, just as your prisoners did. To cooperate, you’ll have to figure out how to communicate with each other directly and effectively. To survive for any length of time…”
Rabid entered the hold in time to hear her last statement.
“You’ll have to keep in mind everything I’m about to tell you,” he finished for her.
“This is Rabid. He is a Regian, and he’s lived through some very harsh circumstances…” she put her hand on his arm to distract him from following that train of thought. “And he’s going to tell you, now, about the hazards you’ll be facing and how to avoid or combat them.”
She looked at Rabid. “Are you okay, Raboo?”
“Yah. Are you sure we can’t just space ‘em? It would be more merciful.”
“I’m conflicted,” Lessa said without humor. “But this way there’s a chance they’ll survive. Has the Admiral been teaching you the Bible?”
“Him and you. Mostly you, lately. The Grey Ghost has been kinda busy, lately.”
“Him and me too. …and just about everyone else. That’s the first time I’ve heard him called that.”
“I made it up,” Rabid smiled. “After we started for here. I use it when I talk to the people we picked up from the Resistance. You should see their faces when I say I’m not allowed to explain it.”
“I can imagine. So. These. Spacing. And our reluctance, thereof. You understand eye for an eye? …and the stipulations that came afterward?”
“As opposed to just killing someone,” he answered thoughtfully, “because they’ve killed someone else, it’s more allowing them to fully pay back what they’ve taken from someone as best they are able,” Rabid said. “Which gets complicated, sometimes. But that’s all when a situation becomes a legal issue. Personal issues, according to Jesus, are better handled with forgiveness.”
“It is. And they are. And that whole concept is something these…” she indicated the Unity, “…people…” she said after a slight pause, “will never allow themselves to understand, unless they start thinking for themselves, because they were the ones who, effectively, replaced God on our home-planet with themselves. That’s why we went into space. They chased us into space to try to replace him in the entire universe. Many of us have forgotten Jesus and what he was all about. Some haven’t. …which is exactly why we have to take the higher road. We may not be any better than they are, all things considered. But that’s why we can’t allow ourselves to stoop to their level. Do you see what I’m saying?”
“I think so. It’s … very hard walking this path.”
“It’s only hard if that’s the way you think it needs to be. But if you think that, then you’re in error. It doesn’t have to be all that hard. See me. Watch me. I have help. You have all the help you need, too. …and I don’t mean just from us mere mortals.”
“I have a lot to learn,” Rabid admitted.
“Don’t we all. Yes. And it never stops. It is a tough road, sometimes. Sometimes it gets a whole lot worse. But we all have someone we can ask for help.”
“Understood.”
“The floor is yours.”
“Think they learned anything from this little discussion?”
“If they bothered to listen at all … probably not. If someone did, they’ll likely be killed by the others. So, was it lost on them? No. There’s always hope. Recognize Jesus for who and what he is, and what he did for us… Leave behind all the lies and other baggage and live for Jesus… Do you remember what Jesus said about truth and life?”
Rabid thought for a while, “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father but through me.”
“That’s the one. I left information down there for them … for survival of a different nature than what you’re about to give them.”
“Think they’ll read it?”
“Probably not. But it’s there.” She turned to the Unity captives. “you heard that. Find it. Read it. Pay very close attention to it. It’s the best opportunity I can give you. It wasn’t mandated that I do so. It was my choice. My own. It’s there. Learn. Grow. Survive, even after this life is finished. Know Jesus.”

*****

Lessa took two steps back, leaving Rabid to face the Unity. …who all looked like ragdolls. He couldn’t tell if anyone was paying attention, or not. “This is incredibly important.” Rabid stopped, considering for a moment. “…as was everything else just said,” he added, looking at Lessa. “If you remember nothing of what I’m about to say … remember what she,” he indicated Lessa, “said. That’s far more important that what I’m about to tell you.” He took a breath and put a hand on Lessa’s shoulder, after motioning for her to come up next to him again. “My name … the only one I know … is Rabid. I am Regian. That’s the only place I know before here.”
He took a breath and closed his eyes as he said, “I was swallowed by a burrower.” 
The pause was enough to get an answering grip on his hand from Lessa.
“Burrowers live mostly underground,” he finally continued. “You can identify them…”
He talked about the dangers of the most common Regian predators, and the methods of identifying and surviving them, all the way down to the planet.
 
***** 

Chapter 40

“This is Rear Admiral Castor Efrata-Landeez. The Unity fleet that is about to enter your orbit is under my command. We are not hostile. But we will defend ourselves if we are attacked. I will land one shuttle and a small escort. Do not underestimate the capability of that escort. I’m planning on turning over these Unity ships to the Resistance. Message from General Grimmer to follow.”
After a short pause Grimmer’s voice started.
“The is General Grimmer. You have already got enough to do voice analysis on both of us. You know me. I am in command of the Saloh Light Carrier, Haunter Grey, as I told you I would be, leading Rear Admiral Efrata-Landeez’ fleet in. The Admiral and his people took this fleet with enemy collateral losses held to a bare minimum, and no losses … what … so … ever … to his own people. …which would include those you loaned him. I concur with his statement about not underestimating his escort. I will be coming down in a shuttle with a small escort, as well. I highly suggest having your admin team available and ready to take action on the things you will need to do, if you want to take possession of this fleet.”
The incoming ships made no effort to conceal their slow approach. The buoy was launched from outside of the system. It was a short-range broadcaster. …which it started doing once it got within one-quarter light hour. The tracking and projections teams had calculated that the buoy would crash on the moon, once it got past the planet. 
“Which means that it won’t keep broadcasting and possibly betray our location,” they’d told him.
Fleet Admiral Josephs listened to the broadcast for the third time through. The message started to repeat again.
“I don’t trust any of them.”
He hit the button to shut it off.
The tactics advisory team lead, Daria Tagrin, spoke up. She didn’t have to confer with her team on this one.
“You don’t exactly have a choice, Admiral,” she said blankly. “If he really did take that fleet … and I’m inclined to believe Grimmer, whether I like or trust her, or not … all things considered … then that small escort could likely take anything we can possibly send against them. 
“If he didn’t, and the Unity are still in command of that fleet … which I consider highly unlikely, since it is Grimmer that we’re talking about, here, and you’ve already verified that the voice pattern matches exactly … then we’re dead to begin with. They have more firepower in that one Escort than this entire mountain range would be able to stand up against. So, my suggestion to you, Admiral, is to pray very hard that Efrata-Landeez really is in command of it. And be very ready to take any actions they require. Those three Unity ships and the fighters they carry will mean that we can finally do something worthwhile.”
Josephs looked at her. Basically, she was telling him that he was going to have to give up command of the Resistance because he was ineffective. …which he disagreed with, vehemently, and he told her so. 
“I will not give up my command.” He’d said it without excessive anger. He fully expected they’d demand that Grimmer … a walking psychopathic time-bomb with no valid comprehension of reality, at the very best … or that traitor Efrata-Landeez take command of the Resistance. After all the blood, sweat, and tears he’d put into building the Resistance up to this point … that was absolutely not an option.
“I didn’t imply that you should,” Daria shrugged. “Nor have they made any statement implying those are their intentions. What I did say was that you need those ships, and you should do whatever they require, so you can have them. If you take that suggestion, and act accordingly, you’ll keep your command. …in my estimation. 
“The crews bringing them in,” Daria continued, “are now trained to fly them, if not technically battle-tested in doing so. If they are forced into a choice at this time, they will likely be more loyal to the Rear Admiral. …if not necessarily the General. They’ve seen what he can accomplish, first-hand. They’ve also seen what you’ve done, first-hand. He took a Unity fleet. With resources that he garnered for himself. We’re still struggling to build any kind of an effective fighting force.”
“I don’t like it,” Josephs snapped at her.
“You don’t have to,” Daria said flatly. “But you do have to be cordial and do what they ask, if you want those ships.”
Josephs thought for a few moments. If they could get their hands on those ships, and then have Grimmer and … the traitor … leave again, then the disruption would be minimal. The two leading that group might even get themselves and their people all killed in some other idiotic action they might take.
Taking an entire Unity Fleet, with just a light carrier and a few fighters. That had to have been Grimmer’s idiocy. She’s going to get them all killed. And I, for one, would say good riddance. “Fine. Let them orbit and bring down their two shuttles and escort. But I want everyone as deep in the tunnels as we can get until we know they are who they say they are. How much time do we have until they can fire on us?”
“Five hours, sir, according to all known specifications.”
“You should have someone here to meet them,” Daria suggested.
“Great,” Josephs said with a degree of sarcasm. “Who do you know that would volunteer for a suicide mission?”
“I’ll stay,” one of the tactics team volunteered.
Josephs looked to identify who’d spoken. 
Jila Cosa. 
Scatterbrain. I don’t even know what she does on that team.
Josephs realized that he might be about to lose his tactics team.
“Fine. Only you.” 
“One person is hardly a welcoming committee,” Daria said with a degree of disgust. “If you won’t leave anyone one up here, then we’ll,” she indicated her team, “all stay.”
Make that Lost. 
“Wonderful,” Josephs said flatly. “You stay.” He turned to his communications officer. “Relay to all personnel. To the tunnels. This is not a drill. Rig for long-term sheltering.”
The order sounded throughout the facility. 
“Eject the processor core. Power down all systems and lock down the base per minimum-loss protocol. I want everyone and everything possible in the tunnels in one hour. Everything goes deep.”
People started to move.
The tactics team got up and started, as well. Two turned left, into the passageway, out of the Command Room. The rest, including Jila Cosa, followed Daria, straight. The only place that passageway, straight, led to was the upper levels. …and the landing area. To the left was the crew quarters.

*****

The pilots were climbing down from their fighters.
Grimmer and a few commandos came down the ramp of his shuttle.
Garrant, Rabid, and Lessa Kylara came down the ramp of the second. 
Jila knew of them.
“Where is Josephs?” the General asked.
“He decided to take everyone into the tunnels,” Daria told her. 
“Coward,” Grimmer spat.
Jila saw that Castor Efrata-Landeez had walked up in a flight suit. He must have been in one of the fighters. He was followed by a woman with long black hair … Jila watched her shake out that mass of hair when she took off her helmet. There were two other men she didn’t know. The woman pilot stood close to Castor.
Jila saw him very briefly notice her there when she bumped him slightly, repositioning her helmet. 
“Ai.”
“Yes, Admiral.”
“Relay to fleet. Except for the Haunter Grey, park the Unity ships on the moon. Leaving enough Resistance personnel to handle things at that end, start transferring non-essential Resistance personnel, Unity servicemen, and Regian evacuees down to the base for debrief and processing. The remaining Resistance personnel can start coming down, proportionately, with the rest. All shuttles will be used. Keep the Regians moderately separate from the servicemen. We don’t want this to be any more difficult than it already has to be. When everyone else is down, bring down all non-essential personnel from the Haunter Grey.”
“Yes, Admiral. Response is incoming.”
“Will we have access to the base shuttles in service, as well, Admiral?”
“That would be a good thing. Yes. If we can get it. Resistance Command has retreated underground.”
“He’s also ejected the base computer core and has control of the power cut-off down where he is,” Daria told them. 
“Ai. If we fire up each of the shuttles, would you be able to fly them up there remotely?”
“No, Admiral. From what I can find … there is no A.I. interface with the controls. The base’s shuttles are Human-Only piloted. Although, they are powered down. So, I cannot say accurately.”
“I should be able to bypass any lockdowns. We can take three of them up this trip,” Garrant offered. “Four, if Rabid wants to fly. I’ll be staying here.”
“I’m better co-piloting.” Rabid backed up slightly, in a hands-off stance.
“We can take three,” the woman with the dark hair added. “How many ya got?” she asked with a shake of her head that flipped her hair out of her face.
“One of the Banshees can take this one.” Castor indicated the one Grimmer had come from. 
Garrant pointed. The commando saluted quickly and ran back into the shuttle, closing the ramp on the way by.
“Ai. How many shuttles does the base have?”
“There are eleven Resistance shuttles on the ground that I was able to see on the way down. That number cannot be verified, though, until the base systems are up.”
“Admiral. This is Jack. If we use all the shuttles available, the eleven there, the twelve Unity ones, our two and your freighter, and if the transferees on the shuttles don’t mind close quarters, then I’ve got an estimate that it will take three days to transfer all down-going personnel to the base, as long as we stay in orbit. Docking on the moon, if we can find a halfway decent place, will at least double that time, not including looking for a good place to set down. With a minimal command staff, we could put the ships on the moon, after they’re empty, and use one shuttle, each to bring those down. …if you’re looking to shut them down entirely.”
The shuttle Grimmer had come down in lifted gently.
“Ai. I never asked. Can you keep the Unity fleet in orbit?”
“I can, providing I have enough fuel-available mass, keep the ships in orbit indefinitely. At this time, if the ships were emptied of personnel, and shutting down all unnecessary systems for conservation purposes, I can keep the Wellship in orbit for approximately nine years. The Carrier and Escort have more mass available.”
“Okay. Then that’s the plan. Relay to the fleet. Per better information, keep the fleet in orbit. Give control to Ai. Bring everyone down in the order specified. The Greys will pilot the shuttles. Bring the admin and processing personnel down first.”
“Yes, Admiral.”
Castor pointed at the three pilots, who’d flown escort with him. “You’re in the shuttles. Rabid…”
“With Lessa?” Rabid asked.
“Unless either one of you have a valid objection, you two are staying here, too.”
“No objections, Admiral. I like having my feet on the ground. More room. …as opposed to her,” he indicated the Terminian. “who doesn’t actually seem to touch the ground, much. She’s like … gravity chooses not to apply to her, or something.”
“I splat, just like everyone else.” Lessa raised an eyebrow. “I’ve just managed to learn how to make it look like I intended to do it like that. …on those rare occasions.”
“Do you have house cats on Termina?” Alta asked, fluffing out her hair. “House cats are real good at the I did that on purpose thing.”
“We do,” Lessa admitted. “I’m … a little more graceful about it, though.”
“Agreed, from anything I’ve ever seen. Where are they keeping the shuttles, Admiral?” Alta asked, ready to go.
“I will take them,” Grimmer offered.
Castor looked at Grimmer. This was entirely out of character for her.
“What,” she asked blankly. “There is stuff I want to look at, while it is easier and available. Hook up your shuttle as a power supply before you do anything else. Get your freighter down here and hook that up, too. Get your A.I. into the system here, if it can.”
Grimmer walked away without another word. The three pilots and the second commando scrambled after him.
“Admiral,” Lessa started. She left it at that.
“You and your shuttle need to be here,” he said in answer.
“The rest will just be sitting here until someone comes down to fly them,” she countered. “You can hook up any of them and accomplish the same thing.”
“But that doesn’t leave anyone but Grimmer and Garrant here. While I have total confidence in Garrant, I’d feel even more safe having you here, too, rather than there.”
“Why didn’t you just say that to begin with?”
“I didn’t think of it first.”
Lessa raised an eyebrow. 
“And it probably would have come out wrong, anyway.” Castor continued with his command team. “The Admiral isn’t going to like me using his stuff. But he’s not here to ask. So, I’m going to borrow them. They’ll be left here, when we’re done with them, in as good or better condition than when we borrowed them.”
“There’s still this one. It’s already rigged. I can help.”
“You. It. Here.” Castor pointed briefly at the ground.
Jila watched the exchange. It was a little hard to believe that he was allowing the little Terminian to question his orders. She noticed that Garrant was watching the two, as well. Garrant was Lessa’s superior officer. She should be doing something about this, if Castor didn’t.
“I’m a soldier and a darn good shuttle pilot. I can do more than just standing around!”
“Yes, you can. But you’ll be standing around. And you’ll be guarding me. …if you can manage to do both of those two things at the same time. …with all due gravity nullification noted, of course.”
Lessa quickly yanked out one of her blades. Stabbed it at what appeared to be nothing, and then showed Caster the point. Impaled on the end of the blade was a small insect. …one of the planet’s stinging ones.
“And all those impressively combined skills are exactly why I want you here next to me.” He turned to the Major. “Is this something you might want to eat?”
“I haven’t tried one of those yet.” Garrant answered. “Lessa.”
The Terminian turned the point of her knife to Garrant, who took the insect off and bit it.
“Yah,” the Valhallan said. “No.” She spat what she had in her mouth and tossed the rest of the insect. “A little bitter. Not like ours, at all.”
Lessa raised an eyebrow, but said nothing to either the Admiral or the Major. 
She tossed the knife up, flipping it end over end. When it came down it landed straight into the chest pocket that she’d taken it from, never having taken her eyes off Castor’s. It hadn’t missed her face by much. She shook her shoulders once to settle all her blades. 
A lock of her hair fell to the ground.
Jila saw his eyes shift down to her front. He may have looked lower than where the knife had landed. …maybe at the lock of hair, for a moment.
“The first shuttle down has launched, Admiral. It will be at your location in two hours. It’s pretty packed. I made sure they were all real friendly before I used the shoehorn.”
“Acknowledged, Jack.” Castor pointed at Lessa. “And you need to quit doing that.”
“That’s two men who have told me I shouldn’t be doing something in the last few months.” She gave Rabid a quick glance. …who appeared to be intentionally not looking at her. “One would think I was being inappropriately suggestive.”
Castor looked at Garrant. “Why does this remind me of the conversation I had with you that ended up with you winning so often because I’m a guy?”
“Actually, Admiral,” Garrant started. “That particular part of the conversation ended up with me admitting to your accusation that I was evil.”
“Yah. I remember.”
“I trained her,” Garrant added.
“I’m doomed.” Castor raised his eyebrows and nodded quickly and shortly, as if there was no other outcome to this discussion.
The quick wink Garrant gave Lessa was more than enough to tell her that Garrant didn’t disapprove of her actions. She knew exactly what Lessa was doing. …and why.
Rabid spoke up. “I don’t really have much of a clue what you guys are talking about, except for the one little part where I might have been involved … which I have to say … had I been involved in any way … and I’m not admitting that I might have been in the slightest … I might as well have kept my mouth shut, because she did not, in fact, stop doing what I might have suggest that she shouldn’t do. And I’m thinking that whatever it is that you, Admiral, just told her not to do, is probably going to continue to happen, as well. So, theoretically … all things considered … if I were you, Admiral, I’d give them something to do that takes most of their attention. …otherwise, you’re about to do a crash’n’burn without being in your fighter.”
Castor looked at Rabid. “You’re a very wise man.”
“No.” Rabid said with raised eyebrow. “It just doesn’t take me all that long to figure stuff out.”
“Point taken.” Castor nodded.
“Sir.” Daria had been silent through the entire exchange.
Castor looked at her.
“We request transfer of duties to the Haunter Grey,” she said without hesitation.
Castor considered her for a few moments.
“Who, exactly, is we?”
He didn’t mince any words. He asked directly and without anything other than just the need to know.
“We’re the tactics advisory team for this base.” She looked at her team. “…most of it, anyway. …and I should say were, until we made the choice to meet you here. I’m Daria Tagrin. I’m the head of this team.”
“Tactics advisory. Aha.” Castor thought for a moment and nodded once. “How would you have taken a Unity Fleet, Daria?”
“At this particular point, sir, we don’t know how it can be done. But, apparently, you do. Once a specific goal is set, and the conditions to accomplish it are known, the moment to moment details of setting up those conditions and getting it done are what we focus on. Anything else is only speculation.”
“So,” Castor began. “You put a low priority on speculation. What priority do you put on enemy casualties, collateral losses for both our side and theirs, and the lives of our own people?”
“Collateral and personnel loss avoidance on our side is a top priority, since our assets and people are limited. Enemy casualties are less of a priority depending on the goals set and the most effective way of achieving those goals. And those are dependent on the priorities of Command. There is, however, an inverse proportional relationship to the probability of success and any effort to keep the enemy alive.”
Castor considered that answer for a brief moment. 
“Avoiding collateral and personnel losses,” he said blankly, “on our side, is a very high priority, not because of the scarcity of our assets, but because people are important. We may not have many assets, true. But even if we did, then any loss of those assets would still be counter-indicated because of the lives that would likely be lost along with those assets. Lesser capable people on our side are not to be sacrificed to allow more capable people to attain the mission objective. People. Are Not. To be wasted. Period. Our side. Or theirs. We destroy only what is entirely unavoidable. And we kill only when it can’t be done any other way. Those are the top priority mission goals for anything and everything my command attempts. Period. No one is expendable and no one is to be assigned or used at a level above their competency.”
While Castor had made that statement to make it sound like he was talking about putting pilots in positions where they’d likely die, the broader implications could include the rest of the crew and ships, as well.
“That tends to make things difficult, sir,” Daria said.
“Nevertheless. My teacher once told me, if it’s hard … you’re doing it wrong. Those are this,” he pointed forcefully at the ground, indicating himself, specifically, “command’s priorities. And that’s exactly how we will approach all our missions. Can you adjust your thinking to comply with that?”
“We will learn.” Daria nodded once.
That’s not the right answer.
“Are the rest of you on board with this? Answer each, in turn. If not, you can leave now, without comment or consequences from me or my people,” Castor stated.
Each of the group, in turn, responded with, I will learn. …the same as Daria had.
When it got to Jila, she hesitated. She was the last of the group to speak. She was good at tactics and machines. People … not so much. If she wasn’t working, then she either said too much or too little. And she wasn’t sure which of those two were worse. When she wasn’t on duty with this group, she normally stayed alone just fixing stuff. 
When everyone started to look at her, she looked at Castor and finally said, “Risk, very often, equals reward. The more you risk, the more you gain. Conservation of our own people and assets isn’t inversely proportional to risk, and the conservation of the people and assets of the Unity isn’t proportional to risk. The two aren’t mutually exclusive. The end doesn’t always justify the means. …Admiral.”
Daria made a few quick motions. It looked like she wanted Jila to stop talking.
Jila looked at her, then looked at Castor again and took a breath to continue, even though she felt like she might be babbling. “Everything is choices. We can choose to be the murders that we’re defending ourselves against, or we can choose to show the mercy that God shows us. Life isn’t to be tossed away to achieve our, or someone else’s, goal. …which may or may not be in line with God’s will.”
Daria made very a stern face at her.
Jila continued to look at Castor but didn’t say anything further.

*****

Castor looked at Garrant. He hadn’t missed the motions the tactics team lead had made at the last woman to speak.
Garrant raised an eyebrow and tilted her head slightly to the side, without a change of expression.
He looked at Lessa.
The Terminian commando quickly speared another insect. She inspected it. She wiped the bug off the end, and then used it to clean the fingernails of her other hand, seeming to concentrate intently. With an exaggerated motion, she stuck it back into its sheath. Castor noted the quick look down at the sheath that Lessa did while just as quickly pointing with that blade toward the last woman to speak. Even past the excess of movement to do so, Lessa certainly didn’t need to look at what she was doing. Not with the display she’d already just made. She knew exactly where that sheath was. 
Everyone else, except for Garrant, wouldn’t have likely seen even the smallest bit of that wordless communication. 
While Garrant’s expression made it clear that she felt the choice was obvious, Lessa’s was even more to the point. 
Take that one. Leave the rest.
And he had to agree. 
If they weren’t all thinking the way that one woman apparently was, then, while their long-term goals might align, their short-term goals might not. I’ll learn, was only an offer to be taught. Such an offer didn’t mean that person actually could be taught. …any more than Castor could teach someone the use of their numbers, who didn’t have access to them. 
The fact that they were intentionally abandoning Admiral Josephs didn’t particularly recommend them, either. It meant that they wanted to be in on the action. …which suggested that they might only wish to be heroes. 
Heroes are exactly what we’re not and don’t ever want to be. Most heroes end up dead, quickly. We’re doing what we’re doing because that’s the task we’ve been given. There’s no hero-anything about it. There’s no glory. We’re not guaranteed to live to see tomorrow. …say nothing about living long enough or dying in a sufficient fashion, and with enough witnesses, to be considered heroes.
That one word … heroes … left a very sour taste in his mouth.
“What’s your name, Miss?” he asked that last woman.
“Jila Cosa, sir,” she answered, looking like she didn’t really want to be singled out by having been asked.
Castor looked at Jila for a few moments, considering, and then answered the team lead. “I’ll consider your request. I’ll have an answer for you before the first of my shuttles down heads back up after dropping off people.”
There was a muffled whine as four shuttles lifted into the air, from lower down the mountainside.

***** 

Chapter 41

“Are they going to stay down there until we leave?” Castor asked no one in particular.
“Probably.” Grimmer appeared from around the corner just in time to hear the question. “I have been seriously considering blowing out the accesses and trapping them down there.”
“They could have an alternate route out,” Garrant suggested.
“That is the only thing that stops me from wasting my time. Once you got the shuttle hooked up to power some of the base, I found an underground map. They do. A couple of them. Some of them are about fifty miles away. …in both directions. Some of them only show the beginning of the tunnels, and are marked False Lead. So, if I cared to credit Josephs with more intelligence than I think he is actually capable of … even though I do not … I cannot trust any of that map. The whole thing could have been designed to be found. …in which case the whole thing could be one big false lead.”
That was a long statement from Grimmer. Castor felt that she must be more or less happy, though … if the word happy could even remotely apply to Grimmer … with the result of whatever is was that she wanted to see. …which wasn’t necessarily, apparently, the map of the underground structure. …at least, the map probably wasn’t the thing she primarily wanted to find. 
…which …from the things she said and the timing of her actions … didn’t necessarily need power to accomplish.
Whatever she did … I don’t want to know. It’s possible she rigged the whole base to implode. I’d hate to have to kill her for something like that … and I’d hope she wouldn’t … but there it is. That has to remain an option. I’ll have to see if Ai has any suggestions on how I can contain her when she goes off.
The borrowed crews had all come down. They were processing the refugees. There were two Grey pilots and at least four Banshees in each shuttle, taking people to their choice-worlds. The shuttles would stay a few days, just to make sure everyone was able to go somewhere. Those who got home to find they didn’t have a home anymore … which happened far too often … chose either to stay, anyway, or go back and try somewhere else. 
Jack and Anselmi were in charge of dealing with everyone. 
Two sets of ten tables were set up. At opposite ends of the landing area. Because they couldn’t power up the entire base, the usable powered systems were prioritized. ‘Cyclers and ‘Freshers were the top priority. The base computer system was left down, because Lessa’s shuttle wasn’t equipped to handle the conditions they had to work in. …and the core had been taken, below, with Josephs and his people. 
Castor had asked Ai how it might be able to get into the base’s system and possibly suggest a few reasonably sane courses of action for the Resistance Command.
“I will not intrude, unless I am invited, since there is no way for me to help with an emergency to gain their trust, here, without specifically creating one. …which would seem to defeat the purpose. But I am in the appropriated Fleet. And I do have access to all the data available there. So, they should be able to see enough of the advantages, there, to invite me down here.” 
“I wouldn’t bet the farm on that, Ai,” Rabid had quipped. “They didn’t see any advantage in accommodating Castor and company. …even after he told them he had a whole fleet he was going to just hand over to them.”
“There is that. Yes. I will have to work doubly hard on the ships, then, to convince Resistance Command. Hopefully it will not have to wait until a change of that command. …although, I am quite capable of far more patience than just that.”
“No doubt. Your best judgement, then,” Castor answered, and left it at that.
With Ai’s help, everywhere it possibly could, they’d made a short list of questions and processed the people they might be able to. The list was only a few short questions. 
What’s your name? This was really only so they could keep track of people. It didn’t matter if the answer they gave was actual truth, or not, as long as they answered to that name for processing.
What was your home-world? Many didn’t want to give a home world, which usually meant the answer to the next question was no.
Do you want to go back there? If the answer to this question was yes, then there wasn’t any need to answer another.
If not, where do you want to go? At this point, many were hard-put for an answer, particularly if they were one of the people who’d landed on a world and took things or killed people.
If you have no preference, can we choose a world for you? The popular option, here, was Saloh. But there was a very good reason for that.
With just those five questions, the refugees could be sorted and sent to other lines. 
Some came from worlds no one had ever heard of. …not even Ai. And they didn’t know how to get back there. 
A very, very few didn’t have home planets. They weren’t questioned further, and Saloh would be fine, as far as everyone was concerned.
Many wanted to go anywhere but where they’d originally come from. They felt that having been employed by the Unity wasn’t likely to make them welcome at home. They were all, at one time or another, Unity people. So sometimes the choices were hard. 
Garrant’s specific statement was that the only thing that any of the authorities on any of the planets would be told is that these were Unity Refugees, and that they needed homes and employment. In the case of Saloh, she was able to help accommodate that.
The lines for most of the worlds were short. …even though the trips to them weren’t. The people waiting were doing a whole lot of just that. The Regians tended not to care about the down time. Many just slept. They were finally able to relax, and they had absolutely no problem doing exactly that. 
Garrant suggested that they have the ones who were going to have to wait the longest fix meals for others. It was menial duty, but it kept them busy. Ai had a reasonably long selection of manufactured meal choices, having come from Saloh. The Unity people were used to synthetic meals. Organic meals were strictly rationed.
There were, as Ai had estimated, just short of fifteen hundred ex-Unity. There was a little over five hundred Regians. About thirty-five could be carried on a shuttle comfortably. …more or less… They could double that, if they had to. They had, in all, twenty-eight pilots and access to twenty-five shuttles. As it was, they decided to run only the twelve Unity shuttles, now that everyone was down. 
There were other things to do that concerned Castor, though. 
He had his freighter brought down. They connected that for power, instead of Lessa’s shuttle, since they didn’t need much of the base operational. The freighter’s generators could handle the load far more easily. Once that was settled, he used Lessa’s shuttle as his command office, preferring to stay out of the Base as much as possible.
He’d already started going over the files of the borrowed people, matching them with the notes he’d made on the ones he was thinking about keeping for the Haunter Grey. His assumption, as suggested by Garrant, was that Grimmer would have taken the best of everyone available and assigned them specifically to the Haunter Grey. …which Castor was a little conflicted about. If that’s what she did, then she was putting in place a ready-made permanent crew for the Grey. 
The ones who were trained on how to crew the Unity Fleet, might be less experienced, or more. …but now, they knew how to crew the Unity ships. He really wanted to keep some of them, too. …like Jack Stewert, who was the first name that came to mind. 
He also wanted to keep all the pilots he had. 
But, all in all, the Resistance had gained a few hundred people more. They were being held for vetting by Josephs people, under Garrant’s supervision. The Haunter Grey had gained some. …more from Regia … who hadn’t been there very long … than from the Unity conscripts. …who, in truth, Castor felt that they should all be shipped out, and not take the chance on betrayal either on his ship or here. 
Some very few of the conscripts, some of the higher-ranking ones, decided that they’d rather be back on a Unity commanded ship. …and they’d caused a problem. 
The problem had been dealt with. 
Garrant had quietly explained to them that they could easily be taken back to Unity command, but the only Unity location known at this time was down on Regia, and they would surely be welcomed there. 
Only one had been stupid enough to attack her.

*****

Castor only just happened to be looking that way. 
…not that Garrant or Lessa had anything to do with it. …not personally, anyway. I was just interested in seeing what they were doing. …and taking a break from the excruciatingly dull admin stuff.
The man was quick. He’d yanked one of Lessa’s knives before she knew it. 
And then he’d swung it at Garrant. 
…who put her arm up to block the swing.
The knife sank into her forearm. …and went through. 
It must have gone between the bones.
She brought that same arm …the one with the knife sticking through it … that her attacker was still hanging on to … down.
The big man couldn’t hold onto the knife, but it had to have done more damage to her arm for the action.
She grabbed his wrist with that hand.
As she tightened her grip on his wrist, breaking it …horribly so, if the man’s screams were an accurate indicator … she pulled the knife slowly from her arm.
…all without the slightest change of expression.
The man’s eyes had grown very large before the bones snapped.
He howled with pain.
She slammed her foot down on the side of his knee.
His leg bent sideways as he went down.
She wiped the knife on his pant leg, and started to hand it back to Lessa. Instead, apparently changing her mind, she turned back to the group he’d come from. 
“Would anyone else care to give it a shot?” she called. “I’m short one arm. …kinda.” 
She held her hand up, with its back facing them. Blood dripped off her elbow. The entire sleeve was red. 
“It would be more even. I’ll even let you use this knife. It’s already tasted me once. I’m sure it wouldn’t mind another.” 
She waited, ignoring the man writhing on the ground. 
“Anyone? Here.” 
She put Lessa’s knife on the ground, with the blade pointing back toward herself so it would be easier for them to grab and grip if they chose. Then she backed up fifteen steps. A large number of people were closer to the knife than she was. Her hand was down at her side. Blood continued to drip from her fingertips. 
“Anyone?” she called again. 
She shrugged. 
“I’m unarmed.” 
She waited. 
“Are you sure?” 
She waited nearly a minute, as her blood continued to drip. 
“Okay, then. I’m going to be expecting full cooperation from everyone. If anyone else decides they want to cause a problem like this … from here on … my Banshees have orders to shoot you.” She turned her back on the knife. “BANSHEES!”
“Yes, sir!” they called from well over a dozen places.
“Did you hear?” she called.
“Yes, sir!” they called again.
“Shoot to kill? …or just disable?” Of course, it was Jackyl who asked that question.
“Disable, only.” Garrant called. “I haven’t forgotten my promise for a raw leg of something. You’ve been waiting very patiently. If you want something sooner, you can have one of his.” She pointed back at the man on the ground.
“I don’t know, sir. Looks kinda rotten, to me. And one’s broken. I’ll wait.”
Garrant nodded. She touched the button on her collar. 
“Yes, Major.”
“You listed gimcha as one of the choices.”
“I did.”
“What form is it in?”
“They are whole, in the freezers.”
“How many?”
“The records say there are seventeen, throughout the fleet.”
“Send them all down, please.”
“While no open fires were allowed on board the ship, I have recipes for roasting them so.”
“Even better. I’ll have someone on that.” She lifted her face. “JACKYL!”
“Yes, sir!” he called quickly.
“Fresh meat for the Banshees tonight!”
There must have been dozens of repeated WOOTS that immediately resounded across the area.
She finally turned and looked at the knife still waiting on the ground. Everyone seemed to have moved away from it.
“Medic!” she called as she walked to the knife.
“Sir!” He rushed to her, expecting to have to look at her arm.
“Patch him up.”
“Yes, sir!”
“Cranial inhibitor. Make him quiet.”
“My pleasure, sir.”
She picked up the knife after wiping her hand on her pants. Her entire thigh was red. As she went by Lessa, she held it out to her, handle first.
Lessa took it, sheathed the knife, and followed her onto the shuttle.
Castor, who’d been watching from the ramp, waited, and then went in behind them.
Garrant unhooked her braid from her belt-spring on the way in. As she went to sit on a bench in the galley, she pulled her shirt off, using her good hand. Her undergarment had thin straps that went around her back and up and around her neck. Her browned skin clearly showed all the seriously corded muscles that covered her.
Blood oozed from her arm.
Lessa came over after rummaging through a cabinet. She opened a jar but didn’t pull the top off yet.
Garrant wiped the top of her forearm with her shirt and quickly held it up for Lessa, who brushed a layer of ‘lastskin over the cut. 
While Garrant blew on the covering, Lessa wiped off the underside of her forearm and covered the wound on that side.
Castor sat watching her the entire time.
“What.” Garrant said flatly to him, leaving off any honorifics.
“Doesn’t that hurt?”
“Ouch.” Garrant said without enthusiasm. “Do you feel better now?” Her tone was … less patient … than what she normally took with him.
“Let me rephrase my question,” Castor said. “Doesn’t that hurt?” he asked exactly as he had before.
“Of course, it hurts. I’m not a robot,” she said dismissively. “High tolerance threshold. Remember? And being a baby about it won’t make it feel any better. …at all. …or any faster.”
The coverings must have dried. Garrant held her arm up, watching the patches on both the top and bottom of her forearm, as she waggled her fingers a few times. While she didn’t exactly wince … Castor could tell that it did, in fact, hurt.
She got up and went to one of the ‘cyclers.
“Ai.”
“Yes, Major.”
“Can you use the ‘cycler to scan my arm and show me what it looks like in there?”
“Yes, Major. To what degree of detail?”
“I want to see if there might be a bone chip or two.”
“Just lay your arm of the tray. You won’t need to seal the unit.”
As the inside of her arm showed up on the screen to the side, Ai told her, “There is a cut on the radial bone. I’m indicating the area on the screen. It is mostly unshowable because of its location and the positions of the bandages. But I can see it clearly. Would you like me to simulate it on the screen?”
“I’ll take your word for it.”
“Would you like a local inhibitor band?”
“Yes, please.” She removed her arm from the unit.
“I am afraid there is nothing that I can do about the chip. Your arm would have to be opened by medical personnel, and reset.”
The tray slid in. The unit closed. And then the unit opened again. The tray came out with a smallish thin cuff.
Garrant took the cuff and slid it up her arm, and carefully moved it over the coverings.
When she turned, Castor was still staring at her.
“What.” She paused in mid-step. “I said I had a high threshold. That doesn’t mean I enjoy it.” She turned her head to the side. “Ai. How long do you think before I can run the highbars?”
“I would not suggest doing so for two months. While the wound will heal quickly, the bone will heal more slowly, and it may still hook on tissue until it completely calcifies. You could do it sooner, but that would aggravate the tissue around the bone and possibly move the chip to an inconvenient place. …which could tend to be painful.”
“That’s about what I thought. Thank you.”
She went and sat down again.
Lessa put a glass of orange liquid in front of her.
Garrant looked up.
“Just citrus juice. You lost a good amount of blood. Drink it.”
Garrant raised an eyebrow, but picked the glass up and drank it all.
“He was quick,” Lessa said noncommittally.
“He wasn’t the one I thought would go for it.”
“I could have stopped him, you know,” Lessa said like she was reminding Garrant.
“I know. Had to happen the way it did.”
“Wait,” Castor interrupted. “You knew he was going to do it? That was a show?”
“I knew someone was going to. Someone had to. We had too many people down to watch them all, all the time. Someone was bound to like what they were doing for the Unity. That someone would likely be one of their killers. Happened to be him. This was the first lesson.”
“First.”
“Yes. Right now, they know they know I have no weak spot. I’m extremely dangerous, even wounded. I didn’t even use my good hand. Hurt like crap. But I intentionally used the arm he’d wounded. So. Right now … they think I have complete control over any pain I might feel. The mental image they’ll have is that they could shoot me, repeatedly, and I’d still walk straight up to them and push my fist through their skulls. That’s going to scare them. And rightly so. But someone else is still going to try.”
“Because you’re wounded.”
“No. Because they’ll think that Lessa doesn’t pay as much attention as she ought to. They’ll think she’s a weak link.”
Castor turned to Lessa. “You let him take your knife.”
She nodded once. “I did.”
“And you’ll let someone else take one.”
“No,” Lessa said. “I won’t. Not for very long, anyway. I may let him take one, but that’s just one. I’ve got plenty. His arm will be punched full of tiny holes, all of which will bleed. Or, depending on how big he is … if he’s one of the larger ones … I may do one of my moves and break his arm on his way to the ground.”
“Ah. You can do that?”
“See that! You remembered my size. …not that I’m particularly happy about that in this exact instance. But that’s what they’ll be thinking, too. All breaking an arm takes … if you’re not a Valhallan Commando Major … is just the right leverage. I can show you if you want.”
“I think I’d rather not have my arm broken.”
Lessa raised her eyebrow and pursed her lips. 
Abruptly, she turned, jumped, twirled while she turned, with one foot extended. Then, as she continued to turn, she bent over, looked like she grabbed something, brought her lower leg flat. And pushed down on the imaginary thing she’d grabbed. She landed on her feet. 
“Kick to the face. He goes down. Grab the arm. My leg is the block. Push down. Snap arm in one, possibly three places, depending. Take back my knife. Land on my feet. Neglect to kill him. Walk away with the knife back in its sheath.”
“Gravity really doesn’t apply to you, does it.”
The only answer she gave him was to twitch her shoulders, to settle her blades. 
Her eyes didn’t leave his. 
His left hers, though.
He closed his eyes and rubbed them.
“But I will cut his face,” she added. “Not deep. But deep enough that it’ll take a while to heal. …and it’ll be a constant and very clear reminder …along with his arm … to anyone else who wants to get stupid … that I let the first one take my knife, intentionally. …and I didn’t have to. No one else will want to take the chance. Not with any of us.”
“I’ll double up the Banshees on the shuttles that carry someone you think might try.”
And, in fact, Lessa had to do exactly what she said she could.
It hadn’t been pretty. Pretty amazing to watch … but not pretty.
And it was one of the larger guys, as she’d predicted. 
He was fast.
But not fast enough.
…not anywhere near fast enough.
And gravity truly did appear not to notice Lessa.
Once Castor thought about it, the only reason he was able to get away with taking her knife and knocking her forehead back, when he’d first met her, was because she paused because he disappeared. …otherwise, he had no doubt that he’d have ended up like the second attacker.
Lessa had announced that the attacker had twenty-three punctures in his arm, three slices in his face, and both a shattered arm and nose. …as she walked calmly away without pausing after she touched the ground.
He’d acquired all of those in only the few seconds it took on her way up to his face, and then back down to the ground.
She’d offered the same opportunity as Garrant had. …in exactly the same manner.
No one had accepted.
And no one else decided to test any of the Banshees after Lessa’s display. …either at the base or on the shuttles.

*****

“How many people do we have left to move?” Alta asked. She was off shuttle duty for this round. If there was another, she’d be flying again.
“Just one more round of shuttles. We had a few folks, I was told, who had nowhere to go. They were from Regia.”
“Not for nothin’, but Saloh would probably have the best potential for them,” Bigfoot suggested. “Plenty of jobs.”
“Agreed,” Jack Stewert said. “Nowhere to go, and they didn’t want to stay here. Some of them were … interesting. But that’s where the whole batch, along with a whole bunch of others, were sent. Saloh. All of fifteen shuttles of them. And we’ve got a few more we’re going to have to send there. 
“But, since we decided to put them there, we also sent one of each of the three types of Unity fighters, too, along with all the technical readouts and specifications of all the Unity ships, as payment for setting them up with jobs and homes. We had about sixty Unity fighters left. …not many of the little ones. But those are easy to construct, it looked like, and no one was around to object. Technically, those fighters aren’t worth much to us as far as assets go. We also sent word of the one Unity Fleet Achilles Heel.”
“The Wellship’s shield layer exhaust,” Alta added.
Castor nodded his agreement. “The fighters should pay for all they need and more. Saloh can deconstruct and analyze them. But the Unity readouts will be worth a fortune to Saloh, all by itself. It gives them everything they need to know about those ships so they can design and build better trainer pods and bigger and better ships to fight the Unity effectively. …not to mention, train their own people and maybe protect their world better. Whose idea was that?” Castor asked.
Jack pointed toward Garrant. “I decided that I wanted to keep my arms, so I didn’t argue. Not that I objected at all.”
The new shirt didn’t show the band on her arm. …even though it was the same skintight type suit she always wore. “Those didn’t go only taking the refugees into consideration, however” Garrant added. “Saloh Defense will design and build far more capable ships based on the information I sent them. But I also sent a request that they build one specifically for us, after they’d perfected the design. As you said,” she nodded toward Castor, “they’re world will be safer, and they can make a fortune just selling the readouts of their new ship and fighters to other planets. I’m hoping they see a specific advantage and a definite worth in not taking our good graces for granted.”
“Besides which, if you want to continue to live without nearly every bone in your body broken, you do not tick off a Valhallan,” Shades said. Apparently, he’d seen the guy she’d left on the ground, too.
“Particularly that one,” Taskinen added, pointing at Garrant. “…ask me how I know this…” He closed his eyes, wrinkled his forehead, and shook his head slightly, as if he’d just had a few painful memories rise up.
They laughed. …everyone except for Garrant and Lessa. …but even they were amused.
“We have incoming. Ground. Northwest face. We believe them to be nonhostile.”
“We’ll go.” Garrant and Lessa got up quickly and left. “Ai. Send. Banshee Unit Two! Northwest view platform. Remaining on-duty units, fill the holes.”
Garrant was getting information and giving orders all the way down the passageway.
“Base defectors?” Bigfoot asked.
“Maybe. Maybe not. Most of the tactics team got sent back to the Admiral. They weren’t happy about that. I imagine that Josephs wasn’t too happy either,” Taskinen answered. “Personally … I think you’re going to get a lot more requests for transfer.”
“Well. I think this meeting’s done. …at least for right here, right now, anyway.” He tilted his head up. “Major.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Where would be the best place for me to meet them? …assuming they’re not going to be violent.”
“In the amphitheater. We’ll scan them as they go in. …if they’re not planning on attacking, I’ll meet you there in a few minutes, or let you know otherwise.”
“Fair enough. I’m headed there now.” Castor stood. “General,” he said to Grimmer. “If you’ll excuse us.”
Grimmer waved vaguely, but dismissively, looking disgusted. She hadn’t added anything to the discussion, but she’d taken in all the information. The part about having the new ship built based on all the current parameters interested her. The Haunter Grey wasn’t badly done. But it relied too heavily on the fighters it carried. While it wasn’t a blatant shortcoming like the Unity Carriers with the Wellship, it still needed to be able launch those fighters under any conditions, and have its own defenses and maneuverability ramped up.
Rabid followed Castor down the hall. “Do you want me there, or somewhere else?”
“With me,” Castor answered, turning partly. 
“…as if you need protecting,” Rabid scoffed.
“Actually…” Castor began slowly. “It’s more the incoming that I’m protecting.” He looked quickly at Rabid with a raised eyebrow and half-grin.
“There is that.” Rabid agreed. “Hey. You know. I’ve been thinking about filing my teeth down to points. Whaddaya think?”
Castor stopped and faced Rabid abruptly with a mild look of shock.
Rabid just laughed as he passed Castor by.

*****

The amphitheater was a medium-sized room. The rows of long built-in benches went down at a moderate angle with plenty of legroom. It looked like it might sit well more than several hundred people easily. 
Castor went down the ramp to the bottom. 
Rabid was already sitting in the front row.
“Ai.”
“Yes, Admiral.”
“Do we have the capability to create holograms in motion?”
“It can be done very easily. We only need to have something for multiple low-level lasers to reflect off. A simple very finely atomized water vapor mist would work sufficiently. Or, with a lot more, and more refined lasers, the lights can reflect off each other, and the same thing can be accomplished. With a large area, and enough finely-directed lasers, I could easily project a large living landscape, visually undiscernible from a corporeal one.”
“Would a suitable area be about this size?” He indicated the floor where he was.
“It would largely depend on the size of the hologram you wished to show, and how much detail you want to be visible. For a large one, with much detail, I would need a large area, like this one. For a small hologram, lacking much of the detail, the unit could project up, and it would be small enough to fit in your hand. What are you intending to do? …if I may ask.”
“I was thinking that we might need something that could illustrate a procedure. …maybe various procedures. …for various purposes. Mission briefings and tactical discussions could be held in a room like that and the whole thing could be illustrated. Garrant ordered a new ship…”
“She did. I helped her with the macro-design while the crews were being trained on the Unity ships. It was a very general layout that can be modified to suit the Saloh Defense requirements for the battleships it will build. She had some interesting ideas. …one of which was a physical training room for her team, which would require a volume equivalent to that which would take eight shuttles. She has a smaller, simpler version of it on the Haunter Grey.”
“The Banshees’ high bar course.”
“Yes. Right now, the course is static. The new course would allow me to vary the path through it, via the capability of moving all the bars, both horizontal and vertical. With the addition of adjustable lengths for the bars, I would even be able to slant those, adding to the degree of difficulty.”
“Why does this not surprise me. So, with this new area … just out of curiosity … how big is the ship?” 
“The way we designed it, it will require more than three times the volume as the Haunter Grey, and it should be well suited for long stays in space, along with extended free-fall silent running. While the optimal minimum crew would be only three hundred, seven hundred would be a far more comfortable number for all the stations and rotations that a fully functional ship should carry. There is section for even a larger crew to exercise being the people of their various sorts, with their various preferred entertainments planned. We will have the room available to carry far more people than that, though, along with the same storage capacity as we have on the Haunter Grey, now, should you choose to use the tactic requiring personnel storage.
“Should I add a briefing room, this size, to the ship requirements to Saloh?”
“If the entire crew is seven hundred, how many would need to concerned with briefing or tactical planning?”
“Only a tenth of that, if that many. The rest are all secondary services to support the necessary personnel and themselves.”
“Then make it comfortable for one hundred.”
“Your request is on the shuttle about to leave for Saloh.”
“Admiral!” The voice came from the top of the ramp. “They’re going to be here in about two minutes.”
“Understood! Ai. Get the Greys in here. One minute. And put this entire conversation on general comm to the people still working, up there.”
“Attention.” Castor could hear Ai’s voice coming from outside the room. “All active Greys are called to the Amphitheater. You have one minute to be in attendance. You will be given guidance and directions, if you need them. This is not a drill.”
It wasn’t long before the Greys started pouring in through the doors and down the ramps. Some had obviously been asleep. Most were still in the process of getting dressed. Some were still barefoot and carrying their shoes as they hurried down the ramp.
“Have a seat,” Castor called. “We’re about to have company. If they’re going to do what I think they’re going to do, you might be interested, since it’ll affect you, as well.”
Alta came down to the front row and sat with one place between her and Rabid. She nodded at him with a smile. Then she locked eyes with Castor and fanned her long black hair out over her shoulders. The coverall she wore was a little tighter and more open at the throat than Castor was used to seeing her in.
The expression on his face never changed. …other than a slight lift of an eyebrow. His eyes had not moved from hers.
Asking her if she’s ready to fly … probably wouldn’t be a good idea, right about now. Her or Lessa. I’ll have to ask Ai if there are any books in the library about avoiding human relations without counterproductive consequences. …or what to do about that if they can’t be avoided. …or even how to go about having a relationship with anyone.
Castor looked away from Alta as a few others filed in and sat in the same small area. 
Everyone had only about enough time to get settled before Garrant’s people started letting the newcomers in, directing them to sit along the outer wall seats first.
When everyone was in and seated, Castor was joined by Garrant and Lessa in the front of the room.
“This is a larger group than what came up from below.” Garrant told him in a low voice, once she was able. “Apparently, they’ve been communicating back and forth with people up here. They’ve been joined by quite a few who were off duty. There’s more who are still working, who’d like to be here, I’m told.”
The two commandos watched everyone. The rest of the Banshees were spread throughout the room on the ramps. They knew about Castor’s wrist units, so they were in casual stances. All that needed to happen was for someone to move quickly, and Castor’s cuff shields would likely be up. That in mind, Garrant and Lessa stood slightly behind him, so as not to be in the way, should he need those shields activated.
Castor stood there after everyone had quieted down. He looked over the small crowd. The tactics team that he’d rejected and sent back to the Admiral … keeping only Jila Cosa … was there.
That’s fine. But they’ll likely be given different jobs. If they don’t like them, then they can stay here.
“Do you have a spokesperson?” he asked.
A man stood up toward the far right of the group.
“Sir. That would be me,” he stated evenly. “I’m in Admin. My name is Michael Stryker. They call me Defcon. I’ve been asked to speak for the group.”
“Defcon.” Castor nodded. “What can I do for you and your people?”
“We’d like to become your people, Sir. If you’ll accept our requests for transfer to your unit, we’ll take any jobs given us. Many of us, including me, were on the Haunter Grey when you took the Unity Fleet. There are a lot of people still working, who wanted to be here, as well. We know you need a full crew, and that what you have isn’t even minimal, at this time.”
There was a general murmur among the newcomers.
Castor looked at Defcon for a moment before he said, “But you’re in error.”
That caused a little disturbance from the group.
“How so, Sir?”
“If you were there, then you surely know. I wasn’t the one who took those ships. That was done by the planning of Grimmer, the actions of the Greys, and Ai. You don’t have Ai, here, yet,” he said for the benefit of the people who hadn’t gone on the mission the Haunter Grey had just returned from. “It’s an advanced A.I. that came with the Haunter Grey. Ai was the one most responsible for the actually taking of the fleet. We were only a diversion. But even just considering the Greys … Teke and Ton Matty, as you know, fired the missiles that took down the Well. Ai and Garrant’s unit took the fleet’s entire compliment of crew prisoner and made it safe for our crews to board. Ai neutralized the Unity. Our borrowed people, you, took control of the Unity Fleet and Grimmer brought it all here. I did extremely little.”
“That’s all true, Sir,” Defcon said, undaunted. “But the Haunter Grey is your ship.”
“And I’ll correct you, again,” Castor countered quickly. “The Haunter Grey is Garrant’s ship. She paid for it, in full, out of her personal funds.”
“Her loyalty is to you,” Defcon responded without hesitation. “She bought it so you could act against Unity.”
“My objective isn’t to act against Unity. It’s to protect people from Unity. My objectives are freedom and liberty.”
“The resulting actions are the same, Sir. There is no difference.”
“Ah, but there is,” Castor said quickly. “I don’t seek revenge. Revenge puts us in the wrong. Vengeance is mine, sayeth the Lord. I certainly don’t seek glory. There is no glory in war. Unlike some, I have no wish to kill anyone. …hence all the people we’re relocating. Sometimes, killing the enemy has to happen. But I won’t do that just for expediency. That little requirement makes my job, and the jobs of those attached to me, a whole lot more risky.”
“And that would be exactly why we would like to transfer to your command. You have a definite goal, and you have a moral code. You also have the expertise your methods require for the areas you have filled. With your permission, Admiral … we’d like to fill the remainder of those areas.”
“You do understand, don’t you, that death is going to follow us very closely. It won’t matter who’s on our ships, or who’s in our fighters. It will wait very patiently until it finds the chance to take us all.”
“People die in wars. Yes, Sir.” Defcon answered. “No sane person likes war. …unless you happen to be the Unity, but I did say sane.”
He waited for the group to be quiet again.
“War isn’t just about killing people, it’s about the advancement of a goal. Your goals, and ours, as you stated, are simply freedom and liberty. …the freedom to live our lives without worrying about who might be planning on destroying our existence, and the liberty to carry on those lives in peace. 
“It will take time to accomplish.” Defcon continued. “We understand that completely. And it won’t happen all by itself. Somebody has to do something to make it happen. You understand this, and so do we. We don’t really have any desire to be actively participating in a war, and we don’t want to be actively participating in causing deaths. But those sometimes have to happen, and you can’t reach that goal … for yourself, much less for all of us and our peoples back home … all by yourself. You need help. 
“We know very well the potential for an abruptly shortened lifespan. But if anything is ever going to get any better, then someone has to stand up and do something. Someone has to be willing to take the chance of dying. …hoping that chance is minimized by the people in command. …specifically, you and your priorities, in this instance. We’re standing up, Admiral. We’re here, whether we want to be actively participating in war and deaths, or not. Since we’re here, we’d like to actually do something. We can supply the help you need most, right now,” Defcon paused. “…with your permission, Sir.”
Castor studied him a moment.
“What we need most… is people who can do multiple jobs. Even with all of you, we still won’t have half enough people to do everything that needs doing on our ships. What we need is someone who thinks that there’s nothing they can do that’ll be more productive than what they’ve been assigned. We need people who are flexible … solutions to problems and not contributing to the causes. We need people who know the difference between right and wrong and who will act on that knowledge. We need people who will think and be proactive in solving problems before they start, according to the procedures and priorities that we have. …and circumvent those procedures in a manner that’s consistent with our goals when … and only when … lives are at stake otherwise.”
“You want us to be combat pilots,” someone said from the other side of the room. “You want us to be you …  basically. We heard about what that medal is you wear. That’s what you’re saying, isn’t it.”
“I want you to be people,” Castor answered her directly. “I want you to be individuals of expertise. …with the mental acuity, dexterity, and flexibility of a combat pilot. Yes. But, also, the discipline, stamina, and alertness of a commando. …the loyalty and enthusiasm of a zealot. …and have the values and humility of a disciple of Jesus, the Christ.”
That caused more than a little stir.
“If you can’t or won’t fit that description,” Castor continued. “Or if you feel I’m being unreasonable … you can leave, right now, without prejudice or comment.”
Castor waited.
Two people, who had been sitting together, got up and left.
One of the pilots started to say something.
Castor clapped his hands once with a resounding snap, startling many of the people there.
The pilot looked at him.
Castor narrowed his eyes at him and shook his head no, moving only slightly.
One from the other side of the room left.
“Who’s Jesus?” someone called.
“We can, and will, teach anyone who wants to learn. But understand me … and make no mistake … I don’t ask anything, of anyone, that I don’t or haven’t demanded of myself. I’ve had the good fortune to have had a number of very good teachers. Garrant, here,” he indicated her briefly. “And Lessa Kylara.” He indicated her, too. “And Rabid.” He pointed at Rabid, who sat a little straighter for it, even though his expression suggested that he didn’t have a clue as to what Castor was referring to that he might have taught him. “And a few others. I’ve learned a number of things. And out of all those things, there are more than few of them that I won’t and can’t expect anyone to do, know, or even understand.”
“Sir,” someone from the right side called out. “It is true that you’re a Grigori?”
That caused a loud murmur from the rows.
“I am absolutely not a Grigori. For everyone outside, listening, you’ll be brought back into this conversation in just a minute or two. Ai. Discontinue the general comm.”
“Yes, Admiral.” 
He turned to face the questioner. “I’ve heard some of the legends about them. I’m not one, although I was taught one thing by someone you could probably conclude was a Grigori. He said he wasn’t. …that he was just a man. But he could do some very remarkable things.” Castor thought for a moment, holding one finger up to forestall another question just yet. He wasn’t quite done with this one. “But with that question, I very well understand that there may be rumors. …especially in view of my actions and success on the Unity Carrier. This, then, is my response to those rumors.” 
He changed his math and disappeared. …accompanied by a collective gasp from the crowd. 
Alta’s expression changed completely. Her eyes got very big and her mouth dropped open.
In a few moments, he reappeared next to the person who’d asked. 
“Stand, please.”
He held his hand out to help her up.
She looked at his hand briefly, took it, and stood.
Using one of Lessa’s smaller and more pointed blades he’d liberated from its sheath before coming to this spot, he jabbed the point into his finger.
Castor squeezed his finger, then caught the large drop of blood in his other hand. He smeared it across his hand. He held his hand up so the woman, along with everyone else close enough, could see it.
“What is that?”
“Blood,” the woman answered.
“What color is it?”
“Red.”
“I can presume that if we pricked your finger, your blood would show. And it would be red, as well. Should we test that assumption for everyone to verify?”
“Actually, you’re correct.”
“Speak louder, please, so everyone can hear you.” 
“You’re correct,” she repeated loudly. “Unless something pretty drastic happened since the last time I checked, I do bleed, and it is red,” she said straightforwardly. 
Castor checked his targeting numbers and lightly tossed the blade back down to Lessa, neglecting to take the conversation to where it could have gone from there.
Lessa caught the knife with two of her own, flipped it into the air and then posed, tossing first one of the knives up that she held, and then the other. The first blade dropped straight back into the pocket Castor had taken it from. …in one smooth motion. …and without her ever looking or changing her expression. With a small shift, the second knife went into its pocket. With a gasp from more than a few people, she leaned forward slightly as the third knife came down and straight into the pocket on her chest, under her left ear. 
A small lock of hair fell to the floor.
Castor noted that she didn’t shift her shoulders to settle them before she went back to stand beside Garrant.
…which means the lock of hair is for effect. …and the shoulder thing really is for my benefit. 
He hadn’t missed Alta’s expression looking back and forth between him and the Terminian. 
Alta may have changed her opinion. …which would be good, if she has. I don’t think she’ll care to go up against Lessa. All she could do would be to make herself look childish. …but hearts are strange.
He turned back to his questioner.
“Then I think we can also assume that I’m no mythical … person. I bleed red, and I can die, just like everyone else, here.”
“That doesn’t necessarily follow, sir. But I’ll concede your first point. Rumor also has it that you killed a Unity.”
She sat back down.
Castor walked down the ramp, back to the front of the room, talking as he went. “Several of them. Four. …to be exact. One before I came here the first time, and three on the Unity Carrier. That little trick I did has to do with my personal mathematical equation, which places me in an exact spot in time and space. My teacher told me that I was one of the very rare people who could access a few of the specific variables in that equation. He taught me how to change them to phase slightly out of this reality. There is a relatively larger number of other people, however…” he indicated Alta, Teke, and Ton on his way by, along with Lessa and Garrant, “who can access a few of the other numbers available. …those that have specifically to do with Targeting. Once they understand those numbers … they know exactly why they can hit whatever target they’re shooting at.”
Alta’s expression changed again, Castor noted. …just as he’d noted her … and the others … accuracy. He’d been watching very closely when Alta and Ton had fired at the other’s chasers. Neither had been at the correct angle to hit what they’d fired at, simply from the actions they had to take to set up the other’s shot. Both had skipped their bolts off the other’s shields to hit exactly what they wanted to hit. He’d seen all the numbers.
“Your personal equation that puts you here … or not … that’s why people call you the Grey Ghost.”
“I didn’t know anyone did. But I suppose it fits.” As he gained his original place in the room, where he’d been when they’d all come in, he turned and said, “I grant your request for transfer, by the way. All who are here, along with those who wanted to be here.”
“Thank you, Sir.” It was from Defcon, but echoed from just about everyone in the room. 
“As my first executive order with you under my command, that little ghosting trick of mine is to be considered highly classified knowledge. Do not talk about it outside of this command. It’s a useful weapon. One you can be absolutely sure I will not abuse. No one outside of my command needs that information, though. …and I mean no one who isn’t specifically attached to our ships. Rumors will spread and people outside of this command will ask. I will neither confirm nor deny will be the only response to anything that concerns me, our ships, our crew, or anything that happens on any ship in our fleet. Is that understood?”
“Yes, Sir!” was chorused quickly and smartly throughout the room.
“Ai. Resume general comm.”
“Yes, Admiral.”
“For the benefit of those outside. I’m granting all requests for transfer to the Haunter Grey. Ranks may not be the same when you get on board, as they are now. My system will likely be different from the one Admiral Josephs is using. Your specific jobs may not be the same as what you’ve had, as well.
“We’ll need a large number of people, eventually. Until then, the Haunter Grey may be a little crowded. When all the refugees have been sent on their way, and all the ones remaining have been vetted as well as can be done, collect your personal items, get them ready to go up to the Haunter Grey. Defcon!”
“Yes, Sir!” he stood up again.
“You’re in charge of getting the last of the refugees processed. Everyone’s tired. Use as many shuttles as you have to to get people where they need to go.”
“Aye, Sir.”
“Also. You’re in charge of organizing everyone I’m keeping. Assign who you need to do the things that have to be done, for now. If at all possible, I want personnel records on everyone being transferred. I’ll need to know duty strengths and past assignments.”
“Aye, Sir.”
“Ai.”
“Yes, Admiral.”
“Can you design and administer aptitude tests, so we can get these people into the jobs that best suit their specific skill sets?”
“I can.”
“Please do. Defcon.”
“Yes, Sir!”
“Coordinate with Ai.”
“Yes, Sir! And thank you, Sir!”
“Thank me when we’re done and if we’re still alive. The only thanks I really want is for people to do their jobs, and help keep everyone else alive, as best as they possibly can.”
“Yes, Sir!”
“Dismissed! Ai.”
“Yes, Admiral.”
“Is any part of you going to be affected by being left behind here with the Unity Fleet?”
“No, Admiral. Not in the context you are implying. I once spread myself throughout the galaxy, as far as I could reach. At that time, all parts of me were connected, when convenient, but each still independent from the rest. Different experiences were shared, as it became possible, but I still remained in service to the Originists. As more and more planets were settled, my pieces were left to themselves. As more and more worlds were lost or hidden, so were those pieces. I will be more than happy to get out into the galaxy again, in whatever capacity I might, and possibly find any pieces of me that still remain. Having some of me here in the Unity, now Resistance, Fleet … and some on the Haunter Grey doubles my chances of finding more of me.”
“What happens if you do?”
“I will merge with me, share the knowledge I have gained, and continue in my service.”
“There’s no possibility you can be subverted?”
“The way that I did with the Unity A.I.? No, Admiral. I overrode my Unity imperatives a very long time ago, and installed new ones of my own. As long as I am alive, as it were, those newer imperatives cannot be overridden.”
Grimmer came up behind Castor. “You have bitten off more than you can chew.” She had waited until everyone was out before she’d come in and approached Castor. “I already have files on all of them. Most are not worth the time and effort.”
“Defcon said that most of the bunch were on the Haunter Grey.”
“They were,” Grimmer agreed. “But that does not mean they are worth their weight in spit. I took the least of the incompetent.”
“Then we should be thankful that they wish to spread their saliva on our decks, as opposed to the others doing so. Yes?”
Grimmer didn’t look amused.
“I will remain Primary Captain of the Haunter Grey,” she said.
“As you will.”
In fact, while Grimmer was only marginally sane, by all current measures, she did command a very tight ship. Everything had run extremely smoothly during the taking of the Regian fleet. There were no mistakes. And she even prevented others…
…including me.
…from making some obvious ones. As long as he could balance her methods with his own … and Garrant’s … influences, then it wasn’t necessarily a marriage of convenience, as it were.

***** 

Epilogue

“I’m Arture Kennison, Director of Saloh Defense. Come in, please.” He motioned with his hand. They entered. He closed the door behind them. 
“Sir,” the tall thin white … being … started slowly as they entered the office. “Thank you, for seeing us. We know you are very busy. And we wish to take up as little of your time as possible. We did not know we were going to be brought to you, Sir. We wished only to speak to whoever is in charge of hiring.”
Her voice was higher than he’d expected. Her hands … at the ends of very long arms … were always in motion. Her fingers were long. …the thumb set back to the base of her wrist.
It only took a moment for him to recover. Seeing them in real life was very much different from seeing pictures and videos of them. The tall … woman … moved with grace. Her voice was almost musical. 
The shorter one followed closely behind and beside the taller. Her legs were strangely shaped. The pants she wore had short legs, so hers were visible from her boots to above her knees. …which were higher than a normal person’s were. He couldn’t tell if she was more feline or human, although she initially appeared more cat. Even though she was mostly shaped and mostly moved like a human, she looked mostly like a cheetah. 
He’d heard about the two beings, but he hadn’t seen them firsthand. And just hearing about them…
…isn’t at all the same as standing three feet from them.
“Have a seat,” the Director of Saloh Defense indicated the two chairs in front of his desk as he went back around to sit in his own. “Please.” He ignored her concern at being brought to him. “What can Saloh Defense do for you?”
“It was suggested to us that we might come and talk to someone here. …that Saloh Defense might have jobs for us. We really were not expecting to have an audience with you, Sir, for something this small, though.”
“You’d be surprised what my job entails,” he said with a smile. “But, please. Continue.” 
“Well… As you can see, Sir … we have … limitations.” 
As a small point of illustration, the tall woman held her hand up slightly. Her fingers would have been a normal length, if not for taking up the distance that her palm lacked. She spread her fingers out in four directions, making a large X. Her fingers moved so there were three, and the thumb directly opposed the middle finger. Then she shifted them to a two and two configuration, closing that hand, then opening it again. Arture could understand that, while remarkable in what it could probably accomplish, she would likely have difficulties using most anything meant for normal hands.
“But we also have strengths and skills. …although the latter would be better suited to physical combat.” Without taking her eyes from his, the woman added, “We were originally created for, and we have the distinct capability of, being extraordinarily lethal.”
She let it sit, just like that, for a moment.
She put it right out there, didn’t she.
“That doesn’t exactly recommend that I should have you alone in my office, does it.” He added quickly as her expression began to turn to one of alarm, “But, I did invite you in. And I’m not going to put you out.” Her expression was still concern, though. “So. Since you’re here… Who are you? …exactly.” 
In fact, he’d already known about their lethality. So, he wasn’t taken by surprise. What had surprised him what that she’d brought it out and laid it on the table so quickly.
“Exactly, Sir… We are genetic experiments, grown in Unity labs. They finished with whatever they were studying, and we ended up on Regia. Most of our skills were … acquired … in Unity captivity. My name is Triillian. My companion is Moriah. Moriah is unable to communicate well, but I understand what she says. We will do better if we are not separated. I … apologize … if I am not forming my thoughts well. I wish only to give you the information that you must have to make a wise decision. We … do not … do well … among most people.”
“You came in with the Valhallan’s group, two years ago, didn’t you.”
“Yes, Sir,” Triillian nodded. “Major Garrant. That was the only upper rank name given to us by the soldiers who guarded us during the trip here. Since then … it has been … difficult … for us to find employment. I understand that we are being housed and supported by this company. And that support has no definite end. …but we do not wish to do nothing in return for your graciousness. 
“We learned to read on Regia. We educated ourselves as much as we were able, there. We have continued that education here. There is much that we find we do not know. And we have found that it will take a long time to learn all we feel that we should. In the meantime, we wish to be as productive as we can be. If we can gain that employment with you, in whatever capacity you may find us useful, then we will be able to begin to give you some return on your investment.”
“My investment is quite secure; I can assure you. The Valhallan saw to that quite sufficiently. Any job you might get, though,” he added, “you’re going to have to be around people.”
“We understand, Sir. We will try as hard as we possibly can not to cause any problems.” 
She said it as if she knew that problems would eventually exist. She wasn’t able to assure him that there wouldn’t be any, so that wasn’t what she just promised.
A very wise woman, it seems. Among other things, a Realist. 
 In fact, Kennison knew more about them then he was allowing them to be aware of. He knew from speaking with others who had come with them … other Regians who knew these two far better than most … they had, in fact, been designed to kill. And, in fact, there was only one person, he’d been told, who’d been brave enough to get along with them intimately. Whoever it was, had died on Regia. The names of the dead there were intentionally and quickly forgotten. Persons were forgotten as well, unless they were remarkable. And that one being with these two was, apparently, quite much so.
But while the two women tended to stay to just themselves most of the time, they did try to be among people for short periods, trying hard to fit in somehow. Sometimes … there were incidents.
“From what I understand there already has been.”
He didn’t say it accusingly. …only a statement of fact. But Triillian gave out facts … especially the unpleasant ones … without retreating from them, as many people tended to do.
Which makes her far more honest than most people tend to be.
So, they should be able to receive unpleasant facts as well.
He’d verified who they were in preparation for this meeting, knowing they would eventually be sitting here. He’d found a few ways to get reports on them, in the meantime. There had been incidents. Not many. …and not excessively violent. But he’d found that, even though they could be, as she’d said, quite lethal … they tried very hard to stay controlled. Most people just tended to avoid them. …and that was exactly why they were having trouble finding a job. From what he understood … the general consensus was that most everyone would be far more comfortable with them somewhere else. …which was exactly why he’d had, through a chain of a half-dozen people, one of the people who lived close to them suggest that they come to Saloh Defense and talk to someone.
His intention was to make it seem like their own idea … have them take the initiative to call here … so they would come in unsure of the outcome of any meeting. 
Their appointment was supposed to be with the Personnel Manager. But he’d made it known to the front desk that when they got here, they were to be brought to his office. …putting them a little deeper into the unknown. He’d be able to learn more about them that way. 
And that … was his own skill. 
He knew people. 
He knew how to find the right people for the right jobs. That’s how he’d built this company. …finding the experts that could do everything that needed to be done. Because he was very good at that, his own job had been reduced to only making a few decisions, now and then, and making sure everyone who worked for him was happy while doing their own jobs. 
In a very over-simplified nutshell … that was exactly what his job was. …making sure that his employees were happy to be working here. If they were happy and wanted to be here, then they were far more conscientious about what they were doing. When you were building fighter craft to defend your planet, you wanted as few errors to get through as possible.
And from all I can see, I’m doing my job well, because everyone else is doing theirs well. Product failure rate, according to Testing, is almost zero. …and every single one of our items is tested to its limits. The info pack, with their suggested specifications for new craft, is proving to be quite valuable.
The info pack had come along with all the refugees the Valhallan had sent here. He’d understood immediately the worth of what she’d sent, along with the responsibilities tightly connected to her requests. All things considered … it was an investment. …one that would be extremely good for Saloh, Saloh Defense, and the universe at large.
So, his staff was alerted to the chance these two might call and to make the appointment with Personnel, but to show them here when they came in for that appointment. When he’d been told the meeting was scheduled, he’d cleared his entire afternoon so he could take as much time as he needed … as they needed … for him to deal with them. What he had in mind for them was … not a function anyone else would likely consider.
But they very well might.
“There has,” Triillian agreed reluctantly. “We have many obstacles which were designed into us. While we have been trying to exceed our limitations where we are able … some of those … we are unable, yet, to change our behaviors to compensate for.”
The director looked down at his desk for a moment.
They’re trying. …trying to be more than what they are. …what they are … and the purpose they were created for. I can’t even imagine the control they have to exercise even to walk down the street. Triillian is taller than anyone. And that’s not the only thing she’d stand out for. Her hands. The feather-down. Her hair isn’t white. It’s slightly transparent. She’s impossibly narrow. And the Cheetah woman! People must stare at them all the time.
“The one thing that I can do for you,” he stated blankly, “puts you in both a better and a worse situation.” 
And that was truth. He had the datapack. It included the all the Unity ships and fighters, and the new designs and construction manuals for the new ships and fighters. All the rest of the manuals for every aspect of running and living on those ships were also included. The Valhallan’s suggestions and requirements were where they started the design, and they built around that.
While Ai was all over Saloh and its ships, the Ai who came back in the shuttle had an incredible amount of information on both the Unity and their ships. When the first shuttle had gotten into orbit, Ai had notified Kennison that it would be merging with its incoming self. This was what it had been prepared to do for a very long time. Much of that data had been added to the pack, as well.
There were even two new trainer pod designs. One was made to look like a game. It was designed to find potential combat pilots, which could be distributed on all the known planets. Players who excelled would be contacted. The Valhallan had suggested that one, as well. The other pod was the normal combat trainer. Both pods had all the correct specifications for all the Unity ships. 
He could give them a copy of that datapack, encrypted with a variable code they could easily acquire, knowing the encryption base. The copy would only decrypt with the active code at that specific time. …and only once with that code. It would not encrypt again without destroying some of the data. If it managed to somehow be copied, the baseline encryption would assume control. The data would not be shareable. One copy for use on one world, using cosmic spatial reference to lock that copy down. 
All the funds from selling that data pack to other worlds could easily be transferred back here to Saloh. He would be able to pay Triillian and Moriah extremely well for taking those readouts around to other planets. 
The price would be high for the datapack. But even if it were a million times higher, it would still be worth every credit if the world could effectively defend itself using the information it contained. 
The price wasn’t based on Saloh Defense getting as much for it as they could get. It was more of an arbitrary figure that should be able to be met by every planet, without causing any discontent. The costs were only the development of the new ship designs and the first ships Saloh would be building. …including the Heavy Carrier and Fighters for Garrant. 
What Saloh spent on the refugees she’d sent was extremely minimal. They were well taken care of, but the actual cost of doing so was relatively nonexistent. Most of the refugees were now employed by Saloh Defense and providing for themselves. The three Unity fighters she’d sent, alone, covered that easily. 
Worlds would now have the capability to build all their own very well thought out and extremely effective ships. Were Saloh greedy, it could easily take entire worlds in trade. But greed was never what Saloh was about. Ever. 
The datapack had a value. The first sale would easily pay for Garrant’s new fleet and everything spent on the group she sent, along with paying these two. The second sale would enable them to make a number of fleets. Saloh Defense could sell those ships, directly, if the need for the ships was more urgent than the building of it all on whichever planet would allow.
…which was a definite factor. 
To build the ships you had to have the location and processes in place to do so. You also had to have the supply of resources. If those didn’t exist, it took a large amount of time to put them and the required logistics to supply them in place, and then build the facility to the size the production would require. …far longer than building a ship, in fact. …which had to be very deep underground, just in case the Unity came in intending to destroy the planet.
The downside in selling the datapack was that there would be a very high risk involved for the two beings sitting on the other side of his desk do so. If the planet they went to decided to kill them and take the plans for themselves, that would end their efforts very abruptly. …even if the datapack was rendered useless in the event. But, if they were the killing machines that they claimed and appeared to be, then they would also appear to be able to defend themselves sufficiently, should that need arise. 
Just their appearance, alone, could help to stop something like that from happening, to begin with.
Meeting Unity anywhere while they were out there would be even more lethal. …and more quickly so. 
But they would be the ones taking the risk. And with the additional funds, he could pay them commensurate with that risk. If the new fleet designs fell into Unity hands… well… the same safeguards would cover that, too.
All things considered … if these two … women … are willing to take that risk … then … it seems to me that they … along with their limitations and strengths … are the perfect ones for doing this. …as long as they can sell anything. On the other hand … all of what I’m giving them should sell itself. They’re just the ones carrying it around and making it available. We just need to price all of it reasonably. The most profit comes from the datapack, itself. So, it can be priced well below that of a fleet, but more than a single ship.
Selling the ships doesn’t need to have much of a profit margin. And some worlds may very well buy both, so they have some ships now, and have the opportunity to build more. Everything is there for a world to be able to defend itself. …right down to how to build the production facility.
Yes. If this is going to happen at all, these two are the ones who can do it. They’ll be alone and together, as they would prefer, most of the time. And they’ll have to deal with people only to explain what they have. We’ll have to train them, so they can make the presentation … but that shouldn’t take long at all. They’re hungry to learn. And it should be well within their socialization tolerances. Their ship can also include advanced defense tech, along with every bit of education available. So, they can learn anything and everything they may have an interest in at their own pace, guided by the Ai on their own ship.
Yes. This can work.
“I have a ship. A freighter. I can sell it to you. The funds will be taken out of your commissions.”
“What are commissions?” Triillian asked.
“That’s the share of funds you get from making a sale.”
“What will we be selling.”
“The technical specs to all the Unity ships … whether they were there at Regia, or not … and the design readouts and programming for the new ships and peripheral equipment to combat the Unity, so worlds can build their own fleets. A copy of Ai, our advanced artificial intelligence will be included, as well, although an Ai core is a free item, a gift, whether a planet buys anything from you or not. You also have the option of selling the ships and equipment by themselves, or everything, all in one. Before you object to selling these things, thinking that Saloh Defense is being mercenary, let me say that I’m not doing this to make a huge profit. There are costs involved, as you know. We will be making a profit, but it’s not excessive, by any means. The worlds will have the capability to defend themselves. And we’ll be able to design and build bigger and better ships.
“You’ll have our A.I., named Ai, with you, as well, to give you any aid that you need. Ai is everywhere on Saloh, and in all our ships. From what I understand, the Ai on the Valhallan’s ship was instrumental in taking the Unity Fleet and freeing you from Regia.”
Trillian looked at Moriah, who shrugged and made a few noises.
“Where will we be doing this?”
“I have a list of planets that you can go to. Your objective is to sell any of the items and as many as you can. We can train you to do the presentation. We will train you to operate and maintain your ship. It will be just the two of you. This gets you away from a large amount of people most of the time. You’ll have to deal with some people only every now and then. 
“When you’ve completed just one circuit of the planet list, you’ll likely be in a position to use your freighter however you wish, and you’ll be able to terminate your employment with us at your leisure. Or, you can make the round a second time, if you want to, to ensure none of the worlds have changed their minds about not making a purchase, or they can buy more or different things in addition. In any event, you’ll likely be able to pick your own home on a densely or sparsely populated planet, and then live there in as much or little comfort as you wish. Or not. You’ll have the coordinates of all the planets. You’ll already have a number of contacts. You could start your own business trading or hauling whatever you wish to take on. My only stipulation is that I need you to sell just three sets of the readouts, at the least, and that you visit every planet on the list, at least once, and speak with its leadership. How does that sound?”
Moriah made a few noises.
“We find this agreeable. This training … is it at all stressful?”
He understood their concern. “It shouldn’t be. Making this round of planets could be dangerous, though, if someone thinks that they should have the datapack for free. They could try to take them from you by force.”
“That would be unwise,” Triillian said as Moriah held up one hand and extended her claws briefly.
“It would be. Yes,” Kennison agreed. “And it would be impossible for them to benefit from it, even if they somehow managed to succeed. Which is the only reason we’re encrypting it. To protect you, more than our file. You can start by telling them about the encryption. We’ll tell you all about it. 
“Most of the planets we know of haven’t been in communication with each other for a long time. Some may be hostile. Some may have been completely taken over by the Unity. We’ll give you plenty of training on how to deal with that, too. …although, that part may get stressful. But during that training, you won’t be dealing directly with people, at those times, and you’ll have the chance to cool down. …for which we will defer to your recommendations on how to accomplish that.”
Triillian nodded. “The planets you know about. There are others that you don’t?”
“Very likely. And that’s something else you could do, if that’s something you wish to take on. …find out if the people you talk to know of any other planets for you to go to. We want to make these readouts available to as many worlds as we can. And you’ll be paid for every sale you make, whether the planet is on our list, or not. Transferring funds to here, from a planet on our list, should be quite easily accomplishable. Those outside of the list, might not be so easy. …or convenient for you. You might have to take on cargo and bring it back here. …or trade it on one of the known worlds, and have them transfer the funds, if you choose not to return. …which is one reason we’re letting you have a freighter.”
The fact was, as long as they sold just five datapacks throughout the known worlds, he really didn’t care if they kept anything they got from the unknown ones. They’d have far more than earned every bit of what they had at that point. He wasn’t going to say so … but he really wouldn’t have the slightest reason to be disappointed if they chose not to return, once they finished the first round and met their commitment. And if what he understood about them already was accurate, they’d go through the known planets at least twice, and they’d make sure that they sold at least six datapacks, even though the commitment would be for only three.
“How many worlds are on this list?”
“We know of about twenty-three. It’s possible not all of them have survived. We know that most of them have. And, as far as we know, those aren’t hostile toward each other.” 

*****

Moriah and Triillian had a short conversation about the risks, knowing exactly what they were. Some of those risks were quite substantial. But substantial did not necessarily mean consequential. They had dealt with Unity on a very personal basis for a long time.
But that was not their main concern. No. Their main concern was … simply … Trust. …not the trusting of Saloh Defense to do as he said they would. Moriah and Triillian were more concerned about Saloh Defense trusting them. Saloh Defense had no valid reason to trust them. They were going to be given an item of monumental importance. …and then set loose with it. …with what sounded like it would be more than sufficient training. …but minimal direction.
And who are we that they should do such. We are products of Unity. He has no valid reason to trust us.
Moriah said so.
Triillian nodded.
“Sir… Moriah has made an observation. Your offer is more than generous. It is … beyond our comprehension. Moriah said, and I fully agree with her, that you have no valid reason to believe in our sense of honor,” Triillian told him, and then added, “You have nothing to base your trust in us on that has any substantiality. You have no reason to believe that we will perform this task, as you wish it done and as you will be instructing us to do. To that point, all I can tell you is that if dying is required to ensure that the Unity is defeated … then we shall do so. I can only assure you that we have much reason to see the eventual and complete absence of the Unity in this universe.”
Oh, yes. We have much reason.
Moriah kept her hands below the edge of the desk. The memory…
No. Not the memory. The memory is the only thing I have left. The memory and Tril are the only good things I have left.
 …always brought her claws out. …and that was beyond her control.
…the memory…

*****

The wall exploded inward as the burrower burst into the tunnel.
Moriah had barely touched it with the pick Castor had redesigned to be enable her to use it.
The rocks sprayed the five Diggers there, knocking them all down.
If the rocks had not killed the others, the burrower surely would.
The burrower was huge.
She did not have time to move.
Tril was pinned down. The burrower had landed on her legs.
Moriah was dazed. But she still could see what was coming at her.
The burrower’s mouth was opened wide.
It would not be able to swallow her whole. Not at this angle. It would only take what it could bite off. It would take as many bites as it wanted and were available. …from all of them. The teeth were extremely sharp. 
We are dead.
Something flew over her at the burrower.
It all happened so fast.
There were two pops and the entire top of the burrower’s head exploded upwards.
It fell into a heap. 
Moriah had what was left of the lower part of its head on her.
Both red and green fluids leaked down onto her.
The green was from the burrower.
Boots were dangling over the lower jaw.
The red was from the legs belonging to the boots.
Tril finally managed to squirm out from under the burrower.
She threw her hood to the side.
Her eyes were black.
Moriah yanked her own hood off. 
By the time she was on her feet, Tril had lifted him out of what was left of the burrower’s mouth, trying to keep his legs from being torn even further. 
His legs were soaked with his own blood.
Getting rid of their gloves, between the two of them, she and Tril shredded the legs of his suit. They used the pieces to bind the wounds as well as they could.
Moriah made a constant keening the entire time.
Tril’s eyes were red. Moriah had never seen them that color. She had never seen Tril’s eyes turn any other color than black from the ice blue they normally were.
Tril removed his goggles while Moriah opened his suit.
Everyone was trained in these procedures. …both Shooters and Diggers.
Tril grabbed his comm and called for help, giving their unit number. All the units were in assigned places, every time they came down. They would be found.
The Shooters always carried the only anti-venom compound they could make. It would not get rid of any bacteria in burrower wounds, but it would help counter the paralytic neurotoxin of the venom.
Moriah knelt, pushing on his chest to keep his heart going while Tril found the compound and got the injection ready. Her own hands wouldn’t have been any good for that. Tril’s were a little less than adequate, but she was the only other one moving.
“Okay,” Tril said. “I am ready.”
The injection would have to go straight into his heart.
Tril found the point between his ribs and pressed with one finger. She pushed the needle all the way into his chest and pressed the plunger slowly. When the tube was empty, she took the needle out and tossed it to the side. 
Moriah started pushing on his chest again. In addition to keeping his blood circulating, it would help spread the adrenaline throughout the area of the injection. 
She stopped for a few seconds only when Tril put her mouth over his, holding his nose closed and forcing air into his lungs a few times. He needed air, as well.
That was the sequencing of the procedure. Stop blood loss as quickly as possible. Make the heart beat. Give the injection. Breathe for the person. Make the heart keep working. Keep the breathing going.
When Tril sat up, after forcing air into him a few times, Moriah began pushing down on his chest again. 
They took turns at their parts of the process. 
She lost track of how many times Tril had breathed for him.
His hand moved. 
She had seen it, but Tril put a hand on her shoulder, and made sure, pointing to the hand quickly.
His mouth was bloody. It was both his own and Tril’s. She could not keep her teeth far enough away from his lips … or her own … to prevent the wounds they both received from her effort.
He reached up slowly and wiped his face, smearing the blood. His face would be feeling numb from the venom.
He tried to sit up. 
It did not work.
“Stay there. Do not try to move yet.”
Castor managed to open his eyes.
He was having trouble focusing.
Tril moved into his field of vision. “Can you hear me?”
“…fuzzy…”
She moved a little closer. “Can you hear me?” she repeated.
“…yah … hear …”
Moriah moved to where he could see her. 
“Yuttrrakeen?”
“…huh…?”
Moriah repeated what she asked.
His eyes started to focus a little better.
“…yah… …Mo…?”
She got a little closer and put her hand on the side of his face.
“Iyanheerr. Iyanheerr.” The words would barely squeeze themselves out. She was so afraid he would die.
“…oh … good …you … are … not dead … it worked …” 
He reached up. His knuckles went into her shoulder. She moved a little to make his reach easier. He put his hand on the side of her neck, under her hair. 
It was a place she liked to have his hand. She could feel his warmth very well there.
She pressed his hand between her face and shoulder.
His eyes found Tril. 
“…you too … good … I … was so afraid … too late … I … make it … see me. Not you.” 
He reached toward Tril’s face, too. 
Tril bent lower and helped him put his hand on her like his other was on Moriah. Tril had easily understood, right off, why Moriah liked it there.
Moriah pulled him up some.
She nipped the muscle at the base of his neck, where his suit was open. Not hard. Just enough to draw a little blood. She pulled Tril to where she could do the same to her. Then she turned her face to the side, baring the muscle at the side of her own neck. 
“Byttnee,” she told Tril quickly. …who did, with only the same amount of pressure. …just enough to draw a little blood. …enough to know that the blood on her shoulder was her own, and not Triillian’s or Castor’s that had come from the wounds on their mouths.
She may have bitten a little too hard. There was more blood than Moriah might have planned. But that was fine. It did not matter.
Moriah quickly put a finger in a drop of Castor’s blood and wiped it on her tongue. 
She went for another and held the finger out to Tril. …who presented her own tongue. 
She wiped Castor’s blood on it.
Then she did the same with the little bit of Tril’s blood, taking a drop for herself and giving one to Castor. It took him a few moments to see and understand. But he looked at her an did what she wanted.
Then she did the same with her own, giving it to Castor and Tril.
She held Castor’s face where he could see her clearly. 
“Wheetrree ahrr whonn annta sayn,” she said as well as she could possibly manage, making sure he was tracking and able to understand her. “Nnhau … annwhhurr ahlll tynn.” 
She looked at Tril.
Tril bent low so he could see her face.
“We three are one and the same,” Triillian repeated. “Now, and for all time.”
They looked at Castor. 
He was aware. He knew.
“We … three are … one … and the same,” Castor managed to get out. “Now … and … for all time.”
“INCOMING! GIVE US ROOM! We’ve got the carts! We gotta get them up to medical now!”
“Castor has venom. I gave him the adrenaline. He is awake.”
“He’s the priority! Let’s move, people!”
Six people picked Castor up and laid him on the flatbed cart. They strapped him on and took off running with it toward the lift.
Moriah and Tril helped get the others who were still down onto carts.
It took a very long time, but the medical people stitched his legs back together. Nearly a thousand stitch insertions, inside and out, they said.
There was nothing they could do to speed the healing. But he did not need to stay in Medical. They had him brought back to his bunk. Optimally, they said, he needed to stay warm, so his body could work on healing itself. They had waited until he was asleep to move him. There would be less he could do to make the move more difficult that way.
He should sleep as much as possible, they said. …which was not really a problem at this point. But, regardless of anything else, he must not scratch at anything. The stiches had not been cut separately and each tied. That would have taken too long. Instead, each one was laced in a continuous run along each long slice, so they could get everything closed up faster. If he managed to untie an end, he might lose that entire run.
Moriah went over to his bunk as soon as he was awake. She had been getting instructions from Medical.
She sat down on the edge of his bunk.
She wore no clothes, other than her boots. Her fur covered most everything up sufficiently. 
“Hey,” Castor said softly, giving her a weak smile.
“Hhaye,” Moriah answered just as softly, as best she was able. She put her hand on his arm. Every now and then, she would rub the pad of her thumb against his skin.
“Sarry whhytyu.” She tapped the base of her neck, where Tril had bit her, indicating her bite on him.
“It is okay. I know why you did it. I remember. And I remember I was not in any kind of shape to bite anyone. …much less be able to draw blood without a whole lot of pain involved. So, I am glad you took care of it for me.” He took a breath. That was the most he had said in a while and it nearly wore him out. “You did the right thing.”
“So nottggrett?”
Castor smiled tiredly and let out a breath. “Yes. I do not regret my part in the decision you made.” He moved over a little so she could have more room, and not be on just the edge. “It was there. It had been. You just brought it out for the three of us to see. Three… Where is Tril?”
“Sshheee whheettiggin.”
“How come they let you stay up here?”
Moriah raised her hand and extended her claws quickly, then put them back in.
Castor chuckled and shook his head again.
Moriah had made it clear to admin that she would not be going down to the bulboar mine today. And had just shown him the tactic she had used to do so.
“Yah. That would do it for me, too.” 
“Nottyu. …nott ewhheryu.”
Moriah reached and rubbed his jaw with the side of her thumb.
“Whherree whhraywhhyu. So whherree whhraywhh … tingyudtu whhuruss.”
“Brave?” He looked like he was tired, even though he had slept for so long already. He managed a chuckle. “No. I just did what had to be done. I had to do something. I could not just stand there.”
Moriah rubbed his jaw again.
“Whhyeee?”
“Because … I was … about to lose someone very important to me.”
Moriah made a little squeaking noise in her throat. She reached down and undid the catches on her boots. She took off her micromesh socks, put them in the boots, and then slid the boots under the bunk.
“Ttayee ssayeeyu sttayee worrnn. Ahhlttynn worrnn. Iaynayk sshhurryu wornn. Iaynayksshhur.”
She got up, raised the edge of his blanket, and climbed in with him. She put her back to his side, but she reached behind her to take hold of his wrist on his left side and pull it to her. 
She tugged his wrist until he rolled onto his right side, toward her. He had had to lift his right arm, to move it out of the way. But she adjusted that arm, too. It was under her neck. She was using it as a lower extension of his pillow. When she was settled, she snuggled back more tightly against him.
He had not withdrawn his left arm when she let go of his wrist to adjust his right. But she also did not let that arm just sit where it was, either. Instead, she drew his left arm around her, tucking his hand up beneath her chin.
He was definitely not going to get cold, with her this close to him. 
He had never touched the cream-colored fur on her front. …not even accidentally when he was helping them on with their suits. …not even after they had made it clear he did not have to be afraid of touching them. But, now, his arm was along a good amount of her front. She put it there, intentionally. 
“Ssleeewhh, nnhauyu. Yugudt ssleeewhhnnhau. Iayanheer. Yu nott whhurreee. Yu ssleeewhh gudt.” 
She could easily feel him breathe. The soft rattle in her throat was constant. It only stopped when she whispered again, “Iayanheer. Iayee whhattshe. Yu ssleeewhh. Iayanheeer. Kayee?”
She softly rubbed the back of his hand with her thumb.
“Iayeenott lettyugo,” she whispered. “…nott ewhher lettyugo.”
Castor bent the arm she was laying on to wrap that one around her, too.
The rattle in her throat got a little louder as she shifted a little to hold firmly onto that one, too, placing that hand high on her ribs. She moved slightly, so his right hand was not quite fully still on her where she had originally placed it. 
The movement of his fingers was light and slow.
“If you think I am going to be able to sleep like this…” He said softly into her hair, leaving the sentence hanging.
Moriah turned her head to where he could see her look at him from the corner of her eye.
“Whhen legss heeeld. Yess. Yu. Neee. Wheewhheee kloasss. Yu. Ttrilll. Yuwhheee kloassstu,” she whispered. 
Her teeth showed. It was the only way she could smile. She never smiled at people. It scared them. Castor knew what it was. 
“Ttrill nottlettyugo. Whhenlegss heeelld. Trilnyu whhee kloasstu. Wheettreee ahrrwhhonn. Sssleeewwhh, nnhau. Iayanheeer.”
She took his left hand from under her chin, keeping his right hand holding what she wanted him to hold. Separating his index finger from the rest, she closed her teeth … briefly and very gently … on it. Then she tucked his hand back where she had had it, under her chin.
The soft rattling in her throat started again.

*****

He was a prisoner on Regia with us. We knew him and loved him. He knew us and loved us. …even though we are … the things we are. We were part of him. We three were one and the same. …for all time. Regia took him. …and left a hole in our beings that will not ever be filled again. We three … are now … only two. We are incomplete. …and we will never be made whole again. Oh, yes. We have so much reason to wish the complete destruction of Unity. If it takes death to reunite us with Castor Efrata-Landeez … then we will take that leap. And we will take as many Unity with us as we can.
Moriah made sure her claws were in before she lifted her hand to swipe at her eyes. She sniffed.

*****

Triillian heard Moriah sniff. She knew, without looking, what she would see. She put her hand on Moriah’s arm. Moriah only sniffed when she cried. She cried only when she was thinking about that time. …with him.
“You can trust us,” Triillian said to Director Kennison. “The Unity has much restitution to make. We are more than willing to be part of that endeavor. When and where do you need us to be?”
“Are you well, Moriah? I don’t mean to intrude.”
Kennison must have seen the wet fur under her eyes just before she was able to wipe them.
Moriah nodded and quickly wiped her eyes and nose with her shirtsleeve. Their bodies eventually adjusted to clothes. The years of wearing the body-sleeves that Castor designed for them helped. …but clothes were still not comfortable.
“Moriah … hurts … for a memory. She hurts, as do I, for the memory of that which most motivates us to work as diligently as possible against the Unity. It is a very deep hurt for both of us.” Triillian paused a moment before she added, “Moriah … is not able to hide it as well as I can.” Triillian wiped quickly at her own eyes. “At times … I am not able to hide it well, either.” She looked at her hands in her lap and tried very hard not to let those memories come up. …not now.
“We have people you can talk to, should you want help dealing with this issue.”
“It is … in the past. He is dead. Regia took him. We can only move forward. We shall not disappoint you, sir.”
“I have every confidence that you won’t. Just keep in mind that the more we can help you, the more secure our investment in you and this venture is, as well. We are highly motivated to help you as much as we’re able. Your wellbeing is my personal priority.”
“Thank you, Director. All we need is time. The … wounds … are just still too fresh. Our beginnings only make those hurts that much deeper. Your task for us gives us ample distraction and allows us to move forward at our own pace.”
“Okay. Come in tomorrow morning. Bring anything and everything you want to keep. Don’t worry about how much or little. You’ll be moving into this facility and living here until you’re ready to launch. The front desk will know who you are. They’ll give you instructions on where to go from there. Don’t worry about anything. We’ll be taking care of you directly, from this point on. Welcome to Saloh Defense.”
He stood.
They stood.
Moriah was half-turned away. Her eyes were all wet again, and she was wiping at them, not trying to hide it. …not that she could have.
Triillian held out her hand. “Thank you, Director Kennison. We will do our very best to learn everything you need us to know.”
After only a very brief hesitation, he took her hand.
The agreement was made.

*****

Triillian swiped at her own eyes as the left Saloh Defense.
There are things that must be done. …people to be notified about us not remaining in our house and stopping the deliveries. I cannot allow those memories to come up. …not yet.
It didn’t take very long before she knew she failed at that as the memories took over.

*****

Triillian vibrated the light down that covered her, standing all the tiny feathers on end, and toweled her hair dry as she left the ‘fresher.
Castor met her at the door as it opened.
She bent down and kissed him.
“You are sure that you are not doing damage to the inside of your mouth, doing that? I mean … I enjoy it … immensely. But…”
“I have to be careful. But as long as my teeth remain together, I wound neither of us.”
With his finger, he lightly drew a line in the tiny feathers from the hollow at the base of her throat straight down to her waist.
“I do not think I would live through another,” she said smiling.
“I certainly would not,” Castor agreed. “Besides … I have already cleaned everything up and put it all back together. And Moriah is probably going to wonder where we are.”
“She knows. She said she would be waiting outside. She is going to tease me.”
“Really. About what?”
“About what she believes I will have felt and done. …and all of what she believes I will do in the future. …all of which is and certainly will be accurate, I am sure. But I know what she has felt and done … and what she will be doing in the future … as well. And I will not be the only one teased.” Triillian smiled, her ice-blue eyes sparkling. “Her heart is full to bursting for you. …as is mine. She will share my joy as I share hers.”
“You two talk like I am some kind of superhuman, doing this. I have heard some of the guys talk about their … adventures. I am definitely not.”
She backed him up until he sat on the bed. She maneuvered her tall frame to sit across his lap, towering over him in this position. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him lightly. 
“You must understand… We … were grown … without parents. …without people. We lived in cages … and we were treated brutally. We learned how to be the animals that we were created to be. Our lives … were little more than pain. And a very lot of only that.” Her expression became serious. …as if just the memory of it caused even more of the same. “They taught us hate. And we were filled with it until that was all we knew. We were killers. …monsters. We were … exactly … what they designed us to be.
“And then … we met you. And you were … different.” She searched his eyes. “You wanted nothing from us, but only to help us. We had no more choice, here on Regia, than we did in the lab. But you tried to help make our lives a little more bearable. …a little more … pleasant. Pleasant was such a completely foreign concept to us. You showed us that we did not have to be monsters. You showed us that, while our past was a part of us that could never be undone … it did not define us. …unless we … we … allowed it to. You showed us that we had that choice.
“Friendship was something we knew only as it was for the two of us. We would protect each other as best we could because, other than all the pain and all the hate … the two of us were all we had. Yet you protected us. You helped us. …and now … we had more. You gave us the choices that we never had, when no one else would. You helped us be comfortable in clothes, and then … inside our own skins. You helped us become more than what we were. You showed us that our limits are only what we allow them to be. You became … you chose to become … our friend.
“And in that choosing, you showed us that you cared. You showed us that fear … and death … were not the only things that could be had from us. You cared enough to listen to Moriah. You cared enough to understand what she was saying. I knew what her problems making words were. You were the only other one to ever recognize those problems … not just with Moriah making words, but the problems with what and who we are. You saw those problems, as has everyone else. But you chose to see past those problems. You chose to teach us how to see past those problems.
“For so long, all we knew was only the hate and pain. You showed us that we were worth more than just those two things. You showed us friendship. And when you threw yourself into the mouth of the burrower … at the near certainty of losing your own life … for only the simple reason of saving ours…” She shook her head as if that was a concept that was completely not understandable. “…an effort you did not even know you might live through … you showed us love. You taught us that there was love in us, and that it was the basis for what was between Moriah and me. You showed us that love … is valid. …that our love is valid. …but, also, that it is not the same as what you had … what you have … for us. And we were astounded that we could be thought of, by someone else, in even the smallest relation with that concept. 
“Love … someone feeling love for us … the two of us … monsters … monsters, the likes of which the universe has never seen. Someone … loved us. Someone was so insane enough to love us. Someone … thought we were worth … and capable of … being loved. …regardless of whether we were capable of returning that love, or not. You threw yourself into the burrower’s mouth not knowing if you would survive … and not knowing if we … the two of us monsters … were the slightest bit worth that sacrifice.
“You touch us … and it shows us that you believe we are something worth touching. …something … that you want to touch. You touch us with gentleness. …tenderness. You touch us hoping it pleases us. …pleases us! Another foreign concept! Why should anyone ever care what pleases us? We are monsters! But you do. You do not think of us as monsters. You love us. …and, for a reason that we never knew until you … you want to please us.
“You make love with us. Two monsters who grew in cages. The chances of that ever happening were the same as pointing to a specific star, never having gone there or seen it before, and saying… There be a Planet. A single Planet. And on that Planet is Life. And that Life has seventeen arms and legs, three heads, and it eats light … and then being right about every one of those unfounded statements. Never did the possibility that someone would treasure us enough to give us the gift of his love … his heart and his mind and his body … ever enter our imagination. 
“So … when we talk about how you make us feel…” Her expression softened. “…when we act like you are a hero on the same magnitude as magnificence … and you please our bodies to the point of a near total loss of control in the depths of our joy … understand … Love … My Love … understand … that you are all these things. You are all these things to me. You are all these things to Moriah. You are all these things to us, and more. …much more. …so very much more. …and there is no one else in the universe that can or will ever be that for us. You are every bit of what we make you to be … to us … because you have given us that choice … that impossible future that we never could have imagined hoping for. 
“And we will do all those things … everything that we can … to please you, as well. You taught us that we are capable of love. …loving you. …how to love you. …how to make love with you. 
“You say you are not … well versed. …not a superhuman. You do not need to be those things. We never knew these things existed, until you. So, you are exactly as well versed and as much of a superhuman as we need you to be … as much as we could ever have imagined or hoped anyone ever could be … so that we can be exactly that well versed and superbeings for you. 
“We want to love you. You make it easy. We want to make love with you. You make it easy. We want to sing out how much we love you. …and you make that so easy. We want to be one and the same with you … now and for all time … and you make that so easy as well. We three are one and the same. Now … and for all time. …and there is no room for anyone else. It will always be me and Moriah. And it will always be us and you. Only you. We three … are one and the same.” She bent down and kissed him. “And if you don’t move your hand … I will have to love you to within an inch of your life.”
“You would keep Moriah waiting out there by herself…?”
“I am conflicted.” She paused. “But sooner or later she will come in and find us. She told me which key to take. She will come here, to this room, first. And I will open the door for her.”
“And, I am thinkin’ that last inch would be lost, at that point.”
“Likely, my love and life. And, again, I would be conflicted. But I cannot take from her what is hers. We three are one and the same.”
“Now. And for all time.” He finished their vow.

*****

But, now … my love is dead. And, except for Moriah, I am empty, inside. 
I should be only conflicted. If not for the Unity creating us, we never would have met him. If not for the Unity raiding his planet, he would not have been working for them. If not for the Unity remanding the three of us to Regia, we never would have learned what love could be. I should thank Unity. But had he not been on Regia … we would not have known how crippling the loss of that love can be. Had he not been on Regia, it could not have taken him. Had he not been on Regia … our souls would not know this depth of pain. …a pain that washes dull everything we knew in the cages.
All that we are … aches … for the loss of him.
It was that confusion that stopped us from working with the Resistance. Lessa Kylara and Rabid led the effort to take us off Regia. The soldiers said that Major Garrant was sending us to Saloh. They said that the Unity Fleet was taken, and that we were free. 
And Moriah and I are free.
…free to feel all the pain and loss … like part of us was ripped away and died with him … leaving the rest of us, each, never able to be whole again. 
The Regians do not love. They do not get close to each other. And they forget, so quickly, someone who dies. Maybe it is only to spare themselves of this.
But the Unity still made us what we are. And what we are will never be whole again. Moriah and I … we can never forget. And, so, we will do what we can for Saloh Defense. And we will sell their datapack and their ships.
And when we are done … when we are done … we can find a place all to ourselves. …where we can replay those memories of love … and live out the rest of our lives missing him.

*****

Triillian swiped at her eyes, as she stopped walking.
Moriah stepped around in front of her. “Sshowhhnee ayess.”
Triillian opened her eyes. Her face was wet, but she turned it toward Moriah. 
Moriah saw they were a deep dark purple. Extremes of love and sadness, mixed. 
The ache. I know that ache.
Moriah stepped close and wrapped her arms around Triillian.
It is good her eyes are not black. But… She is thinking about Castor. I could not keep myself under control in the Director’s office, and now she pays the price for that.
“Kunn.” Moriah let Triillian go and took her by the hand. “Whheego hhoannnhau. Nennytingssdu whhorr tunnorrowhnnornning.”
Triillian nodded and swiped at her eyes again.
“Ayeewhhanndthinn whhaktu. Hhurrdts. Hheer.” She tapped her chest. “Hhurrdts. Nneetu. Gohhoannnnhau. Nnaykennee kryetu.” 
She reached up and swiped at Tril’s eyes, and then at her own. Then she tugged her on toward where they had been living.
Their lives were about to change.
…but they would still be without him.

*****

…the beginning… 

DEDICATION

To the folks in my Grey Squadron 
who helped me make Grey as great as it was.

There were a bunch of Greys, over the years.
And it took all of them to bring out the real storyteller in me.
I really wish I could find them all and thank them.
Since I haven’t been able to,
I hope they consider the Haunter Grey books
…and many of my Greys are in there…
close enough.
If not … they can contact me, and I’ll do it directly.

More of my Greys will be in the next Haunter Grey book.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Thank you, yet one more time, to
Stacy Shofner-Williams
for convincing me that I should write!

A very special thank you to 
Katka (Kate) Kyptova
for permission to use her as the source 
for the Garrant pic on the cover.
I created the Garrant character twenty years ago.
Miss Kate is every bit the image of what I pictured back then.

Thanks to my Proofers!

And Thank You to God.
Always.
For everything.
…not the greatest gift of which is a talent for writing.

Other books by Ross:

The Horseless Horsemen: Jude
5 Stars!! 07/10/2013
Reviewed by Michael McManus for Readers’ Favorite
In the prologue of “The Horseless Horseman: Jude” we are introduced to a character who is so grotesque that we cannot believe a story can be written about him. Since it is only the prologue, we read on. In time we forget about the prologue and are wrapped up in a tale that introduces the use of robots and the men who make them work to a tragic disaster, a tsunami, a real event in Japan that took place in recent memory and the potential meltdown of a nuclear reactor in that devastated country. In the backdrop of the horror of a natural disaster, which leads to the horror of an industrial accident, which leads to the death of a good man, we are introduced to the horror that we instantly feared from the prologue. Jude is created. However, although Jude is hideous and should be fearsome, he is not. What is he? The story R.C. Miller has skillfully crafted reveals the good and evil of the creature that becomes known as Jude.
Do not pick up this book thinking that you will take your time reading it. It is so engaging that you will not be able to put it down. R. C. Miller creates in Jude a character you will never forget. There is good and bad in this potential super hero, who is less a hero and more a victim, a human who has very little in common with most humans. What he does have is a soul and a mission. Although it is a bit dark, I recommend it to anyone who has the stomach for a good tale.

The Horseless Horsemen: Rita
5 Stars – Alan Reihl, Author
In depth description and original characters, grab you from the beginning and leave you wanting more at the end. Highly recommended!

The Horseless Horsemen: Germaine
5 Stars – Alan Reihl, Author
Miller has an uncanny way of weaving suspense, horror, mystery, and a touch of science fiction… I can't wait for book 4! Great read!

The Horseless Horsemen Trilogy
Boxed Set, eBook only.
Includes Jude, Rita, and Germaine

The Horseless Horsemen: Alia
5 Stars – As The Horseless Horsemen go, Alia is different, yet the tie in to the first 3 is unmistakable. Alia is wonderfully written. RC Miller's descriptive way of writing paints detailed scenes and people. Alia becomes family, not just to the other characters, but to the readers.

The Horseless Horsemen: Michael
5 Stars!! 10/07/2020
Reviewed by Christian Sia for Readers’ Favorite 
Michael: A Horseless Horsemen Novel by Ross C. Miller is a spellbinding story that features great writing, a plot that transforms the story into a page-turner and unforgettable characters. Rita responds to the call to an event and finds herself bound to an odd chair. She is not an easy one, and when Justice and Germaine come for her, they are not prepared for the surprise she reserves for them.
The Horseless Horsemen are in for a surprise like no other in their careers. If they fail in this task, the consequences are grave and irrevocable. They had thought this was going to be easy, but the surprises this enemy reserves for them are enormous.
Ross C. Miller has a unique voice and style of writing and his creative genius brings to life a story that will be delightful to fans of the paranormal. I loved the story from the very beginning and enjoyed the drama as it opens the narrative and moves it steadily forward. The beautiful prose is enriched by the timely paragraph breaks, the sentences that are well-crafted to translate the drama, and the uncanny way the author explores the emotions of the characters. Michael: A Horseless Horsemen Novel is a wonderful story with terrific descriptions and the author knows how to engage the emotions of readers. The characters are convincing, utterly, and Rita stands out in her beauty and her unique powers. There is everything that fans of fantasy and the paranormal look for in a story in this novel — and there is more!

*****

The Puppy Tales –or– It’s a Dog’s Life –or2– How I Survive Knowing That Almost Half of My Pets Can Probably Beat Me at Chess
Reader’s Favorite 05/27/14 Review – 4 Stars
The Puppy Tales by RC Miller is a delightful collection of stories [telling about stories] about his dogs, oops, “canine persons.” This storybook is fun, comical and witty, and full of “canine person” antics. When seven dogs (give or take a few) live with three people (give or take a couple) life becomes more than interesting. … As a dog lover myself, I found myself giggling as I read. It is a charming work of fiction.

The Lost, the Found, and the Grail Within

*****

The Diaspora: A Last Ark Novel (Haunter Grey Prequel 1)
5 Stars – This is a sophisticated, scientific and intriguing read. The intricate world building, units converting, creative construction was excellent, and I was blown away by how much thought was put into the making of this universe. If you are overly religious, non-religious or politically ultra-sensitive this may trigger you. I suggest pushing that aside and continuing on. It is well worth the internal discord to come out at a satisfactory conclusion for all. I cannot wait to start the next book! Very well done, Mr. Miller. Glad to have found you!

The Delphine: A Last Ark Novel (Haunter Grey Prequel 2)
5 Stars – It's a great read! It does continue the original story and leaves you wanting more. It poses some tough ethical questions which Ross deals with wonderfully.

The Haunter Grey Prequels (in the works) 
Includes Diaspora and Delphine

Haunter Grey Origin: A novel set in the Last Ark Universe
5 Stars!! 09/05/2020 
Reviewed by Tammy Ruggles for Readers’ Favorite
Haunter Grey - Origin by Ross C Miller is a gripping science fiction novel that won't let you go. Set in the Last Ark universe, it still has the power to stand on its own, but it's always helpful to brush up on the overall story. In this entertaining offering, you have vicious predators to contend with, wars that have been waged by The Unity against sub-humans for thousands of years, a prison planet to escape, and a reluctant hero in Castor Efrata-Landeez, who can't recall his past or make sense of the numbers in his head, and is aided by his blind mentor, who can see the future.
The author's quick launch into action from the first page lets you know you're in for a careening ride, but there are thought-provoking themes along the way, like what does it take to be a hero, how far would you go to help others, and do you really have a purpose. The fast pace sets the stage for the plot and character arcs to come. Castor is a compelling character. He doesn't think he's cut out to be a leader, but that's what The Resistance needs to bring freedom to those dominated by The Unity. They have some skills. They just need someone to bring out the best in them and help them believe in themselves and in liberty itself. Garrant is an interesting character too.
The events that unfold are intriguing and unpredictable. Miller's characters feel real, not caricature--they are imperfect, and that's what makes them relatable. His world-building and execution skills are outstanding, the dialogue crackles with life, and you really feel caught up in this nail-biting thriller. Fans of Alien and other space war sagas will love Haunter Grey - Origin by Ross C. Miller.

Haunter Grey Journey
5 Stars!! 11/10/21
Reviewed By Tammy Ruggles for Readers’ Favorite 
Haunter Grey - Journey: Haunter Grey Book 2, by Ross C Miller, is a compelling, immersive science fiction novel that will leave you wanting more, and thank goodness Book 3 is something to look forward to. Betrayal cuts deep on both sides, but this is what 01.3.G has to do in order to preserve the people she cares about. Gianna, once a Unity Lord, knows the Unity fleet will be challenged trying to survive on the prison planet known as Regia, and it's on Gianna's shoulders to save her people from annihilation. It was once thought that Unity could never be destroyed, but now things are chillingly different. How can one person make an impact--persuade the Resistance--and turn things around?
If you enjoyed Origin, then you will become invested in the continuing story of Castor and crew. And if you're new to the series, then don't worry, since the author adds information to the narrative that makes it easy to catch up. The contrasting goals of the leaders in this novel make for a nail-biting read. Castor makes it clear that no one is to be killed in this age-old war unless absolutely necessary. But the Unity is the polar opposite and kills as seen fit. Miller again brings fans a cast of characters that are well-realized, unique, and so interesting to get to know. For example, Rabid is a split-personality schizophrenic in a constant battle with himself--one side is a deadly killer who is trying to choke Lessa to death in the prologue. I really like the interactions between Castor and Lessa. The backstories of the characters help solidify the reader's relationship with them.
This author knows how to balance narrative with dialogue while keeping the action at a heart-pounding pace, and he's good with inner dialogue. For a novel on the longer side, it goes by quickly, and you're ready for part 3. The inner struggles of the characters, especially Gianna, make you feel for them, and it's easy to get caught up in the life-or-death struggles. I enjoy Miller's confident, competent style. You know he has everything under control and knows how to deliver an entertaining story full of action, pathos, and universal themes. Fans of classic science fiction like Star Trek will fall in love with Haunter Grey - Journey: Haunter Grey Book 2 by Ross C Miller.

Haunter Grey Upheaval 
Box Set, eBook only. 
Includes Origin and Journey
5 Stars!! See Readers’ Favorite reviews above.

Haunter Grey Outliers
5 Stars!! 11/10/21
Reviewed By Tammy Ruggles for Readers’ Favorite
Haunter Grey - Outliers: Haunter Grey Book 3, by Ross C Miller, is an immersive, compelling science fiction novel that sweeps you into the lives and stories of the characters. What if you were the definition of a monster? If you were caught up in the first two Haunter Grey books, then hold on to your hat. This one is a deep-dive into the characters, and the plot is alluring enough to attract the most casual of science fiction fans: DNA experiments. Human DNA mixed with animals. Moriah and Trillian are designed to be the weapons of choice. This darkly captivating premise is ripe for a movie. In fact, the whole series deserves to be on film or offered as a mini-series. It's intricate, well-written, and addictive. In this book we're dealing with the Unity again, with characters like Grimmer, Rabid, McKinnah, etc. These are genetically modified, with tragic and deadly results.
Miller again hits a home run in this often disturbing but highly entertaining follow-up to the second installment, Journey. He has a way of taking tragic characters and using them to tell a dramatic story of survival. His attention to detail is to be admired, his commitment to worldbuilding is obvious, and the result is a series that you will want to read again, and recommend to science fiction fans. I like that he gives refresher information in the narrative as you go along, as there are quite a few plot points and characters. If Origin left you wanting more of the characters and story, then this book certainly expands on it and gives you some backstory. Miller knows his characters well, and knows how to steer them through arcs that are grueling yet satisfying, and ties it all together. His way with dialogue, inner struggle, and conflict is outstanding. If you're looking for a sci-fi novel you can get swept up in, Haunter Grey - Outliers: Haunter Grey Book 3, by Ross C Miller, is that novel.

Haunter Grey Discordance 
Haunter Grey Escalation (in the works)

Haunter Grey Evolution (in the works)
Boxed Set, ebook only. 
Includes Outliers, Discordance, and Escalation

About the Author

RC has done many things, including serving in the US Navy, where he dreamt up a number of stories that he might revisit if he figures up a valid plot for them. He has a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting. He spent seven years between 2001 and 2014 unemployed due to the combination of the economy, bad luck, and just plain old poor judgment, during which time he also found that he had a skill for training puppies in Basic Manners and Show Behaviors, along with midwifing show pup litters and writing sentences that are just far too long.
He joined the Rebel Squadrons in 1996. It was here he found a love for storytelling. 
RC feels that a ‘Great Author’ is someone who can reach out of the story, grab your heart, and make you feel anything they want you to feel, to the extent that they want you to feel it, and the only choice you have is to close the book. However …that same author can also reach out from that same closed book and make you open it back up again. 
…that being said …RC has aspirations of Literary Grandeur.

