Hayu Tales: Shadan
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

"The vampires feed off Queen Elizabeth nearly draining her to death. She survived to have dreams while suffering from being sick of blood loss. Her Majesty wounds up pregnant on the large size by a vampire mating with her. Her husband King Brent is led to believe he was the Father and responsible of her pregnancy. 
Her Majesty woke up from a dream screaming in terror. She gave birth to twin girls both having black hair blue eyes and pale white skin inherited from their vampire Father. 
The King His Majesty was heard assuming "The looks are from a vampire draining Liz actually."
Her Majesty dubs the twin girls by the names of Victoria the oldest and Valeria the youngest. Her Majesty then dies from the birth.
Vampires get power mad from one of them flaunting on being the twins' Father who later dies from one of them stabbing him in the heart by stick. The one who does the stabbing sees this Vampire disappear into a blinding ball of light. The stabbing Vampire reaches out a hand towards the ball of light to get some feeling of pain in his hand. The ball of light disappears followed by the Vampire falling to the ground shaking his form. The other Vampires once the light is gone don't know what to do towards the Vampire they refer as Sparky. Sparky lying on the ground gets his name from the sparks of eaters coming from the fingertips of one hand. 
Sparky while unconscious gets an idea he wakes up to speak loudly "I figured I would create a female vampire other than mating ways." 
Sparky's words wound up getting the other Vampires to boo him while giving off hissing sounds of disagreement. He wound up keeping any thought of creating a Vampire to himself. Sparky during a hunt gets the opportunity to create a Vampire. 
Sparky comes upon an old woman appearing to be dying drains her to death nearly killing her. He uses his blood cut from his wrist by a knife she had on her person onto her open mouth to drip his blood onto her. The old woman remains still till Sparky buries her into the ground taking him till nearly sunrise to do this. He then went to hide in a cave feeling disgusted on having to do that hiding there. 

Sparky keeps vigil over the old woman's burial site till for three nights. 
The other Vampires of the group tell him "Nothing is going to happen so give up on that vigil of yours." 
Sparky refused to quit his vigil by telling them off "I don't care for I will see that my creation comes to fruition. I want to prove we don't need to mate with the females to create children from them like one of us has been flaunting."
He finds his vigil is worth it for on the fourth night finds the old woman coming from the ground looking young complete with blonde hair and wearing ragged clothing. 
Sparky spoke towards the woman "I'm called Sparky. So give me a name now."
Sparky found the woman spoke "It's Evelyn and give me a victim to suck from now."
He obeyed to find a young man sleeping in a tree he yanks off to haul sputtering awake towards the woman. Sparky watched as Evelyn kisses the male on the lips the man not resisting to that. 
Sparky wound up thinking to himself "What is Evelyn doing anyway?" 
Evelyn he saw wound up gripping the young man on the head in a tight grip who struggles to free himself from her lips. He saw the young man age from youngness to an oldness status followed by becoming bony and old till Evelyn drops him onto the ground. Evelyn is heard giving off a loud gasping sound while raising her head to see her form change into a Queen complete with a golden crown on the head and wearing a dress tight fitting onto her chest highlighting them. 
Sparky felt confused to seeing that as Evelyn was heard speaking "Sparky, you will do what I say as I leader of the vampires and your Queen now!"
Sparky found himself forced to agree by Evelyn giving him a glare which he spoke while kneeling on one knee "I submit to you my Queen."
He didn't think of any comment as Queen Evelyn adds "I have a list of demands I want you and your people to do for me now!"

Sparky finds out what the demands are which one was "Find me a castle with a King to get into marriage to rule him and his people now!"

The Vampires sicken onto twins' Father King Brent to marry Evelyn who targets him into some courtship. King Brent wound up falling for their stunt.
He was over heard saying "I'm finding Evelyn beautiful enough to have her as my Queen, make it happen now."
 
His Majesty wound up not knowing of the vampire ability within Evelyn who hides it from him and his people. 
The twins old enough to walk and talk are like young girls are overheard saying "We don't trust this Evelyn period. Daddy don't pursue her for marriage. She gives us the creeps."

King Brent, His Majesty ignores his twins' warnings instead marries Evelyn in a private church. He was observed to have mated with Evelyn enough to get her pregnant in an instant pregnancy. His Majesty dies from the mating from Evelyn sucking him to death via sucking his youngness to turn him old. 

Evelyn blames the death of His Majesty onto the twins by claiming "Those twins are witches enough to kill their Father. I overheard them saying that they didn't agree with their Father's attitude towards me and tried to talk their Father out of marriage with me. Get the twins into the dungeon now where they'll remain for their punishment of killing their Father using witchery work now!"

Guards' friendly with the twins instead managed to talk to the Queen "Why don't you have one twin become a Knight while other twin becomes a servant wretch instead? Labor work of being treated nasty by us and palace inhabitants will teach them that witchery work isn't proper."
The Queen somehow fell for that talk ordered "Fine make Valeria become a knight while Victoria becomes the servant wretch now!"
Twins get taken out of the dungeon and told by the guards the Queen's orders. Unfortunately the Guards don't know which twin is who which one speaks "I'll take the knight job for I'm Victoria and I insists on having that happen.
The other twin speaks "I'll take the servant wretch job for I'm Valeria and I insists on having that happen."
The Guards fond of the twins and their Father does what was ordered by the twins' indicating on who's who despite still not sure who is who.

The Queen's pregnancy and carrying is fast lasting for a whole day. She gives birth by herself a male child named Brandon.
Her Majesty blames the pregnancy onto the twins by claiming "Its proof of the twins' witchery work! I demand my son be declared the heir to the throne and not those little brat excuse of twins!
Brandon is a brown haired male with blue eyes looks twin to Brent by the looks but has his Mother's face. The castle natives agree to the Queen's demands towards Brandon and have him declared the heir to the throne despite there's twins older than him. 

Victoria as she's indicated wound up to learn how to fight like a male and learn ways of the Knights. The Queen keeps on sending her out to fight battles with the other knights in tournaments. 
She hidden as a young male and not revealed as a female. 
The Queen wound up overheard speaking "I'm hoping that she'll die in battle in a tournament to death."
People loyal to King Brent protect her every time she's in a tournament like battle keeping her alive. Sometimes using someone else to compete in tournaments once it's obvious she might get further injured or die from the battle. 

Valeria as she's identified wound up taught feminine slave work including doing servant work towards Brandon and their stepmother the twins refer towards Her Majesty, themselves. 

The twins and Brandon have a fast growth spurt that makes them full grown within a full moon's lunar cycle's time frame. 
Her Majesty blames this growth spurt onto the twins' Mother, Elizabeth "That Queen must have been a witch really enough to cause her children and my son to not have much of a childhood."
Lucky for the twins no one believes the Queen on her rants towards their Mother accused of witchcraft. 

Brandon once grown is encouraged to be a spoiled brat by his Mother towards his twin sisters. He only does that in front of his Mother but behind her back treats the twins kindly. It's due to inheriting his Father's kindness behavior that gets passed down onto him.
Brandon has confessed once asked "Their my sisters. Why should I treat them nasty like my Mother keeps on trying to get me to do? I obey my Mother on her orders but to treat my sisters nasty? I do what I can to see my sisters treated as they wanted for respects."

For respects in case you don't know is Vampires' talk for "Don't question me for my mind is made up!"

Brandon for awhile didn't seem to inherited any vampirisms his Mother uses onto young people to keep herself young while making them die. That despite efforts by his Mother to see if he inherited any vampire like traits which he doesn't seem to inherit. Brandon has skin sensitivity to the sun hence he always covered up in clothes and knight wear while out traveling in the sunlight. 

Vampires at night make their presence known to the castle natives by attacking the castle and feeding off victims leaving some of them dead. The natives surrender on Queen's orders. 
She orders the natives "You will submit to the Vampires and dominant orders with I in charge."
The natives seemed to accept the Vampires around the castle only seen at night time while trying to repeatedly rebel in secret. 
The Queen has managed to stop the rebellion every time by ordering the natives "I insists you stop this ridiculous rebellious attitude and accept the Vampires as my people living here with you now! 

The Vampires habitually during sunlight hours remain hidden away inside the castle's towers with windows blocked while hanging upside down from the ceiling sleeping. 
Valeria as identified got nosy and found the vampires' leader's main hiding place that is second to command to Evelyn still dubbed by the name of Sparky. Sparky's hiding place Valeria discovered is in a tower with other vampires who wake up finding her there. The Vampires to her shock don't attack her. It's due to her appearance looks indicate that she's partially vampire judging by skin color and hair color including eyes indicating that. She got caught in their presence which they resume sleeping status ignoring her. She left them and found Victoria as identified in the field sparring with some knights.
Valeria managed to get a hold of Victoria during the sparring to stare at her sister seemingly lengthy. Her sister aware of the staring quits the sparring went to her twin to give her a glare while yanking off her helmet.
Valeria overheard by Brandon hiding as a knight privately tells her sister about the vampires' leader's hiding place and their reaction towards her and that their looks has indicated that their partially like them. It's judging by what she's seen and how the vampires reacted towards her caught in their nest which they went to sleep and ignored her and she was able to leave unscathed. 

Victoria and Valeria after Victoria has breaks of sparring start planning in a whispering conversation on kicking out Evelyn out of the castle overheard by Brandon as usual. Brandon despite his sun sensitivity has powerful ears. 
Her Majesty has flaunted into the Vampires' presences "This is my son Brandon who can hear everything in the castle. Don't think of hiding any secrets from me for I'll know of it via my son."
Anyway one twin was overheard to say "I figured out that kicking out Evelyn would mean that the Vampires would leave."
The twins refer to their Stepmother as Evelyn instead of any other title.
Another twin was overheard adding "But I'm unsure about Brandon judging by his behavior towards us indicating of kindness. He then acts like a spoiled brat in front of Evelyn who seems to encourage the behavior towards us." 
Valeria as identified is seen going back inside the castle to resume her work. Brandon hidden underneath clothes and armor spars with an unknowing of who he is, Victoria. 
Brandon has confessed "I do have very powerful hearing. I can hear various talks all over the castle if I'm concentrating onto the person hard enough. I did overhear the twins' plans on doing something towards my Mother and the Vampires. I felt conflicted on what to do. I didn't mention that planning to my Mother during a daily visit to her room just to check me out on this Vampirism ability she keeps on hoping for me to have." 
 
The Queen in case you don't know has always demanded to Brandon "You're to do daily visits to my room for inspection."
It's for inspecting him all over while he's naked each day.
Brandon has admitted on questioning after his Mother's death not by the twins but someone else's hand "I always finding the visits to my Mother's room to bare myself humiliating to do that in front of her and the Vampire's leader Mother dubs Sparky." 

Sparky is Sparky, the Vampires' leader himself and creator of the Queen Evelyn. He has taken the name due to giving off jolts when touching people himself. The jolts' touch has resulted into knocking the people not sparing Vampires unconscious after slamming palms onto people's fronts. It's mostly used to feed off people despite the other vampires don't seem to have that ability. 

Brandon admits on questioning "I always finds that my Mother and Sparky are trying as always to see if I has any vampire abilities other than sun sensitivity. The abilities they want involves sucking people either their blood or youth something I was aware my Mother could do towards people. That despite I as always in their presence forced to drink both Sparky and my Mother's blood in a cup drinking it all down. 
My Mother would order me to get dressed then send me to my room. While in my room is when I then later wound up throwing up the cup's contents. It always happens once I was alone in my room resting. I always wound up throwing up over the side of the bed. 
I kept feeling like I'm not going to get any sucking abilities despite my Mother and Sparky's hopes on having me drinking their blood like they hoped." 

Brandon one night after a rebellion attempt to kill him found himself saddled with Victoria as his bodyguard. 
It was ordered by his Mother saying "Victoria, I'm insisting on having you bodyguard my son Brandon from harm. If you refuse I will suck to death your sister Valeria."
It was the first time the Queen admitted some vampire's ability towards the castle natives who suspected on that but wasn't sure of what it was.
 
Anyhow the bodyguard job wound up happening. Brandon to his relief found that Victoria sympathized with his private complaints towards her "I hate posing naked in front of my Mother and Sparky the vampire's leader. 
That along with drinking their blood they hoping to get some vampirism ability from me drinking their blood. 
Then Mother would kick me out to my room. I keep as always later get sick once alone in my bedroom sleeping as in throwing up the drink's contents. 
Their hoping I would show some sucking abilities either inherited from Sparky claiming to be my Mother's brother in my presence as always. 
My Mother has been claiming to have some sucking ability to suck youth from people like she can do after demonstrating onto a guard who passed away from that. That sucking ability she does I don't want to do myself." 

Brandon during another talk has admitted "I found that Victoria is a good bodyguard. She, making me realized that she was feeling sorry for me. It's from what she witnessed what I complained about. Me posing naked in front of my Mother and assumed uncle in her presence and drinking their blood via cup then later throwing up the contents while in my bedroom alone with her keeping him company. 
She's always sleeping on the floor in the bedroom and sometimes sensed spying onto me. 
I wound up started to get fed up with the drinking blood getting sick from it and posing naked in front of my Mother and uncle. I started to plan with Victoria sometimes with Valeria included on throwing my Mother and vampires out of the castle and killing them if they resist to the throwing out.
Besides it was Valeria at a private meeting with her sister and me there that got an idea of targeting Evelyn and Sparky. The targeting was to happen while their alone with all three of us in my Mother's bedroom them examining me for any vampire ability. 
The twins agreed to do and got me to agree despite me unsure of it. They told me I must avoid drinking the bloody cup's contents. Instead throws it at Sparky and acts rebellious on not wanting to drink it." 

Brandon at another questioning admits "I went along with the plan feeling upset that I'll lose my Mother. I was conflicted on doing the twins' plans. 
I wound up to keep my mouth shut about it. That my Mother seemed to figure out the plans by she giving me angry looks. She kept it up till I was doing another naked status in front of my Mother, uncle and twins. 
I wound up throwing the cup into Sparky's face which contents spill out onto Sparky who burns it off." 
 
The Queen ordered loudly "Guards!"
The guards come into the room unexpectedly going to get a hold of twins like their ordered to do. That despite Victoria puts up a fight. 
Her Majesty orders "I want the twins thrown in the brig for attempting to kill me."
Brandon is heard silent to that order as twins find allies with the guards. They attack Her Majesty and Sparky who put up a fight. The Queen fights by attempting to suck people. Sparky fights by attempting to knock people unconscious by hand attempts to touch them. The guards' people wound up avoiding that as they thrust sword weapons aimed at the two. 
Brandon is seen putting on his clothes during the battle. 
He later admits to hearing his Mother yell "Brandon! I insists that you assist us on getting out alive and putting down the traitorous guards and twins to death now!"
Brandon admitted "I balked on doing my Mother's orders by standing around with arms folded and loudly speaking 
'I'll never be a vampire despite drinking blood. Later throwing up the contents once alone in my room and hating the posing naked status in front of them as always. I refused to have anything to do with the fight.' 
My Mother gets mad in response screams out 'Brandon is not my son but some demon born from her body fathered by a demon who I killed in bed mating with him!'
It got me furious enough to attack my Mother in a rage acting vampire like. The guards and twins back off fighting my Mother and Sparky to let me fight them alone. Not entirely sure of why they did that and ignored my Mother's screaming orders to get me restrained."

The back off in question was due to seeing Brandon acting like a vampire when attacking his Mother. Brandon wound up baring reed claws and fanged teeth of a vampire. 
The twins wound up on admittance "We were nervous to do anything bad towards Brandon by him displaying this Vampire's fight look."
Sparky tried repeatedly to pull his nephew off his sister but gets resistance. The guards and twins aren't interested in helping due to sensing them afraid of his nephew attacking the Queen. Her Majesty was fighting back via a sword weapon in her hand stolen from a guard she knocked out using it to keep her son off of her. Brandon continued to attack her repeatedly over and over despite failed attempts by Sparky her brother to keep her son off of him. 
Evelyn has appeared during the battle with Brandon to indicate it has worn her out to feel like feeding again by the noises she makes. She wound up indicating this feeding status by turning into an old woman and no longer young. Her oldness status causes the sword weapon in her hands to appear to be getting quite heavy in her hands that she drops. Her Majesty gets into an arm trap by her son who bites her neck. Sparky senses from Brandon him sucking Her Majesty by the pain in his neck indicating it. He thinks the sucking is getting to the point that he thinks Brandon is going to kill her. Sparky feels like the Queen achieved what she wanted to achieve from Brandon to sense her surrender to the sucking. Brandon sucks the Queen to the point that her legs aren't holding her anymore. She gets freed and thrown to the wall which she slides down to get Sparky holding her hand and acting worried towards her. Brandon still partially a vampire withdrew the vampire's hand ability and fangs unexpectedly. 

Brandon on admittance said "I felt my angry mood stop hence the vampire withdrawing away from me."

Brandon wounds up throwing up in front of everyone in the room acting sick. The guards and twins giving him pity looks as if he is making them sorry for him. Everything he appeared to have sucked from his Mother gets onto the floor. Brandon curls into a ball after falling onto there like he's feeling like he needs to sleep. He appears to ignore everything around him as he sleeps lying there. 
Victoria and Valeria go to their brother to check on him. They found that he's more interested in sleeping than doing anything while lying on the floor in a ball by ignoring their hands' shaking him. 
The twins give their stepmother an accusing glare look. They were found to be not the only ones in the room doing it by the guards baring their faces and displaying similar accusation glaring looks aimed at the Queen. 

Sparky noticed the looks and appeared to be whispering something to the Queen. 
The twins on admittance overhears him "If you want people's loyalties you'll have to do what they want this time. We vampires are sick of people throwing them out of places of sanctuaries from the sun and weather elements. It happens after we are found there. 
The places' natives have always resisting our attempts to listen to us complain on wanting a place to live. We prefer to feed off gonoids instead of the people. It's due to that sucking people makes us all feel disgusted. 
We don't get that feeling whenever we target gonoids who seem to always survive the sucking. That has happened despite people acting sick as always after attempts to leave them alive from a sucking. The person gives up a bloody smell that makes us suck them to death till their dead. 
We don't want to suck people any more and is fed up with that." 
Twins wound up to overhear the Queen whispering to Sparky saying "I have to die. I sucked differently from the vampires. 
My death by a vampire's hand would get the people to cooperate in peace with your people's wishes of wanting a place to live and sucking off gonoids." 
Twins wound up confessing as spoken by Victoria on identification "We heard Sparky and our Stepmother get into a verbal argument on this talk. Sparky admitting on being Stepmother's creator and not her brother as led to believe. 
He didn't want to kill our Stepmother. She wound up using her Queen leadership's title to insist on having the order of death happen to her period. 
Sparky wound up forced to agree by the look on his face and him seen rubbing a hand on his forehead acting upset."
The twins act like they don't overhear as Sparky goes up to Victoria by her wearing the knight armor. 
He politely asks "Can I have your knife like weapon please?"
She hands him the sword without a protest. 
Sparky went to their stepmother to thrust knife into Evelyn's heart area. 
Brandon is heard screaming of pain while seen jerking spasms as his Mother dies and her form bursts into a ball of light. The ball of light gets people including Sparky screaming from the light in pain, squinting followed by the ball shattering leaving nothing in place. The sword is seen dropping to the floor as Brandon quits his spasms and screaming. 

Sparky as I am called went to Victoria. 
I got on one knee and said loudly "I as leader of the vampires submits myself and vampires to your authority Your Majesty. 
I submit myself and your people in a peace agreement of allowing us to live at the castle for sanctuary. 
I ask that your people provide multiple gonoids for us to feed off as meals. Just so we can avoid feeding off people. It's due to feeling disgusted from that. The people feeding has resulted in the people getting sick with some medical ailment enough to make us feed again and suck them to death. 
We have been finding gonoids seemed immune to that medical ailment by them surviving the sucking as always. It doesn't matter regardless of what gonoid it is and what size it is. 
We, the vampires are not compelled to suck them to death once finished with a feeding and leaving the gonoid alive to feed again another time." 
Victoria as seen didn't comment a response and so does Valeria. The guards all around us submit to Victoria as their Queen by getting on their knees. 
The Guards overheard saying "We submit to Victoria as our titled ruler the Queen Her Majesty."
I saw Victoria looked down which I looked to find Brandon had woken up and was in some kneeling pose facing her with forehead on the ground and hands near his head. I hearing nothing from him but heard some coughing sounds from him. I wound up to figure that he's too sick to comment a response hence Brandon in his position to show his submission towards Victoria.

Victoria on admittance to my questioning had said "I wound finding myself forced to accept people's submissions towards me. It was due to seeing my sister Valeria copying the people with the knee position but she had both knees on the ground. I saw Valeria's submission was of her head bowed and not looking at me in the eyes while she's kneeling facing my direction."

I wound up finding the natives agreeing to our requests to feed off gonoids for a short time period as we stayed in the castle with Victoria ruling us as our Queen and leader.

Victoria seemed to have dropped the tournament competition but kept up her sword fighting. Valeria proved to have this sword ability by picking it up fast after a sparring fight with her in the throne room in front of Victoria seated in the throne's chair watching. Victoria hardly gave out any corrections towards Valeria or me on how to fight each other. I wound up having to learn how to fight via sword, myself, copying Valeria's sparring fighting style. 
This fighting wound up taken up by the other Vampires themselves who insisted to me "You're to teach us how to do this fighting now."
I wound up doing the teaching till one of the Vampires screamed of terror in some terrible voice tone and disappeared into a blinding ball of light that blinded me and my companions. The disappeared Vampire's ball went away after the light went away. 
We wound up panicked enough to yell at the Vampire who was fighting with the vampire that disappeared. 
I overheard comments aimed at him "You fool stabbed our companion in the heart hence he dying.
You, don't ever do that stabbing again. 
Don't you dare fight again so surrender your sword now! You're going into the tower to remain there till I order you out!"
It was me who gave that sword order including the containment order. 
The orders wound up obeyed by the Vampire slinking off into the tower to remain contained. I never got to order him out. A bright flash was seen from the tower while we were sparring in the courtyard during the moon time.
One of the Vampires commented to me "Appears he ended his own life."
I didn't say a word instead ordered "Resume your practice now!"

I wound up discovering the sword fighting teaching onto me and my companions was a trick by the twins to get rid of us as whined by the castle natives to do it. 
The castle natives were overheard by I whining to the twins "Please get rid of the Vampires. We don't want them living in here with us. 
You as our Queen should do this for us. 
We found that our gonoids have turned out sick soon after their fed off via a Vampire. The sickness has caused the gonoids to display some water forming at the mouth and acting not right with their walking. We're forced to kill the gonoids as a result by their sickness causes them to act wild enough to attack us."
I was shocked by what the castle natives whined to the twins about which is when Victoria I assumed was her was overheard loudly speaking "Shut the doors now."
I was unable to hear anything further after that.

I wound up figuring out that the sword fighting was a trick to get rid of us Vampires by repeatedly disappearing into balls of light over and over. The Vampires always blamed each other for causing that death status as a result. They never learning to figure out that something else was done to get rid of each one of us like I found out later. 
I quit fighting one night to say to my companion one of the last of the Vampires "Just show me what you've learned by air fighting now. I'm sick of accidentally stabbing us Vampires to death as a result."
My companion obeyed to doing it till I heard a whooshing sound to see something coming from the air. An object that had a pointed end with feathers on another end came barreling towards my companion pointed end aimed at him.
I watched with horror to see the pointed end hit my companion from behind right over the heart area. 
My companion disappeared in a blinding ball of light while dropping the sword weapon in the process. I eyed the castle's top bordering it to spot a masked female I assumed was one of the twins holding a familiar stick object in her hand. I saw the object was twin to the one that hit my companion which forced me to get up in a fast move while looking in her direction. 
Anyhow Brandon, arrived into my eyesight to just as I heard a familiar whooshing sound. The sound was why I knocked him onto the ground in a fast move only to get terrible pain into my shoulder making me lie there groaning. 
I felt as stick like object sticking into the area from feel of it having feathered ends. Brandon lucky him, managed to see that thing into me. I later learned it was dubbed an arrow and threw himself on top of me as I heard another whooshing sound. I threw him off as a result only to get another twin pain into my other shoulder. 
I told Brandon "Stay off of me now! Let them kill me like they have been doing towards us Vampires! The castle natives insists on getting rid of us! Let me die now!"
I glared at Brandon in response while groaning loudly to spot Valeria I assumed was her getting onto the wall of the castle and climb down it into a sliding hand move. It rather shocked me seeing her doing that till she reached the ground and landed expertly onto her feet. 
I ignored Brandon to keep my eyes onto Valeria I assumed was the twin I identified posing. I wound up to notice that she had some kind of mask around her mouth covering the area entirely with her hair pulled back. 
I eyed her, Valeria, warily to see her walk up towards me as torch lights came into vicinity lighting up the courtyard. I eyed Valeria to spot her looking away from me which I saw with shock both twins Valeria and Victoria there. I glanced at the female that killed my companion to realize that she was an assassin hired to kill us Vampires. 
I felt disgust take hold in response to eye the twins to hear them say "Tia, chose your victim now."
I frowned at the twins' wording to spot Tia, I assumed was the assassin's name going up towards Brandon grabbing him and in a fast move put her mouth area. I realized her mask was a part of her face onto his neck while having a hand onto his front on his chest. I heard the Vampires' familiar sucking noises coming from her as she drank from Brandon before dropping him onto the ground and cracking his neck. 
I sensed Brandon die by the scream of terror he gave along with disappearing in a ball of light that blinded me for a bit before the light's show disappeared only leaving torch lights highlighting the courtyard. I eyed the twins' warily to find that they were dressed alike and had mean looks on their faces when they eyed me. 
I eyed Tia in response to realize to myself "She's another kind of vampire."
I wasn't sure what species she was to be a vampire as I heard "Toss Sparky as this Vampire is called into the dungeon and lock him in chains. When its daylight chain, him outside and make sure the sunlight kills him."
I heard the mean voice tone of the twins speaking together as I was hauled to the dungeon me too wounded unable to fight back to escape. 

I wound up chained in the dungeon till you came to me. You asked me to tell you my story which I have done. I sense the sunlight is arriving by the familiar deadness arriving within its feeling hitting me. I won't be able to do anything to resists being carried out into the sunlight. I do ask for you to remember my story I told you. Just tell it to the others of my existence and my species' existence. I suspect that I'm the last of my kind to look like this and be dubbed by that awful name of vampire. I also suspect that Tia is a new kind of vampire judging by the looks of her-"
At the moment the storyteller was get interrupted by boos and hisses by the Hayu offsprings gathered around them in the middle of the logs surrounding the campfire. He groaned softly and found Terror the new Hayu, remained silent as he heard another twin snap. He looked in a direction to exhaled a breath finding an armored Ancient One standing in the bushes within vicinity that removed his helmet off his head. Nikolas gave a head bob in greeting towards the Ancient One dubbed, Victor who always made people friendly with him and whoever in his presence. 
He kept his mouth shut as Victor went to sit down on a log nearby him and remained sitting as he heard from the Hayu offsprings chattering to the Ancient One "Tell us a story now!"
Nikolas sighed a Human trait and waited as Victor obeyed speaking. 
Clanking noises was heard by the listener an Ancient One covered up in black armor that straightened up his form. 
He didn't say a word as Sparky quit his tale to add "Their coming for me now."
The Ancient One, a Knight as referred when seen, held up in his hand a spear with a black blade at the end.
He remained standing while eyeing Sparky who added "I'm afraid it's where I must depart. So leave now."
The Knight stepped backwards edging towards the wall to spot Sparky looking away towards the cell's door. The Knight looked to see the cell's door open followed by guards in their silver armor came into the cell carrying torches. 
The Knight stood unnoticed watching as Sparky was hauled out of the cell not saying anything. He watched walking behind as Sparky was carried out in the dim light of sunrise and hung onto a pole in the middle of the courtyard. 
The Knight, an Ancient One another form of vampire, himself sensed Sparky would die anyway stood waiting to prolong the evitable. The Knight stood watching as the sun rose into view highlighting the sky as one color without clouds in the sky. 
He stood watching Sparky as the sun's light shined over the castle's walls to start hitting the male's feet. The Knight sighed and stabbed Sparky with his spear unnoticed by anyone. He watched as Sparky's feet turned into an eater that began eating onto the male's form leaving ashes in its place. The Knight eyed Sparky who remained silent to stare at him as if seeing him fully to form a look of fear before shutting his eyes throwing his head up. The Knight eyed Sparky who screamed of terror followed by the eater consuming his entire body he seeing the familiar ball of light flashing in place of Sparky's body. The Knight continued to watch as he thrust his spear into the ball of light to see it shatter followed by a ghost form of Sparky floating next to him with arms folded.
The Knight revealed a form of a Human male with helmet yanked off. 
He spoke in a cruel voice tone "You will be known as the Drainers among people and species as their called. Known among the Drainers themselves, their King and Lord of the Skyans they call themselves a name kept secret from others. Go now, Ivan, as your name will be to Terrania where you'll be born and return here once it's your time to return."
The Knight gestured towards Sparky by jabbing his spear in the direction up to see the ghost of the vampire rise up into the air and faded from view-
Boos and hisses interrupted Victor who put on his helmet in response and ignored the sounds and appeared to be annoyed. 
Nikolas shifted to glare at Terror and spoke in response "Terror, tell a story now."
He found Terror obeying to speak. 

Ivan came out of the gate feeling warmth. He heard a loud growl along with sleepiness hitting him shut his eyes passing out unconscious only to come to feeling a hand patting him on the cheek while having hands holding him up in a standing position and that his ragged gonoid skin clothing was gone from his form. He sensed different clothing on his form along with something on his head that felt like a crown to him. Ivan jerked open his eyes to see the hand’s owner belonged to a gonoid head male with a Human like body who removed the hand and stepped aside. Ivan saw too many steps in front of him was a set of stairs going up he counted ten of them and standing at the beginning of them were two figures. He saw one was a male with scaly form and scaly wings along with wearing a skirt while having a sword in hand with black long hair and head was bowed as he felt a headache hitting him made him grimace. Ivan noticed next to the male was a female form with purple skin and white long hair holding a spear while wearing pants and a top that appeared to have a vest included with it along with head bowed. He continued to grimace from the headache as he noticed behind the two was figures in white covered up robes seated on chairs he figured from memory of Nikolas saying that they were the High Council and felt disgust take hold within him. 
He eyed the High Council as the male and female raised their heads followed by the headache stopping and the male spoke sounding in Basic “Well we have a mission for you Ivan.”
He frowned hearing that as the male continued speaking “The mission is for you to gain leadership of an essence drinking species called Drainer as their Drainer Lord and ruler which we expect you to do it without questions asked.” 
He continued to frown hearing that as the female spoke “Ramses transport him to the Drainers’ location now.” 
He felt hands off of him and found himself in a forest jungle mess and frowned looking around to see a path in the mess which he went to hearing roaring water that sounded faint. He continued to walk following the path till it took him to a gorge where there was a rope bridge leading across to another part of the land. Ivan exhaled a breath and looked down only to step back with fear hitting him. He grimaced from the fearful feeling hitting him groaned out an ugh sound that sounded odd to him shocking him. 
Ivan spoke “Hello?” 
He frowned finding himself having a voice despite not having one in Terrania and only could communicate by hand language and through Highlanders mind walking him and his mate Gina signing his talk. He frowned recalling Gina passing away in front of him while he and she were walking in the Terrania's city of Atlanta which she fainted in front of him. He caught her as she fainted only to hear her give up her life to death. He recalled frowning further that he carried her to the hospital and left her body there then walked away aimlessly wandering till he found his feet led him out of the city to the forest which he let his feet take their head till he reached a gate through a clearing and went through it with an image of a room in his mind. Ivan shook his head of the memory flashing in his mind and breathed hard through his mouth forcing himself to step forwards onto the bridge and continued the mouth breathing despite fear hitting him from looking down several times to see his footing. He continued to walk till his feet hit the ground and he darted away from the bridge walking further into the forest jungle and halted his running with a loud groan while forcing himself to nose breathe. He rubbed his forehead with a hand feeling his hand gloved and removed the hand to examined his hand to see it was covered in smooth material which he looked down at himself seeing himself dressed in entirely white clothing with gonoid skin like vest jacket and boots. He groaned loudly and then continued walking till he again heard the water sound went to it and found a small pond which he peered in and stiffened seeing his facial appearance was different.  He saw his face appeared to look like a male Drainer that had eyes and nose covered in shiny blackness with white orbs for where the eyes were and on his head was a shiny silver crown with points that ended in small balls. He eyed his hair seeing it instead of long brown it was black and the length seemed longer than his normal length. 
Ivan frowned seeing that thinking to himself “What did the High Council do to me?”
He heard nothing to answer his question shook his head and walked away from the pond traveling aimlessly in the forest jungle till he heard voices chattering that sounded Drainer like to him by the tones. He followed the voices to see it was Drainers and he found a group of them were seated in a clearing while three were standing aside two clearly talking. He stepped out of the bushes to stand watching the three standing Drainers two talking he recognized one as Aiden and noticed a female there that made him feel a feeling in his sensitive part which he stared at her ogling her up and down. Ivan continued to stare till the female shifted her arms unfolding them revealing her curved chest that made him lick his lips which he sensed his familiar fangs were still in his mouth. He continued to eye her as she raised her hands and heard silence from the two male Drainers. He shifted his eyes towards the female’s face to see that she was looking at him directly with eyes narrowed. 
He spoke “Hello you got a name hmm?”
He frowned to shift his eyes towards the males and then focused back at the female who spoke loudly “Ah the name is Ann-Nea. This is Aiden and this is Torrin.  What’s yours?”
He figured she wanted his name spoke “Ivan, Skyan Lord of the Skyans.” 
He stiffened hearing the words out of his mouth clamped it shut and focused on the female Ann-Nea who spoke “Well that solves your argument Aiden, Torrin.”
He heard from one of the males “Interesting. Anyway there’s a castle in that direction we have been trying to gain entrance to but some monster has repeatedly kicked us out saying that only the Skyan Lord can enter and has refused our attempts to claim the lordship title.” 
Ivan didn’t comment in response walked forwards till he was near the three Drainers and stood still eyeing Ann-Nea. He heard one of the males speak something that sounded foreign to him and heard a groan sound in another male tone as he continued to stare at Ann-Nea. 
He didn’t comment as Ann-Nea spoke “Torrin lead Kingship to the castle and have him handle that monster in there.” 
He frowned as a male Drainer stepped into view blocking his eyes sight of Ann-Nea to see it was Torrin he assumed who pointed a finger in a direction and spoke “Follow me.” 
He exhaled a breath and obeyed following Torrin into the forest jungle while looking back at Ann-Nea as he went out of sight of her. 
Ivan followed Torrin till they reached a set of steps leading up which the Drainer spoke “Follow those steps till they end and you’ll have reached the inside of the castle.” 
He didn’t comment a response walked up the steps finding them lengthy and noticed an entrance off his right which he peered through to see a large room with beds and various equipment inside that reminded him of a hospital to him. He stopped his peering and continued up the steps till he reached the end of them and entered the castle walking in a hallway to find a room entrance holding double doors that were open. He walked inside the room to see it was a throne room due to the size and chair at the end on top of steps which he went inside and frowned wondering what he was supposed to do for the monster to make its entrance. Ivan frowned and went to kneel near the steps and bowed his head shutting his eyes figuring that the monster would show itself once the time was appropriate. 
He heard the sound of heavy breathing ignored it and continued to keep eyes shut till a male voice sounding familiar spoke “Wakey, wakey Skyan King. It’s rather rude to sleep while waiting for a guest to arrive.”
Ivan opened his eye and raised his head to stiffen finding inches away was a familiar male crouched in front of him that was twin to the male in the High Council’s presence that continued speaking “Have you seen my female?”
He spoke “Two answers sir. No if she’s twin to your looks and yes if she’s not for I may have seen her and not recognized her as yours.”
He clamped his mouth shut as the male spoke “Hmm you recognized me. Why is that?”
He spoke “Saw someone twin to you in presence of some group with a female there too that spoke words to me.” 
He felt a headache grimaced from that only to hear from the male “Mentally speak ‘Ramses get out’ now.” 
He obeyed to feel the headache stopping abruptly and heard from the male “Ah that headache is your mind being scanned by Ramses a sentient mind walking plant that lives too many leagues from here on the ocean near the High Council’s home doing their dirty work around here. Harrumph.” 
He frowned hearing that figured to himself that this reminded him of Merra and mentally thought of her only to get a male voice sounding in his mind along with a headache “Ah you’re on Shadan not the world your thinking of smarty.” 
He mentally spoke “Fine thanks Ramses so get out.” 
He felt the headache stop shifted to focus on the male who stood up and didn’t stiffen as the male bent down to put hands on his arms raising him up to stand with seemingly great strength. 
He didn’t comment as the male spoke “You may call me Alex and that’s the name I expect you to call me from now on.” 
Ivan spoke “Fine as you wish Alex. I’m referred as Ivan. Just one question, you mind if my people take refuge in your home?” 
He eyed Alex who spoke “Don’t object as long as you listen to my advice Ivan on matters regarding the Skyans. You don’t listen I’ll kick you and your people out. This home is mine period which I’m giving you and your people permission to live in since you asked politely.”
He spoke “Fine. Alex, do you have a problem walking out with me to meet my people just to assure them that everything is fine with me and that you’re fine with us as well?”
He heard from Alex “Not a problem. Lead the way Ivan for its protocol for me to follow you around here as you’re my ruler and lord of the Skyans as well.”
He didn’t comment turned around and walked out of the room sensing Alex following him which he went out of the castle to the steps which he walked down them to hear whizzing sounds heading towards him which he stepped backwards abruptly throwing out his hands and found himself holding a headband and a triangle shaped hat that reminded him of Aiden’s. He heard howling sounds sounding annoyed to him. 
Ivan spoke loudly as the noises stopped “It’s alright! Alex here has surrendered the castle to us so stand down now!”
He eyed the bushes near his standing position down below the steps to see Ann-Nea came walking out that jogged up to him to stand next to and she spoke “Sorry Kingship but Alex as you call him did the same thing to Skyans followed them out of the castle and down part of the steps before attacking them and throwing them into the bushes before darting away.” 
He turned to face Alex and spoke “Something you want to tell me hmm?”
He heard a groan sound from Alex who spoke “Ah sorry about doing jokes on the Skyans when I should use words. Oops forgot to mention that little detail about the incidents on the steps.” 
Ivan felt pulling sensations on the hat and headband dropped them and noticed instead of hitting the ground he saw them whiz away into the bushes out of sight. 
He shifted to face Ann-Nea while speaking “Anything else I should know around here hmm? Since you neglected to tell me about this incident on the steps regarding Alex playing jokes on Skyans?”
He folded his arms to hear Alex continue groaning as Ann-Nea spoke “Argh nothing much besides getting into a fight with Alex after we stormed the castle. He managed to kick us all out while yelling at us that we weren’t the Skyan Lord he was seeking and wanted to test the ruler’s knowledge on something he refused to say what it was.” 
Ivan turned to glare at Alex with narrowed eyes who quit the groaning and got from the male in response "Alright I surrender the castle to Ivan here and his people to live here. I accept Ivan's authority over mine to rule all of us including myself. Shouldn't you be saying the same thing you stinking Drainer?"
He saw Alex glaring off his right and appeared to be glaring at someone in the bushes he turned to find Aiden jumping out to land onto the steps followed by Torrin. 
Ivan shifted to glare at Aiden and Torrin hearing Ann-Nea speaking "Whatever. Doesn't matter to me as long as I'm pleased in bed."
He ignored Ann-Nea's rude comment to focus onto Aiden and Torrin finding one of the Drainers was making a feet wiping move and appeared to be in a middle of charge aimed at him. He glared at Torrin who jumped forwards charging towards him while giving off a loud roar. Ivan ignored the roar and refused to flinch or budge from Torrin's charge. Instead he stood and waited for Torrin to calm down from his hissy fit he as the Drainer halted his charge and swung fists into his face missing him. He kept himself calm as compelled and kept the glare while glaring at Torrin who continued to give off growling sounds that turn to painful groans followed by the Drainer kneeling on one knee in front of him on the steps. 
He found Torrin bowing his head and heard "I, Torrin, submit to Ivan, King of us Skyans' authority as my King, Kingship."
He shifted to glare at Aiden who gave up a sound of disgust and got onto one knee yanking off his hat and putting it onto the ground and repeated Torrin's words while using his name of Aiden instead. Ivan found Ann-Nea doing the same as Drainers or Skyans he figured he'll refer them came out of the bushes and went up the steps to give their words of submission to him while speaking their own names. He ignored Alex behind him to turn around glaring at the male finding he had himself into a submission position of chin touching the ground with body bent that way on fours. Ivan sighed hearing nothing from Alex in response to his submission position. He figured that Alex was doing it to show to the Skyans that he was submissive to their King himself in ordered to get the Skyans to do that submission themselves. He shifted to face the other Skyans behind him giving out their submission lines echoing Torrin's and waited for Alex to remove himself from blocking the stairs. He didn't have long to wait as the entire Skyan group gave up their submission lines followed by hearing a growl from Alex behind him. 
Ivan shifted to find Alex standing that stepped aside speaking "You're all welcome into the castle as sanctuary." 
He didn't comment a response walked up the stairs hearing Alex following him with a rumbling growl sounding from the male. He ignored Alex and led the way to the throne room to spot the throne chair was boney from the looks of it. Ivan frowned as the Skyans assembled into the room forming an aisle to the throne chair. He exhaled a breath and without a word went to the throne chair going up the stairs then turned around facing the Skyans. Ivan found Alex standing off his right on a landing platform near the stairs and had arms folded ignoring him looking. He didn't comment a response instead went to sit in the chair while hearing a faint beep noise he annoyed to hear. 
Ivan wound up sitting finding the seat didn't do anything to him as Alex was heard speaking loudly "Alright the chair has a trap on it that only activates if someone other than the King sits in it. It falls backwards and dump the idiot into a tunnel that goes through the castle followed by dumped outside into the sea. The chair recognized the King sitting in it and shut off the trap. Don't ask me how I figured this joke out."
He heard growling from the Skyans spoke loudly "Unnecessary on the fists' uses. Alex admitted what he was expected to admit."
He gave the Skyans a glare finding Ann-Nea standing on the bottom steps and heard from her "Alex you mind showing Kingship where he should sleep?"
He heard her voice tone indicated of something mating wise he recognized from Gina's blaring at him and she always wanted mating. He sighed and got up ignoring Alex to find the male taking the lead this time with Ann-Nea taking his hand and holding in while giggling loudly. He heard snickering sounds from the Skyans ignored that to follow Alex to the bedroom after a maze or corridors and stairwells. He found Alex went to the corner of the room and remained lying onto the area with back to him and appeared to ignore his attempts to privacy with Ann-Nea.
Ivan got from Ann-Nea in response "Just sex me or whatever. Ignore him."
He frowned but followed Ann-Nea to the bed finding her lying on to it and appeared to have shut her eyes she sighing loudly and heard speaking "Do whatever you want."
Ivan obeyed to her order to feel her all over not sparing her privates she heard sighing loudly and kept her eyes shut in response. He found her suit covering her was detachable around her private but not her breasts. Ivan frowned as he felt himself itching to be inside her from his lust hitting him. He wound up adjusting his pants feeling it detach around his sensitive part and entered Ann-Nea. Ivan got Ann-Nea opening her eyes wide with a shocked expression on them as he thrust in and out of her she not resisting to it. He ignored Ann-Nea sensed staring at him as he thrust in and out of her feeling she was twin to Gina's Human private. 
He sighed once he spilled himself inside Ann-Nea and got from her "Are you done?"
Ivan gave Ann-Nea a glare despite she using the rude voice tone to glare at her finding she adding "We don't pair for life around here. We pair for breeding offsprings period. Don't expect me to carry a living offspring kicking within me. It'll always be an offspring inside an egg I'll carry. It's regardless from the feel of you indicating you twin to a Skyan mating with me."
Ivan gave up a sound of disgust and without a word pulled himself out of Ann-Nea to lay on the bed next to her while fixing his pants to cover himself. He thrust an arm onto his eyes only to hear growling noises from Alex sounding of anger to him. 
Ivan shifted to glare at Alex while spotting Ann-Nea getting up giving off "Good riddance."
He recalled that he was the King and leader of the Skyans spoke loudly as Ann-Nea made a motion to leave "I didn't say that you could leave Ann-Nea."
He glared at her as she folded her arms and remained silent. 
Ivan spoke again "Get yourself back onto the bed now Ann-Nea. I as your King orders you paired to me on a permanent basis. Don't even think of fighting me on that. You Skyans can pair whoever you want for breeding but you're for me only alone."
He held up a hand and waited as Ann-Nea gave up a Hmph sound and heard silence from Alex. He glared as Ann-Nea took his hand and laid down onto the bed which he forced her to be spoon fashioned by him. Ivan shut his eyes feeling himself satisfied to have Ann-Nea in his arms. He felt Ann-Nea twist into his arms to face him followed by her fingers felt stroking his cheek. Ivan pushed his face into her fingers followed by feeling a feeling of wanting to sleep as he found himself passing out unconscious.

Ivan recalled the memory of mating with Ann-Nea fully in his mind as he sat on the steps sensing Alex behind him while hearing snickering like laughter from the Skyans chattering in their gibberish talk. He ignored the Skyans chattering in their talk he noticed that Torrin, Aiden and Ann-Nea weren't around. He shifted to eye Alex who remained standing with arms folded and had refused to speak to him since Torrin, Aiden and Ann-Nea were discovered missing from the castle. He found that the Skyans refused to talk to him or communicate with him or do any of his orders. Instead the Skyans remained in the castle chattering their gibberish talk ignoring him and not accepting him as their leader. He found himself ignored after a lengthy time period forced himself to sit on the steps ignoring the throne chair. 
Ivan sat waited waiting lengthy while thinking to himself "Just wondering when I'll be taken seriously as the leader of the Skyans?"
He felt his mind scanned when he thought his question to mentally speak "What do you want now?"
Ivan heard within his mind as he sensed silence in the room "Tell the Drainers that the three Drainers that rebelled against you are paying a price tag for that rebellion."
He frowned as he felt the Meritanian stopped scanning him to hear silence from the other Skyans to focus onto them finding they were glaring at him.
He stood up and spoke "Either you pick a Leader to sit in that chair or I lead you."
He walked to sit in the chair only to hear a roar of a Skyan behind him giving off the challenge roar. Ivan ignored the roaring resumed facing the Skyans finding one Skyan he recognized as Jimo by the name and form charging up the steps throwing his headband. He caught the headband and dropped it aside finding Jimo ignored it and kept on charging up the steps towards him. Ivan stood and waited for Jimo to reach him till he felt a compulsion feeling to grab Jimo's neck area and lift him up which he proceeded to do. He wound up finding himself easily stronger than he appeared and stood holding Jimo without any exertion and found the Skyan kept on making failed attempts to free himself by kicking his legs and gagging loudly. Ivan bared his teeth feeling them fanged while eyeing the Skyans as he continued to hold Jimo dangling feet. He with great strength threw Jimo towards the Skyans who backed up refusing to catch the Skyan as the male did an acrobatic move and landed onto his feet. 
Ivan glared as Jimo jabbed a finger in his direction and spoke gibberish he shocked to find himself understanding "No way could I defeat him with that great strength of his."
He spoke finding himself speaking twin gibberish "Any other challengers?"
He heard gasps from the Skyans to glare at them finding them all including Jimo getting onto one knee and bowing their heads. He heard nothing in response from the Skyans finding them appearing to be submitting to his authority. 
He ignored Alex sensed nearby him doing his own submission pose as he spoke "Just find Aiden, Torrin and my female Ann-Nea as quick as you can now!"
Ivan got nothing in response from the Skyans only they getting up and scattering into doorways in the room and left him alone with Alex standing. He noticed Jimo standing with arms folded remaining in the room. 
Ivan spoke "Something you want, Jimo?"
He glared at Jimo who spoke in response "Ann-Nea had an ulterior motive letting you mate with her."
He didn't comment a response as Jimo added "She wanted to know if you were Skyan via the mating way as a way of sensing anything odd with you. Aiden managed to talk her into going with him to leave the castle to the forest where there's a gate I overheard him saying it to her. Torrin went to retrieve her and hasn't been back since." 
Ivan frowned but didn't comment a response as Jimo gave a bow and without a word left the room which he turned around to find Alex blocking the way to the throne chair. He glared at Alex who thrust a finger towards the doorway to the stairs to the bedroom and gave up an angry growling noise. Ivan sighed and didn't protest instead walked to the doorway only to feel Alex's hand on his shoulder in a tight grip guiding him up the stairs to the corridor to the bedroom. He seeing the way clearly despite no lights shining using night vision and found Alex refused to let go of his shoulder. 
Ivan ignored Alex felt guiding him to the bedroom which he was forced to lie onto it and told "I'll knock you out if your not sensed sleeping my King."
He heard the sarcasm of Alex's voice tone ignored the male and without a word shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep despite itching to pace waiting impatiently for Ann-Nea's arrival.
His last thought as he passed out unconscious "Where did those three Skyans go?"
He heard nothing in answer to his question.

His answer wound up answered unknowingly as the metal arched gate flashed as the Human General Kennidis went through limping. He stood panting in a large cavernous area with rocks jutting from it.  
He yelled to the other Humans standing around “Help, I’ve been scratched by a Hyperon!”
Reena the Humans’ doctor ran forwards as the other Humans hauled the short blonde haired General to a bed in another lighted cave where there were rows of beds on bed stands on the smooth floor. Kennidis groaned as Reena examined his right leg pulling up his pant where there was a torn scratch mark. 
She spoke “I don’t have the equipment to determine how serious the cut is but I can keep the infection from settling in.” 
Kennidis opened his mouth to speak when the gate flashed a shiny bright light which the Humans looked to see the light spiral in a circle and was gone. One of the Humans walked forwards towards the gate and walked through it. 
He yelled “The gate is shut!”
The Humans exclaimed “Oh no!”
Kennidis asked “Doctor how is my female?”
Reena replied gesturing to a long brown haired human female lying on a bed with a blanket over her nearby “I put Lynnina on bed rest to conserve her strength with her pregnancy. I don’t know how much longer we’ll last without the food we need.” 
Kennidis groaned as Torrin the Drainer came in the cave room with a female Drainer Ann-Nea who was being carried groaning loudly. The Humans watched as Torrin laid the female Drainer onto a bed and walked towards the doctor. 
Torrin spoke “Doctor.” 
Reena spoke “Something I can do for you Torrin?”
Torrin answered “I couldn’t help overhearing on your food issue. I suggest you lock us Drainers here with Tarree and don’t come in unless you have food for us to feed on you.” 
Reena sighed as Kennidis ordered “Do what the Drainer says.”
The Humans hauled the General out of the cave room to another cave room where the gated arch sat. 
They put him with his back leaning against the wall as he added “Have the others sat down conserving their strength and that’s an order.” 
He heard murmurs of agreements among the Humans some who were busy carrying Lynnina out of the medical cave. They laid her down with the other Human females gathered in a group. 
A Human with short brown hair named Torresin came forwards towards Kennidis speaking “General, I’ve been talking to Hades. He doesn’t remember anything about his Human life as Madisoni despite my prodding.” 
Kennidis groaned as the Shadonian Tarree came walking out of a cave entrance escorted by Hades who was speaking in Shadonian language called Solaran to him. Tarree nodded his head and walked towards the cave where Torrin stood. Torresin walked towards the walls next to the Medical cave where there was a console in the wall and pressed switches. Lights flashed as doors to the Medical cave closed locking in Torrin and Ann-Nea with Tarree. Kennidis exhaled air seeing the doors close. 
Kennidis ordered “Torresin, Hades and the others continue the watch in the citadel cave. See if anyone will peer through those windows and take shifts doing the watch but conserve your strength.” 
Torresin nodded his head and went to the cave entrance followed by Hades and four Human males. Kennidis made some sound as he sat feeling the doctor poke and prods his injured right leg with knives. 
He stared at another cave entrance longingly as Reena noticing his stare spoke “I wouldn’t recommend going in there. The air quality is real bad enough to get a Human sick with the coughing ailment that leads to death.”
She paused as Kennidis turned his head to stare with blue eyes at her brown eyes. 
She swung her long brown hair out of her face and continued “Tarree came out with the Hades suit dropping off of him carrying an unconscious Madisoni wearing the Hades mask. Torrin told me that he gave Madisoni the mask just to save his life.”
She shut her mouth as Kennidis groaned some sound. He looked at Lynnina lying on the ground surrounded by blankets with a head on the lap of a Human female he recognized to be Torresin’s mate Diazinia. Diazinia was rubbing Lynnina’s forehead with her hands moving her mouth speaking words. Lynnina moved her head shaking it with her blue eyes closed as Diazinia continued rubbing her forehead. 
Kennidis groaned out loud staring at the ceiling of the cave while whispering “Please bring help and food to help us please.” 

Kennidis' plea would be answered by the two Shadonians stood watching the Drainer Aiden sitting on the metal floor next to a large box of food while holding a small Human female in his arms. They were in a large warehouse like room surrounded by vast stacks of large boxes of food. One of the Shadonians looked at the gated arch in the middle of the room with a narrowed eyed glare. He heard Aiden speaking in Summeran the Human language to the small Human who fidgeted held in his arms. 
The Shadonian spoke to his companion “Rarkin I hope that there’s a way out of here.” 
Rarkin exhaled the stuffy air and spoke “I agree, Renito.” 
Renito and Rarkin turned their heads to look at Aiden who plopped a hand on the Human female called Madisina’s flat chest making her neck swell. Aiden opened his mouth revealing fanged teeth including two long fangs which he bit the Human’s neck and proceeded to suck the blood from within. Once finished with drinking he licked the Human’s neck and kept his hold on Madisina who again moved fidgeting in his arms. 

Aiden is the Drainer's name spoke to Madisina “I’m sorry Madisina, but I have no choice to feed on you. I promise you that there are other Humans I’ve seen them.”
Madisina spoke in a kid childish voice “Aiden I want to stand up.” 
Aiden adjusted his position and sat on the box still holding Madisina as Rarkin spoke in Shadonian “I’m hearing noises.”
The group heard a rumbling noise as the box Aiden sitting on went falling through a hole in the floor. As Aiden fell through he kept his grip on Madisina and then the box landed on dirt ground bringing up a shower of dirt. He looked up to see that he was in a cave hallway. Aiden and Madisina coughed as he heard Human exclamations and looked at his right side to see Humans staring at him. Aiden exhaled air and breathe deeply breathing the fresh air and released his hold on Madisina who stood up. He heard the Shadonians yell from above and looked to see Hades walking forwards offering his hands which Aiden took. 
Hades hauled him up and spoke “Hades” as Aiden spoke “Aiden.”.
Hades spoke in Summeran “The Humans are trapped here with no food but they have water.” 
Aiden spoke in Solaran to the Shadonians above “There are a group of Humans here who are trapped with no food but they have water so work with them.” 
The Shadonians’ from above yelled their agreements as Aiden spoke to the Humans in Summeran “There are two Shadonians with food who are trapped like you are so help them and they’ll help you.” 
The Humans muttered their agreements as a ladder arrived from above and Rarkin came climbing down. He went to the box and pressed a hand opening the box revealing stick foods. 
Rarkin spoke as Aiden translated his words “We have a large amount of food which must be rationed. You don’t know how long it’ll be before we’re all out of this prison.” 
The Humans nodded their heads as Hades spoke to Rarkin “The Humans agree with you on that.” 
Rarkin handed the Humans some sticks which they greedily ate then one spoke with Hades translating “We have other Humans. Also two Drainers contained and a Shadonian with them.” 
Rarkin closed the box and pointed to the handles on the sides. Two Humans stepped forwards picking up the box and carried it down the corridor followed by Renito, Madisina and Aiden. 

Torrin sat on the bed watching Ann-Nea groan from her labor of pushing the egg out of her. He sensed Tarree get up from a bed to sit down next to him with an object in his hand. 
Tarree spoke “The Human doctor gave me this knife and she was looking at Ann-Nea when she put it in my pocket.”
Torrin stared at Tarree who continued speaking “I recall my female was forced to push her egg out. The labor was slow and the birth opening was small. The doctor used a knife to cut her open some more to help pull the egg out. This helped shorten her labor and she had my daughter Vinissa.”
He held up the knife in his hand to Torrin who heard Ann-Nea moan out “Torrin please, do what Tarree’s female went through. I don’t think I can go through this some more.” 
Torrin took the knife and went to Ann-Nea as Tarree sat watching him. Ann-Nea with a grunt and Torrin’s cutting at her pushed the large egg out. Torrin held the large egg in his hands. 
He spoke “Tarree the egg must be kept warm to harden. Can I use your body heat for this?”
Tarree exhaled air and laid down unbuttoning his shirt and pulling his arms from the shirt and spoke “Do it, Torrin till the Humans let us out of here.” 

On Skyan's castle island, Ivan the King paced in front of the throne chair he too wired up to sleep. He stood with a frown on his lips. Groaning some sound he went to the throne chair on a set of steps and sat down. 
Alex stood next to him speaking in Skyan's language dubbed Rayala to him “Don’t worry they’ll be found Kingship.” 
Ivan growled some sound as he spoke in Rayala “You better be right, Alex. Ann-Nea is with them and she maybe carrying an egg fathered via me.” 
Alex spoke “The others that translate haven't returned from their search. Tia is still out of it with her lunacy to translate.” 
Ivan growled out “Tia is not important, what’s important is Ann-Nea.” 

The door to the Medical cave opened as Torresin with other Humans strode in and went to Torrin lying on the bed ignoring Torrin picking a Human and feeding off of him in some violent move. He was followed by two Shadonians who gasped seeing Tarree lying on the bed holding the egg under his shirt.
Ann-Nea woke up to looked up at Torresin who spoke “We have food, so feed.” 
Torrin spoke loudly once done feeding “Ann-Nea gets priority she had her egg and needs to regain her strength.” 
Torresin spoke “Agreed.” 
Torrin got up and walked towards Tarree who got up and handed him the egg as Kennidis was carried in the cave and laid on a bed on his side. Lynnina arrived carried in the room and placed on a bed next to the Humans’ General. 
Renito and Rarkin went to the Tarree who spoke “I’m High Lord Torvid, Tarree Sirus House of Vidan.”
Both Renito and Rarkin spoke “Gak.” 
Renito spoke “There’s a lot to tell you and a lot for you to tell us.” 
Tarree spoke “I get it.”
Renito wound up bored with the discussion between Tarree as he called himself and Rarkin went to explore the cave's area despite smelling odd air coming from a cave entrance. Renito stood next to a cave entrance with a Human standing in front of him. 
Hades stood by translating “Says the cave has sicknesses that make Humans sick enough to die, don’t go in.” 
Renito spoke words translated by Hades “Says I have a device on me that can tell me things which I want to use to scan the air of the cave.”
The Human stepped aside as Renito pulled out a large hand sized device from the side of his pants and waved it in front of the cave entrance. 
He cocked his long blaster gun and darted to the side of the cave yelling words which Hades howled “The Shadonian’s device tells him that a life sign is coming from the sick cave fast!” 
The Humans darted into the Medical cave as Aiden with Torrin stood outside fists ready. Hades stood to the side of the cave entrance with Renito behind him. The doctor grabbed a Human male and hauled him outside the medical cave and stood peering behind him watching. The group heard sounds of squealing as a large boxy like device on wheels arrived being pushed by a covered up figure carrying boxes on straps. The figure pitched forwards tripping. Hades walked forwards towards the figure growling some sound. 
The figure pulled at the wrapping around the face area and a female voice muffled was heard by Hades “Don’t stand there help me get this stuff off!”
Hades pulled off the cloth wrapping off the face area revealing a Human female with brown hair and an oxygen mask on her face which she yanked off showing a face identical to the Humans’ doctor Reena.
Reena seeing the Human female yelled “Rana!”
She darted around the Human male and ran towards the female who exclaimed seeing the doctor running towards her “Reena!”
Reena reached Rana and gripped her in a bear hug. 
Reena spoke “I see you deciphered my trail and got everything I needed.” 
Rana spoke “I have a lot to tell you but let’s get this stuff off.” 
The Humans darted out of the Medical cave towards Rana all talking at once. They helped Rana haul all the equipment into the Medical cave with the boxy device. 

Rana stood in front of Kennidis with the others watching her silently. 
Kennidis spoke “Where are we?”
Rana spoke words translated by Torrin to the Shadonians “You’re on Shadan the Shadonian’s home world with a Drainer base.” 
The Humans groaned as Rana continued “The cave entrance is on an island belonging to the Shadonians that were hesitance to let me through. I arrived through it in some sand wind storm. I went through extreme cold, heat and bad air just to get here. I did bring a signal device which will light up the area to the Shadonia and the Drainers outside.” 
Kennidis spoke “Any way we could dig our way out?”
Rana spoke “I don’t know if you can do that without the necessary equipment. I didn’t bring anything for this.” 

Madisina stood watching Rana talk to Kennidis. Rana went to one of the packs and hauled out a large thin boxy device and went to the boxy monitor next to Reena and plugged it in. 
Rana spoke “The signal device is on and alerting the others of your presence.”
Madisina heard Reena spoke “Madisina, I need your help with something.”
Madisina went to Reena standing next to a wall with an opening who spoke “Madisina, I need you to plug this device in the hole. Your hands are small enough for it.” 
Madisina took the plug and put her hand through it plugging up the boxy device which hummed coming to life.
Reena pulled out a long arm sized scanner and went to Kennidis lying on his bed and waved it over his injured right leg. 
She told him “It’s just a skin wound didn’t penetrate the muscle.”
Kennidis exhaled air and spoke “Scan Lynnina and see how the baby is doing.” 
Reena nodded her head and went to Lynnina waving the device over her. 
She spoke with Kennidis watching her and hearing her words “Oh dear Lynnina I’m ordering you bed rest from now on till we get out of here and get better foods. It’s a miracle that the baby managed to hold on.”
Kennidis groaned as Lynnina moaned some sound with her eyes closed. Madisina went to the wall at the end of the cave and sat down leaning against the wall staring at the group. 

One of the Skyans arrived with a Wiser in the throne room speaking “Kingship, we detected a signal coming from Wiser island underground.”
The Wiser standing next to him spoke “You have our permission to enter the Island to see the source of the signal.” 
Ivan ordered “Do it.” 
The Wiser spoke before the Skyan could leave the room “Kingship must be present to see the source for it holds something very valuable.” 
Ivan muttered “Ann-Nea?”
Then he added loudly “Prepare a Traveler to the island. I’m might as well do what the Wiser says.” 

Madisina sat leaning against the wall with her hands on her lap. She shook her head feeling dusty dirt come from the wall landing on her. Madisina rubbed her long haired brown hair with a hand. She continued sitting till she felt something touch her head and looked to see a round ball attached to wires sticking out of the wall which moved up and down. Madisina got up and stared at the object with a frown as it moved up and down. 

Hades stood next to Aiden looking at his sheathed black bladed knife which flashed turning white on his left arm showing an image of Madisina. With a growl he walked towards Madisina who was staring at the wall with her back to the group. 
A Human male blocked his way saying “Hades, Please-”
Hades grabbed the Human male and threw him on the ground behind him and continued walking towards Madisina. 
Hades heard Aiden yell “Hades!”
He flicked out the black bladed knife from its sheath on his left arm. Motion in the room stopped frozen as Hades walked towards Madisina. He grabbed the child with his right hand wrapping an arm around her and walked towards Aiden who stood with his hat in his hand. Hades sheathed his knife and ducked down as the wall Madisina was staring at exploded in a shower of rocks and dirty dust. 
Hades thrust Madisina towards Aiden who grabbed the child while speaking “Here, don’t let her go. I’ll go investigate.”
Hades thrust out his knife and walked through the wall opening. He stood in a cave corridor and saw an opening with light and walked towards it. He breathed the fresh air seeing the source of the light. He stared with shock to see the opening was a cave entrance and standing with arms folded was a Drainer with a crown on his head with three Drainers besides him. 
Hades sheathed his knife and the Drainer with the crown spoke in Rayala the Drainers’ language “Don’t block my way Hades I want to go in and see the others.” 
Hades spoke in Rayala “I get it.” 
The he walked back into the cave followed by the Drainer King and the three Drainers. 

Aiden and the others stared with shock to see the Drainer King with three Drainers arrive in the cave with Hades who spoke Summeran “There’s a cave entrance leading outside.” 
Torrin stood up when he saw the Drainer King and spoke in Rayala “The Human there has the egg which he’s keeping warm.” 
He pointed at Kennidis who was lying on his side on the bed with a budge in his thick jacket on his chest. 
The Drainer King spoke words translated by Aiden in Summeran and Torrin in Solaran “I want you all out of this prison now.”
Kennidis yelled with words translated by Aiden in Rayala and Torrin in Solaran “I agree, get me out of here!” 

Kennidis leaned against the tree from his sitting position moaning some sound. He breathed feeling the air blowing in his face with a sigh. He felt the soft earth under him and the tree he leaned against. He looked to see Lynnina lying on his lap and watched as a globe arrives from one of the Drainers escorting the Drainer King. The globe encircled the Drainer surrounding him in a golden ball. The Drainer King walked in the globe carrying Ann-Nea as a second Drainer carried the egg walked inside along with Aiden. The globe rose in the air and flew in the sky disappearing from sight. Kennidis saw other beings like the Wiser arrive with a large cloth sack. They were handing each of the Humans round red food which the Humans greedily ate. Torresin arrived with a Wiser who went to kneel in front of the Human General.
The Wiser spoke in Summeran “You were told that you and your people are on Shadan the Shadonians home world. You and your people will stay on this island for there is no place for Humans except here. We will teach you along with a Human female called Amyanna how to survive here.” 
The Wiser paused as Torresin wandered off towards Hades. 
Reena standing next to the Wiser spoke “General, I have to agree with the Wiser. Lynnina is in no condition to travel long distances. Short distances yes but not with the baby she’s carrying.” 
Kennidis groaned as the Wiser handed him some round red food which he thrust at Lynnina’s mouth. 
She bit into it greedily eating as Kennidis spoke “Fine, we’ll stay here for what price?”
The Wiser pointed at a large tree like plant two Wisers were putting in the cave entrance. Then they let go of the plant as spines appeared from the plant blocking the entrance. 
The Wiser spoke “See that plant? We have marked our territory on the island with those plants. Don’t enter our territory for anything not to get food for we need it ourselves. You and your people are in our territory and the food we share with you is what we eat. We have a place out of our territory prepared by Amyanna which we’ll take you.”

Torresin stood next to Hades holding onto Madisina’s hand. Torresin saw a Wiser arrive from above landing on the ground with a thump. He watched as Human female wearing gonoid skin clothing detached herself from the Wiser’s back and walked towards them. 
Madisina seeing the Human female yelled “Mama!”
Hades looked to see the Human female and let Madisina pull him towards her. 
He spoke as he let go of Madisina “Amyanna.”
Madisina ran towards the Human female who bent down gripping Madisina in a hug. She straightened up as Torresin reached her with Hades. 
Torresin spoke “Are you Amyanna? Your mate’s name is Madisoni?”
The Human female Amyanna nodded her head as Torresin spoke “Madisoni is now Hades, who doesn’t remember his Human life but he remembers you.”
Amyanna stared at the Human male with confusion on her face as Torresin looked at Hades who was staring at her. 
He tapped Hades on the shoulder and spoke “Please show her your face.”
Hades stared at Amyanna as he put a hand on his forehead and removed the mask showing his face. 

Amyanna gasped seeing her mate Madisoni’s face. She frowned as Hades reached with both hands and pulled her towards him holding her in a hug. 
He moaned out “Amyanna, found you.” 
Torrin walked by escorted by another Drainer seeing Hades holding Amyanna went to stand next to them. 
Hades let go of Amyanna putting the mask back on his face and spoke before Torrin could speak “This is my female, I’m not leaving her or my child Madisina. I don’t care what the King says I’m not leaving them.” 
Torrin held up both hands and spoke “Hades, I’ll see that the King is informed of this.” 
A Wiser walked forwards towards Torrin and the Drainer escorting him speaking in Rayala “The King letting the Humans live here as their sanctuary is a good idea but you must be willing to trade with them. For you and the others to feed on the Humans, you must be willing to offer something in return for their will to live requires this.” 
Torrin cocked his head as the Wiser continued “The Humans have a code of life that requires when a Drainer feeds on them, the Drainer must offer something in return.”
Torrin spoke “I get it I’ll see that the King is informed of this.”

Torrin exhaled a breath as the Wiser walked off and without a word formed a globe over himself and flew it towards the Skyans' castle. At reaching the area he reverted back the globe and went to the medical bay only to get grabbed by the neck by the Skyan King that lifted him dangling his feet while holding a hand onto the area. He heard the growling noise from the Skyan King to gulp while feeling himself choking. He kept his mouth into a thin line as the Skyan King threw him further into the cave he landed onto his feet as if compelled. He found Alex behind the Skyan King blocking his way of leaving the cave as Kingship gave him a teeth baring glare. Torrin groaned softly and realized that the Skyan King wanted him to admit something.
He spoke firmly "Jimo overheard Aiden pressuring Ann-Nea your female to leave with him. He was in the forest when he overheard that. He was unable to stop them from leaving which he ran straight to me at the castle and told me everything. I managed to track Aiden to a traveler gate in the forest and tried to keep them from going through. Aiden put up a fight despite Ann-Nea wound up going through. I followed Ann-Nea to where she went despite Aiden going elsewhere. We both wound up in that cave area with those Humans she coming out indicating she was growing an offspring from bending down groaning in front of me. I wound up finding the gate refused to let me through while carrying Ann-Nea. Hades arrived from another cave having sick air enough to kill a Human. He was carrying a human having his mask on and got form shredded into a Shadonian who said his name was High Lord Torvid. He from talks with him indicated that he's the missing Shadonian High Lord, before the Shadonia found their underwater home and went into this hissy fit on who'll lead them. The gates wound up shut as a result not letting anyone leave. I wound up trapped with Ann-Nea and Humans who didn't have food nourishments but only drinking nourishments. Ann-Nea wound up birthing the egg with my help on the advice of Torvid insisting that I cut her to help her push the egg out-"
Torrin got interrupted by Tiffana the medic speaking "I agree that the cutting her would have helped her birth the egg. Without it she would have disappeared from the efforts of pushing the egg out. He kept her alive to live another day. I do warn you that mating with Ann-Nea again is going to take awhile till I determined that she's completely healed from the cuts. She's normal for suffering from hunger involving the essence. She sucked the essence in a fast move from a packet I gave her. She's going to be on bed rest for awhile. Nothing you can do about her, Kingship till I determined her well enough to leave medical bay. My order as medic is to see Skyans' and their health take priority to your leadership orders, Kingship, but I submit to you as my leader, Kingship."

Ivan spoke in response hearing the firmness of the medic's voice tone "Anything you want to admit regarding Aiden, Torrin?"
He glared at Torrin who spoke "He reeked of mating urges smell from him when I was near him trying to retrieve Ann-Nea. It's either his head or his mating urges running him. He was considering himself a mate to Ann-Nea before you, Kingship arrived to have her to yourself."
Ivan heard from the medic "Ann-Nea during moments of lucidity admitted that she was willing to pair herself to you, Kingship on a permanent basis on your orders. She's still going through a little insanity which is normal from carrying an egg. It's not permanent like what's happening to Tia at the moment. Tia appears to be suffering from insanity from birthing an egg that made her that way. I recognized the signs from Ann-Nea within Tia. I should have known that but didn't think of it."
Ivan didn't protest as Alex grabbed his shoulder and guided him out of the medical bay he hearing nothing in response and got ordered "Steps Kingship. You can walk."
He sighed hearing Alex's firmness finding the male's clawed hand was off his shoulder. He felt annoyance take hold without a word marched up the steps intending to take a route to the throne room only to find Alex guiding him to his familiar route to his bedroom to his annoyance. 
Ivan gave Alex a glare who without a word got him onto the bed and got told "Just sleep. You need it."
He grunted an annoyed sound and without a word shut his eyes passing out unconscious-
A sound of disgust interrupted Terror, Nikolas heard was from Victor who had his helmet back onto his head and had arms folded. He glared at Victor in response as Terror stopped talking by the silence. He found the silence seemingly lengthy till he heard a loud ahem sound and heard a Hayu speaking 

The Humans stood bunched together watching in the Times Square of New York City, a city in the nation, United States of America, watching and waiting. It was night time near midnight as they stood in the cold shivering; watching above on one of the buildings had a glowing shiny ball with lights on it. It would descend down on a pole to reach the bottom which the numbers 2003 would flash signaling the New Year. Screens on the buildings in the Times Square flashed on and off along with billboards flashing. It was barely the year of 2003 the New Year was almost upon the Humans in the United States. They stood blowing noisemakers and making cheering sounds as the ball began its slow descendant.  The screen below the ball flashed the time as the crowd shifted getting more and more excited. Men in uniforms of the Police stood nearby keeping an eye on the crowd. The crowd chanted counting down the time as the ball started down the end of the pole. The large screen below the pole flashed counting backwards from the number ten as the crowd chanted along screaming out their joy. The ball reached the end and the numbers 2003 flashed as a large foggy white cloud came blowing through the city blinding the Humans followed by a loud booming like sound as the sky above burst in fire raining down on the Humans who ran screaming. Then the building with the ball shattered in fire falling apart as the Humans ran in the chaos screaming in pain as things around them burst apart hitting things in their paths. Some fell to the ground dying from the chaos around them as water came flowing, beginning to cover the Humans.  
One of the Humans screamed “Will this chaos end?”

Coyote August Wilson, dubbed Coyote by the state of Connecticut's Native Americans, with the name he accepted. 
He walked into the forest of the night in the snow with a long gun in hand having a flashlight attached. Coyote was hunting for the Amula, both wolf and Human change abilities, hidden in the forest of New York. 
He paused from crouching onto the ground, eying wolf's prints, to adjust the strap of his backpack on his back. He stood as the sky lit up with firelight illuminating the forest. 
Coyote looked up to see the sky full of fire along with shaking of earthquakes and booming noises. He felt himself nervous unexpectedly while staring at the sky and as a tree tipped forward falling towards him. 
Coyote ran in panic as the mess of tree branches landed onto him pining him onto the ground on his side. He groaned loudly as white smoke arrived, not smelling of fire to him. It came fogging through out the clearing blinding him, followed by intense pressure pushing him into the ground. 
Coyote shook his head struggling to stay awake from the air that went thin. His eyes sight went blurry as blackness of an unconscious status over took him. 
Coyote stood on the middle of a bridge staring at a misty wall of clouds facing him at the end of the bridge. He turned to his side and looked at his reflection on the water. He saw wolf’s golden eyes where Human eyes were stared at him from his reflection. 
He sensed a presence and looked to see Longbow, the Amula's pack leader in Human form, of a Native American, on the opposite side of the bridge. Snow fell lightly coating the ground behind Longbow staring at him with identical eyes. 
Longbow he heard spoke “What about Brittany and your son?”
Coyote looked away then sighed softly hearing Longbow's reference to an Amula female named Brittany. He frowned as Longbow repeated his question regarding his son Sam he fathered through Brittany, an Amula male full grown.
He stared at Longbow who held up a hand and frowned. He walked towards Longbow and reaching the man he gripped his hand. Coyote allowed himself pulled off the bridge as blackness arrived. 
Coyote felt an urge hitting him and jerked his eyes open unseeing in the darkness. He heard a gasp sound as he sensed a female presence and reached for her. Hands touched his arms as he reached for her face bringing his lips to hers and pulled her down towards him. 
Coyote spoke recognizing the female form as he broke of the kiss “Brittany.”
He heard her speak “Coyote.” 
Coyote lay on his side eyes closed, felt fur in his arms and opened his eyes with a jerk to face a snout. Coyote stared at the features of the white wolf with recognition on his face. He removed his arm to lie on his back as the wolf lifted its head and changed form to Brittany, a Human female. 
Coyote stared at where he was inside a hut with a frown. His eyes eyed the gun lying on a hook on the hut’s wall then his eyes went to Brittany staring at him. He sat up with long blonde hair around his face as she sat up and felt her hand on his shoulder. 
Coyote placed a hand on hers as she rubbed his cheek with her other hand. He sighed loudly. He sensed her let go. He watched her lean over to pick up folded animal skin clothing with shoe moccasins which she placed on his lap. 
Coyote spoke “I’ll need food and drink, Brittany.”
He saw Brittany nod her head then watched her get up walking naked to a set of folded clothing and shoe moccasins. He saw her put on her form then continue to stare at her putting her black hair back in a braid. He frowned as she left the hut swishing the blanket behind her. He sighed loudly. 
 Inside the hut Coyote stared at the gun hanging on the hook while dressed in the animal skin clothing. He staring at the gun pulled his blonde hair back and braided a low braid which he tied with a string. He stood up and walked towards the gun. He reached it as Longbow arrived into the hut with Brittany behind him carrying a cup and a bowl. 
He fiddled with the gun hearing a click sound as he yanked the bullet out of it. He bent down towards his back pack riffling through it. He pulled out a metal box and opened it to place the bullet into it among other bullets then straightened up to stare at Longbow with Brittany behind him. 
Coyote with a frown on his face stared as Brittany wordlessly stepped forwards and handed him the bowl which he took. He went to sit on a bench made out of sticks standing next to him. Coyote ate the food ravenously with Brittany sitting on the bench next to him as Longbow stood watching with arms folded. Once done he handed the bowl to Brittany who handed it to Longbow. She, he saw handed him the cup which he gulped down. He tossed the cup to Longbow who caught it. Coyote watched him leave the hut as he leaned back against the wall. 
He felt Brittany’s hand touch his cheek which he closed his eyes pushing his face into her hand. He felt her arm go around him followed by her forehead touching the side of his face in place of her hand. Coyote sighed from Brittany's touch of acceptance.
He recalled to himself "I wanted the acceptance from the Amula. It appears I got it from Brittany like I hoped."
He sighed again and put his arms around Brittany who he heard sighed from his hug hold. 

The planet teeming of life sat in space orbited by a moon that circled the planet. In the planet on one side facing the sun had a cluster of islands dotted together on the oceans of water which moved by the moon’s gravitational pull. The planet was in a galaxy of seventeen planets and was the seventh planet from the sun. The seventh planet sat, orbited really smaller than the large moon, by large bulky tree shaped like space ships. They sat orbiting the planet watching and waiting as a round white ball arrive flying in space. The ball hit the planet with erupted in a cloud of white which surrounded one part of the planet free of the island clusters, on the ocean of its waters. The space ships moved flashing its lights as the cloud disappeared revealing a large continent sitting in the oceanic waters. The continent appeared battered with burning fires which the clouds of the planet arrived over it pouring rainy water-
The spoken Hayu, Nikolas saw was reading the story from the book of Hayu got interrupted by boos and hisses along with hearing "Spare us that book now!"
Nikolas groaned softly hearing Dictator another form of Hayu speaking that comment to glare at Terror next to him to without a flinch from the look began speaking.

Ivan woke up groaning loudly as he heard Alex's familiar comment involving sleeping while there were visitors. 
He gave Alex a glare who spoke in response "There's a Human answering to the name of Trian that reeks of some substance involving his blood within him. He has arrived to the castle seeking an audience with you and seems to know something involving a Skyan answering to the name of Tia-"
Ivan interrupted "Just let me sleep-"
He was interrupted "Trian refused to be shooed away instead claimed that Tia is his Mother."
He opened his eyes to glare at Alex who without a word got him up from the bed and got ordered "Throne room, my King."
Ivan heard the sarcasm of Alex's voice ignored the male and went to the throne room finding Torrin standing there among the court who looked annoyed. 
He exhaled a breath recognizing Torrin's behavior was speak for "Aiden's taken off again."
Ivan didn't say a word in response instead spoke to Torrin "Just bring the visitor into here now."
He found Torrin walking out of the room without questioning his orders.

On one of the islands in the ocean, a human male with short dirty sun blonde colored hair, skin pale and he had blue eyes, stood near a short rocky wall, while wearing thick brown animal skins which molded to his body. The sun was high in the sky and he blinked his eyes from the sun. The Human sigh some sound watching water spill from the ocean over the rocky wall. He instinct took a step back from the wall and heard a growl behind him. Turning around the Human male faced a Humanoid being of the species called Drainer, stood with arms folded watching him from an opening in a rocky cave like castle that stuck out of the cliff walls of the island.
The Drainer spoke in the Human’s language called Summeran “Human, the King has granted your wish for an audience with him, come.” 
The Human followed the Drainer inside the castle. 

Jimo a Skyan on patrol noticed something floating in the water near the island. He figured it was a Human made sea vessel. 
Groaning he figured to himself "It's too close to the castle."
He formed a globe around himself and flew it to the ship landing on the deck only to find Humans coming out wearing cloud colors with guns in their hands pointed at him. He spoke in Summeran the Humans language "Greetings. Your sea vessel is too close to my home so move it."
He found the Humans in response fired their guns aimed at him. Jimo grunted feeling pain of pricks all over his front along with sleepiness hitting him. He collapsed onto the ground shutting his eyes and then woke up shaking his head groaning in pain. He found himself in chains attached to the wall and pulled at them uselessly. He was in a small room that was cloud colored all around and was sitting on a bed with the chains attached to him. Groaning some sound he looked to see a Human male with cloud colored short hair wearing night sky colored clothing stood with arms folded. The Human stood in front of a doorway with triplet other Humans besides him wearing cloud colored masks on covering their faces. Jimo dizzily stared at the Human male who spoke words in Summeran he struggled to understand. He groaned putting a hand onto his head and shook his head. Jimo leaned back in the bed and fell asleep letting the darkness consume him. 

The Human male Alexei stared at the prisoner with a frown and spoke “Have medical examine this being and let me know the results of the tests.” 
One of the orderlies standing next to Alexei groaned out “I think judging by his behavior, we must have drugged him too much.” 
Alexei sigh and spoke “Once this being is awake see that he’ll accept the nourishment he needs once tests reveal that.” 
Alexei gestured with a hand as four orderlies arrived into the room with a stretcher. One of them put on an oxygen mask on the prisoner’s face and proceeded to free him from the chains. Then they hauled the prisoner onto the stretcher and left the room followed by Alexei and his escorts. 

Jimo groaned sensing something under his nose and shook his head. The smell persisted as he opened his eyes white orbs on the mask of his face. He stared at a Human female with black hair and odd colored eyes of an animal, dubbed gonoid for animal species on Shadan. She was dressed in plant colored clothing that covered her form entirely. She had an opened packet of something stinky under his nose which she was waving. Jimo found himself in chains again and was quick to snatch the packet he recognized as his essence. 
He greedily drank the contents discovering it was pure essence and moaned out in Summeran “More, what I had isn’t enough.” 
The female gasped of surprise as she spoke in Summeran “You understand our language?”
Jimo groaned out speaking hesitantly “We can translate many languages except a few that we can’t translate.”  
He leaned back on the bed as the female without a word left the room. Jimo watched one Human with short cloud colored hair stood watching him via the doorway. 
Jimo spoke “I’m named Jimo and my species is called Drainer for we drink the bloody essence from within people to survive. We can translate many languages except there are a few that are untranslatable.” 
The Human male spoke “The name is Alexei. What do you know of a species called Shadonia?”
Jimo replied “I know them well. We Drainers have been acting as translators between the Shadonia and your species the Humans. Shadonian blood I must mention is poisonous to Drainers. I should tell you that Shadonian males refer me as Jam.”
At Alexei’s exhaled air gasp, Jimo added “Shadonian males mix up people’s names when they say it. Oh don’t teach the Shadonia, Human language of Summeran, they can’t process it in their minds.”
He groaned rubbing a hand on his head shaking it. 
Jimo continued speaking “I need more blood, the amount I had isn’t enough to heal from the stuff you gave me including some injury to my head I'm feeling. What I need are about triplet Humans to feed on.” 
Alexei spoke “I’ll see that you’ll get what you need, Jimo, in return for you to translate.”
Jimo spoke “I agree with your request and will do it. I'll serve your people as honor oath for all Drainers to act as translators towards your species and the Shadonia.” 
He added as Alexei appeared to form a glare "You Humans have been living on this planetary world dubbed Shadan-"
He was interrupted "Shadan? That explains why our satellites orbiting our home world aren't answering communications. Including getting mysterious communications from people dubbing themselves Shadonia from what we could decipher of their confusing language. Their appearing to be dark skinned elves, complete with pointy ears and all white eyes and a Human like form but has clawed hands-"
Jimo spoke firmly interrupting "Humans are forbidden to speak Shadonian languages! Leave that language speaking to us, Drainers! Now about the nourishment I asked you, Human as you're called!"
He gave Alexei a glare who stared at him with a frown who spoke "I have questions that needs answering, Jimo."
Jimo answered feeling himself itching to feed again "I'll answer your questions willingly but I must have some nourishment. I'm beginning to feel nothing but getting nourishment. I warn you that I'll go insane if I don't have the nourishment, Alexei."
He glared at Alexei who without a word left the room seeing a shiny metallic door shut in response. 
Jimo glared as he mentally thought "Stinking Human playing this food withheld bit onto us Drainers again for something in return."
He heard nothing in response to his thinking to feel his mind scanned to mentally add "Ramses, get out now!"
Jimo heard a monotone male voice blaring in his mind in response "It's Tank not Ramses. Ramses is busy doing whatever joke he can to annoy the High Council at the moment. Excuse me while I fix this ridiculous situation you're at, at the moment by Humans who aren't getting it what's going on."
Jimo kept his mind blank in response as Tank left his mind by the mind scanning sense going away. He glared at the door to the cell he assumed he was in with a glare seemingly lengthy impatiently waiting. 

The Human male shifted his feet facing the Drainer King sitting in a bony chair. They were in a large cavernous room which the ceiling had rocky outcroppings jutting from it. There were large balls of light that glowed from the ceiling lighting up the room. The Human called Trian could see the other Drainers in the room watching him. The Drainer King, like the male Drainers, Trian could see had on his face night black covering from his nose to his forehead like a half mask which left his mouth and chin bare. There were white shiny orbs coming from the mask where the eyes were on the males. The mask covered the male Drainer’s neck hiding it. The Drainer King was wearing cloud white clothing that seemed to be made out of skins with fur trim. There was a crown of shiny metal on the Drainer King’s head of night colored black long shoulder length hair. Trian could see above him were a set of ten steps which led to the Drainer King sitting in the chair that seemed to be made of bones. Trian stared at the Drainer King. He was speaking words translated by another Drainer was called Torrin who was wearing an animal like smooth skin of cloud and night colored designs with a headband of metal on his short night colored haired head while standing next to Trian both equal in height. 
Trian shifted his arms as Torrin asked in the Human language “Says what you are doing here, Human?”
Trian answered “I’m here because of my mother.” 
He heard Torrin translating his words to the Drainer King. Standing below the Drainer King on the set of steps, on the side, was a humanoid with scaly like cloud covered skin that appeared to be rough. The being had long wavy night colored hair and clawed hands which cracked open as the being shifted arms. Trian could see the being was a Luneran, by his skin like wings which jutted out of his back and his all black night colored eyes that seemed beady like boring at him. The Luneran had a tail from his back which twitched as he shifted his bent at the knee legs and clawed feet. Trian noticed that the Luneran put a hand on his long sword which was hanging on a scabbard attached to a belt around a jagged brown skirt around his waist while fingering it.
Torrin spoke “Says to see your mother isn’t a good enough excuse, human.” 
Trian slowly fingered the small knife hidden in his left hand by his brown animal like skin clothing. He swung his arm throwing the hidden knife as Torrin grabbed his neck. Trian heard a whining like squeal as a figure appeared in front of the Drainer King which the Drainer Lord stood up grabbing the figure on the neck with his pale hands while roaring some sound. The figure Trian could see was a Human male with night colored short hair and had identical clothing to self. The Human male groaned dropping the sword he had in his hand as the Luneran grabbed the male’s left arm and started tearing off objects attached to it while throwing them onto the floor.  One of the objects was the knife Trian threw which had landed on the Human male’s arm. 
Torrin at the moment let go of Trian’s neck who coughed as Torrin spoke to him “How did you know of the Human?” 
Trian spoke “By the smell and his shadow on the ground.” 
He heard Torrin translated his words as the Drainer King handed the luckless Human male to the Luneran who proceeded to carry him down the steps. 
The Human screamed words in Summeran which Trian heard “You didn’t save her, for you should die for that!”
The Drainer King followed the Luneran down the steps. Trian saw a female Drainer step forward holding a needle like cylinder in her one of hands which had liquid in it. There was a long arm sized device in her other hand. The female Drainer, Trian saw had a black night colored mask which covered half of her face from the nose area to below covering the neck area. Her hair like all the female Drainers were long black night colored passes the shoulders. He saw the female’s eyes were all cloudy white along with the forehead and the eyes with the eyelashes were narrowed looking at him. Trian frowned as the female Drainer a medic by the coat with a symbol, over her black and white smooth animal like skin clothing, injected the luckless screaming Human with the cylinder in the neck. The Human male, Trian saw stopped his ranting and struggling against the Luneran’s clawed hand grips and went slack closing his brown eyes. 
The female Drainer spoke words while waving an arm sized device over the luckless Human with her other hand which Torrin translated “Says this Human is sick, poisoned by the technology on his arm. It’ll take awhile before he returns to normal.”
Trian nodded his head as the Luneran adjusted his hold on the Human carrying him out of the room through an aisle of Drainers and through a large arch at one side of the room. 
Trian noticed the Drainer King standing at his side and the Drainer Lord offered his right hand while speaking words Torrin still standing at the Human’s side translated “Kingship says I would like to shake your hand for helping us.” 
Trian spoke “I don’t shake hands.” 
Torrin snarled out “You’re in a room full of Drainers. I suggest you cooperate, Human or else.” 
Trian groaned some sound and offered his right hand touching the Drainer King’s hand who grabbed the Human’s thumb twisting it tightly. Trian groaned at the pain and one knee went down nearly touching the metal floor. 
Groaning he heard Torrin speak “Who are you really? I suggest your cooperate.”
Trian groaned out from the pain “My name is Trian and Tia is my mother.” 
Trian groaned feeling the Drainer King put a hand on his chest making his neck swell and his eyes sight became hazy. In the haze he barely saw the Drainer King open his mouth showing retractable fangs and felt the Drainer Lord put his mouth on the Human’s neck biting it with his fangs. Trian groaned some sound as the Drainer King sucked his blood from within. Then the Drainer King licked the puncture marks closed with his tongue and proceeded to let go of Trian who dropped to the floor on his knees. He groaned shaking his head as the Drainer King spoke words which got the other Drainers to growl some sounds. 
Trian felt a hand grip his neck and rise to a standing position by Torrin who growled out “Despite your mother being a Drainer, your blood is pure for a Human, Trian, explain that.” 
Trian groaned hearing the Drainer King speaking words which Torrin added “Never mind, for the King has decreed that you’ll do as one of our food sources.” 
Saying this, Torrin hauled Trian down an aisle of growling Drainers through a large arch in the wall. Trian didn’t struggle as Torrin half dragged him down the stairs that curved towards the right side in a circle. 
Trian groaned out “where are you taking me and when can I see my mother?”
He heard Torrin roar “No talk, Human!”
Torrin reached a door in the wall and opened it with one hand while still gripping Trian. He hauled Trian through a cave like hallway lit by glow balls in the walls over boxes, which Trian could see had metal gated arches on both sides. There were boxes next to the gated arches which had electricity zapping from them with the glow balls shining. Torrin reach a gated arch and pull it sliding open and threw the Human pass the arch. The gate to the cell slid closed as Trian groaned landing on the dirt covered floor. He looked to see Torrin staring at him with arms folded growling. Then Torrin went to the side of the arch pulling a switch. Trian heard the hum of electricity coursing through the metal. 
Torrin spoke “Don’t touch the cell bars, electricity and you’ll live.” 
Trian frowned groaning as Torrin opened his mouth to speak and then the Drainer shook his head and walked away. Groaning Trian explored his cell which was dark and square with a long metal like bench coming from one wall, of the glow ball lights. Trian groaned as he went to the bench and laid down on it and soon had fallen asleep.
He wondered to himself “When will I see my mother and will she help me?” 

Aiden stood in the throne room in the Drainer castle. He stared at a female Drainer named Kayra who was standing next to him. On the other side of her was Torrin who also was staring at Kayra. 
Ivan the Drainer King spoke “Kayra chose who to mate with.” 
Kayra looked at Aiden, Ivan saw while giving off a faint growling noise. He found she appeared to hear him as he became silent when she looked at Torrin who was staring at her. 
She walked towards Torrin speaking “I chose Torrin to mate with.” 
Aiden inside seethed as Torrin lips formed a small smile as he took Kayra's hand and left the throne room escorting her. Aiden folded his arms with his lips in a frown. 
He spoke “If there’s a female out there I’ll mate with her.” 
Ivan stood up from the throne chair speaking “You will mate with female Drainers only and that’s an order, Aiden.” 
Aiden protested “But that’s a decade away!”
Ivan snarled out “Female Drainers only, Aiden.” 
Aiden growled loudly then put his hands to his sides with fists while staring at the Drainer King who added “You may leave Aiden.” 
Aiden bowed a small bow and left the throne room growling some sound.
Alex was standing off the side of the steps leading towards the throne chair spoke “A pity.” 
Ivan sat down in the chair staring at Alex.
Alex noticing Ivan’s stare continued “I could sense the mating urge coming from Aiden. I wouldn’t be surprised if it consumes him to think of nothing but that.” 
Ivan exhaled air with his lips in a frown line.

Aiden stood on a balcony with steps leading down towards the ground of the castle. The sun was shining showing the new day. He stood growling to himself as he stood staring out at the forest bordering the castle. 
He heard a step behind him and stiffened hearing Torrin’s voice speaking in a happy tone “Aiden, Don’t worry you’ll have a female to mate with.”
Aiden snarled some growl as Torrin went to stand next to him. 
Torrin said with a serious tone “Aiden why are you so upset?”
Aiden growled out “The mating urges have been getting stronger each passing day. The King ordered me to mate with a female Drainer. I do not think I have a decade to wait before this consumes me.”
Torrin exhaled air and put a hand on Aiden’s shoulder who grabbed the hand yanking it off. 
Torrin spoke “Aiden, I’m sorry about this but orders are orders.”
He heard Aiden speak “I don’t care what the King ordered. The first female not a Drainer comes forwards wanting me, I’m mating with her.”
Torrin exhaled air and spoke “The King ordered female Drainers only.” 
Aiden snarled “To the depths with the King! The urges to mate are getting stronger each day and I haven’t been sleeping due to them bothering me! I should have challenged the King for Ann-Nea!” 
Torrin stared at Aiden with shock and echoed “Challenged the King for Ann-Nea?”
Aiden replied “I wanted Ann-Nea and she wanted me but the King wanted her which I let him take without a fight. Now I’m regretting this.”
Torrin spoke “Aiden-“ 
Aiden cut him off “I don’t care what the King says. If I find a willing female I will mate with her.” 
Torrin exhaled air and said “The King will order the female to die if you disobey him.” 
Aiden lowered his arms and turned to face Torrin. 
Aiden spoke “If he does this I’ll see that the King dies by my hand and I mean it. This conversation is over.” 
Saying this Aiden walked down the steps with Torrin staring at his back. Torrin shook his head and walked into the castle opening behind him and entered the hallway. He looked with shock to see Alex restraining Ivan with a clawed hand on the Drainer King’s mouth.
Alex spoke “We heard every word. Ivan will do nothing about this and I’ll see to that.” 
Torrin groaned as Alex let go of Ivan releasing his mouth. 
Ivan snarled some growl as Alex continued “It’s highly unlikely for a non Drainer female to be willing to mate with Aiden but should this happens, Ivan will see that she lives. I smelled the urges coming from Aiden and their very powerful which would consume him soon.” 

Trian groaned feeling water splashed on his face. 
He opened his blue eyes with annoyance on his face to stare at Torrin holding a cup in his hand who yelled “Wake up Trian!”
Trian got up as Torrin dropped the cup, grabbed his arm and pulled the Human out of the cell down the hallway towards the door. Trian didn’t protest as Torrin brought him to the familiar steps and walked up them till they reached an opening in the wall which led to the Drainer throne room. Trian frowned as Torrin hauled him towards the stairs where the Drainer King sat in his throne besides him was the Luneran. Another Drainer stood at the steps with his triangle shaped hat in his hands. The Drainer had his long hair pulled back in a braid, which Trian recognized to be Aiden, stood watching him with a growl. Trian felt Torrin kick him at the knees and fell to the ground landing on his knees. 
The Drainer King spoke words translated by Torrin “Kingship says communications from the Shadonia says King Winter’s Traveler was seen by them hitting the planet Shadan over a large body of water in a cloud a mile from the Drainer Isle on the ocean. In place of the cloud appearing is a large continent filled with life, mostly Humans. What do you know of that?”
Trian stared with confusion frowning and held his tongue. 
He heard Torrin growl out “Trian, answer the King now!” 
Trian spoke “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
Torrin’s response was to hit him on the left ear with a fist roaring out “Liar!”
Aiden spoke in the Human’s language words translated by Torrin to the Drainers “I visited one of the cities, called by this name, New York City which appears to be in some battle judging by the Humans lying on the ground and tall structures looking like they were broken with pieces of them scattered on the ground.” 
Trian rubbed his ear where Torrin had hit him with a frown hearing Aiden’s words.
Aiden continued “Have you found that Human, Kanny is his name, whose wearing the technology on his arm?”
Torrin replied “He was caught with a sword about to attack Kingship. This Human Trian here revealed him with a knife thrown on his tech on the arm. Kanny was like the medical said poisoned by the technology.”
Trian asked “What did Kanny mean by his words?”
Torrin raised a fist but a word from the Drainer King lowered his hand and spoke “Aiden you tell him that.” 
Aiden spoke to Trian “We found Kanny and his unnamed female sick in a cave during one of our excavations exploring the island area. The female was sick with some illness that Kanny refused to say what it was. 
He kept saying ‘Save her.’ 
Over and over in some lunacy way, despite us repeatedly asking him to tell us. I distracted Kanny while the medicals were forced to end the female’s life ending her suffering. Kanny wasn’t pleased and went into hiding with his tech on his arm. There have been acts of sabotage around here which we suspect was Kanny.”
Trian frowned speaking “I admit I’ve never heard of Kanny himself or seen him before.” 
Torrin growled out “We still haven’t found out where those two came from.”
Trian asked “Did the female have a tech on her arm hence her sickness?”
Aiden answered “No, medic say the sickness appeared to be something that Kanny was poisoning her with through mating via the poisoning of the tech he was wearing. It was making his essence taste awful enough to make a Drainer sick with the expelling through the mouth-"
Trian heard the Drainer King roar a noise sounding angry. He grimaced inwardly and focused onto the Drainer King speaking words finding the male's words weren't translated like he hoped. He found Torrin and Aiden ignoring his ahem noises. Trian felt disgust take hold as Torrin grabbed his arm which he struggled finding the male was hauling him out of the castle. He kept on struggling to free himself as Torrin got him out of the castle and tossed him off the steps from the highest point. Trian found himself falling towards the rocks down below only to groan in pain once he hit them. 
He found himself passing out unconscious as his last thought was "Help me!"

Aiden walked towards the lower part of the castle and entered an opening. He stood in the medical bay. It was a large room with serious of beds with equipment next to them flashing monitors. He stared at Ann-Nea lying asleep on a bed and next to her was a boxy device that hummed. He could see the egg sitting in the device with a frown as the medical doctor a female named Tiffana stood over it waving a long arm sized scanner. 
Aiden thought “None of this would have happened if the King hadn’t chosen you.” 
Tiffana noticed Aiden asked “Aiden, something I can do for you?”
Aiden groaned out “Doctor the mating urges have been getting stronger, don’t you have anything I could take for them?”
Tiffana with scanner in hand walked towards Aiden and waved the scanner over his form. 
She spoke “No, sorry Aiden. You’ll have to put up with them till a female is ready for mating which won’t happen in a decade.” 
Aiden groaned out “I haven’t been sleeping well with the tracking device on my back which isn’t helping me. Can you take it off and put it somewhere else?”
Tiffana exhaled air and spoke “That I can do so come to a bed and I’ll do it.” 
She put the scanner in her large pocket of her medical coat. Aiden walked towards a bed and sat down with his back to her. Tiffana pulled out a box from under the bed and riffled through it before pulling out a device. She examined Aiden’s back where a long rectangle device was sewed to his outer skin suit clothing on his back. Using the device she cut the threads and released the device from him.
Tiffana spoke “Aiden hold out your left arm, I’ll put the tracking device there.”
Aiden obeyed watching her sew the device onto his skin suit clothing on the left arm. 
Exhaling air Aiden stood up as the doctor continued “Try drinking milk for those mating urges. See if they’ll help you or not.” 
Aiden replied “I will try that, thank you.” 
He strode out of the medical bay and walked down the steps towards the forests jungle beyond. Reaching the forests he walked till he reached a clearing and formed a globe over himself and flew up in the air. He traveled towards Wiser Island towards the beach where Wisers stood waving their swords blocking his way to land. Aiden inside the globe groaned and traveled towards another island and landed on the beach revert the globe back into him. He walked towards a tree and yanked off the tracking device which came off easily. He picked up a thin stick from the ground.
Aiden growled out loud “I don’t care if I find a female, willing or not, I’m mating with her.” 
He jammed the device onto the tree trunk with the stick and snarled out loud “You shouldn’t have ordered this for you’re no longer my King.” 
He walked further into the forests jungle speaking out loud “I don’t take orders from you anymore and I don’t care what you do to me. I must mate and I’m not waiting a decade for this.”

Trian came to sit on the log feeling tired with his eyes blind to the world. He heard pacing by the sounds of twigs snapping in front of him. He frowned as he heard whining some sound which he reached down and gave the Seeing Eye dog’s head a gentle rub he figured he'll refer her as Iona as compelled. 
He removed his hand and placed the hand on the log tapping in code as if compelled to do it “High Council, I arrived in Shadan safe.” 
He grimaced feeling the sting of the device wrapped around his left hand as he tapped his message and once done rubbed it on his thigh. 
He frowned as he heard silence from pacer he assumed was Hades from the heavy breathing and spoke out loud in a questioning tone “Hades?”
He heard Hades’ guttural voice speaking “What? I’m trying not to pace any more for it’ll waste my energy and get me hungry enough to feed.” 
Trian spoke “I get it.” 
He clamped his mouth shut and listened to the sounds around him and heard Iona whining along with Hades’ harsh breathing. He heard sounds of twigs snapping all around him and gripped Iona’s leash tighter in his right hand. 
He heard a harsh male voice speak “Hades, we’re here on orders to take the blind man with us so don’t follow us.” 
He heard Hades protest “But I don’t have any where to go.” 
Trian groaned softly as hands grabbed him by the arms lifting him up to a standing position as a softer male voice spoke “Hades, try that direction towards a gorge. You can fly over it to the other side where we spotted gonoids eating nearby. I think they’ll do as your food source if you’re hungry.” 
He heard Hades speak in a groaning tone “Ugh I despise feeding off gonoids.” 
He again heard the soft male voice speak “Hades, please don’t follow us.”
The voice was interrupted by Hades speaking “Can you keep the blind man from listening? There’s something I wish to confess to you and I don’t want the blind man to hear it.” 
Trian abruptly felt fingers placed in both of his ears cutting off his hearing which he frowned wondering what Hades was confessing. He frowned some more as he held Iona’s leash in his hand and breathe a sigh of relief once the fingers were removed from his ears letting him hear again. He heard twigs snapping and felt himself forced forward in a walk by hands holding his arms. He listened to the sounds of twigs snapping which annoyed him as he and the others walked. He felt himself forced to a stop position which he obeyed and then heard a squealing noise that sounds machinery like which he was again forced into a walk. 
He heard a voice besides him speak as he felt himself stopped “Stairs in front of you. Reach with your feet and step down.” 
Trian obeyed sliding his feet as he felt the smooth floor end and stepped his feet down the edges as he slowly walked down guided by the hands holding his arms. He felt the stairs end as his feet hit the hard floor while feeling himself guided again walking that ended as he was turned around and forced to a sitting position which his seat hit the chair. He sat in the chair with a frown on his face listening to the sounds of voices overlapping in male and female tones along with beeping sounds which he assumed were consoles.  Trian sat listening seeing things unseen. He shook his head as an image of a ring of fire came to his mind. He groaned inwardly to himself as the fire image left him. He frowned eavesdropping on conversations that bored him. Iona, he sensed sat at his feet whined some sound and he adjusted the leash loosing it.
He heard a male voice speak “Blind man, don’t you have a name?”
Trian responded “Guess the name for I’m not saying it.” 
He heard the male groan some sound and felt a headache as conversations in the room stopped. He groaned as the headache went away along with conversations resumed. He sat in the chair and heard footsteps along with a chair scrape as someone got up and walked away followed by the sound of a door sliding open and close. 
He heard a sound of a gun cocking followed by steel on his forehead with a male voice speaking “Traitor, your name is Trian and you work for the High Council.” 
Trian responded “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
The male voice spoke “A mind walker told us the contents of your mind. So spill it, you work for the High Council.” 
Trian shut his mouth and unclasped his left hand as steel left his forehead. 
He brought it to the arm rest and heard the male voice speak again “Tap your hand and I’ll shoot it. Your hand is wrapped by a device that you use to tell the High Council your location along with information.” 
Trian fisted his unclasped hand and clamped his mouth shut. 
He heard a familiar voice he recognized as Onya, a Solaran, a race that spoke for the high council speaks “Blind man seems familiar.”
The male voice spoke “Give the blind man a shave. Maybe Onya would recognize him.” 
Trian jerked as hands grabbed the top of his head gripping him as the hair on his face was taken off by cold steel. He jerked feeling the blindfold taped to his face covering his eyes yanked off. 
He heard the male voice speak “What the depths, the blind man isn’t so blind.”
Onya’s voice spoke loudly “Blind man sounds like General Wickers.” 
The conversation went silent in the room as he felt his face grabbed and held in place by hands. He felt metal steel touch his eyelids followed by snipping sounds. He jerked feeling his eyelids forced open despite the pain and felt something pulled out of his eyes. Trian shook his head angrily as hands let go and he sensed something bright shine into his eyes which made them water. Groaning Trian blinked his eyes painfully adjusting to see a Humanoid being standing in front of him as he sat in the chair with a light shining behind the being.
The being he recognized was a Wiser who spoke in a male tone “Well on what Onya said?”
Another male voice spoke in guttural tones “Voice records a perfect match. Trian is General Wickers.” 
Trian groaned as he felt paws on his legs and saw the Seeing Eye dog which he recognized to be an Amula. He leaned forwards and pulled off the collar off the neck of the dog that changed form to reveal a Human female with long black hair wearing gonoid skin clothing. 
The Human female spoke “My name is Claire Patricoly. I was caught by the High Council’s servant called Anubis and I witness Trian’s capture.”
Trian frowned as the Wiser spoke “Yes, we’re aware of that.”
He heard Onya’s voice behind him speak “The Shadonia is aware of the blind man being a servant of the High Council, has publicly announced that and has been trying to capture him.” 
Trian narrowed his eyes as he spoke “I serve the High Council gladly.” 
He saw the Wiser folded his boney muscular arms and lean forward towards his face. 
The Wiser spoke “I suggest you do what we say and cooperate. If you do it, the Shadonia won’t see you as a traitor but someone worth saving. Not to mention if you value your life you won’t be used as Drainer food.” 
Trian gulped and spoke “Fine, I’ll do it.” 
The Wiser straightened up and spoke “That requires you to act as the blind man again and for you, Claire, continue being his eyes.”
Trian groaned as the Wiser leaned forwards and picked up his left hand. Trian stiffened as the Wiser unwrap a ropey object from his hand and yanked it off tossing it on the table next to him. 
He heard Onya from behind him speak “I think the High Council has him sent signals at a certain time period just to know that he’s still alive.”
The Wiser spoke “Don’t worry about that. Horus will make them disappear as prophesied. You’ll do what we say, Trian.” 
Trian gulped as the Wiser leaned forwards grabbing his ear and began whispering words which he groaned hearing the contents. Once done he watched as the Wiser straightened up and went to Claire pulling at her ear whispering words in her ear. Trian stared at Claire’s face who abruptly frowned hearing the Wiser’s words then she shifted her form to the dog Iona. Trian saw the Wiser placed the collar back on Iona’s form and held out the leash which he took it. The Wiser stood up spitting in his clawed hand and threw a mist of air in Trian’s face which got him coughing. Trian coughed as blackness covered his eyes and shook his head. He groaned loudly and closed his eyes falling unconscious. 

The Human male Kenny paused groaned and pulled his belt back onto his pants. He sigh some sound as he picked up his large backpack. He was on a scouting trip with four other Humans sent by the One to explore the island. The ship he came from was a cruise ship which was on the ocean off the island. Kenny walked further into the forests jungle towards his companions. He heard a growling sound and froze and yanked off his backpack towards the ground while looking around. Kenny screamed some sound as he felt something hit him from behind.

Jorge a Human male stood in the clearing with a frown he spoke to his companions “I heard some sound that sounded like Kenny screaming.”
Janie a Human female spoke “I’m going to investigate cover me.” 
Jorge pulled out his bullet hand gun as the other Humans did the same. They walked into the jungle straining to hear sounds. Janie walked around a tree and signaled waving her hands frantically. The other Humans arrived and stared with shock to see a Humanoid figure in smooth black and white clothing had a hand on Kenny’s chest with an arm on his face. The Humanoid figure they could see had his face on Kenny’s neck and they heard a sucking like drinking sound coming from the figure. Jorge picked up a thick tree branch and tiptoed behind the figure who continued drinking from Kenny. The figure stopped his sucking like drinking and proceeded to lick Kenny’s neck several times. The neck which they saw was swollen then the figure let go of Kenny and Jorge proceeded to hit the figure on the head with the branch that groaned and fell towards the ground unconscious.  
Janie went to Kenny that slurred his words drunkenly “Ugh bit my neck and drank from me like a vampire.” 
Janie looked at Kenny’s neck to see that there were two round holes and she spoke “Guys lets get Kenny and this vampire back towards the ship.” 

Aiden woke up shaking his head groaning in pain. He found himself in chains attached to the wall and pulled at them uselessly. He was in a small room that was white all around and was sitting on a bed with the chains attached to him. Groaning some sound he looked to see a Human male with cloud colored short hair wearing night sky colored clothing stood with arms folded. He stood in front of a doorway with three other Humans besides him who were staring at Aiden with a range of emotions on their faces. Aiden woozily stared at the Human male who spoke words in Summeran Aiden struggled to understand. He groaned putting a hand onto his head and shook his head. Aiden leaned back in the bed and fell asleep letting the darkness consume him. 

The Human male Alexei Zesky stared at the prisoner with a frown and spoke “Have medical examine this vampire and let me know the results of the tests.” 
Jorge standing next to Alexei groaned out “I think judging by his behavior I must have hit him too hard and he’s injured.” 
Alexei sigh and spoke “Once this vampire is awake see that he’ll accept the blood in packets.” 
Alexei gestured with a hand as four orderlies arrived into the room with a stretcher. One of them put on an oxygen mask on the prisoner’s face and proceeded to free him from the chains. Then they hauled the prisoner onto the stretcher and left the room followed by Alexei and his escorts. 

Aiden groaned sensing something under his nose and shook his head. The smell persisted as Aiden opened his eyes white orbs on the mask of his face. He stared at a Human female with black hair and green eyes dressed in green colored clothing which was a large top and pants with black boots on her feet. She had an opened packet of blood under his nose which she was waving. Aiden found himself in chains again and was quick to snatch the packet. 
He greedily drank the contents and moaned out in Summeran “More, what I had isn’t enough.” 
The female gasped of surprise as she spoke in Summeran “You understand our language?”
Aiden groaned out speaking hesitantly “We can translate many languages except a few that we can’t translate.” 
The Human female sigh some sound and then spoke pulling at the collar of her top speaking “Here feed on me.” 
She walked forwards towards Aiden who was quick to grab her. He put a hand on her chest making her neck swell and opened his mouth showing a pair of fangs getting longer than the other fangs and lowered his head onto her neck biting her. Aiden drank the blood from within her. Once he had his fill he licked the puncture marks closed and settled her form on the bed to face several Humans standing in the room. 
Aiden spoke “Oh you can take her now.” 
He leaned back on the bed as two Humans came forwards taking the Human female with them out of the room. Aiden watched one Human with short cloud colored hair stood watching him. 
Aiden spoke “I’m named Aiden and my species is called Drainer for we drink the blood from within people to survive. We can translate many languages except there are a few that are untranslatable.” 
The Human male spoke “The name is Alexei. What do you know of a species called Shadonia?”
Aiden replied “I know them well. We Drainers have been acting as translators between the Shadonia and your species the Humans. Shadonian blood I must mention is poisonous to Drainers. I should tell you that Shadonian males refer me as Adien.”
At Alexei’s exhaled air gasp, Aiden added “Shadonian males mix up people’s names when they say it. Oh don’t teach the Shadonia, Human language, they can’t process it in their minds.”
He groaned rubbing a hand on his head shaking it. 
Aiden continued speaking “I need more blood, the amount I had isn’t enough to heal from the head injury. What I need are two or three more Humans to feed on.” 
Alexei spoke “I’ll see that you’ll get what you need, Aiden in return for you to translate.”
Aiden spoke “I agree with your request and will do it.” 

Torrin stood on the island glaring at the tree with the tracking device stuck to it. He growled walking towards the tree and yanked off the device. He globe traveled towards the castle and entered it reaching the throne room. 
Torrin spoke to Ivan watching him “Kingship, I found Aiden’s tracer stuck to a tree with a stick. I think Aiden took it off.” 
Tiffana the doctor standing next to him spoke “Kingship, I have a confession to make. Aiden came to me asking for something for his mating urges which I couldn’t help him with. He also complained about the device bothering him when sleeping. I took the tracer off his back and put it on his left arm.” 
Tiffana bowed her head in shame as Torrin snarled some growl. 
Ivan stood up from the dais and spoke “Torrin, did you check Wiser Island?”
Torrin answered “I went there but the Wisers refused to let me land and I went towards the island where I found the tracer.” 
Torrin got growls from the Skyans in response as he eyed the Skyan King for further orders.

Aiden lay on the bed with his hat on his back. He groaned some sound. The mating urge was strong raging throughout him. He shook his head struggling to sleep. Aiden recalled translating for the Humans and the Shadonians communicating their words with the desire to mate raging throughout him. He opened his white orbed eyes through the black mask on his face of his skin suit and saw the female who he fed on enter the room sliding the door softly. Aiden sat up watching her walk towards him while pulling off her clothes. He stared at her seeing her naked form showing ridged skin instead of smooth like a Human and went to stand in front of him. 
The female spoke “I’m called Maria whose not Human which I’m actually a-“
Aiden interrupted “A female Human version of the Drainer species. I know from drinking your blood, Maria. I’m called Aiden.” 
Maria replied “I have a strong desire to mate with you Aiden. Are you willing to do this?”
Aiden answered “Yes I will mate with you but there maybe consequences which will require payment.” 
Maria put her hands on his shoulders as his hands went to her sides speaking “I don’t care, I want to mate with you and bear your children if you will let me.” 
Aiden’s response was to pull her towards the bed laying her form on it and covered her nakedness with his body while releasing his sensitive part from the covering of his skin suit, between his legs. Her arms went around his neck pulling his head closer to hers. Aiden moaned of pleasure as he entered her through an opening between her legs which she responded by wrapping her legs around his skin suited form at the waist. He exhaled air feeling the mating urge raging inside him leave as he gripped Maria on the chest with his hands pawing her. He lowered his head onto her shoulder as he moved inside her while hearing Maria moans some sound of pleasure. 
Aiden jerked from inside her feeling a part of him leave him and moaned out “Maria, thank you, this is what I needed.” 
Maria responded sighing out “Aiden.” 

Alexei stood in the office with the flat screen monitor on the wall. Aiden stood in the room watching him as Alexei studied the Drainer. Alexei stood up and with a remote in his left hand flicked the screen on gesturing with his head. Aiden looked and stiffened to see an overhead view himself lying on a bed in a room as Maria in the view entered pulling off her clothes. The view showed her naked form walking towards Aiden sitting up speaking words which the Drainer heard clearly spoken through the speakers in the office with Alexei. The view Aiden saw showed him pulling Maria onto the bed and mating with her. 
Exhaling air Aiden asked “What price for Maria?”
Alexei sighed as he spoke “You already paid with your cooperation for going through those medical tests we put you through while you were unconscious. We learned from the tests things about your kind which you made clear that they must be kept secret. I figured you’ll want something in return for that and the price is Maria.” 
Aiden frowned with his lips and spoke “I see and I want to take Maria away from here. May I do that?”
Alexei sighed again and spoke “I’ll see that Maria is brought to you for that.”

Aiden globe traveled from the large cruise ship with Maria in the globe next to him. He went to Wiser Island to see Wisers blocking the way with their swords. 
Maria next to him spoke “There’s one of them on top of a tree waving his arms.”
Aiden brought the globe towards the Wiser on the tree who pointed with his arms gesturing which the Drainer brought the globe towards the direction the Wiser was pointing. He traveled over the forests jungle till he saw a Wiser standing on top of a tree waving his arms and brought the globe towards the Wiser who pointed down. Aiden was quick to obey bringing the globe down landing on the ground revert the globe back inside him. 
Hades stood in the clearing speaking “Hades” as Aiden spoke “Aiden.”
Aiden added gesturing to Maria standing next to him wearing her green outfit of pants with a long sleeve thick top “This is my mate Maria who is a female Human version of a Drainer.” 
Hades nodded his head in understanding and spoke “I’ll take you to the Humans’ camp where I have prepared shelter for Drainers to stay in. So follow me.” 
Aiden with Maria followed Hades through the jungle foliage reaching a large clearing covered over head by tree branches where there several huts and teepees scattered around. Humans busy with their work paused seeing Aiden walk into the camp with Maria following Hades who led them to a large teepee. 
Hades spoke “Aiden, the Humans have a code of life when it comes to feeding on them. They require something in exchange for Drainers to feed on them so they’ll live to see another day, get it?” 
Aiden replied “I get it. Maria told me she feeds on regular foods such as fruit, and some blood required occasionally including her main drink which is milk.” 
Hades spoke “I get it Aiden. The Humans will see that she gets the food and drink she needs.”
Aiden sighed as he and Maria entered the teepee closing the flap behind them. 

Torrin stood in the throne room with a Wiser standing next to him. 
The Wiser was speaking in Rayala the Drainer language “We Wisers know where Aiden is. He is doing fine.” 
Ivan ordered “Tell us where Aiden is, Wiser.” 
The Wiser replied “Give Torrin your ring and have him show it to Aiden or he won’t come. I will tell you the location once you do this.” 
Alex spoke “I suggest you do it Ivan.” 
Ivan stood up from the throne chair and walked down the steps towards the Wiser while taking off his thick gold ring on the middle finger of his left hand and handed it to Torrin.
The Wiser spoke “Aiden is on Wiser Island with the Humans.” 
With a nod from Ivan, Torrin left the throne room with the Wiser escorting him. 

Aiden sighed from the glow of sleeping cuddling Maria’s naked form covered by the blankets in the teepee shelter they were in. He rubbed a hand on her cheek as she moaned some sound cuddled close to him. 
She took his hand and laid it on her abdomen area through the folds of the blankets which Aiden gasped “You are?” 
Maria replied “Yes I noticed my abdomen getting bigger and my chest fuller. I suspect a life has formed from our mating several times. I’m unsure when the baby is due.” 
Aiden speechless hugged her and noticed a flag waving on a stick inside the teepee from the flap outside with Hades’ hand holding it recognizing the signal meaning Drainer had arrived. Aiden with anger growled as he got up and left the teepee to face Torrin in the light of the morning sun. The three Drainers each spoke their own names and stood around staring at each other as Maria left the teepee with her clothes on. Aiden automatically went to stand next to her with his hand on her abdomen area as Torrin gasp seeing Maria. 
Torrin sighed out while holding up the King’s ring “The King wants you back and he sent this.”
Aiden snarled out “Fine, we’ll go with you but remember what I said about the King if Maria is harmed.” 
Torrin groaned out “I remember what you said, Aiden and I get your meaning.” 
Torrin formed a globe and waited as Aiden and Maria he assumed was her name got inside the globe. He flew the globe to the Humans' sea vessel he hearing nothing from Aiden on that. Torrin landed the globe finding the sea vessel was docked near land this time involving Humans. He landed on the deck and reverted the globe waiting as Humans wearing cloud colors arrived with a Human male looking concerned by the expression on his face. 
Torrin spoke "I'll see you around Aiden. Just do something about the offspring."
He ignored Aiden with Maria walking up to the Human male and formed a globe around himself followed by flying it into the sky and went to the Skyans' castle. He found the Skyan King standing on a deck giving him a glare. Torrin sensed the Meritanians scanning him and found himself given an imaged story involving Aiden. He spoke it entirely towards the Skyan King who didn't speak a word instead remained silent with Alex behind him. 
Torrin waited for the Skyan King to give orders as he heard from Alex "Interesting."
He shifted to eye Alex finding the Skyan King giving off a sound of disgust and ordered "Get out of my sight Torrin."
He obeyed without questioning the Skyan King's order.

Trian jerked himself awake while feeling licking on his face while lying on something soft. He waved his arms unseeing and brought his hand to his face. A bandage covered his eyes and his hands felt Iona sitting on him while hearing her whining sounds. Groaning he sat up as Iona moved off while feeling the bed he was lying on. Trian felt a wall behind him with his hands as he heard a scraping sound and vibrations of movements that shook his form. He stood up with hand on the wall and began to move feeling the wall. His foot met something hard which he reached out with his other hand and felt a metal box chained to the floor. The box moved making a scraping sound. Frowning he continued feeling the wall and felt an opening of a doorway which a hand grabbed his hand and pushed him back. 
He heard a male toned voice speaking words spoken in Basic the international language in a Shadonian accent “No you’re not leaving the room. It’s not yet time for your execution.” 
Trian spoke in the same language “What execution?”
The voice spoke “You’re a traitor serving the High Council which is frowned upon on Shadan. Your execution is still scheduled for you to be sent into space once this battle with the Rakcar is over with.”
Trian groaned as he felt Iona rub his leg with her form and leaned down feeling her body. He felt her move her snout in his hand where he felt the leash in his hand which he took. Trian felt her pull him and he allowed her to lead him which she stopped when his foot hit the familiar object with a noise. He felt her pull at the leash with her mouth and he sat down as she grabbed his hand with her mouth and placed it on the box. Trian groaned remembering the Wiser’s words. He unseeingly felt for the clasp which opened with a click with his hands. Frowning he opened the box and reached in with his hands and felt a round object with points. He sighed recognizing the crown, with his hands lifted it putting it on his head. Trian jerked as he felt himself falling unconscious and astral projected himself to see a figure with long sun colored hair sitting on the night sky colored floor with Iona next to him shaking visibly which he saw the figure glowed then stood up raising hands as a ball of light came from his chest surrounding him changing his form to the cold lord who howled some sound. Trian watched as a ball of ice came from his chest surrounding himself and Iona which the ball took off flying out of the room with himself following by astral projecting. The ball reached a window and smashed through going into the darkness and then flew in the darkness with white dots surrounding him. The ball flew at a fast speed reaching a planet and entered it as the darkness surrounding him went away revealing a sky with clouds. The ball hit the earth ground with fast speed then reverted showing the King Winter form that collapse onto the ground. Trian felt himself back in his body as he heard yelling voices overlapping coming towards him.  Trian jerked lying on the ground and yanked the crown off his head throwing it as he felt himself back in control of his body. He heard voices yelling exclamations as he lay groaning while feeling dirt scattering away from on him. 
One of the voices spoke loudly with a loud tone “It’s him, the blind man, the traitor the Shadonia have been talking about.” 
Trian groaned as he heard a loud humming sound followed by a thud and heard another voice speak “Whoa! Here’s his dog, owe, bit me!”
Trian held out his hands and spoke loudly “Iona, come here.” 
He heard whining sounds and felt Iona in his hands. He reached for the collar and yanked it off of the dog and lowered his hands. He heard exclamations of shock as he felt the fur in his hands become smooth skin clothing and heard a Human groaning sound next to him. 
Trian heard a female voice next to him speaking loudly “My name is Claire Patricoly of the Amula race. I was captured by the High Council’s servant named Anubis. I witnessed the blind man’s capture, using a Human female named Malika as bait for a fire trap.  I assure you, I saw the High Council’s faces which they revealed to be a bunch of mind walking Highlanders. I even saw what they did to him to make him their servant. Believe me, he didn’t go down willingly.”
Trian groaned loudly hearing the name Malika as a ring of fire came to his mind’s eye and he shook his head as the image left him. 
He heard Claire speak again “Don’t stand there, get medical help to the others in the ship and him too, starting now.”
Trian groaned hearing footfalls on something metal while hearing people talking in series of shouting voices overlapping. He heard siren like noises along with feeling hands grabbed him lifting him up and placed his body on something soft which squeaked as the object moved at a fast pace. He felt the object sink then was lifted up and pushed followed by slamming noises as he felt vibrations which he recognized as a vehicle driving. Trian groaned as he felt his sleeve rolled up followed by a prick of pain as a needle was injected in it. He sensed hands touching the bandage on his face yanking it off followed by gasping noises. 
He heard a male voice speak “The blind man is General Trian Wickers.” 
This was followed by a female voice speaking “Claire said the High Council revealed as mind walking Highlanders. We should contact the Highlanders and see what they did to his mind.” 
The male voice spoke “I agree. Driver, call the Hospital and tell them to contact the Highlanders. We have a patient for them to examine.” 
Trian lay still as gloved hands touched his eye lids as steel touched them. He heard snapping noises and flinched as pricks of pain came around his eye lids which were forced open. 
Trian heard a male voice speak “What the?”
He felt objects yanked from his eyes which hurt and flinched feeling a bright light in them. Trian groaned blinking his eyes as they watered while the light shined in them. All at once the vehicle stopped and Trian heard a noise sound as the door of the vehicle opened letting in bright light which he closed his eyes groaning loudly. Frowning he kept his eyes shut as the bed he was on was yanked out of the vehicle he realized was an ambulance and pushed with wheels squeaking. 
Trian heard the squeaking stop as the bed was pushed sideways then backwards followed by clanking noises as a voice speak in a female tone with a Shadonian accent “What?! The blind man is General Wickers! What happened to him?”
The male voice of the paramedic spoke “He appeared to the others as King Winter who brought the Shadonian space ship Independent to the air field from outer space orbiting the unnamed planet. From what we heard, the Independent mashed itself into a Rakcaran Planet Killer ship destroying it in the process and got pretty banged up from the looks of it.”
The female Shadonian spoke “I see. Is there anything about how he became the blind man?”
Claire’s voice spoke coming nearby him spoke “I witness his capture in my gonoid form. They used a Human female named Malika as bait for a fire trap.”
Trian groaned hearing the name Malika as a ring of fire appeared in his mind’s eye. 
He shook his head of the image as the voice of Claire spoke again “I think they did something to his mind hence he as the blind man. 
He heard the female voice of the paramedic speak “Is the Highlanders alerted about him?”
The Shadonian female spoke as hands touched his face picking at his eye lids “They are alerted and will be arriving soon.”
Trian jerked his head as his eyes lids were forced open as light shined in them. His eyes again watered from the light groaning loudly as the hands left his face. 
He heard a beeping noise and the Shadonian speaking “He’s in good condition according to the scanners despite some light sensitivity with his eyes being shut so long. I recommended we move him to a private room for the Highlanders to do their scans without distractions.” 
Trian groaned closing his eyes as there was a clanking sound and the bed was pushed forward twisted moving jerkily. He lay on the bed feeling the movements as there was ding sound, a scraping noise followed by a vibration of going up which he recognized was an elevator. The elevator stopped with a ding sound and he heard again the scraping noise as the bed was pushed wheels squeaking. The bed twisted turning left and went sideways going backwards. 
He felt hands grabbed him as a voice spoke “One, two, three, lift!”
Trian felt himself lifted shifting fast in a sideways motion followed by his lifters settling him down on a bed. He felt a blanket placed on top of him as a pillow was thrust underneath his head. He heard a squeaking noise as the bed left the room. He listened hearing the lights above clicking off as shades thrust closed followed by footsteps of people walking away and a door closing sound. Trian groaned opening his eyes in the darkness of the room with a light shining through the large window next to the door besides a light switch. He focused his blurry eyes sight on the window letting his eyes adjusting to the light. He saw people, Humans and Shadonians walking by in a fast pace as he stared at the window. He moved his head to stare at the ceiling with a frown listening for noises. 

Trian heard the door open and looked as the hand touched the light switch next to it. He closed his eyes as the lights turned on with a click sound followed by footsteps of people walking into the room. He felt a headache as the footsteps stopped by his bed.
He heard a male voice speak in a monotone accent which he recognized belonging to a Highlander “It appears that Trian’s memories of who he really is has been pushed back into his mind where he can’t access them. I say about nine Highlanders together are powerful enough to do this.”
The headache left his head as another male voice spoke belonging to a Human “Can nine of you restore his memories?”
The Highlander spoke “I think I have a better idea. I believe Erra is powerful enough to restore him but she’s sleeping now due it being night where she is. After she rises, it might take awhile to pinpoint us calling her. She hears everything and I’m not kidding when I say that.” 
The Human male harrumph some sound and spoke “How long do you estimate before Erra rises and finds you calling her?”
The Highlander spoke “She rises when the sun is halfway over the horizon in her area which won’t happen in hours. I guess as for her hearing us call her, the more Highlanders join the call, she’ll be able to pinpoint it.” 
Trian heard a chair scrape as the Highlander continued “I suggest you restrain Trian to the bed. He’ll be screaming from having his memories being restored. He also will be reliving those memories some that I think are terrible to experience again.”
Trian groaned hearing the Highlander’s words as hands grabbed his arms and he felt steel metal clamped over them in a tight grip. He exhaled air and allowed himself to sleep.

Trian jerked himself awake as he felt a painful headache followed by memories spilling in his mind which made him scream nonsense sounds. He opened his eyes staring around with horror unseeing the figures standing next to his bed as he screamed. He jerked while screaming as he felt a prick of pain in his neck which was followed by sleepiness and he fell unconscious. 

Trian woke up with a gasp finding himself in an all cloud colored room while lying on a bed. He groaned as he looked around the room with confusion. He sat up yanking the blanket off his form as he sensed himself wearing smooth colored clothing covering his form. Frowning he stood up wobbling on shaky legs while looking around the room. He spied a toilet with a sink above it and groaned feeling a throw up feeling arrive inside him. He stumbled towards the toilet kneeling in front of it as he threw up the contents of his stomach repeatedly. Breathing hard he coughed several times and sat on the floor leaning against the wall with hands on his lap while groaning softly. He again felt the throw up feeling and quickly got himself into a kneeling position head over the toilet. He threw up the contents of his stomach again repeatedly and felt a weird feeling which he recognized what it was as he stood up yanking his pants. 

Trian groaned putting his pants back on his form and slow walked towards the bed which he sat down with relief and placed hands on his head feeling his hair was shoulder length and no longer short. Groaning he coughed as white clouds came spilling into the room fogging it up which he frowned in confusion as sleepiness arrived and he lay down on the bed falling asleep. 

Trian jerked his eyes open as he felt himself sitting in a chair that was moving. He raised his head to look and saw giant vertical tubes surrounding him as the chair was pushed. He frowned as he saw a figure with a Human male form in night sky smooth colored clothing standing in front of a tube that was lying horizontally and nearby was a tube with a female figure in it which he gasped of recognition. He saw the figure was the female who was used as bait in a fire trap to capture him. 
Trian spoke pointing at the female “Who’s that?”
He heard a female voice behind him speak “That’s a female of the race Malika who is dying. Nothing could stop the dying hence she’s in the tube.” 
He frowned as he eyed the tube and spoke pointing at it “What’s with that?”
He again heard the female voice speak as the chair stopped “You’re going in it.” 
Trian felt anger arrived as he saw two figures in identical forms in night sky clothing come to his sides grabbing his arms which he struggled as a strange feeling arrived made him roar some nonsense sound. He angrily with both arms tossed the two figures holding them into the air which they both hit the tube with bang sounds. He turned around to see Human female wearing cloud clothing with panic on her face turn around and ran from him. He sensed movement from behind him sprung around grabbing the male yanking his aimed weapon from his hands and with a twist move placed the male in front of him with the weapon’s point aimed at the male’s head. He stood and waited as the female came back with four figures wearing identical clothing as the male with weapons in their hands. 
Trian demanded “You’ll free that Malika and give her milk! Is considered medicine among her kind as a drink! It should heal her! Now do it!”
He clicked the weapon and jabbed it further on the male’s head as he sensed the male groan some sound as he bored his eyes at the female with a glare. He saw her turn to one of the Human males and appeared to be whispering words to his ear which he roared out a nonsense sound while growling loudly. He kept his eyes on the female as the male she was talking to, turned and ran out of sight. 
The female spoke “Calm down, Trian-”
Trian interrupted speaking “How did you know my name?! Answer me!”
The female replied “The hospital you were in sent you here for tests and told us your name.” 
He snarled loudly which he saw the female’s face as a panic look arrived. 
Trian spoke “Hurry up and free that Malika now! I want her freed now!”
He twisted his form and the male till the tube holding the female Malika came in his eyes’ sight which he glared at. He saw movement out of the corners of his eyes and looked to see a Human male wearing plant colored clothing holding an object with white liquid sloshing in it. He growled loudly as the female went to the tube holding the Malika female and watched as the tube went to lie on its side. He kept a narrowed eyed glare as the Malika female came out of the tube with a whooshing sound and saw the male holding the object thrust it at the female who placed part of it on the Malika’s lips. He heard a gulping sound and watched as the Malika grabbed the object with her hands drinking it in a fast motion. He stared at the Malika female who opened her eyes and gave a screaming sound darting into a standing position running away which he thrust the male his weapon and darted after her. 
Trian yelled “Stop it, its Trian!”
The Malika he saw halted and sprung around facing him as he reached her. 
He again spoke “Malika, its Trian, and the one who was caught with you in an eater trap.” 
 He stared at the Malika who narrowed her eyes staring at him and then saw them widen as she spoke “Trian?”
Trian spoke “Yes it’s me.”
He stared at the Malika who walked forward and didn’t flinch as she gently placed a hand on his cheek rubbing the area while staring at him. He kept his eyes on her as she removed her hand and hugged him which he frowned at the feeling of disgust arrive within him.

Trian stood in the large room with the Malika female who told him her name was Mahalia standing besides him as they both stared at King Winter who had a hand on a male’s neck. 
Trian frowned as he saw the male nod his head then watched as the cold lord let go of his neck as the male turned around and spoke “King Winter requests to take Trian and Malika with him to her people.”
Trian nodded his head as he and Mahalia walked forwards to stand next to King Winter. He saw a globe come from King Winter’s chest which got bigger surrounding him, himself and Mahalia. Trian adjusted his feet as he felt the globe take off. Frowning he stared at the walls of the globe that covered outside then turned his attention towards King Winter whose eyes were staring at the walls unblinking. He looked at Mahalia whose head was down eyes staring at the globe’s floor with a frown on her face. He felt the globe go down with a thump vibration and saw the globe revert getting smaller and smaller which it again entered the cold lord’s chest. He stared at a cave entrance and a Wiser standing in front of it. The Wiser he saw nodded his head and turned around walking into the cave with King Winter, himself and Mahalia following. He walked in a passageway that ended with a jagged opening in the wall on his right and entered the entrance to see a large room. He saw beds on both sides of him with one having beeping machinery behind it and saw two female Humans with identical faces walking towards him and group both with frowns on their faces and behind them were males similar to Mahalia standing with awe looks on their faces. 
He heard the Wiser speak “Get Visser, the master wishes to speak to him.”
Trian saw one of the male Malika turn and darted away. He frowned as he looked around the room to see a female Malika lying on a bed that seemed familiar to him. He stared at her as the name Melinda came to his mind which he felt confusion. He saw her open her eyes which she looked at him and saw a shocked expression come to her face followed by horror. He looked away to stare at the twins who stared at him back with annoyed looks on their faces. Frowning he saw a male Malika enter the room from behind them and stiffened seeing the male’s appearance which he saw had sun colored long hair pulled back and pale skin with day sky colored Human eyes. The male he saw walked up to King Winter with a questioning look on his face. 
He turned his attention to the cold lord who placed a hand on the male’s neck and heard him speak “Says I request that the Human male called Trian be allowed to live here chained in the citadel room. The female Malika, Mahalia is yours, Visser, enjoy.” 
Trian frowned as King Winter let go of the male Visser’s he assumed, neck and walked out of the room followed by the Wiser. He heard a screech sound and looked at the female Malika on the bed pointing a finger at him. 
He heard her speak in an angry tone “It’s him, Trian, that one that forced himself on me while I was in captivity of the High Council.”
Trian groaned softly as a memory of the female Malika, naked, chained and screaming came to his mind. He bowed his head eyes staring at the floor as he felt hands grab his arms pulling him which he didn’t resist. He heard clanging sounds and then felt the wind blowing as he felt chain manacles put on his lower arms followed by him pushed into a sitting position on something soft which he felt was a bed. Groaning he lay on the bed and closed his eyes as a memory came to his mind. 
He was standing in a doorway staring at a hooded figure whose voice he heard in his mind speaking “Go in and enjoy Melinda. She’s for you to mate with.” 
Trian walked into the room he saw at one end was a female with a Human form who was in a standing position chained to the wall and there were no clothes on her form. He stared at Melinda with a smile as she opened her eyes and saw a horror like look come to her face. Trian groaned softly as he remembered himself laughing while yanking off his clothes as Melinda began screaming out cries in nonsense sounds. He in the memory went to Melinda and placed a hand on her throat which got her to stop screaming as his other hand went to an opening between her legs which he thrust in two fingers feeling her. He saw Melinda roll her eyes while hearing her gasp. Trian removed his fingers and placed both hands on her breasts kneading them as he sensed her relax. He brought his hands to her face and lowered his face till his lips were touching hers kissing her. Then broke off the kiss to grab her legs which he lifted up and she wrapped them around his middle as he entered her jerking through three barriers with a thrusting motion while hearing her groan out gasps. Once completely up to the hilt inside Melinda he placed his hands on her back and moved his head till his cheek was touching hers. 
Trian in the memory recalled whispering words “Mine, mine, and mine.” 
He frowned as he remembered himself thrusting inside Melinda as she met his movements and spilling himself inside her which he roared some sound as she shrieked out a cry. One done he pulled out of Melinda who sagged from the chains and he went to his clothes putting them on walking out of the room to face the hooded figure. 
He heard a voice in his mind speak “Good.”
This was followed by a growl sound heard behind him and he felt a stinging pain hit him on the head which put him unconscious. Trian groaned from the memory as he recalled waking up with his eyes covered and was told he was now blind and was given Iona as his Seeing Eye dog. 
Frowning he felt a hand shaking him and opened his eyes to stare at a Malika male who spoke “Give me your arms now.”
Trian obeyed and felt the chains removed from his wrists which he was forced into a standing position by the Malika male who pulled him out of the room. He frowned as he was led to the cave that led to the entrance and stiffened seeing a Hyperon standing in front of a cave opening on his right surrounded by Malika. 
He saw a Wiser standing next to the Hyperon who seeing him spoke “Remove your clothes, Trian.”
Trian yanked off his shoes and clothes till he was naked and walked up to the Hyperon who turned and walked through the cave entrance with him following. He followed the Hyperon as night vision arrived in his eyes through a hallway to a large cavernous room where there too many to count piles of dirt lay scattered surrounding a raised platform with remains of a large cracked open egg lying in the middle. He exhaled air recognizing the egg as the one his mother the Drainer Tia carried with him inside it. He followed the Hyperon to a cave entrance and entered a hallway till they reached a cave with a raised platform and stairs leading up to it. The Hyperon he saw went up the stairs with him following which he frown seeing Hades sitting in a kneeling position with head down in front of him. He saw the Hyperon reaching Hades kick him in the chest. He stood watching as Hades jerked his head up and stood up golden orbs staring at him. Trian kept himself still as Hades ran around him and felt a hand placed on his chest followed by woozy eyes sight and two pricks of pain on his neck with a sucking sound heard. He groaned as the wooziness stopped and his eyes sight went clear as he felt Hades licking his neck and felt the Drainer remove his hand from his chest. Trian groaned as he sensed a strange feeling and felt himself forced into a walk towards an edge of the platform where he saw a moving pool of water. 
He heard Hades speak “Let it go now.” 
He jerked as he realized what Hades wanted him to do and obeyed rolling his eyes as he felt himself release the toxins inside him. Once done he felt Hades lift him up and didn’t protest being carried as he heard a loud splashing sound and heard a loud wailing sound which he recognized as the Hyperon’s death call. Groaning he allowed himself to be carried out of the cave to the Malika cave which he felt himself better and was put in a standing position. He went to his clothes putting them on as Hades he saw fell towards the floor landing with a thump. He stiffened as he saw Hades’ clothes fall apart off a form which revealed a Malika male who appeared to be unconscious. 
Trian heard the Wiser speak “Trian, I have to take you to the Humans’ camp so come with me.” 
He followed the Wiser out of the cave to outside where the sun was shining and climbed onto the Wiser’s back. He kept his hold as the Wiser jumped into the air flying with a fast speed landing then again jumping several times before landing which he felt himself off the Wiser’s back. He stared to find himself surrounded by a group of Humans who were staring at a teepee with a figure he saw Hades standing next to it. 
He heard Hades growl out “Come out you coward and release my daughter!”
He heard a male voice coming from the teepee in Malika tones “Not without an exchange!”
Trian felt the Wiser’s hand on his shoulder and heard the Wiser whisper “Go in the teepee and do what the Malika wants.”
He walked forward towards the teepee and entered it to stare at a naked Malika male with sword out holding a young girl child by her hair in front of him. 
The Malika spoke “Little girl get outside now.” 
He stared at the girl whose hair freed went outside the teepee as he felt steel on his neck and heard the Malika speak again “Give me your clothes now.” 
Trian obeyed stripping himself of every article of clothing which he saw the Malika put on his form. He stared at the Malika who walked out of the teepee with him following and saw the Malika groan loudly as a Wiser arrived grabbing him and jumping them both into the air. He watched with hands covering his sensitive part as Hades roared some angry sound and saw the little girl clutch the Drainer’s leg. He saw Hades place hands on the girl’s head as he saw a figure with blurring speed grab the girl yanking her away from Hades then appeared standing next to him revealing a male with Malika appearances holding the girl. He stared at Hades who jumped into the air disappearing through the tree tops. 
He heard the loud voice of a Wiser speak “I have to take Torresin with me for he’s not Human but to his species where he’ll stay with them.” 
He saw the male holding the little girl hand her to a Human and watched as he went to the Wiser putting hands on the Wiser’s back who jumped into the air disappearing out of sight. 
He sensed a female Human besides him and heard her speak as his arm was grabbed “I chose you to mate with.” 
Trian kept his hands covering his sensitive part over him as the female pulled him to a teepee which he went inside following her. 
Inside the female spoke “The name’s Diazinia.” 
Trian spoke “I’m called Trian.” 
He stared at Diazinia who yanked his hands from his sensitive part as she spoke “I want to mate with you and I insist on this.”
Trian exhaled air and spoke “I agree with this.” 
He felt his hands freed as he watched her strip her form of every article of clothing till she was naked. He felt himself pushed towards the ground on a lying position as Diazinia straddled him his sensitive part entering her. He rolled his eyes from the sensations of her moving over his sensitive part with him moving as he felt her hands gripping his shoulders. He felt a dam burst inside him as he spilled inside her which she collapsed on top of him. He felt Diazinia withdraw from him and shivered as he felt her lay on besides him on her side which she pulled a blanket on the both of them. He closed his eyes hand touching her abdomen while feeling her head resting on his shoulder and sensed her still. He exhaled air as a memory of himself staring at a mirror which the view showed him flashing Hyperon colored eyes and sharp reeds coming out of his fingers followed by him opening his mouth to bare fanged teeth and roaring Hyperon like. Trian jerked his eyes opened as he stared at the teepee’s walls with night vision. He stiffened as he heard Diazinia groan some sound and felt her abdomen growing swollen underneath his hand. He yanked the blanket off their forms and stared at her growing abdomen with horror on his face. 
He thought to himself “I’m part Hyperon!”
He stared at the abdomen as it stopped growing and stiffened as a baby came thrusting out which he saw was a Hyperon. Groaning he picked up the baby and brought it outside in the darkness which he placed down on the ground. He stared at the baby watching as it grew to adult height turning into a full sized Hyperon. He stared at the Hyperon as a weird feeling arrived within him and he growled Hyperon like. 
He heard the Hyperon speak “Trian”
Trian stiffened with shock as the Hyperon walked away which he followed staring at it. He followed the Hyperon till it reached a gorge while hearing rushing water down below. He saw the Hyperon jump into the gorge and heard a wailing noise which he recognized as the Hyperon’s death call. Groaning he jerked as a feeling arrived overtaking him which he felt reeds shooting out of his fingers as he roared Hyperon like which the feeling went away and the reeds went back inside his fingers. He groaned to himself as he walked back to the teepee and entered it staring at Diazinia who lay asleep and unconscious. He groaned as he laid his form next to her and pulled the blanket on their form. He stared at the ceiling with a sad look in his eyes as sleep came and overtook him which he shut his eyes closed. 

Trian woke up with a frown on his face. He sensed the day’s light shining outside and looked at Diazinia who stirred in his arms. He stiffened as he heard Diazinia groan some sound and felt her abdomen growing swollen underneath his hand. He yanked the blanket off their forms and stared at her growing abdomen with horror on his face. 
He thought to himself “I’m part Hyperon!”
He stared at the abdomen as it stopped growing and stiffened as a baby came thrusting out which he saw was a Hyperon. Groaning he picked up the baby and brought it outside in the darkness which he placed down on the ground. He stared at the baby watching as it grew to adult height turning into a full sized Hyperon. He stared at the Hyperon as a weird feeling arrived within him and he growled Hyperon like. 
He heard the Hyperon speak “Trian”
Trian stiffened with shock as the Hyperon walked away which he followed staring at it. He followed the Hyperon till it reached a mountain cliff while hearing rushing water down below. He saw the Hyperon jump off the cliff into the water and heard a wailing noise which he recognized as the Hyperon’s death call. Groaning he jerked as a feeling arrived overtaking him. Trian felt reeds shooting out of his fingers as he roared Hyperon like which the feeling went away and the reeds went back inside his fingers. 
He groaned to himself as he walked back to the teepee and entered it staring at Diazinia who lay asleep and unconscious. He groaned as he laid his form next to her and pulled the blanket on their form. He stared at the ceiling with a sad look in his eyes as sleep came and overtook him which he shut his eyes closed. 
Trian woke up with a frown on his face. He sensed the day’s light shining outside and looked at Diazinia who stirred in his arms. 
Trian admitted to an awaken Diazinia groaning loudly "I'm not entirely Human. I fathered a Hyperon that killed itself that you bore." 
Diazinia's reaction he saw was to resume a sleeping status ignoring him.
Trian got dressed in clothes for him found around. He left the teepee and saw Hades arrive with a Human male. He saw a Human female fell onto the male kissing him on the lips making him upset seeing that. Trian went into the forest jungle getting an odd instinct feeling. He followed the feeling towards an out of it Human female sitting on a tree stump. 
He felt the Hyperon side within him itching to come out. He obeyed feeling again as reeds shoot out of his fingers while getting two teeth lengthening as fangs. 
Trian sensed himself watched but ignored the feeling while attacking the female to Drainer feed off of her by her neck.  
Trian reverted back to Human as the female fell to the ground unconscious making him disgusted with what he did. He picked her up as he heard crashing sounds in the forest behind him. He carried the female towards camp to the Human's leader's hut. He gave the female to the Human's leader who gave him a glare of accusation in his eyes. He ignored then went walking towards the forest when a Human blocked his way repeatedly.
He frowned as the Human spoke "I'm insisting that you go to Diazinia now." 
Trian went to Diazinia's teepee to see Human sign for Hyperon which is two large sticks forming an “X” next to teepee making him annoyed. 
Trian entered the teepee to see Diazinia staring at him with disgust on her face that spoke "Get out now! I won't associate myself with a Hyperon freak!" 
Trian felt rage willed forwards the Hyperon to glare at Diazinia who backs away from him fearfully. He Drainer feeds off Diazinia who doesn't resist to that till she is unconscious. 
He dropped her to the ground and remembered his Mother telling him "Hyperon males must mate twice to the same female before they go to die." 
Trian stripped himself and Diazinia and mated with her unconscious. 
He once finished got up to put on clothes as her abdomen gets swollen which he pulled out a baby. He took the baby out in the sun with other Humans watching him. Sun he saw killed off the Hyperon baby by shriveling it to dirt. 
Trian walked away from teepee as Human male walks up to him with a glare of accusation in his eyes blocking his way repeatedly.
He glared and spoke "Out with it now!"
Trian glared as the Human spoke "I ask for permission to take Diazinia." 
He spoke “You have my permission.” 
Trian eyed the Human who pulled out a knife and darted into the teepee. He heard a loud multiple scream of a female voice then cut off. He frowned as the Human came out of the teepee carrying Diazinia over his shoulder who appeared to be dead to him. Trian felt himself annoyed seeing that as the male carried Diazinia's lifeless body to a large eater surrounded by rocks and threw her into it.
He groaned softly to think to himself "I'll never have the acceptance from the Humans like I hoped. I might as well go end my life and put myself out of my misery." 
He went to cliff wall overlooking a river and sat on tree stump with hands on his face while groaning. 
Memories of him growing up among the Hyperon flash in his mind’s eye which he sat till his thoughts was interrupted by a male voice speaking "Trian." 
He ignored the male a Highlander from the voice tone, without looking behind him. 
He spoke "Go away." 
Trian stiffens as his voice breaking as tears fell from his eyes. 
He felt the Highlander's hand on his shoulder.
Trian yanked off to speak "I'm not entirely Human and isn’t one of the Humans." 
He heard the Highlander speak "The Humans are fine with you not being entirely human. I want you to go to camp to stay with them till we of the High Council call you into service again."
Trian groaned as there was a light flash behind him as he felt the Highlander's hand off his shoulder. He got up and went to the Human's camp. He kept head down and felt the Meritanians manipulating him on where to go. He felt them lead him to teepee with “X” symbol next to it. 
Trian went inside pulling the blanket over the opening covering it while falling to his knees. He sat in a kneeling position lengthy till night vision hits his eyesight. He slide to lie down on his back which he stared at the teepee's ceiling and groaned as sleep won’t come to him. 
He got up and leaves teepee to leave leaving opening open and grabbed branches with "X" symbol and yanked it breaking them in two. He walked out of camp walking in the forest with out caring where he’s going till daylight arrived. 
Trian exhausted fell towards the ground in a lying position and closes his eyes falling asleep. Trian woke up to sit in a sitting position to discover he’s back in the Malika caves in their medical room on a bed while feeling Hyperon feeling arrive. 
He closed his eyes while struggles with control and heard a voice in a compelling tone "Let the Hyperon feeling take over." 
He allowed while opening his eyes as something is brought to his lips and heard the compelling voice "I'm ordering you to drink." 
Trian drank from the thing he felt is a bowl and the liquid he recognized is milk that tasted very good to him. The Hyperon self reverted back and his hands grabbed the bowl as he continued to drink more of it till it's gone. 
Trian gasped gulping for air as the bowl was taken away. 
He faced the twin doctors one who spoke "You're to lie down and get some rest for we insist on it." 
Trian obeyed lied down and closed his eyes falling asleep. He came to awaken by hand shaking on his shoulder and opens his eyes to look at twins. 
One who spoke "We insist that you get up and follow us."
Trian got up and followed them out of medical cave to cave pass sparring Malika with their swords clanging to a hallway. The twins he saw stop at one of the doors in the hallway on his right side and slid it open. 
He got from them "We insist you go into this room and rest while you stay with us."
Trian obeyed to go inside seeing it reveals a cave room with a large mattress on the dirt floor with blankets and pillows on top of it. He spotted a cave entrance facing the doorway in the room. 
Twins he heard spoke "We insist you stay in this room till we order you out."
He frowned as he eyed them to see the twins pull back a curtain covering the doorway while he stood in the room. Trian went to the mattress yanked back blankets and lied on the bed while yanking blankets on his form. 
He stared at the jagged ceiling as sleep won’t come to him and felt sadness arrive as tears come. He rolled around to his stomach and puts arms on pillow and face on them as he cries tears. 
Trian mumbled to himself "I'm not being a normal Human like I wanted to be since a young age. I always having to fight the Hyperon side of me whenever it wants to come out." 
Trian felt himself unable to sleep left to the hallway walking to the Malika sparring room to see Visser sparring with a Malika with swords in hand. Trian watched as battle halts with Visser’s sword end poking male in stomach with male having sword on Visser’s neck. 
Trian heard from one of the twins "A sword in stomach will cause more damage than sword on neck." 
Males around the two groan loudly as Trian jerked feeling Hyperon feeling arrive. He grimaced as the male and Visser flicked swords back in wrists. He saw Visser punched the male in the face that falls to the floor. 
He saw a female Malika standing in the cave run to fallen male kneel and kisses him on the face then helps him up and pulls him out of the cave to another entrance. 
Trian groaned as the Hyperon feeling took control. He put hands over his eyes as reeds shoot out of his fingers while growling loudly. 
Trian struggled to not let the feeling take control of him. He heard a Wiser’s voice talking words not understood. He felt a hand gently grip his arm turning him around and is guided some place till he heard a familiar curtain swish. 
Trian heard the Wiser’s voice speaking in a compelling voice tone "Trian, kindly let the feeling wash over you."
Trian obeyed yanking his hands from his eyes to narrow them as he stared at the walls of his quarters while growling Hyperon like. He heard the Wiser speak again in a foreign language. Trian didn't decipher but jerked his eyes close while jerking his head up as the Hyperon feeling leaves him with the reeds going back inside his fingers. 
Trian breathed deeply lowering his head while opening his eyes as the Wiser spoke "You have the ability to control the Hyperon side without medicinal help and the way how is in your mind."
Trian gave out a snickering laughter like tone as he mentally spoke to himself hearing silence from the Wiser "I'm not believing the Wiser on this bit. I already tried multiple times to control this Hyperon side and nothing worked except this plant."
Wiser he heard talked ignoring his laughing noises "You have the ability. You have done the controlling before." 
He stiffened as the talk brought a memory of himself younger age controlling his Hyperon side when his Mother the Drainer Tia was cutting out her name on his left wrist with a knife. Trian recalled more memories of himself controlling the Hyperon side whenever it wanted to come out. 
He stiffened from shock as he mentally spoke "I realize the ability to control was always there inside me like the Wiser said." 
Trian got Hyperon feeling flaring up growled some sound while closing his eyes as he used his mind to keep it from coming out. He kept the Hyperon side under control and opened his eyes to feel much better about himself to notice the Wiser isn't in sight. 
He went to the bed to lie down closing his eyes as he got some sleep sleeping peacefully. 

Trian stood in the Malika sparring room ignored by Malika annoying him. 
He saw a Wiser who came up to him "I have to give you an image in your mind of a place. I have a power temporary to give to you. It's for going through the gate to some place where your path will lead to your father’s identity." 
Trian stood in front of gate with eyes closed as Wiser placed clawed hand on his forehead. He got an image and then walked through the gate to open his eyes and find himself surrounded by beings who appear to look slightly Hyperon to him but aren't Hyperon.
Trian revealed his Hyperon side at will which the beings halt their charging and threatening gestures aimed at him. Trian put back the Hyperon side. 
One of the beings speaks with him understanding the words "We are Narashia. You're face is similar to the One who created us." 
Narashia he felt confused about grabbed him and chained him and pull him through caves through large cavernous room on a bridge, where too many to count Narashia are down below digging onto the ground. He frowned as he was led to room where there are vertical tubes holding humanoids with wings on their backs and antennas on top of their heads with black beady eyes. Trian frowned seeing the people look familiar to him.
He frowned as the Narashia halted their pulling at a set of steps to hear "Says you'll serve me well or else."
Trian looked following up the steps to spot inside a vertical tube is a naked male form with the wording "PX5" labeled on it. 
He stiffened as he recognized Dan in a tube as his Mother’s brother as he heard silence from the Narashia. 
He spoke "I'm called Trian who's Mother is Tia your sister."
Dan he eyed waved a fist as he heard from the Narashia "Says you lie on this you stinking Human."
He spoke firmly "I'm telling the truth and I'm not just a stinking Human but have parts of Hyperon within me."
He glared at Dan he assumed he'll call him as the Narashia without a word pulled him away while seeing the male in the tube wave a fist aimed in his direction. He found himself unable to will forwards the Hyperon side to his disgust. Trian frowned as the Narashia brought him to a jail where there are other Humans there. He got thrust into a cell after freed from the chains.
Trian heard loudly "You won't be sleeping due to this One leading the Narashia giving us Humans to have nightmarish dreams which we can’t sleep." 
Trian groaned and ignored the Human's voice to go to the bench to lie down. He woke up with a start screaming of terror from a nightmarish dream within his mind. 
Trian heard loudly "This odd Human sees what we have been talking about." 
He kept himself awake unable to sleep unknowing of the time but sat in the cell seemingly lengthy. 
Trian looked to see a man dressed in cloud white clothing who entered the cell looking around to see it was square with cave walls, a long bench at the end. Trian with long dirty blonde sun colored hair framing his face while wearing brown gonoid skin clothing that clung to his form sat staring at Teorjer who looked at him with a frown. 
Trian spoke in Summeran with a tired voice, “Oh you’ve seen him, the one who created the Narashia. I can tell by the look on your face.”
The man sighed and went to the bench to sit leaning against the wall. 
Trian spoke again “The name is Trian.” 
The man spoke “I’m called Teorjer, and you’re General Wickers, from Shadan.” 
Trian nodded and asked “How did you know of the General Wickers persona?”
Teorjer replied “I know many things and I reveal them from time to time.” 
Trian stared at him with a curious look in his tired blue eyes as Teorjer murmured while leaning against the cave walls “PX5 and Tia, hmmm.”
There was a shower of electrical sparks from the bars. 
Trian grimaced as he pointed towards a corner in the walls speaking “I think he’s watching us through that.” 
Teorjer, he saw, looked up to see a black globe sticking in the walls in the corner with gonoid like creatures, blinking lights on them while crawling on the walls around the globe. 
There was a shower of sparks from the bars as Teorjer spoke “Tia, I wonder what happened to her.”
Trian spoke “I have to warn you, I think he communicates to us when we sleep.” 
Teorjer looked at him as Trian continued “There are others here who have been heard screaming from having nightmares and they say it’s from him.”
He saw Teorjer looked to stare at the black globe lost with a look then he looked at Trian and said “Have you been having those nightmares yourself?”
Trian nodded his head and spoke “The nightmares start on a dry cracked field with no life and then there’s a forest where we drink the water. The dreams according to the others start to vary for each of us, tormenting us with our greatest fears. It’s like he doesn’t want us to stop to think. None of us has slept very well since our arrival here.” 
Teorjer frowned then spoke out loud “Very interesting.” 
Then Trian saw him closed his eyes letting sleep over come him.Trian sat leaning against the cave wall while sitting on the bench, trying not to sleep, watching Teorjer. He saw Teorjer woke up with a gasp. 
Teorjer stood up and yelled “I will not let fear control me when I sleep!”
Trian sat up watching Teorjer pace back and forth yelling out “To the depths with the nightmares! They can’t harm me when I sleep!”
Trian groaned as Teorjer went back to the bench and sat on it and closed his eyes. Trian closed his eyes letting sleep overcome him. In his dream he was in a stood in a vast arid dry arid field with cracks in the ground as far as the eye could see devoid of life. Trian groaned at the familiar scene as the sun shined rays beating down on him. He heard a familiar roaring sound saw the scene change to be a forest with the moon shining and followed the sound of lapping water. Trian again groaned for he felt thirstiness and went to drink from the water, using his hands as a cup. 
Then he stood and waited as a familiar figure came walking forwards from behind a tree speaking the same words “You should not have drunken the water, for you will suffer my wrath.” 
Before Trian could react, the figure charged at him, grabbing him with a clawed hand on the neck, raising him up.
The figure spoke again “The water is sacred and must be drunken by only us.”
He proceeded to throw Trian with great strength in the air. As he landed on the ground the scene changed to show the Drainer Throne room on Shadan. 
Trian stood facing the Drainer King who was sitting in a bony chair who spoke words Trian automatically understood “You are to disappear drained by my people. Strip this Human and do it.” 
Trian stood staring at the Drainer King as he felt his clothes ripped off of his form showing his nakedness. He kept his eyes on the Drainer King as the Drainers attacked his body biting him with their mouths and hands on his chest. Trian didn’t protest as the scene changed and he was floating underwater while wearing his clothes back on his body. Trian heard a roaring sound and put his feet down hitting the bottom of the lake and stood up in the knee deep water. He saw the familiar figure standing there watching him at the banks of the lake and walked out of the water to stand next to the figure on the banks. 
Trian heard the figure speak “You aren’t afraid for we have been trying to contact you Humans.” 
Trian widen his eyes of shock as the figure continued “I am called Kurpanov for we are the Surrai. This was our domain before they arrived exiling him, PX5 with his people and their machinery here. We used to look like this before he arrived creating the Narashia.”
Trian frowned staring at Kurpanov who pointed speaking “This is they, the ones PX5 is referring to, and that won’t let him out.” 
Trian looked at what Kurpanov was pointing at with a shocked look recognizing the figure. The figure, Trian saw was a male Highlander with golden eyes and pointed ears was wearing robes of a High Council member and had a round orb imbedded in the forehead. 
Trian spoke “My mother is Tia, a Drainer, and PX5’s sister.” 
He saw Kurpanov stare at him with a shocked expression on his Human like face. 
Trian added rolling his sleeve on his left arm at the elbow, “She has marked me on the wrist with her name in the same language on PX5’s tube.” 
Kurpanov he noticed took a step forward towards him looking at Trian’s left wrist where the word “TIA” was seen scrawled sideways on it. 
Kurpanov spoke “have you shown the mark to PX5?”
Trian shook his head and spoke “I’ve been trying for the chains’ manacles cover the mark completely. PX5 won’t let me free of the manacles for me to show it to him despite me telling him that I’m her son. He won’t believe me or my words, for he is too angry.” 
Kurpanov hissed a breath and asked “Do you know who your father is?”
Trian replied “From what mother told me another member of a different species, which she won’t tell me the species or who he is.” 
Kurpanov stared at him and spoke “Close your eyes, Human for your about to be waken.” 
Trian obeyed. He woke up to feel hands on his arm while being shaken awake and looked at Teorjer who spoke “The Narashia are here asking for us to come out of this cell.”
Trian got up and with Teorjer left the cell with two of the Narashia putting chains on the two Humans and escorting them through a maze of caves. The group went through a cave opening to walk on the familiar large metal gangplank bridge in a huge cave area. Trian groaned some sound seeing the Narashia down below as Teorjer frowned. 
Trian spoke “What purpose is their existence for him?”
He noticed Teorjer looking at him as the four walked on the gangplank and added “My mother is Tia, a Drainer, his sister.  I have a mark on my left wrist with her name matching the writing in the tube he is in.”
They both saw the Narashia escorting him look at each other. 
Trian saw Teorjer nod his head and speak “Interesting, who is your father?”
Trian replied “Mother refuses to say despite me asking her. She only said that he is of another species other than Drainer and Human.” 
The Humans and escorts reached the end of the gangplank bridge and entered a cave opening and the four went through a maze of cave hallways then reached another large cave. Trian glared seeing the familiar stairs leading down the room towards large tubes with wires attached to the cave ceiling. The two Narashia escorted the Humans down the stairs. They passed by tubes and the group abruptly stopped at a set of stairs leading towards a familiar large cylinder. Trian stiffened seeing a tall Human male standing in front of the tube with arms folded. A manacle was around his neck with a chain attached to the bottom of the tube. The male, Trian, could see had the same smirking angry look on his face and he was growling loudly. 
PX5 floating in the tube behind him cocked his head in a greeting as Trian spoke “What’s going on?”
One of the Narashia said “Says do you like my new pet Nikolas?”
Teorjer spoke “I wouldn’t keep him there.” 
The Narashia spoke “Says Nikolas is under my control, and will do my bidding.” 
Nikolas, Trian saw, at the moment walked down the steps till he was halfway straining against the taut chain while waving his arms.
Teorjer asked “Why is he acting that way?”
The Narashia replied “Says he is hungry to feed and you will provide that.” 
Trian abruptly felt himself pushed forwards and he walked up the steps towards Nikolas who licked his lips while growling some sound. 
Trian spoke as he walked up towards Nikolas “Dan, your name is Dan not PX5.” 
He kept his eyes on the figure in the tube that narrowed his eyes and fisted one of his hands raising it up.  
The Narashia asked “Says how you knew of my actual name?”
Trian reached Nikolas who grabbed him and pulled him further up the steps till he was face to face with PX5 floating in the tube. 
The Narashia again said “Says answer the question, Human.” 
Trian stared at the male in the tube face to face who leaned his head closer towards him while moving his mouth. 
The Narashia spoke “Says who you think you are?”
Trian answered holding up a manacled left wrist “I’m Tia’s son. She told me of you including your name. Mother also marked me with her name on my left wrist which matches the writing on the tube your in.” 
He saw PX5 shake his head in anger while fisting both hands while moving his mouth as the Narashia spoke “Says you expect me to believe that?”
Trian spoke “Your pet should be able to keep me from harming you if I show you the mark.”
He felt Nikolas growl and sensed him put a hand on his chest. Trian didn’t groan during the haze as Nikolas bit his neck sucking on the blood from within. Then Nikolas licked the puncture marks closed and proceeded to lift Trian up with a hand on his neck. Trian gagged as Nikolas threw him down the stairs which Trian landed at the Narashia’s feet with a thump on the ground. 
Groaning Trian got up with Teorjer’s help as the Narashia spoke “Says you don’t know Tia like do for she would never have a Human child.”
Trian spoke to that remark “My name is Trian.” 
Trian noticed the look on PX5 change from anger to shock and saw the Narashia standing besides the Humans, grip their heads with their clawed hands. 
Trian saw as the Narashia lowered their hands, anger returned to PX5’s face as one of the Narashia spoke “Says tell me who is your father.” 
Trian replied “I don’t know. Mother refuses to tell me whenever I asked her. She only told me that he is of another species other than Drainer or Human.” 
He saw PX5 wave a hand and the two Narashia proceeded to pull the two Humans out of the cavernous room towards a maze of caves. Once again they reached the cavernous with the gangplank in it.  
Teorjer spoke as they were walking on the gangplank “Trian, I don’t understand why your mother would hide your father’s existence from you.”
Trian spoke “I don’t either.” 

Trian sat up in the cell with Teorjer awake and appearing to be lost in his thoughts. He heard the gate to the cell open and looked to see a figure came walking inside as Teorjer looked. The gate to the cell closed behind the figure that stood watching them. 
Teorjer remarked seeing the visitor “A Surrai before the change.”
The Surrai with his black colored hair in a pulled back neat ponytail stood staring at Trian with some awareness in his Human like face. Trian frowned as the Surrai male walked forwards pointing at his left wrist. The Surrai turned around and kneeled pulling up his ponytail showing the back of his neck. Trian gasped seeing writing on the neck area and got up to take a closer look. He stiffened seeing the marking was the same as the marking on his left wrist. 
Trian heard Teorjer speak “Could he be according to that writing, your father?”
Trian frowned and went to stand in front of the kneeling Surrai who stared at him with a pleasant look on his face. 
The Surrai spoke words Trian automatically understood “You must be Trian. The name is Trevor.” 
Trian stiffened hearing the word Trevor and spoke to Teorjer “Mother mentioned my father’s name as Trevor.” 
With a sigh, Trian leaned forwards and gave the kneeling Surrai a hug with his arms. The Surrai wrapped his arms around Trian in response hugging him. 

The gate to the cell opened and one of the two Narashia standing there spoke “You three get out.”
Trian with Teorjer and Trevor walked out and each was giving chain manacles to wear on their wrists. The two Narashia escorted the three through a maze of caves till they reached the gangplank in a cavernous area. Trian looked at Trevor who growled some sound seeing the scene down below the gangplank as they walked on it. The Narashia down below looked up to from their work to see the new visitor then resumed working.
Teorjer spoke to Trian and Trevor “Appears that PX5 is controlling them with his anger according to the looks on the faces of his people and himself.” 
They reached the end of the cave and walked pass a maze of caves till they reached the cave that held the tubes. Trevor made a Human sound of disgust as he saw the tubes and their occupants. The group reached the steps where PX5 was floating in his tube. 
One of the Narashia spoke “Says you, the new visitor must be Trevor.”
At Trevor’s snarl the Narashia continued speaking “Says I hear everything said here and you will do my bidding, Trevor.” 
Trevor’s response was to growl as Teorjer spoke “Why haven’t you bothered to use them to free you from your torments?”
The Narashia spoke “Says I’m not tormented now for I’m fine.”
Teorjer spoke “No your not, for you were locked in the tube by the High Council.” 
He saw PX5’s hands turn into fists and added “The High Council has disappeared by Nikolas’ hand. Your safe from them now, they cannot harm you.” 
Nikolas at the moment stood up and walked towards the tube holding PX5 with his accusing look in his face. Nikolas turned around to stand next to the tube with his hands in fists with a look Trian recognized on his face. 
The Narashia spoke “Says how you knew of this?”
Trian and Trevor looked at Teorjer who spoke “I’m aware of the High Council and their trickery including what they did to you.” 
The Narashia protested speaking “Says unbelievable!”
Teorjer replied “You said it yourself; I’m different from the other Humans.” 
Trian saw PX5’s face turn to shock as the Narashia bent down in pain and he heard Teorjer yell “Now!”
Nikolas, he saw, swung around bringing his fists through the tube shattering the clear glass in pieces and liquid came spilling out. PX5 screamed in pain yelling as Trian sensed one of the Narashia stood up and proceeded to take off the chains off the wrists of Teorjer, Trevor and himself. He saw the Narashia’s companion run up the steps as Nikolas yanked PX5 out of the tube. The Narashia proceeded to take the chain manacle off of Nikolas’ neck before falling towards the ground with a thud. Nikolas pulled his mask back on his face and lifted an unconscious PX5 and ran down the stairs towards the three males.
Trevor yelled “I know the way out, follow me!”
The caves rumbled shaking as Nikolas carrying an unconscious PX5 and group ran out of the room just in time as there were explosions of fire behind them. 
Trian yelled “The other Humans, we must save them!”
Trevor yelled as they ran “Their already freed and is escaping through the gate!”
Trevor led the group through mazes of shaking and rumbling caves with dirt and rocks dropping in their path. The group reached a cave opening to see the gate flashing as Humans ran in it. The group ran into the gate disappearing just in time as fire filled the cave. Trian came walking out of the doorway in a flash of lightening with Trevor behind him. 
Trian spoke to the growling Drainers “I brought my father.” 
He saw Torrin standing there speaking words which the Drainer king spoke words. 
Trian patiently waited as Torrin spoke “Says see that the Surrai can bring Tia out of this.”
Torrin added as Trian’s eyes widen “We’re aware of who and what your father is for it was Tia’s wish to keep this hidden which we honor.” 
Trian went to his mother and wrapped his arms around her shoulders as Trevor picked up one of her hands. 
Trian spoke “Mother, I said I would find father and bring him to you whom I have.” 
He sensed Tia stop her rocking and plopped a hand on his which was around her shoulders. 
Trian stiffened as his face was grabbed by one of her hands as she spoke in Summeran while rocking in the chair “Save Dan, save him!”
Trian frowned as she let go of his face and groaned loudly closing her eyes shaking her head as one of the openings to the room flashed lightening. He saw Hades holding a mumbling out of it Dan and a female wearing plant colored dress with a face of a Narashia stood in the room watching the Drainers growl at them. 
Trian loudly spoke “It’s Dan, Tia’s brother.”
His words were translated by Torrin which the Drainers in the room stopped their growling. He saw Hades stepped forwards carrying Dan towards his sister who stopped her rocking to stare at the two. He watched as Hades held Dan inches from Tia who reached with her hand and did a finger walking motion on her brother’s leg with her fingers going up and down. Dan he saw shook his head opening his eyes to look at his sister and move his head forwards towards her once seeing her. 
Tia he saw pointed to her neck and tapped three times which Dan spoke “Tia.”
Trian smiled seeing that only to frown as both looked away while rocking their forms. 
He frowned as he heard loudly "With respects, Drainer King, Trian's father Trevor has to take Tia to his world where he lives. His world is where Tia originated actually."
Trian eyed the Wiser while hearing Torrin's voice he assumed was speaking Drainer language. 
He spoke as his father picked up his mother "Take me with you. I want to come."
He got loudly "Stand fast Trian!"
Trian frowned hearing the words for it sounded like the Drainer King's voice as he heard gibberish spoken followed by Torrin speaking "Says to Trevor you can take Tia with you for a price tag. The price is your son Trian must stay with us."
Trian spoke while eyeing the Drainer King "What's so important about me to stay with you? You kicked me out when I asked for help with a problem with a certain group."
He glared at the Drainer King who gave him a glare and spoke "Trian."
This was followed by gibberish he hearing Torrin speaking "I'll explain why we're upset with the High Council. Our upset mood is that the High Council before medical advances of technology used Drainers to taste the bloody essence of people to determine what species they were even if their hybrids of them. The High Council also used us to determine if a female regardless of species including the Shadonia was carrying offspring by the taste of their bloody essence. They even sicken us to target Human battle groups fighting in wars, mostly picking onto the survivors of that group in question. We got fed up with that and has refused to do this anymore."
He frowned hearing that from Torrin as the Drainer King added speaking gibberish he hearing translated "Says I admit it the High Council put too much fuss onto you, Trian to stay alive. It's a view they shared with us via the Meritanians those stinking mind walking sentient plants speaking to us via mind talk. We don't care for listening to the Meritanians spouting jokes they pull onto the High Council hence we refused to hear them talking to us."
Trian shifted to eye his father who formed a sad look and without a word picked up Tia and watched him walk away carrying his mother disappearing in a flash of light show. He kneeled feeling himself sad unexpectedly while feeling his eyes dripping of water. He sensed another light show ignored it to stare at the floor he hearing Drainers growling all around him.
Trian heard loudly "Stand fast Drainers!"
He frowned recognizing the Wiser's voice to shake his head of sadness to stand up finding a Wiser in the room armed with a sword weapon who had a glare.
Trian frowned eyeing the Wiser as he heard a Drainer spoke "Spill it Boney on what you want now and get out!"
He frowned finding himself understanding the Drainer unexpectedly despite speaking in a growling language tone as the Wiser spoke in twin language "I'll put aside the insulting term of Boney if you put aside using Trian as one of your food sources."
Trian stiffened as he heard "Tell us Boney why we should be doing what you said. Trian's bloody essence has proven to be pure to us."
He frowned recognizing the Drainer King's voice as he eyed the Wiser who spoke "Very well, you shall have you answer."
He grimaced as he felt liquid dripping from a cut on his neck to find the Wiser's sword was stained to hear growling noises sounding angry to him. 
Trian heard "His blood is poisonous hence his pure status! He poisoned our Drainer King with his pure status! This stinking Human will pay for that poisoning onto our leader!"
He grimaced fully as he heard a loud roaring noise cutting off the commentary. 
He frowned as he heard "Alex, what got you upset?"
Trian recognized the Drainer King's voice and frowned wondering who Alex was as he shifted to eye the ruler. He found the Drainer King looking at the Luneran who was crouched while growling loudly in some pose that made his senses blare warning unexpectedly.
Trian eyed the Luneran warily as he heard from the male "This is my domain. I let you Drainers live here with my permission. Stop forgetting that now! I say that Trian lives. Your Drainer King from the smell of him isn't poisoned as you say. He's fine enough to live very lengthy to lead you so back off on targeting Trian with death on your mind!"
He frowned as he heard from the Drainer King "What Alex says regarding me and my health is the truth. He has kept me alive at times I didn't acknowledge myself sick enough to seek medical help. It was him who got me to medical at times I was too proud to admit suffering from a medical ailment. Besides this is his domain, we Drainers were granted permission to live in. I insist you back off targeting Trian with death as Alex said."
Trian frowned but felt himself relieved to hear as the Drainers' growling all around him went silent. 
He frowned as he felt his mind scanned to mentally speak "Get out of my mind you stinking Meritanian."
He frowned as the mind sense continued followed by hearing the Drainer King add "Alex, it's your call on deposing Trian. You tell them on where to dump him."
Trian eyed the Luneran he figured was named Alex warily who spoke still keeping the crouching position "Ramses, transport Trian out to some place before I'm tempted to eat him! I know he works for the High Council anyway so get him out now! I'm itching to eat!"
Trian found himself out of the Drainer King's throne room to find himself in the presence of the High Council a bunch of robed Highlanders seated in chairs in front of him too many steps away. He glared at the High Council with annoyance running through him as he felt his mind scanned. 
He heard in response "Oh no you don't. Your not mind wiping Trian again. I'll dump the one who thinks this idea into the ocean and no I'm not going to tell you where."
Trian frowned hearing the Meritanian Ramses' mental male voice blaring in his mind as he eyed the High Council with a glare of accusation in his eyes. 
He heard mentally in his mind "We have a matter of you not acknowledging something we insist you acknowledge. Ramses, transport Trian as he's called, out back to the Malika now."
Trian found himself back into the Malika's sparring room still ignored as usual making him annoyed. He felt his mood become bad stomped into the hallway leading to his bedroom. He found himself restrained by appearing Malika holding his arms including one had an arm around his neck as Visser appeared in front of him. He frowned to recall hearing whooshing sounds to indicate the Malika could run very fast as he glared at Visser. 
Trian kept his mouth shut as Visser raised a fist and spoke "Good night Trian."
He heard loudly as Visser's fist connected with his jaw "Don't bother doing that. We have a better way, Visser."
He frowned hearing the twins' voices behind him as Visser spoke loudly "I don't want to hear you twins call me Visser again. My title is Leader and that's what you should call me period and don't forget it."
He found the twins walking into view as one held up a hand in front of his face and saw her blew mist into him making him cough violently as he found himself sleepy unexpectedly. Trian surrendered to the sleepiness falling unconscious.

Trian woke up with a groan finding himself lying in a bed in the medical cave while feeling a hand rubbing his forehead. 
He jerked open his eyes looking around with confusion running through him to see the hand’s owner was Visser who spoke loudly “Doctor he’s awake.”
Trian felt Visser’s other hand on his shoulder holding him down as he stared at Visser with confusion running through him. He frowned as one of the twin doctors came into view to wave a light in his eyes that made him flinch from the glare. 
He stared at the twin who spoke “Appears he’s fine and completely recovered.” 
Trian spoke voice in a groaning tone “What happened to require me to be put down asleep?”
He eyed the twin who looked at Visser who gave a nod and then the female spoke “Ah Leader as he wishes to be called, reports that you fell into some can’t be waken sleep in front of them sparring away. You were also dripping water all over a Human term for sweating while having form shaking. You were put here to be monitored. It was due to appearing to be going through some withdrawing from some substance in your body that was getting rid of it. The Wisers said that the withdrawal is good for you. They were indicating that the substance in your system was shutting down major body organs and that the shutting down was going to continue if you kept on taking the substance. The Wisers have refused to admit what it is that you took. They were saying that they’ve seen people taking that substance and get addicted to it enough to kill themselves off and don’t want that to happen to the Malika.”
Trian frowned hearing the twin's words as she continued to speak “I get the feeling from the Wisers that the substance is some kind of drug that makes people feel some certain way. It's enough to continue taking it for that feeling enough to hurt their bodies killing themselves off.”
He formed a frown on his face as the twin paused to look at Visser who he eyed spoke “Interesting anything Trian can do while in here?”
He eyed the twin who spoke “He needs to take in nourishment and I meant it when I say it. He needs to take a lot of it for his body to recover enough to function on normal nourishment amounts. Also I recommended that he gets a good amount of sleep each time a day which is what his body needs along with the nourishment.”
Trian checked his body to discover he was wearing pants with a blanket covering him up to his shoulders. Trian sighed as the twin walked out of view followed by Visser looking down at him that patted his shoulder along with removing his hands and straightening up his form to stand.
He spoke "Mahalia, a Malika that was paired to you? How is she doing medically wise?"
Trian stared at Visser who stared at him before speaking “She’s doing alright keeping herself busy with the females and their offspring’s care from what I heard from others telling me when I inquire about her. Don’t worry about her. She’s fine.” 
He frowned as Visser folded his arms while staring at him which he spoke “Ugh how long do I have to lie in this bed anyway?”
Trian saw Visser look away and heard one of the twins' voices saying “He can leave once he takes in some nourishment and limits his physical activity till we determine he’s fine enough to do anything.” 
He groaned softly as Visser looked at him with a frown on his face. 
Trian sighed and forced himself to sit up looking around the room spotting male Malika standing in the doorway looking in his direction behind Visser. He frowned seeing them. 
He heard Visser speak “Which one of you lot is going to get Trian something to eat and drink around here?”
Trian saw them dart out of the doorway. He saw several Malika in view clanking their swords against each other noises sounding loudly. Trian sighed and rubbed a hand on his head feeling his hair was shoulder length and long and rubbed his chin feeling nothing to indicate hair growth which confused him. 
He recalled to himself "I wound up growing hair on my chin soon after I was captured by the High Council and made into a blind man." 
Trian frowned to swing the blanket off of him and his legs off the bed to feel Visser’s hand on his shoulder holding him in place in a tight grip. He folded his arms and stared at the ground with a frown feeling a familiar weird feeling hitting him that became stronger and stronger. 
He felt it was an urge to touch the ground and dig his fingers into in bent down feeling Visser’s hand off his shoulder which he placed a hand on the dirt ground and dug his fingers into it shutting his eyes. He stiffened as an image of a Hyperon shaking its head looking confused walking in a corridor that looked familiar flashed in his mind. 
He continued to eye the Hyperon keeping the hand on the ground checking for the area. Trian wound up recognizing it as one of the corridors leading to the large cavernous room where the cracked egg was on a platform. He figured that the Hyperon was heading towards the room. Trian figured from its behavior that it was newly made hence its head shaking. He jerked open his eyes along with yanking his hand off the ground and stood up abruptly while feeling hands grabbing his shoulders forcing him to a sit down position. 
Trian heard a familiar voice speaking sounding Wiser like to him behind him “Trian you saw a Hyperon in the caves. Where is it and where is it going?’
He spoke “Saw it in a corridor appearing to be going to the cavernous room where that cracked egg on the platform is. I saw judging by its behavior that it’s newly made and appears to be going to that room by instinct.” 
He heard from the Wiser behind him “Visser, you and the Malika stay here while I handle that Hyperon. I know what will destroy that thing and will handle doing the job.” 
Trian heard nothing more from the Wiser behind him. He frowned as he sat on the bed and felt hands off his shoulders he saw were belonged to Visser who resumed standing with arms folded. He frowned hearing a faint explosion sound along with rumbling vibrations felt twisted his form to look at the jagged doorway. Trian looked to see a Wiser dart by in a fast speed move appearing to be headed towards the caves. 
His nose smelled food and his stomach rumbled from the smell. Trian twisted his form till back was to the jagged doorway and saw a male Malika enter the room carrying a tray with dishware on it. He didn’t protest as the male handed him the tray and he placed it on his lap and felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink. Trian once done sighed and handed the male back the tray who took it and went out of sight.
Trian groaned once done and heard one of the twins speaking “Leader, Trian can’t lie down after a certain time has passed for his body system to get the food digested. If he lies down he’ll throw it up so have him lean against you while he sleeps for he needs it.”
He felt Visser sit on the bed and pull him towards him. He didn’t resists shut his eyes passing out unconscious only to come to with a terrible urge to have the Hyperon side out. Trian obeyed to the feeling along with getting up growling and quickly started walking ignoring anything all around him only sensing something guiding him. He obeyed to the feeling eyes not registering anything. He sensed himself falling head forwards and feeling a feminine body despite thick clothes clinging to him all over along with suddenly feeling a hand grabbing his ankle holding him in place in the air. 
He didn’t feel any emotion continued to hang even when the female form removed herself from around him. He felt something like ropes and hands wrapped around him. Trian felt his position change from head first upside down to right side up which he felt himself hoisted up. 
Trian felt ground on his feet along with another sense guiding him who he started walking. He felt dirt thrown in his face blinding him temporary to feel himself fall to the ground going still with eyes closed and felt himself going unconscious. 

He frown as the male faded from view while hearing two whooshing sounds blinked his eyes to find the scene changed to show himself standing in a large room with covered up people he saw recognized as the High Council while having hands clawed holding his arms as he felt his Hyperon side go back inside him while feeling a headache hitting his head. 
Trian felt his annoyance take hold as he eyed the High Council which one of the speakers spoke “So nice of you to be back, Trian.” 
He heard the sarcasm coming from speaker identified as Shad as the male continued speaking “Anybus, transport him to the badlands and let the Hyperon do their work on him.” 
He struggled against the hands of the gonoid beaked headed servants of the High Council whose hold remained iron clad and hauled him following another gonoid head warrior out of the room to a vast hallway. He continued to struggle while attempting to will his Hyperon side back but felt his head still having a headache as he was led to an opening in the wall that showed a room with a gate in it. He continued to struggle as he was led through the gate with an image in his mind and found himself in seeing night vision flashing in his eyes as he saw the High Council arrive with their speakers to sit at a dais far ahead of him. He growled annoyed sound seeing between him and the high set dais were groups of Hyperon. He again felt the headache hitting him restraining his Hyperon side as he eyed them. Trian opened his mouth to speak when he felt a clawed hand gag him on the throat along with his hem of his shirt lifted up baring his chest. He struggled against the clawed hand holds as a Hyperon came up to him and with a shrug motion poked him on the chest with its reed clawed hand. He grimaced feeling stinging pain from the poking followed by the Hyperon walking off. He again struggled in the grips of the clawed hands as he was abruptly freed and felt a sick feeling in his stomach as he threw up liquid that made him think it was blood. He fell to his knees and continued to throw up liquid and slid onto his back to stare at the sky he saw wasn’t a sky but a rocky cave ceiling which he continued to stare as he coughed out blood. He saw the ceiling had movement which he eyed them to see figures with manoid shapes crawling on it which he scrutinized one of them to see one pause to appear to stare back at him. He saw a Highlander with all eyes that reminded him of a Shadonian and fizzy hair along with scaly like skin and clothes that appeared to be scaly gonoid like molded to the form as he felt the headache stop. He willed his Hyperon side out and felt another headache which he struggled to speak while thinking of his name Trian running through his mind. Trian gagged on the blood spurting out of his mouth till he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. He dreamed of himself floating above his body to see the gonoid head servants of the High Council walk out of view with light flashing seen. Trian continued to float watching as a male Highlander he saw from the ceiling walked into view to lift up his shirt and appeared to put his mouth on his chest while making some head shaking movements followed by making an up and down movement then stop by yanking the shirt to cover the area after lifting the head up. He continued to watch as the Highlander walked out of view followed by scene going black as he came to within his body to feel his Hyperon side in control along with himself feeling normal and not more Hyperon than he normally was. He felt the throwing up feeling had stopped but coughed jerking open his eyes to see himself surrounded by Hyperon with heads bowed staring at him which he eyed them to see that they didn’t seem threatening to him as he sat up and they backed up away from him. Trian got up shaking his head while looking around to spot trees in the background with the top parts appearing to be part of the ceiling wall above him. He continued to look around and spotted a gate which he exhaled a breath walked stumbling towards it to see the Hyperon in his way dart out of view as he walked towards it. He went to the gate and went through to find himself standing in a metal rectangular room all around and frowned as he willed the Hyperon side away from him. He heard multiple whining squeal sounds to see with annoyance armed Annukai pointing their gun weapons aimed at him. He raised his hands in a surrender gesture as he felt the room move going down and then the wall in front of him split in two and he was gestured out. He came out to see multiple races standing around in the room that acted threatening towards him by pulling out gun weapons and aiming it at him. Trian’s Hyperon side blared warning alerting him of a Hyperon in vicinity which he looked around as the races aimed their gun weapons at him. He folded his arms and marched towards them to see fear in the eyes of the manoids who quickly darted out of his way which he went through a doorway entering a hallway and continued walking till he reached a wall putting a hand on it and it slid open which he walked through to hear the door slid shut behind him. His Hyperon side went through as he saw a Hyperon stuck in the wall with part of its reed claws behind a tube. He went to it and gestured to the Hyperon to move its arm which took several repeated gestured movements till the manoid figured out what he wanted it to do. He watched as the Hyperon moved in the gesture movement then walked to the middle of the room showing a ramp and at top was a gate and proceeded to walk through it. Trian willed his Hyperon side gone as he went to the ramp and walked up it only to feel his arms grabbed by familiar hands struggled hearing whining squeal sounds to see the hands were from the beaked gonoids which he was hauled from the gate through the wall opening in front to show a familiar gonoid head manoid. 
Trian snarled out “I’ll have your head for this.”
He heard from the gonoid manoid a loud voice “All Humans die.” 
He struggled against the beaked gonoids’ hands grip as he was led down the hallway to a doorway which he was thrust through then stood watching as a metal door slid shut in the doorway. He found himself in a small rectangular room which he stiffened as part of the walls on the opposite the doorway opened showing a night sky as he felt air whooshing out and gasped as he figured that they were spacing him which he threw himself towards the floor running his hands on it as he was lifted up and sailed through the opening only to breathe oxygen as his body hit a wall with a thud noise. He slid down the wall to land on his feet as his Hyperon side came out blaring. He looked around discovering that he was back in the Malika’s home cave and that there was a Hyperon standing in vicinity looking at him with some questioning look in its eyes while noticing that the Malika weren’t around. Trian saw a flash of light appear off his right looked to see a figure came out of the gate with a tan Shadonian form while wearing a red robe on with a female form. He eyed her as she fell to the ground and watched her form shredded backwards showing a Human female with long blonde hair wearing a long green dress that highlighted her upper body. He stiffened with recognition running through him seeing her as Edenia from hearing about her from his mother. Trian watched as she sat up shaking her head focused on him and on the Hyperon which he saw fear appear on her face. He shifted towards the Hyperon hearing a growling noise coming from it and recognized the sound sensing it would attack Edenia quickly put himself between her and the Hyperon while having his back to her. He snarled out a Hyperon challenge sound eyes narrowed towards it while swiping his reed hands aimed at it in Hyperon like moves. He glared at the Hyperon which he saw a ball of eater appear into view hitting it on the chest and watched as the thing erupt into a large eater surrounding it. Trian quickly darted towards Edenia throwing his form on top of her wrapping arms around her head pining her to him as he heard a loud explosion like sound and grimaced feeling objects hitting him on the back as he saw rocky like objects appear into view over his head hitting the wall smashing into pieces. 
He continued to hold Edenia till the throwing rocks stopped and heard a Wiser’s voice speaking “All is safe now Trian. Let go of her I’ll handle her and her care.” 
He obeyed to see Edenia look at him with some happy pleasant look in her eyes and face sighed as he removed himself from her to stand up as a Wiser came into view. He stepped back watching as the Wiser lifted up Edenia and carried her, her eyes lingering on him into the medical cave which he followed to pause in the doorway watching them walk out through a cave entrance which he figured that the being was taking her outside. Trian felt his Hyperon side stop bothering him willed it back within him and stood with arms folded. He heard a howl sound sounding Wiser like and again heard sword clanging noises sounding behind him.  
He felt a hand on his shoulder sensed it belonged to Visser and heard his son speaking “The Wisers aren’t kidding on what they said about you being useful against the Hyperon.” 
He kept his mouth shut figuring it was best to not to say anything as he heard one of the twin doctors’ voice behind him speaking “You Trian needs a medical examination for injuries to your back which you hit the wall coming out of the gate.”
He sighed to feel Visser’s hand off his shoulder which he entered the medical cave and laid his form down face on the bed and waited listening for anything to indicate the doctors’ voices. He kept his mouth shut grimacing from soreness as he felt hands poking him on the back all over including the back of his head while hearing beeping sounds loudly. 
He heard the voice of one of the doctors speaking “Ah appears that Trian has only muscle sprains in his back which we recommended bed rest for him just to not to aggravate his back. The bones are this close to fracturing and any physical activity or hit in the back area will cause them to crack so bed rest will do till he has completely healed from it.”
Trian groaned softly hearing the doctor’s diagnose. He was ordered up which he obeyed and told to hit his room and stay there lying in bed and not do much which he obeyed going to his room and laid his form sideways on the bed feeling his back too sore to lie on it. Trian shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious.

Trian came to feeling himself lying on his stomach feeling hands poking his back which was bare of his top feeling him all over. He didn’t protest from the hands’ poking sensing himself lying on a medical bed and felt only soreness made worse from the poking. He felt sleepiness felt himself passing out unconscious.

Trian came to feeling an urge hitting him jerked open his eyes discovering himself lying on his bed in his room with his shirt on his form along with the rest of his clothes on him. He got up and darted into the bathroom intending to use the facilities. He came out heading towards the cave entrance only to pause as a light show flashed in front of him which he saw revealed Edenia herself. He stared at her as his senses smelled something coming off of her that made him think it was a male’s mating scent as she reached out a hand towards his cheek. He saw a light flash behind Edenia looked to see a bit away was male wearing odd clothing with an angry look on his face and smelled him as the one who mating with Edenia that roared an angry sound which he quickly backed up from her. He eyed Edenia and the male to see her turn around with an annoyed look on her face. He watched as the male went to Edenia putting a hand on her chin and kissed her on the lips followed by her breaking it off. He watched as Edenia raised a hand fisted towards the male followed by aiming it at him and then saw the room changed to show some sort of bedroom with odd items in it. He heard a cooing sound sounding like a baby within the room and sniffed sensing that it belonged to both the male and Edenia. 
Trian eyed Edenia who again raised her hand towards his face uncurling it. 
He backed up shaking his head speaking in Summeran “No he has marked you as his and I can’t take you for he’ll fight me for you. I can smell it on you.” 
He backed up as she took a step towards him which he shook his head no and continued echoing his words. He saw a frown appear on her face followed by annoyance as she folded her arms. He heard a door opening sound smelled the male in the vicinity along with hearing the male’s roar looked at the doorway then looked at her. 
Trian spoke “I told you that he has marked you as his from the smell and he’s standing in the doorway seeing me as a threat.” 
Trian saw Edenia look away at the male then resumed looking at him which he spoke “I belong to someone else who has me as hers so I can’t be yours. Besides your male would challenge me in a fight which I’ll lose if you attempt to touch me.” 
He saw anger form on her face as he noticed the male enter the room walking up to Edenia placing a hand on her shoulder. He eyed the male warily to see him glaring at him who he found the scene changed to find himself in his cave room and sighed loudly to go to the bed and sit on it rubbing a hand on his forehead. He heard the curtain swish aside looked up to see Melinda enter the room looking at him that made him feel happy to see her. Trian got up and went to Melinda who paused from walking which he reached her brought a hand to her chin and kissed her fully on the lips. 
He thought to himself “Mine, mine, and mine.” 
He felt Melinda kiss him back followed by her hand touching the back of his neck and his chest in a gentle grip. He broke off the kiss to kiss Melinda on the forehead and wrapped his arms around her sensing her liking it and then groaned as she broke off the hug. 
He stared at Melinda who spoke “You should be in bed resting, Trian.” 
He obeyed getting his form onto the bed pulling back the blankets and felt Melinda sitting on the bed rubbing his forehead in a gentle move followed by forcing his eyes shut as he fell asleep feeling himself passing out unconscious.   

Trian woke up with a groan finding himself lying in a bed in the medical cave while feeling a hand rubbing his forehead. 
He jerked open his eyes looking around with confusion running through him to see the hand’s owner was Visser who spoke loudly “Doctor he’s awake.”
Trian felt Visser’s other hand on his shoulder holding him down as he stared at Visser with confusion running through him. He frowned as one of the twin doctors came into view to wave a light in his eyes that made him flinch from the glare. 
He stared at the doctor who spoke “Appears he’s fine and completely recovered.” 
Trian spoke voice in a groaning tone “What happened to me?”
He eyed the doctor who looked at Visser who gave a nod and then the female spoke “Ah Melinda reports that you fell into some can’t be waken sleep while dripping water all over while having form shaking which you were put here to be monitored due to appearing to be going through some withdrawing from some substance in your body that was getting rid of it. The Wisers said that the withdrawal is good for you due to indicating that the substance in your system was shutting down major body organs and that the shutting down was going to continue if you kept on taking the substance. The Wisers have refused to admit what it is that you took due to saying that they’ve seen people taking that substance and get addicted to it enough to kill themselves off and don’t want that to happen to the Malika.”
He frowned hearing the doctor’s words as she continued to speak “I get the feeling from the Wisers that the substance is some kind of drug that makes people feel some certain way enough to continue taking it for that feeling enough to hurt their bodies killing themselves off.”
He formed a frown on his face as the doctor paused to look at Visser who he eyed spoke “Interesting anything Trian can do while in here?”
He eyed the doctor who spoke “He needs to take in nourishment and I meant it when I say it. He needs to take a lot of it for his body to recover enough to function on normal nourishment amounts. Also I recommended that he gets a good amount of sleep each time a day which is what his body needs along with the nourishment.”
He checked his body to discover he was wearing pants with a blanket covering him up to his shoulders. Trian sighed as the doctor walked out of view followed by Visser looking down at him that patted his shoulder along with removing his hands and straightening up his form to stand. 
He spoke “Melinda? How’s she doing?” 
He stared at Visser who stared at him before speaking “She’s doing alright keeping herself busy with the females and their offspring’s care from what I heard from others telling me when I inquire about her. Don’t worry about her. She’s fine.” 
He frowned as Visser folded his arms while staring at him which he spoke “Ugh how long do I have to lie in this bed anyway?”
He saw Visser look away and heard one of the doctors’ voices saying “He can leave once he takes in some nourishment and limits his physical activity till we determine he’s fine enough to do anything.” 
He groaned softly as Visser looked at him with a frown on his face. Trian sighed and forced himself to sit up looking around the room spotting male Malika standing in the doorway looking in his direction behind Visser which he frowned seeing them. 
He heard Visser speak “Which one of you lot is going to get Trian something to eat and drink around here?”
He saw them dart out of the doorway and saw several Malika in view clanking their swords against each other noises sounding loudly which he sighed and rubbed a hand on his head feeling his hair was shoulder length and long and rubbed his chin feeling nothing to indicate hair growth which confused him. He recalled himself growing hair there soon after he was captured by the High Council and made into a blind man. Trian frowned to swing the blanket off of him and his legs off the bed to feel Visser’s hand on his shoulder holding him in place in a tight grip. He folded his arms and stared at the ground with a frown feeling a familiar weird feeling hitting him that became stronger and stronger. He felt it was an urge to touch the ground and dig his fingers into in bent down feeling Visser’s hand off his shoulder which he placed a hand on the dirt ground and dug his fingers into it shutting his eyes. He stiffened as an image of a Hyperon shaking its head looking confused walking in a corridor that looked familiar flashed in his mind. He continued to eye the Hyperon keeping the hand on the ground checking for the area recognizing it as one of the corridors leading to the large cavernous room where the cracked egg was on a platform and figured that the Hyperon was heading towards the room and figured from its behavior that it was newly made hence its head shaking. He jerked open his eyes along with yanking his hand off the ground and stood up abruptly while feeling hands grabbing his shoulders forcing him to a sit down position. 
Trian heard a familiar voice speaking sounding Wiser like to him behind him “Trian you saw a Hyperon in the caves. Where is it and where is it going?’
He spoke “Saw it in a corridor appearing to be going to the cavernous room where that cracked egg on the platform is. I saw judging by its behavior that it’s newly made and appears to be going to that room by instinct.” 
He heard from the Wiser behind him “Visser, you and the Malika stay here while I handle that Hyperon. I know what will destroy that thing and will handle doing the job.” 
He heard nothing more from the Wiser behind him frowned as he sat on the bed and felt hands off his shoulders he saw were belonged to Visser who resumed standing with arms folded. He frowned hearing a faint explosion sound along with rumbling vibrations felt twisted his form to look at the jagged doorway to see a Wiser dart by in a fast speed move appearing to be headed towards the caves which his nose smelled food and his stomach rumbled from the smell. Trian twisted his form till back was to the jagged doorway and saw a male Malika enter the room carrying a tray with dishware on it which he didn’t protest as the male handed him the tray and he placed it on his lap and felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink and once done sighed and handed the male back the tray who took it and went out of sight.   
Trian groaned once done and heard one of the doctors speaking “Visser, Trian can’t lie down after a certain time has passed for his body system to get the food digested. If he lies down he’ll throw it up so have him lean against you while he sleeps for he needs it.”
He felt Visser sit on the bed and pull him towards him which he didn’t resists shut his eyes passing out unconscious only to come to with a terrible urge to have the Hyperon side out obeyed to the feeling along with getting up growling and quickly started walking ignoring anything all around him only sensing something guiding him which he obeyed to the feeling eyes not registering anything till he sensed himself falling head forwards and feeling a feminine body despite thick clothes clinging to him all over along with suddenly feeling a hand grabbing his ankle holding him in place in the air. He didn’t feel any emotion continued to hang even when the female form removed herself from around him. He felt something like ropes and hands wrapped around him and felt his position change from head first upside down to right side up which he felt himself hoisted up. Trian felt ground on his feet along with another sense guiding him who he started walking and felt dirt thrown in his face blinding him temporary to feel himself fall to the ground going still with eyes closed and felt himself going unconscious. 

Trian woke up with a start finding himself still in the Malika cave lying in his bedroom alone along with an odd feeling hitting him with Hyperon side not in control. He sat up with a jerk rubbing his head and grimaced as a headache came to his mind along with an image of a male Human with all night sky eyes wearing shiny clothing and a sun colored crown come flashing in his mind. 
He heard a male voice sounding cruel as the image stopped “The High Council has programmed Visser and the Malika to kill Wisers after creating the Malika species. Visser has the ability to travel underground and with sensing anything all around him regardless of the distance by fist buried into the ground hence the Wisers not able to hide from him. Only you can stop the programming by the High Council. You must flaunt your Hyperon abilities to the Malika to keep yourself valuable worth being kept alive for Visser can’t detect the Hyperon regardless of where they are when he seeks Wisers or traveling underground seeking them. I have given you abilities to stop the Malika use them wisely for the Malika won’t hesitate to kill you.” 
Trian groaned as the headache stopped which he got up from the bed smelling food and went to it finding himself hungry enough to eat and drink took his time taking in the nourishment and then got up from the floor finding himself clad only in his pants. 
He put on his top and boots then swung aside the curtain to see a male Malika with a glare on his face that spoke “Visser wants you.”  
Trian jerked from a headache hitting him gave up a wailing sound while putting a hand on his forehead as the Malika he noticed bent down groaning hands on ears. He removed his hand shutting himself up and sensed something roaring within the back of his mind itching to take control and let it through to wave a hand mentally ordering the Malika to sleep finding his order obeyed and willed away the feeling. He walked towards the entrance to the cave taking his time and halted to squat putting a hand on the ground fingers digging into it eyes shut to sense Hyperon in a cave cracking out of their eggs and growing into Hyperon along with attacking the cave walls. He counted about thirty Hyperon and eggs combined as he got up opening his eyes and walked out of the hallway to the cave to face Visser with a sneer on his face along with Malika gathered around having glares on their faces. 
He frowned as Visser spoke “Enjoy the nourishment hmm? Well enjoy the poison included as well too.”
He widened his eyes as his senses blared abruptly only to hear from the crowned Human male sounding in his mind “That was a lie.” 
He didn’t comment in response only stared at Visser who added “Tell me what did Ramses say to you? I can sense him talking to you. If you don’t talk we’ll have the High Council send someone to tell us what was said.” 
Trian heard nothing more from the crowned male spoke “Then ask the High Council to send a messenger what Ramses said for I’m not saying it except to say you have a big problem.” 
He got from Visser “Oh yes we do have a big problem and its name is Trian.” 
Trian spoke “Wrong I sensed Hyperon a group of them hatching from their eggs and in some cave that appears to have entrance caved in. Wouldn’t be surprised if they bust through and cause you a problem.” 
He heard a growl from Visser and added “You can’t detect Hyperon, Visser like I can so I’m not a problem they are.” 
He glared at Visser who in response in a blurring speed brought a fist onto his forehead he finding himself knocked unconscious-
Nikolas heard Terror get interrupted by a loud Hmph sound appearing to be from Victor who he noticed was still wearing his helmet and seemed disgusted to him. 
He ignored Victor's noise and spoke towards Terror "Just keep on talking the story now."
Terror he ordered obeyed.

Dan sat on a large log with the Highlanders next to the camp fire called an eater among them. He copied them eating their foods on a stick. He sensed a presence behind him and looked with his antennas swishing to see a Banshee standing staring at him.  Dan turned around and continued eating. 
He heard a voice in his head speak in Summeran the Human language “I the Banshee is communicating by voice in your mind so don’t be alarmed.” 
Dan turned around facing the Banshee while sitting on the log speaking in the same language “I never got to thank you for helping me heals so thanks.” 
He heard the Banshee speak “You must go back to your past and help others.”
Dan’s face turned into a glare as an image of a Human man came to his mind’s eye. 
The Banshee spoke “They are trapped by their anger and must be freed from the emotion.” 
Dan snarled some sound and pulled the food towards him as he got an image of a stick end with food aimed towards his mouth. Dan closed his eyes and willed himself to calm as he looked at the food on a stick to see that the image was true. 
The Banshee continued “Anger makes one blind to seeing things. You must help them be freed of their anger for them to properly see.” 
Dan sigh some sound as the Banshee added “Have you watched the others’ behavior when they display anger?”
Dan frowned and he turned around eating his food, to watch the Highlanders sitting at the camp fire. He saw sitting on a log next to his, a male Highlander with long black hair tap a female Highlander’s shoulder that whirled around and slapped him on the face. The male got up and stomped towards one of the huts. He picked up a rock and threw it at a hut waving his arms in anger. Dan watched as a male Highlander with grey in his hair came out of the hut and went to the angry male grabbing his shoulders. The grey haired Highlander forced the black haired Highlander to a kneeling position and with his hands. Then the grey haired Highlander leaned his head next to the black haired male whispering words in his pointed ear. Dan watched as the black haired Highlander moved his mouth talking to the grey Highlander.  He saw the female who slapped the male Highlander get up throwing her stick with no foods on it into the eater and walk towards the two males. The grey one looked up as the female spoke words to them and then she leaned her black haired head next to the kneeling one speaking words in his ear while offering her right hand. The slapped male took it and then the female pulled him up to a standing position. The grey haired male Dan noticed spoke words to the pair and then he left them by going in his hut. 
Dan heard the Banshee speak “Did you notice their behavior Dan? Anger is an emotion that can be passed to person to person.”
Dan exhaled air as he continued eating. He got an image a memory in his minds’ eye of two Humans he recognized called James and Kenny, both males talking in a large airplane hanger like room with other Humans milling around. 
James spoke “Poor Dan, the One is very angry and is taking it out on him.” 
Kenny spoke “The fact of his anger must be that the Highlanders kidnapped his granddaughter and her husband. They won’t free the two despite him pleading.”
James spoke “Hence the One taking out his anger on Dan, ouch.” 
Kenny shook his short blonde haired head and spoke “I don’t get it why the Highlanders gave us those two bony people in chains to take care of.”
Kenny pointed which the view changed to show two figures with armor like skin bones protruding from it in chains attached to their wrists and ankle areas while standing in front of a wall. One of them sat down pulling legs together as the other stood. Dan shook his head as the memory faded frowning thinking of the contents. He wordlessly ate his food and once finished he tossed the stick into the eater and stood up to face the Banshee who looked at him with glowing golden eyes. 
Dan asked “What can I do to help them with their anger?”
The Banshee replied “You must remain calm at all times asking for things in a polite way. Do not let them get you angry no matter how they threaten you with their words. Come follow me towards the gate.” 
Dan wordlessly followed the Banshee through the forests to a large clearing with a round gate arch sitting in the middle of the clearing. 
The Banshee spoke “I will give you an image of a place in your mind. So please concentrate on it as you go through the gate.” 
Dan nodded his head as an image came to his mind’s eye. He focused on the image and then the gate flashed as he walked through it. 

Humans in the airplane hanger like room ran towards the open doors with guns drawn as a ball of lightening appeared and there was a bright flash of light as Dan walked through appearing from the doorway. 
One of the Humans Dan recognized to be James put away his gun and spoke “PX5 aka Dan is back. Alert the One about him.”
Dan looked to see several Humans running towards a direction and saw them pull a figure which Dan recognized to be a Drainer. The Humans pulled the Drainer away from the two chained bony figures. 
Dan stood watching as the Drainer yelled in Summeran in an angry tone “She’s in labor and needs to have her baby now!”
Dan felt a hand on his shoulder and looked to see Kenny standing towered over him with a frown on his face. 
He looked Kenny who said “A pity that John keeps seeing the two bony people as a male and a female Shadonian expecting and acting like she needs to have the baby.”
Dan asked “Permission to speak sir?”
Kenny stared at him with a frown and answered “Granted, what you want?”
Dan replied “I have an idea to help the Drainer be in a calm mood and not be so angry.” 
Kenny sigh exhaling air and said “Fine.” 
He added yelling “Bring John over here!”
Dan heard the Drainer yell as he was escorted by Humans holding his arms towards him “My name is Kaison and not John!”
Kenny spoke “A pity he hates his name John and prefers the name of Kaison.” 
Dan exhaled air and went to meet the Humans pulling the Drainer. 
He stood in front of John who towered over himself and calmly spoke “Could you kneel and close your eyes please?”
The Drainer he saw grumbled as he obeyed kneeling and closed his eyes. Dan felt a tap on his shoulder and looked to see a Human female he recognized called Janie point to a standing Human male’s back and made a rubbing gesture with her hands on the male’s back. 
Dan nodded his head Human style and spoke “Kaison, can I rub your back please?”
Kaison replied in a grumpy tone with his eyes closed “Do it but stop when I tell you.” 
Dan spoke “I get it, Kaison.” 
He put his hands on Kaison’s back and proceeded to rub the area. Dan watched Janie rub the back of the Human male copying her motions as he rubbed Kaison’s back. 
Dan heard Kaison exhale a breath and speak “That feels good I feel much better.” 

Dan stood in the office with two Humans besides him, facing a man with white hair who the Humans referred as the one sitting in a chair in front of the brown wooden desk. The room had windows on Dan’s left side that showed the sun shining brightly.   
The Human man had a name plate on his left chest of his black jacket that said “Alexei Zesky.”
Dan shifted staring at Alexei with his antennas swishing. 
He frown sensing anger coming from the man who spoke in an angry tone “You’re up to something PX5.”
Dan kept his mouth shut and willed himself to be calm as Alexei spoke again still angry “I don’t know how you did it but you got John or should I say Kaison to recognize that he was fooled by the bony people in thinking that they were Shadonians.” 
Dan kept his mouth shut as Alexei pulled out a device from a pocket and pressed a button on the device. A long flat screened monitor on the wall flicked on showing a scene on Dan’s right side. Dan grimaced inwardly recognizing the scene showing people in white standing in front of a large cylinder tube that appeared blue. He watched as one took a large hammer and swung it against the tube cracking it as blue liquid came gushing out. Dan watched as a green skinned female form was yanked out through an opening in the tube along with a familiar figure he recognized as himself. 
Dan looked at Alexei who continued speaking “You came out of that tube so cooperate or we’ll put you back in it. So answer this question, what are you up to PX5?”
Dan replied “Permission to speak sir?”
Alexei growled some sound and stood up and walked around the desk to face Dan while speaking in an angry tone “I know you well enough that your cooperating shows that you’re up to something.” 
Dan kept his mouth shut as Alexei continued speaking while folding his arms “So spill it PX5 or go in the tube.” 
Dan groaned inwardly and spoke “Just one question, why are you so angry?”
Dan saw Alexei’s hands grip the arms and looked to see his mouth turn into a firm line as his eyes narrowed. 
Alexei spoke in a loud voice “You fool I should put you in a tube for that question but I’ll tell you anyway.”
Alexei paused then spoke “Those Highlanders kidnapped my granddaughter and her husband. The fools refused to release them despite my begging to free them. They have me doing things which are against my beliefs all for freeing Elizabeth and Bruce whom those idiots refused to do.” 
Alexei lowered his arms, went to pace walking back and forth in front of Dan as he continued speaking “I’ve ordered things to be done that give people nightmares all for freeing those two, which those stinking Highlanders have refused to do it. I’m tempted to declare war on them for that but the Shadonia insist on peace.” 
Alexei paused from talking and then he stood to face Dan. 
He continued “I’ve complained about this kidnapping to many people including the Shadonia. They refused to help me free my granddaughter and her husband despite me asking them. I’m not happy with those Highlanders and those making me do things I despise.” 

Alexei paused from talking to glare at Dan and snarled out “Those Highlanders gave me the two bony people we refer as Bony to take care of. The Bony have refused to talk to us despite having a Drainer to translate.” 
He was interrupted when he heard his cell phone ringing and pulled out the device unfolding it from his pocket. 
Alexei spoke “yes, what do you want now?’
He heard the voice of Lieutenant Janie Conway speaking “Conway here, the Highlanders’ helicopter has been sighted. The direction appears to be heading towards the ship.”
Alexei growled out “Well give them clearance to land.”
He heard Conway speak “Will do.”
Then Alexei closed the phone. 
With a growl he spoke “You two come with me and bring PX5 towards the helicopter pad.” 
He stormed from the room followed by Dan and the two guards. The group reached the airplane hanger room and stood at the doorway entrance to see ahead of them a helicopter land. Alexei stood with arms folded as the blades stopped whipping and four figures in blue came out hauling a stretcher with a figure lying on it. Alexei walked forwards towards the Highlanders who walked forward with two pushing the stretcher on wheels. The group paused when Alexei met them followed by the two Humans and Dan. 
He stood with a glare and spoke “What do you want me to do now for freeing my granddaughter and her husband?”
One of the Highlanders spoke in a male voice “That tone isn’t tolerated and there’ll be no freeing today.” 
Alexei kept his cool by keeping his mouth shut but kept his arms folded still glaring at the speaker. 
The Highlander spoke gesturing towards the bed where a figure laid “A gift for you, Alexei. You will see to his health and his well being.”  
Alexei looked to see the figure was a male in white animal skin clothing with a pale white Human face, eyes closed, wearing a grey crown on top of his long black haired head. He frowned seeing clasped in the crowned man’s right hand was a torch cauldron staff with fire weakly blowing. The Highlanders turned and walked towards the helicopter leaving the figure lying on the bed. 
Alexei spoke “Haul the stretcher inside and alert medical. There’s a patient for them and have them put him through tests.” 
The two Humans standing besides him went to the stretcher and pushed it inside the airplane hanger room with Alexei and Dan following. The group went inside and Alexei stiffened hearing yelling coming from one of the Bony people who was visibly waving clawed hands shouting in a foreign language.
Alexei heard the Drainer standing at his side speaks “Says the man lying there is the Cold Lord, ruler of the snow, King Winter the one responsible for bringing the Humans and their land United States to Shadan.”
Alexei spoke “Kaison, ask them where they got this knowledge from.” 
He heard the Drainer speak foreign language and frowned as the Bony spoke in foreign language which Kaison spoke “Says King Winter arrived on Wiser Island and admitted the deed. A word of warning, anyone who touches his crown regardless of hand covering will find themselves compelled to wear it becoming the Cold Lord. Believe me I have a mark on my left wrist that is the same as the mark on his left wrist that shows I was King Winter myself for I touched his crown and wore it.”
Alexei looked at the King Winter lying asleep on the stretcher bed as one of the Humans took the sleeping man’s left hand and pulled the sleeve holding up the arm. He frowned seeing a large black marked x on the man’s pale white wrist and sighed. 
Alexei spoke “Leave him here and alert the others to avoid touching his crown. Tell medical to take a sample of his blood for testing and tell me the results.”

Alexei stood with arms folded staring at King Winter as the doctor a Human female named Samantha examined the Cold Lord. He saw her injected the Cold Lord’s left arm with a needle attached to a round cylinder. Red liquid filled up the cylinder and the doctor took it out of King Winter’s arm rubbing the area with a cloth then walked towards Alexei standing to the side. 
Samantha spoke “Alexei, judging by the looks of his physical appearance, he looks like he’s starving from lack of not eating. I checked his teeth and I suspect that he’s a blood drinker for their same as Kaison’s.” 
Alexei frowned and spoke “Get that sample tested and confirm that then see about getting him awake to drink.”
Samantha nodded her head and spoke “Will do.” 
He stood as she jogged off and frowned staring at King Winter lying asleep on the bed. 

Alexei frowned as Samantha returned hauling a cart with a large waist height beer jug with red liquid in it. He kept his mouth shut as he heard Samantha order King Winter restrained and saw two men grab the Cold Lord’s arms. He frowned some more as he saw her pull up a tube and stuck it underneath King Winter’s nose who jerked his eyes open showing them brown with a glare in them. 
He saw Samantha thrust the tube into King Winter’s open snapping mouth while speaking “Here suck on this please. Its blood which will give you the nourishment you need.”
Alexei kept frowning as King Winter clamped his mouth shut and saw the red liquid thrust out of the jug into the tube going into the Cold Lord’s mouth in a fast slurping motion. He watched King Winter who slurped the beer jug’s contents in a fast motion till there wasn’t a drop left then spit out the tube. 
He heard Samantha order King Winter freed as she held up a cup near the Cold Lord’s face and spoke “Put the healer in here.”
He watched as King Winter licked his left hand rubbing it on the inside of the cup leaving a thick white milky like substance then grabbed Samantha by the neck with his hand. 
He heard her speak “Yes I hear you and get it your words, King Winter.” 
Alexei walked to stand next to Samantha who noticed him with her eyes continued speaking he listening to the conversation one sided between Samantha and King Winter. Alexei sighed as he sat alone in his office frowning with the sun shining through the windows. He stiffened as a figure materialized in front of his desk. The figure he saw had scaly black clothing with a barrel shaped head cover mask that showed no outlines or details of the face or head. He stared at the figure who with Human like hands took off the head cover mask. Alexei gasped in shock when he saw a Human face surrounded by short red orange hair with golden eyes that he recognized as Andrew Kossman’s face bare of a mustache and a beard. 
The figure spoke with a voice he recognized stiffening further was of Andrew Kossman “You know me as Andrew Kossman and I know you as Alexei Zesky. My kind is called Zeskaya after being freed by the water ship of the same name. I see your one of us in hiding. I go by the name Kossman.” 
He stared at Kossman with confusion that held up a hand towards him and he continued speaking “Take my hand and I will show you in your mind’s eye answers to your questions about me and my people.” 
Alexei cautiously reached out a hand gripping Kossman’s hand and gasped as his eyes sight clouded up showing a scene. The scene he saw was numerous Zeskayas in male and female forms wearing identical clothing as Kossman with like masks over their faces in a large cave attacking the walls with their swords. Some of them he saw were fighting each other with swords and fists. The cave shook shaking violently as Zeskayas stumbled falling towards the ground as water burst like a dam through a crack in a wall that became a large hole as a large white object appeared busting through the hole. The object Alexei recognized was part of a cruise ship which reverted sliding backwards leaving water pouring into the cave as it left the opening. The view changed to show peering through the hole was the massive cruise ship Alexei saw was the missing Zeskaya sliding down backwards which stopped as it hit the Ocean floor spilling up clouds of dirt that floated in the water. Then the scene continued showing a Zeskaya’s eyes sight while swimming with other Zeskayas out of the hole down towards the ship to one of the outer decks entering a doorway walking a maze of hallways and stairs till reaching a stairwell and walking down it. The Zeskayas reaching the last set of stairs at the bottom stopped at a door in the wall with a monitor device next to it. The eyes sight showed the Zeskaya with two others entering a long hallway which he recognized as the cryogenic tube room and one of them pressing a hand on the lighted monitor which opened showing a tube revealing a man who Alexei recognized as Andrew Kossman lying there with eyes closed.  Then showed a second Zeskaya walked further into the room touching a monitor revealing a shattered tube with an axe inside it. The Zeskaya picked up the axe and walked to Andrew’s tube bringing down on the glass which shattered forming a large hole. The view showed a sword appearing from the point of view’s Zeskaya which reached in the large hole and grabbed a handful of Andrew’s hair on top of his head cutting it off with the sword. The scene changed to show a large room with empty vertical tubes jutting from the floor with wires attached to them in the ceiling which he recognized as the tubal life room. He could see a number of Zeskayas were standing around a tube where a figure was floating in it he recognized as Kossman with Andrew’s face, eyes closed wearing Zeskaya clothing and a sword in his left hand. Then view changed to show a Zeskaya’s point of view watching two Zeskayas riffling through the dressers besides a bed. One of them reached the last drawer yanking it open to pause from movement and yanked out a filled with the brim folder file running out of the room followed by a Zeskaya and the Zeskaya’s point of view running into a room that was a cafeteria where Kossman sat sitting in a chair facing the windows surrounded by Zeskayas.  
The file was tossed onto the table in front of Kossman who slowly opened it and held up the picture head shot of Eric with a nasty look on his face and teeth were bared while speaking words he understood “Its Eric the son I was talking about that I have in my mind.” 
The view changed to show a figure in black with a male form sitting behind a desk wearing a mask identical to the Zeskayas. The figure reached with gloved hands and took off the mask revealing his face. Alexei gasped of shock recognizing Eric with tubes leading to his nose from behind his ears to underneath his turtleneck shirt with a confused look on his face. 

Alexei felt his hand let go as pain in his sinuses arrived followed by blackness. He closed his eyes groaning softly putting a hand to his forehead then opened his eyes seeing clear eyes sight as the pain went away. 
He lowered his hand to stare at Kossman who spoke “We have the ability to travel to other worlds from entering doorways where there are others of my kind living in secret waiting for the day to walk out openly. The world where I came from is called by the name Terrania where your son Eric is ruler holding the title Sun Lord.”
Alexei widen his eyes of shock at Kossman’s words and groaned softly as the Zeskaya continued speaking “You saw Eric has tubes in his nose which I’m aware of is a breathing device that helps him control his angry rages helping him live a normal life. He is aware of me and my kind along with the images I gave you which I gave Eric. I can give him a message from you if you like.” 
Alexei spoke “I think that’s a good idea.” 
He got up from the desk and went to the file drawers sitting in the wall behind the desk and opened a drawer pulling out a thick black cloth covered book with a zipper. 
With a sigh he went back to the desk and held up the book while speaking “See that my son receives this. Let him know that it’s from me and that my message is I’m sorry you weren’t told.”
Kossman he saw placed the head cover mask back on his head and took the book then faded disappearing from his eyes sight followed by the door to his office opening and there was a flash of light seen which the door slammed closed. Alexei frowned staring at the door to his office and went to the window staring out at the scenery. Then he went to his desk and pulled open a drawer and took out a TV remote. He walked around his desk and went to stand in front of the desk staring at the wall where a large flat screen TV monitor was stuck in it. He pressed a button on the remote as the TV screen came to life showing blueness. He pressed buttons on the remote as words appeared on the screen in a list form with dates of months, days and years. 
He pressed a button flicking through each date that was highlighted then came upon a date his eyes read “December 21, 1977.”
He pressed a button and the screen blinked showing images while hearing sounds come from the TV. Alexei stared at the image of a woman with black hair lay naked screaming while in a bed with her abdomen swollen with child. He saw his younger self wearing the same outfit he was wearing come onto the screen to grip the woman by her left arm that stopped her screaming to pant.
His younger self spoke “Anya, it’ll be over soon. The doctor says the birth is imminent.” 
Anya he saw on the TV grabbed his younger self by the color and yelled “I’m not carrying another child by you!”
Alexei stared at his younger self who replied “You won’t have to, I’ll see to it.” 
Anya bent forward letting go of his younger self and grabbed her legs while giving off grunting noises. 
Alexei watched as a male figure he recognized as the medical doctor in medical scrubs came into the screen and put gloved hands between her legs as his younger self spoke repeating words “Push Anya.”
He stared at the screen as he heard a baby’s wailing like noise and saw the medical doctor held up a baby with clawed hands and golden eyes towards the camera view. 
The medical doctor spoke “The baby is a boy.” 
Alexei in the TV spoke “Call him Eric.” 
Anya laid herself on the bed as the medical doctor placed the baby on her stomach. 
He watched as an angry look came to her face as she lifted the baby and pushed him to his younger self who gripped him while speaking with an angry tone “Take this thing away from me, I don’t want anything to do with it.” 
Alexei sighed as his younger self protested “The baby is yours to take care of Anya-“
She interrupted still with an angry tone “No its not. I refused to have anything to do with its care.”
He watched as she turned to her side turning her back to his younger self holding the baby with his arm walk out of the camera view. The screen flicked turning back to the dates. 
Alexei pressed buttons while reading the dates and pressed a date which read “December 21, 1978.” 
The screen flicked showing a naked one year old boy child, Eric, Alexei saw with recognition lying on a bed wearing mittens on his hands crying away as two figures his mind told him were nurses wearing medical scrubs injected needles with tubes attached, into his skin. Then one of the nurses turned Eric to his side and held up his left arm baring his armpit as another nurse holding a long object metal like rod object with wires at one end and a symbol at another end. The symbol Alexei recognized was shaped in the letter Z. The nurse pressed the letter rod on the skin of Eric’s left armpit that gave out a wailing like noise then removed it as a red outline of a Z mark was seen. The mark turned the color of Eric’s skin leaving a letter Z shaped white scar. Then the nurse holding Eric’s arm turned him to his other side and held up his right arm as the nurse again pressed the letter rod on the skin of Eric’s right armpit. Eric on the screen at the moment screamed which Alexei watching the scene grimace hearing the noise and saw again a red outline of a Z mark which turned to the color of Eric’s skin leaving a letter Z white scar. The nurse holding Eric turned him to lie on his back as he continued to wail crying away as the other nurse holding the letter rod walked out of the camera view. The screen blinked turning back to the date list.  
Alexei pressed buttons on the remote as a date was highlighted which his eyes read “December 21, 1979.” 
He pressed the remote’s button as the TV flicked showing a new scene which he saw was a two year old boy, Eric, lying in a bed asleep as nurses injected needles into his skin. Eric, he saw didn’t stir but kept on slumbering as the nurses finished their injecting him. Alexei watched as his younger self with a sad look on his face came in view to lay a hand on Eric’s black haired head gently rubbing as a younger version of Andrew Kossman called Kossman with his face bare of a mustache and a beard walked into the view. 
Kossman on screen spoke “Are you sure about this, Alexei?”
Alexei on screen spoke “I’m sure of this. He must not know along with my family that I fathered him. He’s yours to be responsible of.” 
Kossman on screen spoke “I’ll see to this and it’ll be done.” 
Kossman walked out of the camera view as the screen blinked back to the dates. Alexei stared at the screen and pressed buttons with the remote as the list changed dates to years. He stopped as his eyes read the highlighted year “2002.”
With the press of buttons the screen blinked showing dates of months, days and the year. He kept pressing the remote till a date appeared highlighted which he read “December 21, 2002.”  
The screen blinked showing a camera view moving as someone was holding it walking down a stairwell. The camera holder stopped at the end of the stairwell to a door with a console in the wall where a hand with black sleeve touched the console. The door slid open as the camera holder walked into a room Alexei watching recognized as the cryogenic tube room. The view stopped at a beeping monitor in the wall and the hand came in view to press a button on the console next to the monitor. The monitor jutted forwards revealing a large tube and the camera pointed down showing a figure lying inside. Alexei stiffened seeing on screen, Eric full grown adult wearing white pants, a grey tank top and black gloves on his fisted hands lying inside the tube with eyes closed. The camera view changed moving forward doing a close up of Eric’s face which showed an angry look. 
Alexei frowned as the camera view turned around and his face with a sad look appeared in view speaking words “Today’s December 21, 2002. Eric, my son, turns twenty five years old today. I’m sad that I can’t share that occasion with him. He has uncontrollable rages of anger which makes him lash out acting animalistic hurting people in his path. I tried everything to help him control his rages and nothing has worked. As a last resort to keep people and himself safe I had him knocked out and placed in the tube where he will lie till the day comes when there’s a way for him to control his rages or perhaps cure him of them is found. Poor Brianna, she was very upset about this and was begging me not to put him in while he was carried asleep to the cryogenic tube room. I’m even sadder knowing that Eric may never know me as his father or even acknowledge me of this.”
The screen blinked showing the list of dates as Alexei stood staring at the monitor with a frown on his face. He pressed a button and the TV screen went black as he shut it off. With a groan he went to his desk and pulled open a drawer and placed the remote inside as he heard a knock on his office door. 
Alexei spoke “Come in, it’s open.” 
He frowned as the door opened showing a woman wearing a green military uniform walked into the room. 
He recognized the woman as Lieutenant Janie Conway who stopped walking to stand and she spoke “Sir we’ve been trying to call you on your cell phone to report the Highlander’s helicopter has been sighted heading towards the ship requesting to land.”
Alexei pulled out his cell phone from his pocket on his jacket and unfolded the device pressing a button. The cell phone whined some sound as he pressed buttons and pulled the device next to his ear. 
He heard the voice of the communications officer Leland speak “Sir, it’s about time. We’ve been trying to call your cell phone with news of the Highlander’s helicopter being sighted heading towards the ship. They have radioed a request to land. Shall I give them clearance?”
He spoke “Give them clearance and have Kaison be there to translate if it’s needed. I’ll be coming to meet them.”
He heard Leland speak “Aye sir.” 
Then he disconnected the call and folded his phone putting it back in his jacket pocket. With a frown he walked out of his office followed by Conway walking a maze of stairs and hallways till he reached the large airplane hanger like room with the doors open letting in the air. Kaison he saw stood with front facing towards outside with arms folded as he walked up to the Drainer. 
Alexei spoke out loud “Well let’s see what the Highlanders want this time.”
He and Kaison including four officers walked towards the landing pad where a helicopter came from the sky landing on it. The blades stopped moving as two Highlanders came out hauling a stretcher with a figure lying on it. Alexei stiffened seeing a bare faced Zeskaya with a male form with tan skin and short black hair lying on the stretcher as the Highlanders pushed it towards him and group. He paused from walking to bend down groaning loudly closing his eyes as a headache arrived to his head followed by an image of a door smashing open with smoke pouring out in his mind’s eye.
He heard Kaison speak “I’ll bring the one inside while you get the patient to medical.” 
Groaning loudly he felt hands on his shoulders and sensed the hands turning him around pushing him. 
Alexei groaned as the headache pounded harder in his head and felt himself falling as hands on him grabbed him followed by a voice yelling “Get him to Medical now!” 
Everything went black- 
Once again Terror was interrupted by boos and hisses, Nikolas heard from the offsprings sounding their displeasure. 
He glared at the offsprings in response to hear one speak "Why does Alexei have to disappear anyway?"
Nikolas heard the word disappear was speak for death as he shifted to glare at Terror who without a word towards his look continued on telling the story.

Trian woke up feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes with a start. He found himself lying on a bed that was smoother and not lumpy of the Malika's beds. He looked to find a Human male leaning over him with creepy black Human like eyes and black short hair while wearing shiny silver and black metallic clothing. 
Trian eyed the male warily who spoke "About time you got up."
He grimaced from the hypnotic tone from the male's voice making him feel pleasant from hearing it. Trian gave the male a glare and rolled over onto his side back to him and shut his eyes. He felt the familiar hand on his shoulder shaking him ignored it.
Trian heard from the male again "The High Council wants you up and awake. What they order, you obey so do it now, Trian as you're called."
He spoke loudly in response "Leave me alone to sleep creepy eyes."
He heard from the male "What did you call me, Trian?"
Trian felt his mood become bad within him killing off his sleeping mood. He woke up and sat up with a fast move to glare at the male who gave him a glare in response.
Trian spoke "I called you creepy eyes for your eyes are creepy-"
He got a roar from the male who flared an inhuman golden eyed look while having fanged teeth and an extended jaw having two sharp points jutting from it. He saw clawed hands looking bony and sharp enough to scratch as the male's eyes narrowed glaring at him.
Trian spoke "Damn, you're creepy and you proved that."
He laid down shutting his eyes only to feel himself lifted up with such force and thrown to hit the wall. He felt himself pinned to the area unable to move as the male advanced towards him with clawed hands flexing. 
Trian felt his mind scanned unexpectedly which he mentally yelled "Get out of my mind you stinker now!"
He got another roar from the male sounding loud to him as he felt the mind scanning quit. 
He stiffened as he thought "Ooh can mind scan like a Highlander. Who the depths is this creepy guy anyway?"
Trian eyed the male warily to find a light show followed by a male with short blonde hair and wearing clothes that reminded him of something he couldn't place, while holding a cane in his right hand appearing into sight. 
He frowned as the appearing male grabbed creepy eyes he figured he'll call him by the neck and heard him speaking "Will that status away now, Mindbender."
Trian found creepy eyes obeyed to find himself no longer pinned to the wall as he landed onto the floor onto his feet with a thump. 
He glared at creepy eyes as he spoke "Creepy eyes is your name I'll call you from now on."
He got another roar from creepy eyes who struggled to free himself from the blonde male's hold around his neck meeting failure to do it. He smirked to eye the blonde male as if drawn to find the male's brown eyes had turned golden with a glaring stare aimed at him. 
The glaring stare made him uncomfortable which he spoke "His eyes are creepy anyway. So is that creepy look he displayed you had him will aside. Besides he can mind scan like a Highlander. I felt him mind scanning me and kicked him out."
Trian clamped his mouth shut as the blonde spoke "The name is Barry and I'm a part of a Humanoid species dubbed Builder. Which is speak for compelling ordering people to do things via voice tones spoken in a language. I already tried out my voice talent onto you. You're not immune to it anyway judging by Mindbender you call creepy eyes, having a hissy fit on your nasty attitude towards him."
He exhaled a breath groaning softly as Barry released creepy eyes he figured he'll refer as Mindbender. He saw Mindbender tower over Barry with a height that reminded him of Drainers. Trian eyed Mindbender warily to find Barry thrusting the side end of his cane onto Mindbender's head via the back who groaned loudly. He eyed Barry who formed a glare and then disappeared in a light show after speaking gibberish, he finding himself understanding the words unexpectedly. 
Trian spoke firmly "Mindbender, is that your actual name or a name the High Council named you?"
He frowned to get Mindbender giving him a glare before hearing from the male "Mindbender isn't my actual name. And no I'm not going to tell you what my actual name is. Figure it out yourself, Trian. You should be figuring out how to function around here without my help anyway."
Trian spoke "Mindbender, well that name is better than blind man."
He heard a growl from Mindbender to get from the male jabbing a finger in a direction "Get your seat out of this room now. I'll show you where you're to get nourishment since you're still clueless of anything around here."
Trian kept his mouth shut in response walked up towards Mindbender to halt once the top of his head reached the male's chin making him look up. He found himself not afraid as Mindbender's growl was heard softly rumbling through the male. 
Trian spoke firmly "I'm not afraid of you, Mindbender, no matter how creepy you are to me."
He got from Mindbender "That's it, Trian! Get your seat out of this room now!"
He obeyed to find the room's entrance to walk out finding the door opening for him showing a white hallway with multiple doors in both sides of the wall. He didn't protest as Mindbender grabbed his arm and pulled him to a set of double swinging doors he finding some lounge room from the looks of it. He spotted Listeners gathered in a group at one end of the bar. He saw a pair of Highlanders of male and female seated together on stools that looked in his direction before staring at each other while cocking their heads.
Trian figured to himself "Damn, the Highlanders are still mentally chatting with each other. Wonder when they'll out grow that ability anyway?"
He heard nothing in response to that question as Mindbender pulled him further into the room to spot a Shadonian, a male standing next to blinking screens showing images while holding a golden cup in hand. Trian frowned as Mindbender pulled him to a stool and thrust him to sit onto it. 
He heard "Bartender, this is Trian who's newly into the service of the High Council-"
Trian interrupted "I resent that."
Mindbender he eyed continued talking ignoring him "Just give Trian something to drink and give me Vodka while you're at it."
Trian looked away to stare at the Listener bartender who formed a narrowed eyed glare with his all black eyes and refused to budge from staring at Mindbender he saw. 
He sighed softly as Mindbender spoke "Spill it, Bartender, on what orders the High Council said I'm to take as nourishment this time now!"
Trian shifted to glare at the Listener who spoke in gibberish in response he finding himself understanding "You're sounding like you're upset again, Mindbender."
He rolled his eyes and adjusted his position to turn his back towards the Bartender as he heard another of Mindbender's rumbling growls sounding again. He eyed the blinking screens to see scenes of night skies to him. Trian heard Mindbender and the Bartender get into an argument on Mindbender himself being upset who was denying it despite the Listener kept saying he sounded like it. He heard the argument become more heated twisted his form to face the Bartender and gave out a loud roaring nonsense noise. 
Trian got Mindbender and the Bartender glaring at him he saw. 
He spoke with sarcasm "Cut the ridiculousness and give me something to drink now. I'm thirsty from listening to your frivolous argument."
Trian glared at Mindbender as he heard another rumbling low growling noise from the male who's hands fisted while giving him a glare. 
He spoke loudly sounding firm "I'm not afraid of you, Mindbender. So take your best shot. Believe me you'll be kissing the floor if you laid a hand onto me."
He got up from the stool as Mindbender raised a hand fisted and stepped back before twisting to throw the fist aimed at his face. Trian felt his Hyperon side activated within him giving him strong strength which he caught Mindbender's fisted hand with a grab. He held onto the fist with his hand tightening over it in a tight crunching move. He saw Mindbender grimace by the mouth who swung another fist aimed at him. Trian again caught it and with great strength from his Hyperon side activating tossed Mindbender aside who landed onto a soft chair on his back. 
He resumed sitting down as Mindbender got up and snarled loudly "Trian, who the depths is you and your abilities really?"
Trian spoke loudly "I know that Mindbender isn't your actual name so spill it now. I'll tell you what you want to know in return."
He glared at Mindbender who gave up an Hmph sound before going to the stool next to him to sit. 
He eyed Mindbender who snarled again "Bartender, just give me anything to drink. I don't give a screw what it is as long as I get something to drink. Don't scold me on being upset again. I'm sick of arguing with you on that."
Trian gave up an Hmph in response as he felt a hand gag him onto the throat yanking him off the stool. He found Barry was the hand's owner despite his Hyperon side refusing to take control from the gagging. 
He gagged "Barry, what did I do this time?"
Trian got from Barry speaking gibberish he hearing involving dumping him into the ocean. He felt himself freed to find himself floating in the air with night vision in his eyesight. He looked around as he fell to see the ocean down below him heard him blare the Hyperon's death call to his shock. Trian stiffened as he fell onto a hard floor with thump to roll onto his back to find a foot pressing onto his front on his chest. He found the foot's owner was Mindbender who smirked making him annoyed.
Trian spoke as Mindbender bent down "What Annoyov trick did you do onto me, Mindbender aka Creepy Eyes I should really call you that?"
He felt Mindbender's foot pressing down onto his chest harder making him add "Your so Annoyov, Creepy Eyes."
Trian glared at Mindbender who spoke still smirking "I see you're in no position to bargain, Trian. Considering I got you trapped by my foot onto you, and you haven't done anything to free yourself yet."
He glared and without a word punched Mindbender's foot ignoring his ankle and leg as he kept on pounding it. 
He found his punching refused to get Mindbender to remove his foot who added "Pathetic, Trian. I ought to call you, hmm, something else than Trian since you keep on insulting me with that creepy eyed remark."
Trian folded his arms right over Mindbender's foot and glared at Mindbender who straightened up his form folding his arms and looked away to form a grimace on his face. 
He found Mindbender removing his foot and heard "Screw it, Barry."
Trian sat up in a fast move to find Barry in the vicinity giving him a golden eyed glare aimed at Mindbender which he got up in a fast move. 
He glared at Mindbender who he heard "You didn't tell Trian that no one sits in that stool but me."
Trian eyed Mindbender with a glare to see the male look in his direction with a grimace before hearing Mindbender's rumbling growl sounded again. He saw Mindbender look at him with a glaring stare of accusation in his eyes and eyes narrowed aimed at him. 
Trian spoke firmly while noticing Barry giving him a glare with eyes golden "Alright! Creepy Eyes woke me up from a sleeping status. I saw his eyes were creepy hence I dubbing him that."
He glared at Barry who spoke gibberish he hearing "Trian will speak what insult name he was insulted with and the reason for it now."
He found himself blurting to his shock "Treehead, I was insulted by that word whenever I went around as a blind man. It was appearing to refer to my hair I wasn't taking a good care of it. I was just pulling my hair back into a messy tail. I kept that up till someone threw me into a school for blind Humans and taught me how to do it. I do know how to function blindly around here but seeing via my eyesight? I need work on that."
Trian clamped his mouth shut in response feeling himself annoyed with what he said as he glared at Barry. 
He heard "Treehead? What kind of insulting word is that anyway? I don't see anything treed about you."
Trian glared at Mindbender the speaker who added noticing his glare "Tom was my original name. I only let a female I valued call me by that name and no one else. She's disappeared as the High Council say for the dead at the moment. I'm still hurting from her passing away despite thinking she would live forever with me."
He spoke "Well fine I'll call you Mindbender as you like, Tom."
He got a roar from Tom he assumed he'll refer him who snarled "The name is Mindbender and don't forget it, Treehead!"
Trian glared at Tom and spoke sarcasm "Whatever, Tom."
He looked away to stare at Barry to hear Tom's rumbling growl become louder. 
He heard from Tom "Barry, you're going to let this fool call me by this inappropriate name of Tom? Ugh!"
Trian eyed Barry to find the male was smirking making his senses blare warning unexpectedly. He shifted to eye Tom who had a hand covering his mouth with eyes glaring at the Builder. 
He eyed Tom who flared his creepy jaw and clawed hand look with golden eyes and saw the male raised a clawed hand towards Barry.
He heard from Barry speaking in a fast rush in Builder chatter "Tom, you will, will aside that Berserker look you're displaying now."
He eyed Tom who obeyed to find the male giving off another growling noise while rubbing his short hair running fingers through it miserably. He saw Tom's hair appeared to be bunched in small curls from the looks of it. 
Trian shifted to stare at Barry who kept that smirk to find the Builder speaking "Talk Tom on why you're more interested in the name of Mindbender, despite its not your original name."
Trian exhaled a breath to frown while staring at Tom who he heard "I'm still hurting from the fact that my only purpose to live is destroyed. I was told repeatedly via sources that she wasn't going to live very long. It's despite I keep on saying she'll live forever like I would only to have that trashed repeatedly. Don't scold me on that use of Mindbender name. I only got the High Council to look forwards to having a purpose to live."
Trian gave up an Hmph sound getting Tom looking at him with a glare. 
He willed forwards his Hyperon side to get from Barry "Interesting."
Trian ignored Barry to wave his reed clawed hand towards Tom before willing aside the ability and spoke "I'm part Hyperon hence my hands' appendages."
He shifted to look at Barry who gave him a glare with eyes golden making him gulp followed by speaking "My mother is a Drainer named Tia. My father is a part of some off planet species named Surrai. My father took my mother appearing to be insane off Shadan to some other planetary world where he's from. I highly doubt it that I would be hearing any communications from them. Besides the Drainers when my father expressed wishes to take my mother told him that they wanted me to stay with them. Some deal it turned out to be, because I'm back serving the High Council something I whined to the Drainers about in the first place. I didn't intend to serve the High Council at all."
He gulped again to hear Tom's rumbling like growl sounded again to eye Tom in response. He found Tom had arms folded with his eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him. 
Trian spoke "Spill it, Tom on what you're implying now!"
He got from Tom "Screw you on not knowing how good it is to serve the High Council-"
He interrupted "Good?! You got to be kidding me, Tom-"
Trian was interrupted by Tom snarling "Serving the High Council is the best thing you'll find in your life-"
He interrupted "You don't get it how manipulative the High Council is regarding you suffering bad things in your life just to serve that group in question-"
Tom he glared at interrupted "Bad things? What bad things are you talking about? It's just for your own good to know what's it like to suffer-"
Trian interrupted "Your own good?! Are you out of your freaking mind?!"
He found himself into a verbal argument with Tom arguing on who the High Council were. He finding himself getting angrier hearing Tom make the High Council seem good people who helped people rebuttal his argument on seeing them as bad people. 
He found himself shouting "The High Council, don't care about you but themselves!"
Trian found himself restrained by Anubis the gonoid head guard with a Human like male body having clawed hands onto his arms. He found himself in the High Council's throne room with the group seated in chairs finding their speakers gone from their positions. He glared at the High Council with a look of accusation in his eyes. Trian saw a masked Highlander standing in front of the group at the top of steps wearing clothes twin to Tom's and had a male form with long black hair. 
He kept the glare as the masked Highlander raised his head and spoke "Says what do you have to say about your insulting remark, Trian, about us not caring about anything but ourselves you insulted us with?"
Trian found the Highlander lowered his head. 
He spoke while eyeing a High Council member in the facial area "Why do I have a memory of you ordering some female to play hurt in some eater trap to catch me?"
He glared at the High Council member in response to hear "Says that doesn't answer our question. Answer it now or we'll have the Meritanians toss you into the ocean which we know can kill you."
Trian formed a thin line with his mouth and shook his head in a Human no gesture keeping his mouth shut. He heard a familiar growling noise in response to find Tom standing next to him after a light show. He glared at Tom in response to find the male form some pleading expression on his face before looking at the High Council ignoring him staring. 
Trian glared at a High Council member in response to speak "You manipulated me too much to suffer pain hence I speaking my insulting words."
He clamped his mouth shut in response to hear from the Highlander "Says see about contacting a Highlander based group on the State Territory Mainland and have Mindbender dumped onto them."
Trian stiffened as he heard "I will serve you with undivided loyalties."
He exhaled a breath hearing Tom's voice speaking the words and sounding of pleading to him. It made him disgusted to form that expression on his face while giving the High Council a narrowed eyed glare.
He heard mentally blaring in his mind unexpectedly "Your job, Trian, is to get Mindbender to trash us, anyway you can. You heard and saw Mindbender. He's fueled by desperation towards us to do anything we say and including desperate to remain serving us. That's something we're not expecting from servants. We're expecting servants to have your attitude actually."
Trian kept his mind blank in response hearing the familiar Highlander's male voice blaring in his mind. He felt his mind scanning sense quit to his relief. 
Trian eyed the High Council to get from the Highlander speaker loudly "Says we rescind order regarding Mindbender."
He kept the glare as the speaker spoke "Says anyhow Mindbender you're to show Trian where he's to go around here. He needs to see where he's to go despite going around as some blind fool."
Trian kept his mouth shut in response to the insulting remark of fool as the speaker continued speaking "Ramses, transport, Mindbender and Trian to the drinking room now."
Trian felt himself freed from Anubis's hold to find himself into the drinking room as it's called to hear Listener roaring noises. 
He heard gibberish from Tom found himself translating "Cut the hissy fit Listeners. The High Council ordered us both to here via Meritanians' transportation."
Trian kept his mouth shut in response to lean against the bar ignoring Barry's stool he recalled from memory was seated next to the Highlander pair. He gave the Bartender a glare to find Tom copying him with the leaning and glare. Trian kept his mouth shut as the Bartender ignored his glare prepared drinks from machines into golden cups. He found himself handed a cup as Tom was the same. He sipped his drink finding it from the taste was milk and tasted good.
Trian recalled himself as the blind man "I was told to sip my drinks. No gulping no matter how thirsty I was."
He forced himself to take his time sipping the drink finding the Bartender giving him a glare with some Listener look of disgust on the face. 
Trian spoke firmly knowing what the Listener was indicating, after pausing from sipping "I went around as a blind man with some gonoid acting as my eyes while serving the High Council." 
He gave the Listener a glare who shrugged a Human gesture and walked towards his companions at the end of the bar. He ignored their chatter to tune it out while again sipping his drink seemingly lengthy. 
Trian thought as he eyed Tom out of the corners' of his eyes pausing from sipping "This is going to take awhile for getting Tom to change his attitude. Hmph, I'll follow that order anyway. I don't have anything to do except simply follow that stinking order by the High Council. Anyway I'll do what it takes to get Tom to trash the High Council period. It's an oath I aim to keep."
Trian looked away and held up the cup in a salute gesture and then continued on sipping the drink hearing nothing in response to his thoughts-
"Boo!" interrupted Terror making Nikolas annoyed to hear as he glared at the speaker Victor who gave up the boo sound again.
Nikolas glared at Victor who spoke in response through his helmet covering his head "Terror didn't answer the question of what happened to Alexei. Don't tell me it's a disappearance."
Nikolas spoke loudly "Terror, just tell the story and ignore Victor and his rudeness."
He heard a sound of disgust from one of the Hayu suspiciously sounded like Dictator who he noticed was glaring at Victor with his arms folded his sword out in his hand. He found Terror ignoring Dictator's glare instead spoke the story.

Alexei jerked his eyes open with a gasp to discover he was lying on a bed still in his clothes in an outpatient room. He sat up and heard a yowling sound and felt movement near his legs. He looked to see the medical cat recorder sitting on its hunches meowing loudly. The door to the room opened and Samantha the medical doctor walked inside with a frown on her face as she closed the door behind her. 
Alexei moved his legs off the bed as Samantha protested “No, you need your rest for that fainting spell you had.” 
He narrowed his eyes and spoke “Samantha I’m fine.” 
Samantha he saw stared at him and blurted “You’re not human.” 
He ignored the outburst and stood up from the bed as Samantha continued speaking “I had you tested, you’re a match as the same species as the patient the Highlanders recently brought in.” 
He folded his arms giving Samantha a glare while speaking “I know that and I expect Doctor and Patient confidentially.”
Samantha he saw opened her mouth and closed it as she gaped at him while staring with a frown on her face. 
He lowered his arms and walked to stand in front of her as he spoke “The time will come when I’ll chose to reveal this but not now. You’ll see that the information in the recorder is erased. Now tell me where is the patient kept in?”  
Samantha spoke “In outpatient room twenty one.”
He bared his teeth at her with a glare on his face and left the room slamming the door. Alexei walked down the hallway reaching the door marked the desired number and opened it walking inside. He saw the nurse with a white skunk streak in her long black hair standing in front of the monitors near the bed with a clipboard in her hands where the Zeskaya was lying asleep. The nurse turned to look at him as he walked into the room. 
He spoke as the Zeskaya moved his head and arms shaking “Take the recorder and leave now.” 
The nurse went to the bed bending down as the medical cat recorder jumped on her shoulder and straightened up walking by him closing the door with a gentle slam. He went to the moving Zeskaya and placed a palm on his forehead. The Zeskaya, Alexei saw, jerked opening his eyes grabbing his hand off his head followed by thrusting a sword from his left sleeve pointing the point at his throat with an angry look on his face. Alexei spoke “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever.” 
Alexei saw the Zeskaya’s golden Human eyes widen as he released his hold on his hand and thrust the sword back into his sleeve. 
The Zeskaya spoke “Sun Lord.” 
Alexei spoke as he folded his arms “Yes, the prophecy of me fathering a son has prophesied as said by the High Council’s seer.” 
The Zeskaya nodded his head as he continued speaking “There’s a world called Terrania where my son is ruler using the title Sun Lord. He’s aware of your species, called Zeskaya including me fathering him but not his species heritage. See that the others bring him to me where I will let him know of this.”
The Zeskaya swung his legs off the bed and stood up as Alexei watched him, pull out a rolled cloth from his waist and unrolled the cloth revealing a barrel shaped head cover mask. He stood watching as the Zeskaya put on the mask and walked towards the open door to the bathroom disappearing in a flash of light once walking under the door frame.  Alexei sighed and then went to the doorway opening it. 
He frowned seeing the nurse who came in the room and as he left he heard her speak “Where did the patient go?”
Alexei responded “Travels like Kurt.” 
He left the room walking out walking a maze of hallways and stairwells to his office where he stood with hands clasped behind him staring out the window. 
He sighed as memories of his life as a Zeskaya filled his mind and mumbled to himself “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever.” 
Alexei frowned as he saw out of the corners of his eyes flashes of light followed by the door to the office slamming closed. He turned and looked to see two Zeskaya remove their hands off the shoulders a figure in black with a male form dressed in all black clothing with a Zeskaya head cover mask on his head. He stared at the figure that slowly reached with gloved hands and took off the mask revealing a face he recognized as Eric wearing a breathing tube in his nose who stared at him with a range of emotions displayed. Alexei slowly walked forwards towards Eric who walked towards him while holding the head cover mask in his hands. He reached Eric, both men equal in height, and placed a hand on his son’s left shoulder as his other hand, palm touched his forehead. 
Eric, Alexei saw jerked his head up shutting his eyes as he spoke “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever.”  
He removed his hand from Eric’s forehead and placed it on his son’s right shoulder staring at him as Eric opened his eyes with his face forming a glare. 
Alexei spoke “It’s good to see you again, Eric, remember your people’s mission.” 
Eric nodded his head as he lowered his hands from touching his son’s shoulders. 
He continued speaking “See that he is returned to his world now.” 
He watched as Eric placed the head cover mask back on his head and then turned around towards the door. One of the Zeskaya opened it as Eric walked to stand in front of the doorway. He watched as the Zeskaya placed hands on Eric’s shoulders and then the walked through the doorway disappearing in flashes of light. 
Alexei frowned as he heard two feminine voices speaking in his mind “I’m Erra, I’m Terra.”
He mentally spoke “Meritanians, mind walking sentient plant life forms.”
He heard a female voice speak “Your right, this is Erra. About those Highlanders having your granddaughter and her husband, well they captured a third person when they were kidnapping those two.” 
He grumbled hearing the words as another female voice spoke “This is Terra, the female in question is named Sue Ulian. I believe she’s a friend of Lisha’s. She told Lisha about Bruce shooting Kurt who is not remorseful. They’ve been arguing on that subject Lisha insisting that Bruce didn’t kill Kurt but knocked him out as in darting him while Sue has been insisting that Bruce killed Kurt by shooting him. The Highlanders are planning another visit to acquire about Kurt and his demise. I believe you have it on tape.”
He sighed and went to his desk drawer yanking it open showing an enclosed DVD labeled “Eric kills Kurt.”
He exhaled a breath as he took the DVD out and heard his phone ringing which he took out and spoke “Yes?”
He heard the voice of Leland his communications officer speaking “The Highlanders’ helicopter have been sighted and their headed this way appearing to land without permission.”
Alexei shut the phone off and groaned loudly. He put away the phone and walked out of his office towards the airplane hanger room while walking a maze of hallways and stairwells. He reached the room to see Kaison standing in the doorway with arms folded back to outside with his lips in a line appearing to be annoyed. He went to the doorway and peered to see a still helicopter sitting with two Highlanders standing in front of it with blank looks on their faces. 
Alexei groaned out loud “Kaison come with me.”
He heard Kaison give off a growl as the Drainer followed him to the Highlanders. 
He reaching them frowned as one spoke in a monotone accent “You have what we want.” 
He tossed the DVD to a Highlander who caught it with a hand and frown as another spoke “Not today.” 
He shook his head of disgust and walked away while hearing the helicopter behind him roar its noise. He kept walking as the wind from the blades whipped his short white hair around. Sighing he entered the airplane hanger room with groan and frowned seeing Dan leaning on a mop handle with a dreamy look on his face. 
He barked “Dan! I didn’t give you the job to daydream!”
Alexei narrowed his eyes in a glare as Dan shook his head and began swabbing the floor with his mop while dumping part of it in a bucket then swabbed the floor again. 
He spoke “Kaison keep Dan working will you.”
He heard Kaison growl from behind him as he left the airplane hangar to his quarters walking a maze of stairwells and hallways. He went to his bedroom to his bed and lied on it eyes staring at the ceiling with a frown on his face. He sighed and closed his eyes falling asleep- 
Nikolas heard Terror cut himself off while giving off a loud Hmph sound. He shifted to glare at Terror finding the male was looking elsewhere with a glare. He looked to find Edenia in her war appearance standing nearby with arms folded a glare on her face. 
Nikolas groaned and spoke "Edenia, something we could do for you?"
He frowned while eyeing Edenia who blared voice in his mind "Its sleep mode time for the offsprings to sleep now!"
Groaning sounded among the Hayu as he shifted to glare at the offsprings finding several Hayu getting up and taking an offspring's arm and pulling them away from the campfire appearing to be going to the huts scattered in the clearing. Nikolas placed a hand onto Terror's shoulder restraining him to sit next to him. He waited ignoring Terror's glare as all the Hayu offsprings were safety in huts with their caretakers.
Nikolas spoke towards Terror while noticing Edenia was gone from sight "So tell me about yourself Terror."
He got from Terror in response giving off a Human sound of disgust as he noticed Victor leaning against the log with helmet next to him and appeared to be sitting on the ground in some sleepy position. 
Nikolas spoke again "What? Edenia insists that the offsprings go to sleep earlier than I do-"
He was interrupted by Terror speaking "You don't sleep Nikolas."
Nikolas got Terror removing his hand and giving him a glare who added "You've been observed sitting on the ground back to a tree staring at the sky for too much time."
Nikolas spoke "I deny what you're speaking about Terror. Pardon Me."
He made a movement to get up only to get Terror getting up in a fast blurring speed and blocking him from getting up with hands on his shoulders. 
Nikolas glared at Terror while speaking "Prove your words Terror of me not sleeping."
He got Terror in response placing a hand onto his forehead as he saw clearly in his mind of an eyesight point of view with golden vision showing himself seated back to a tree out of sight of the huts and appeared to be awake staring at the sky and moving around. 
Nikolas gave up a sound of disgust and removed Terror's hand which Terror spoke "I'm the All Seeing One. I see all around Edenia. Don't think your secret of not sleeping won't be found out. I can see you awake when you're supposedly be sleeping."
Nikolas gave Terror a glare and without a word got up snarling "So what? I don't want to sleep! I always wake up like a lunatic thinking I'm someone else instead of who I am! Nikolas leader of the Hayu-"
He was interrupted by a fist connecting with his face making him fly backwards hitting the ground groaning. Nikolas groaned shaking sleepiness from his head as he eyed the fist's owner belonging to Victor. He shook sleepiness as Victor appeared to have eavesdropped onto him and Terror proceeded to fist him onto the forehead he found himself surrendering the sleepiness and the dreams. Nikolas dreamed himself as Talon, son of Aiden and Maria, full grown disguised as a Human from the looks of him, stood among the Humans. He yanked his braid of his long black hair off his shoulder onto his back. He paused from his walk to see a young woman in her early twenties with brown hair pulled back in a bun wearing a military green uniform walking by not noticing him. She he saw was pulling a large red suitcase by a long handle with her right hand behind her as she walked on the sidewalk besides the busy street. A large navy handbag was held by her left hand with a clinking sound. 
He stared at the woman with a frown and followed her yelling out repeatedly “Ma’am!” 
The woman he saw to his annoyance ignored his yelling. His blue eyes turned all black of anger as he snarled some sound. He shook his head grimacing as his eyes returned to normal Human blue eyes. Talon ran up and touched her shoulder in a grip with his black leather clad gloved hand. The woman gasped halting her walk to spin around facing him.
He spoke as he let go of her shoulder “Ma’am, I called you several times but you ignored me.” 
The woman dropped her suitcase and thrust him her bag which he gripped in confusion. He watched as she pulled out a small boxy device from her breast pocket with wires that led to ear pieces in her ears. 
The woman fiddled with the device and spoke “There now I can hear you.”
Talon stared at her as he handled back her bag which the woman continued speaking “I can’t hear a thing without this hearing aid pack turned on. I’m sorry I ignored you but I have a hearing disability. I turned it off due to the construction noise down the street.”
Talon frowned as the woman stared at him with her green eyes with no recognition in her face as she added “Is there something I can do for you for a fellow officer of the military?”
He frowned at the reference to his military uniform which was the same as hers, green pants, a long sleeve green jacket like top and black ankle length boots. 
Talon thought to self “You must be a new recruit, for you don’t recognize me or know my authority.” 
He spoke as her eyes settled on his lips “I like to know your name if I can court you.” 
Talon stared at the woman whose lips turned into a frown then she spoke “The name is Elizabeth Madison called Snake. I mostly read lips for me to understand people. I like to know who you are before I give out my address.” 
Talon spoke “Jason Alexei called Hawk.” 
Elizabeth spoke “I live on twelve Belfast Street in the only pink house on the street. You can’t miss the house with the color.”
Talon forced a smile on his lips as he spoke “Elizabeth, I’ll give you time to settle your things before I come courting.” 
Elizabeth nodded her head as she spoke “I’ll see you again, Jason.”
He watched as Elizabeth picked up her suitcase by the long handle and turned away from him pulling the suitcase behind her. His eyes turned all black as his smile left with a glare of anger on his face. Then he shook his head as his eyes turned back to blue. Talon snarled some sound and turned around slowly walking further down the street into the crowd of people wearing military uniforms walking fast around him. 
He felt a part of him thrust to the side as a blonde haired woman pushed him rudely speaking “Move it, this is no place for slow walkers.” 
Talon narrowed his eyes recognizing her as a new recruit who walked down the sidewalk in a fast pace like the others. 
He thought to himself “We’ll meet again, and you both will pay.” 
Talon slow walked on the sidewalk with his eyes narrowed as he stared at the people walking. They gave him a wide berth with recognition on their faces as some of them placed one of their hands on their foreheads in a salute while walking by him. 
He walked till he sensed his second in command Commander Lopez Ramos with short black hair and tan skin like his walking besides him in a slow pace. 
Talon spoke “The newest recruits, who they are? I want the information.”
He heard Ramos speak “General Talon, I’ll see that you get the files in your possession as soon as possible.” 
Talon spoke “Good, go get the information, dismissed.” 
He frown seeing Ramos jog across the street and saw him go to a blue house with a wrap around porch and a red door. He growled to himself as he stopped and waited till there was a break in the traffic and walked across the street. He reached the other side going up the steps of the house to see his two guards brought one of their hands to their foreheads in a salute as he walked by them entering the house. Inside the house was Ramos sitting at a desk typing keys onto a computer. 
Talon stared at Ramos who spoke without looking up “I’m bringing up the files on the recruits for you to look over.” 
He folded his arms frowning as Ramos stopped his typing to place a hand on the mouse a computer device clicking a button on it then the Commander added “Done, take a look.” 
Talon went to the desk as Ramos got up and pulled back the chair. He sat down and looked at the contents of the screen then put a hand on the mouse as Ramos went to stand in front of the desk with hands behind his back. 
Talon spoke “Two female recruits didn’t recognize me which seemed to me they disobeyed the directive order I gave out to all recruits.”
He heard Ramos speak “May I remind you that the ritual is tonight? We have yet to find two candidates for your requirements.” 
Talon growled as a picture of the female recruit who pushed him appeared on the screen with an address along with words which said “Tiffany Anna called Jackal.”
He spoke “We’ll use the two recruits for the ritual.”
He paused to pull a slip of paper from a pad and wrote words which he held it up to Ramos who took the paper. 
Talon continued speaking “The information on their names and place of stay is on there. Use whatever method to get them to the altar spot even if it means knocking them out if they give you trouble. I must have two there and those recruits will have to do. You know what will happen if I don’t do the ritual.” 
Ramos spoke “Your animalistic side will take over putting you out of control making you less Human than you are.” 
Talon spoke “Yes I know of that don’t remind me. Get those recruits to the altar spot before the time arrives. I’ll meet you there once I prepare myself to do what I need to do with those two recruits, dismissed.” 
Ramos placed a hand on his forehead then turned and left the house gently closing the door. Talon groaned placing a gloved hand on his forehead as his eyes turned all black. He shut his eyes breathing hard through his mouth as the feeling left him and he opened his eyes showing blue eyes. Groaning Talon got up from the desk and walked around the corner to the kitchen unit. He pulled open the refrigerator and pulled out a black wine bottle which he uncapped. Talon sighed as he brought the bottle’s opening to his mouth and gulped the alcoholic beverage. Then he capped the bottle and placed it back in the refrigerator with a sigh. He passed by the refrigerator and stood in front of the door that led to the lower part of the house. Groaning Talon unlocked the door and opened it walking into the darkness. Night vision came to his eyes as he closed the door behind him locking it with a chain then walked down the steps. The basement he saw was cluttered with stuff on the walls with one wall bare of items. He walked to the bare wall and yanked off his gloves putting them in the pockets of his pants. He held up his hands that were clawed with reptile like skin and placed them on the wall. Talon removed his hands and heard a humming like sound as the wall slid open like a door showing a long concreted corridor with glow lamps on the walls lighting the way. He grabbed his head groaning while stumbling into the corridor as the door slid closed behind him. He leaned his back against the wall shaking his head of the wooziness and felt the feeling again. 
Talon spoke “No, I will not surrender to this. I refused to throw my life away because of this.” 
He straightened up and walked down the corridor which led to a low ceiling room with another door in the wall. There was a dresser in the room with a chair and on a hook was a black hooded robe. Groaning he took off his shoes and clothes putting them in the dresser and undid his braid releasing his long black hair which he combed with his fingers. Talon went to the robe on the hook taking it to settling it on his body. He sighed and went to the door opening it which led to a cave corridor. Talon walked into the cave corridor after closing the door. His eyes blinked of dim light that shined in the corridor as he reached a large cave where light shined from an opening that led to outside. There was a large mattress on the floor with blankets besides it and there was a large glow lamp in the wall that shined illuminating the cave. Talon groaned as he went to the armchair next to the cave entrance and sat waiting. 
He spoke “When will this curse end?”
The sun disappeared beyond the horizon as Talon got up and left the cave in the darkness. He reached three large man sized stones put together as a table and saw two figures lying on top of it. He stared at the two naked females, one of them Tiffany who was lying unconscious with her hands and feet tied. Next to her was Elizabeth looking around confusion in the darkness with her hands and feet tied. Talon roared as his eyes turned all black. He charged at the two women grabbing Tiffany from the table and placed a hand on her chest making her neck swollen. He opened his mouth as two teeth got longer forming fangs and brought his mouth to her neck biting her. Talon sucked the blood from Tiffany’s neck till he felt himself full and proceeded to lick her neck closing the puncture marks. With a glare he dropped her onto the ground and went to the table grabbing Elizabeth by the neck who gasped. He hauled her off the table and brought her into the cave which her eyes widened seeing him in the cave light. 
He heard her speak “Jason.”
Talon yanked off the ropes bounding Elizabeth from her wrists and ankles with a hand and tossed her onto the mattress. 
He pulled apart the robe from his body as she spoke again “I know what you are and why you’re doing this.” 
Naked he growled walking towards the mattress as Elizabeth spoke again “Don’t worry everything will be fine, I’ll see to it.” 
He laid himself on Elizabeth’s body as her hands went to his shoulders pulling him towards her with her legs wrapping around his waist. Talon with a hand guided his sensitive part inside her as his other hand went underneath her back clawing the mattress. Once inside Elizabeth he brought his hand to join the one underneath her back and jerked thrusting through a barrier from within her. He heard her hiss a breath and began thrusting his sensitive part in and out of her as she met his rhythm. His chin rubbed her forehead as he closed his eyes while feeling her hands digging into his shoulders. Talon roared as he spilled himself inside Elizabeth while feeling her shake from the sex.  He felt Elizabeth’s legs tighten around his waist as her hands went on the back of the neck locking him in place. Talon groaned as he shut his eyes while as the familiar feeling arrived from inside him. 
He heard her speak “Don’t fight the beast let it come for the feeling will pass.” 
He obeyed opening his eyes which turned golden color while staring at the mattress above her head as the familiar feeling raged throughout him. He snapped his fanged teeth and flexed his clawed hands underneath her back clawing the mattress and he roared loudly. Then he jerked as a headache arrived and shut his eyes then opened his eyes as the headache went away. Talon groaned and felt her let go of him as he pulled himself out of her and lay on the mattress besides her. He felt the familiar feeling leave him as his eyes turned to blue color.  
He panted gulping air as he lay and heard Elizabeth’s voice speak with a compelling voice “Go to sleep, General Talon. You’ll feel better once you sleep this off.” 
Talon’s eyes drifted closed as he fell asleep. Talon jerked his eyes open with a gasp as he sat up. He shook his head of the cobwebs and looked around the room. Two round windows shined letting in sunlight as an open armoire sat in the corner next to one of them with a TV and devices in it. There was a door in the wall facing him next to the armoire along with another door in another wall on his left. Besides the door in the wall facing him were two armchairs with a table sitting in the middle and there was a lamp sitting on it.  He frowned seeing he was sitting in a hospital bed with a tube attached to a needle imbedded in his right arm held in place by a bandage. His eyes saw blackness in the tube which he followed led to a large boxy humming machine that had wheel objects on it rotating in a circular fast motion with the tube in them. He saw at the edge of the boxy machine near the floor attached to it was a faucet that leaked black liquid into an open coffee pot like container filling it. He heard a cat’s meow and felt pressure and looked to see a calico cat sitting on its haunches on his legs, green eyes staring at him. Talon groaned as the cat gave a stretching motion with its form before sitting on its side curling up in a ball as if asleep. He felt a wave of sleepiness arrive and shook his head groaning loudly. He lay down on the bed and closed his eyes falling asleep. Talon woke up opening his eyes in the darkness of the room. He frowned in confusion and sensed the familiar contents of his bedroom and the bed he was lying in while wearing his military uniform and ankle length boots. He rubbed a clawed hand on his head and sensed his hair was pulled back in a neat braid. He forced himself up from the bed and stumbled towards a doorway that led to the bathroom which he kneeled in front of the open toilet and threw up the contents of his stomach. Once done he flushed the contents away, washed his hands in the sink, dried his hands with a towel and walked to his bed. Groaning he sat on the bed pulling his gloves from his pockets and put them on then laid down pulling the blankets over him and closed his eyes. He grimaced hearing knocking on his bedroom door and groaned opening his eyes. Talon got up from the bed and walked to the bedroom door opening it. He stared at Ramos by the light shining from the open shade windows behind him who had a concern look on his face. 
Ramos spoke “Sorry to wake you, General, but I’m acting on the hospital’s orders.”
Talon stared at Ramos with a shocked expression on his face. 
Ramos continued speaking “I had you sent to the Zesky Asylum Hospital for tests. One of the new recruits told me of the Hospital specializing in Human like species, Hybrids and other alien life forms.”
Talon frowned staring at Ramos who paused then added “The hospital ordered me to see that your up and awake after a certain time period which has passed. They gave me a list of liquid only drinks you can feed on for nourishment to help control your animalistic nature. The list is on your refrigerator along with the drinks stocked inside.”
Talon heard a cat’s meow sound and looked down to see the familiar calico cat sitting by his booted feet on its haunches staring at him with its green eyes. 
He heard Ramos speak “The cat’s name is Missa and she’s yours. I left instructions of her feeding posted on the cupboard along with cat food cans inside. There’s a book on cat care on the desk if you have questions on her care.”
He stared at Missa who stared back at him eyes unblinking.

Nikolas saw the dream changed to show Talon walked in the city with Ramos besides him. He saw a woman in all black clothing in a wheelchair struggling to move it by pulling on her wheels. He walked towards her breaking in a run with Ramos as he heard metal giving away from above him. The woman’s wheelchair tipped backwards as he reached her throwing his form over her. Talon heard loud gun blasts and felt a shower of dirt falling on him with him covering the woman. 
He spoke as she rubbed his face with her hand “This is no place for you.” 
The woman spoke “I know, take me out of here.” 
Talon picked her up lifting her out of the wheelchair as he saw Ramos standing at this side. 
He spoke “Ramos take the wheelchair and get a cab out of here.” 
Ramos he saw nodded his head before grabbing the woman’s wheelchair and followed him carrying the woman to the streets where cabs were driving by. Talon sat in the cab van with the woman in his lap. He stiffened as she pulled his face towards hers and placed her lips on his lips kissing him. He felt something like a dam burst followed by currents of pleasure and was kissing her back as one of his gloved hands was rubbing her back. 
Talon arrived at the house with the woman is knocked out by another General who says “Human Generals, not freaks.” 
Talon woke up in apartment in the city he found the woman. He went to hospital with stealth stole blood packets finding nothing to indicate him caught. He went to his apartment home to find Annukai inside pointing their guns aimed at him. 
He frowned as one of the Annukai spoke in Basic "The packets you stole. Return them now!"
Talon didn't say a word in response handed the packets as the Annukai faded from view only to feel a feeling of pain hitting the back of his head. He grunted and hit the floor groaning. His fridge he got up from shaking his head of the pain had half a jug of milk left which he gulped part of it. He slept in bed for days till the hungry feeling bothers him and left apartment to the city. He was grabbed from behind by hands and drainer fed off. The beast in him takes control and he attacked the drainer as a globe forms over drainer. Drainer knocked him out after he attempts to drainer feed. 

In the castle Ivan, studied Talon with recognition on his face, he recognized as Aiden's offspring with a female hybrid named Maria. He frowned finding Aiden didn't appear to recognize his son from the looks of him. He saw the Skyans were hungrily staring at the male. He recalled his glove off one hand able to be yanked off which he did. Ivan showed his hand after taking off a white glove is the same as Talon.
Alex spoke "Just nurse this hybrid Human back to health now. I recognize the smell of him as a Skyan Human hybrid."
Ivan spoke loudly "Do what he says now!"
He found Aiden and Torrin grabbing the hybrid Human and following Tiffana out of the throne room he figured was going to the medical bay for testing. 
He didn't have long to wait as Torrin came back speaking "The hybrid is more Human but his nourishment is more on the substance of essence like we feed on. Except one little detail is that the Meritanians transported him out once we were done testing him."
He heard growls from the Skyans as he felt his mind scanned mentally spoke in response "Ramses get out."
Ivan heard in response "It's Tank. The High Council ordered this Talon dubbed Nikolas by them transported to them for service work. I suspect they'll make him become an assassin doing their dirty work."
He gave up a sound of disgust hearing silence in the room finding Tank quit scanning him to notice Alex looking at him with a glare. Ivan spoke Tank's comment firmly while glaring at the Skyans. 
He found the Skyans giving off sounds of disgust to him loudly as he heard from Alex "Hmph!"
Ivan didn't say a word in response instead focused onto the Skyans that started chattering among each other and appeared to be nervous from the stormy weather outside hence they inside the throne room. He grunted an annoyed sound hearing thunder and lightening flashing loudly booming overhead the castle's room he was in. Ivan didn't say a word in response instead kept his mouth shut while eavesdropping onto the Skyans' talk as darkness arrived to the scene and he woke up groaning with a pain in his head. He found himself lying in a hut with a blanket on top of him. He shook the dizziness from his head as he felt confusion hitting him as to who he was not coming to his mind. He figured his name was Nikolas found images spilling into his mind in some scattered method all over the place after he shut his eyes. He grunted to feel a hand shaking his shoulder in an insisting move keeping him from sleeping further. He jerked open his eyes to glare at the hand's owner he recognized was belonged to Dictator despite unsure of how he recognized him, that squatted and gave him a glare of accusation.
He spoke in a groaning tone "What do you want now, Dictator? Leave me alone to sleep."
He rolled over only to get Dictator yanking him onto his back with force and got from the male snarling "Just get up and attend to your hygiene and eat something while you're at it! You've slept long enough for a Hayu to sleep after awhile without sleeping!"
Groaning he glared at Dictator and without a word got up and walked out of the hut followed by the male. He ignored Dictator going to another hut where a female wearing a blue dress was seated at the campfire busy sewing something in her hand. He sighed recognizing Brianna that ignored Dictator going into the bushes with his sword out. Groaning he recalled Dictator's talk involving hygiene was bathing in the lake nearby and expelling waste in the bushes then waiting for the Hayu hunters to get food from their hunting. He went to the lake and stripped himself of his clothes finding that they were furry gonoid skins instead of smooth to his confusion. He went to the lake and stared at himself via the surface he gulped finding his face was the same indicating him as a Hayu but his hair, was no longer straight dangly but had curly style in it in a long length style appearing to reach his waist. He recalled Terror as if compelled to eye the clothes sitting on the lake beach to pick them up examining them. He heard a loud ahem sound to find the noises' source was Victor standing next to him wearing his helmet with arms folded. He recalled that Victor seemed to have an ability to hide in plain sight and appear at will to anyone he cared to show himself. He dropped his clothes onto the ground and ignored Victor staring at him who with helmet on appeared to sniff his shoulder before jabbing a finger at the lake. He went to the lake's edge and dived into the water allowing the substance to clean him fully he swimming around. Once done swimming he got out feeling fed up with it and got thrust his clothes by Victor which he put on. He ignored Victor sensed staring at him to put them on and wrung his waist length hair into a twist twisting the water out. He eyed his hair finding the color wasn't entirely black but slightly brown to him. He ignored Victor to walk to the Hayu's campsite to resume seated onto a log finding none of the Hayu's offsprings were there. He looked around to spot the Hayu's offsprings were at a hut together with Brianna she appearing to be telling them a story from their undivided attention. He groaned softly and waited for the hunters to arrive with food his stomach rumbling of hunger as darkness arrived in a fast move followed by lightening flashing overhead. He frowned feeling the wind not blowing as always with such storms instead focused to look around finding Edenia standing with her war persona appearance and no one was around but him and her.
He gulped while staring at Edenia who spoke "Tell me your name now."
He spoke "I don't know my name."
He got an Hmph from Edenia followed by her holding up a hand and showing an image of a male standing he realized it was himself. He gulped as she gave him her familiar comment. 
He frowned finding nothing coming to mind on who he was really as he spoke "I don't remember who I am. All I remember being various people in my mind from what I've been seeing within me."
Edenia, he frowned gave him an all white eyed glare finding she was looking annoyed than angry. 
He heard from her loud voice blasting in his mind "What does the images in your mind tell you on who you are?!"
He frowned but shut his eyes to focus onto the images as seeing that they were an eyesight point of view to his shock. 
He frowned as he focused onto the images to hear a word spoken sounding like a name "Terror."
He frowned at the word to open his eyes and spoke "Terror sounds like my name to me."
He eyed Edenia who resumed blasting into his mind "Remember who you are now!"
He grunted bending down from the pain of a headache hitting his head to realize with a start that he was called Terror, the new Hayu who had an All Seeing One ability in his mind. Terror groaned from the realization as he straightened up his form while eyeing Edenia who faded from sight as the sunlight blared into his eyesight. He grunted to place an arm covering his eyes only to find himself standing while feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. Terror looked with annoyance finding a familiar Hayu he recognized as Nikolas clad in smooth white clothing with long straight black hair and golden Human eyes of a Hayu was the hand's owner. 
He frowned as Nikolas spoke "That's why I don't sleep. I forget myself and who I am after I wake up from sleeping a dream."
Terror frowned as Nikolas removed his hand and spoke "Come with me. You look like you could use nourishment."
He obeyed to follow Nikolas to the campfire to find the Hayu gathered around there with the offsprings in the middle of them surrounding the fire. Terror went to sit down on the log and realized what Nikolas meant for nourishment. Nikolas meant telling a story to Hayu offsprings as nourishment for the mind and not for the body while sleeping periods on orders of Edenia for body renewal strength. He followed Nikolas with Human appearance and marked by golden Human eyes, gathered around the campfire appearing to be lost in thought. One heard a twin snap of him snapping a twig via foot accidentally, looked up to find him in sight following Nikolas. He paused from walking staring at them back as Nikolas went to join them. 
One of the Hayu spoke "A new Hayu."
Terror found the Hayu's comment echoed among the other Hayu as he was stared at as he who without a word entered the clearing to sit on the log next to Nikolas. Nikolas, he sensed eyed him appearing to be studying him as the other Hayu were doing it themselves.
Nikolas spoke as Terror frowned "Name's Nikolas and I'm the leader of the Hayu species as we call ourselves living here in Edenia."
Terror spoke recalling his name "The name is Terror or Terran as you may call me if Terror isn't proper."
Nikolas and the Hayu didn't comment a response to his words, as he added "I'm told that I have stories within me to tell to you Hayu."
He saw the Hayu gave a head bob in response Human styled and eyed him who after a throat clearing noise was heard from Nikolas began speaking his tale they listening.

The End
