Hayu Tales: Point of Origin
Copyrighted Beth Hoyer 2013
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Part One: Humania
The hot gold sun shined high in the sky blaring on a desert brown field. A servant being a species called Humania whose name was Telviv stood resting. His tan brown skin glistened from water dripping from his black haired head. His eyes showed golden Human like eyes. He opened his mouth and blew out breath through fanged teeth as he panted from exhaustion. He scratched his pointed ears for he had been planting seeds all day on the Pharaoh's crop fields. The Pharaoh he remembered a youngling male when crowned took the name of Osiris after one of the kingdom's Gods. Telviv remembered that Osiris’ father who called himself Amen Ra had died some suns ago. The funeral was a procession in the city of Zimala where Telviv lived with his wife Ayah. Telviv remembered that day when Pharaoh Amen Ra died. 
He was on his way home to the city Zimala with the sun barely down the horizon with the other slaves when a messenger came and cried “The Pharaoh has disappeared!”
Telviv remembered that was their way of saying death claiming the Pharaoh. 
He also recalled crossing both arms and kneeling in the ground with the other slaves as they chanted an ancient chant of the dead “Ay Kabaiya.”
They remained till the sun disappeared from the horizon and arrived the next day. Then the funeral procession was carrying the pharaoh’s body covered in his royal robes of green and his head showed braided hair of age, was bare, in a circle around the city. Telviv stood and bowed with the others as the body went past. Following the body was Pharaoh’s oldest heir of two sons, of unknown name a youngling male who was barely a teen old. His face was in a frown as the royal servants carried a tent object over the youngling’s head followed by royal servants who were acting like mourners, bowing and kneeling with moans of wails. Then there was a black being with long face, four legs, a tail that swished and a sculpted back referred as a gonoid was led by another royal servant. On the gonoid was a platform with a box to contain the pharaoh’s heart. The gonoid neigh a cry as it was led through the city with Amen Ra’s body. Telviv remembered following the procession out of the city to one of the gates where they led to a towering triangle stone building called a Pyramid. It was where Telviv knew that was where the Pharaoh’s body would be placed to rest. He and the city people stood watching as a priest came with a head mask on his face. The mask had long ears and a jutting face of some gonoid that represented Anubis with a crown, their God of the dead. The priest spoke some words in an ancient language going around Amen Ra’s body in a circle while swinging some incense with smoke coming from it. Then the priest handed the youngling a ladle full of water and the heir sprayed it on the body of his father. Then another set of priests came and took dead Pharaoh Amen Ra’s body and carried it by stretcher into the Pyramid. Telviv and the others kneeled as they waited for the priests to come out. The priest with the Anubis mask took the box off the gonoid, walking as then bell like sounds rang. The priest slowly holding the box raised it above his head and walked into the entrance. Telviv kneeled waiting as the priests who carried the body into the Pyramid came out and then the people of Zimala got up from their positions. The priest with the Anubis mask came out and then all bowed to the youngling as if paying homage to him. Then the Anubis priest took the crown off his head and crowned the youngling Pharaoh. 
Then the youngling spoke his first words as Pharaoh his voice ranging for Telviv and the others to hear, “I am called Osiris, God, ruler of Zimala, and ruler of us all.” 
Then they stood up and bowed as royal servants came with a chair attached to sticks and lowered it to the ground. The new Pharaoh Osiris sat on the chair and then the servants raised it up. They proceeded to carry the new Pharaoh into the city with the Telviv and the other people following. The procession went up a hill to the palace at the top. There was a set of stairs leading to the first level of the palace. In front of the steps were a chair richly adorned and then the servants lowered Osiris down then he walked up the stairs to the chair where he sat down. 
The Zimalans kneeled and together spoke chanting “Ay Kabaiya.”

Telviv at the memory exhaled a breath. The sun was brutally hot all day. He felt like he was frying in an oven. Telviv used a long stick to make holes in the ground, and then he planted the seeds from a cloth bag and covered the holes with dirt shuffled from his foot. He sighed as he rubbed his arm on his forehead. His short black hair of his servant rank stuck to his head. It was beginning to be hot. The nearest shade was the Forbidden forest. Telviv shuddered about the stories of dark people called Shadonia living in the forest.  He had no shoes on his bare feet and was wearing short white pants. Soon he thought when the sun was high in the sky at its zenith, would be break time. As he continued to work, the sun raised high in the sky with the green moon called Edenia stood shining in the sky. Hot and tired he ventured into the shaded cover of the dark forbidden forest. Telviv heard tales of people venturing into the forest. Few have returned to tell the tale of what was in there. Telviv sat down in front of a tree and learned his back against it. He was meaning to stay awake but he felt so tired that he fell asleep. 

When Telviv woke up the sun was at the top of the sky. Telviv looked out and he could tell that the sun was darkening. Then he heard voices speaking faintly. Curious Telviv walked to the voices. Bushes and trees stood in his way. He walked around them. He saw light from green torches ahead as he came around a tree. Telviv saw the torches lit up a clearing in the forest. No one was in sight. A light from above shined a ray on the ground. There was a green smoke. A woman in servant clothes of Zimala, white hair and purple skin stood there. She was like Telviv himself, having pointed ears and all white eyes but different color skin and hair color. She was holding a gray bundle. Without warning black shadow shapes sprang up from the ground attacking her. She ran to the trees and Telviv saw her trip and fall in a bush. Then he saw her running through the clearing without the bundle. The bush was near Telviv stood hidden behind a tree. Telviv explored the bush and found a buddle which he picked up and slowly took his way through the forest to the edges of the fields. He heard growls behind him and looked behind him to see black shapes chasing him. 
Then he heard a scream "Aahhhh!"
Chilling him in his bones as he ran onto the field then there was silence. He got onto the field to see the sun appear again. The sun shined her glorious bringing rays of heat. The shadows that followed him disappeared. Telviv breathe a sigh of relief. He sat down in the middle of the field disturbing some buried seedlings while facing the forest. Checking the bundle he discovered it was a bunch of blankets tied around something with ropes. Telviv untied the ropes and pulled back the blankets. He was shocked to see a baby with skin color like himself and pointed ears with similar eyes. 
"Wah" said the baby. 
Checking the gender he saw it was a newborn female wearing a necklace around her neck. 
He thought, "This baby will answer my wife's wishes to have a child. At last our prayers are answered." 
A sound of a bell rang clanging. He tensed listening to the bell sounds. It was in code saying "Workers, report back immediately! Storm coming!"
Telviv picked up the bundle and jogged to the road. There he followed it towards the city. 

In the forest eyes watched him. Eyes of the same woman who dropped the bundle saw him go. 
A shadow appeared besides her, a Shadonian coming from the earth, came to her and spoke "Nefari did you drop something that Humanian stole?"
Nefari spoke "No, I dropped the bundle for I wanted him to have it." 
The Shadonian spoke "What was in the bundle?"
Nefari looked at him and spoke "How can I know? I was ordered to take it with me and give it to the first Humanian I saw!" 
She paused and spoke again "I was not allowed to see what was in the bundle." 
The Shadonian bowed and disappeared into the forest. 
Nefari thought "There's one thing I'm not telling him. In the bundle is my baby my daughter the future ruler of Edenia." 
Nefari spoke silently "Daughter I hope you can come back with the key of Osiris." 
Silently she walked into the dark forest. 

Telviv walked in the dirt road. The wind kept getting stronger and stronger at each step as the sand blew in his face as he clutched the bundle. His eyes were used to the sand as he staggered with the others to the gates of the city Zimala. He reached the gates of the city as the roaring wind blew dirt around him. He was joined by men, women and children all Humanian servants who were working in the fields.
He heard one mutter "Oh may the Gods be with us." 
Telviv echoed the mutterer. He wondered if the winds would blow the seeds out of the fields. The huge stone walls of the city Zimala loomed tall. The gates were stone and were open. Guards in shiny metals on their chests and skirts with golden sandals and helmeted heads ushered the workers in the city.
One said "Move it! A storm is coming! You lazy gonoids get undercover!" 
The guards quickly brought them inside. The stone gates rumbled into position closing the city from the storm as the last of the guards darted inside. 

In Zimala people were rushing around running. 
Telviv thought "They were in a hurry to get to their homes." 
He darted through the crowds to an alley. There he walked in the stone alley. Stone blocks stood dwarfing him on both sides. He passed by doorways. Some were open and some were closed. He entered a doorway to the apartments. The stone building was made out of stone carved out of a mountain rock. Telviv ran up two flights of stairs to their apartment. His wife wearing pants like him and had a sleeveless top covering her chest stood at the doorway as always waiting for him. Her hair was short like Telviv’s. Telviv smiled at her as she smiled back at him. 
His wife seeing the bundle frowned and yelled "Telviv get inside and drop that bundle!"
Telviv ran inside still clutching the bundle as Ayah closed the door behind him. She scolded him for not dropping the bundle. 
Telviv protested "But it has a valuable."
Ayah glared and then a quick motion she snatched it out of Telviv's hands. She turned her back to Telviv facing the door. Then she turned around with a curious look on her face. Telviv helped her undid the ropes and the blankets fell away revealing a baby. Ayah's face shone with joy when she saw the baby.  
"Oh Telviv" she spoke" Our very own Daughter."
Ayah asked "Telviv where did you find her?
Telviv answered "I found her in the forest but I wish I knew who that Shadonian lady was for she dropped the child." 
Ayah spoke "Telviv when people ask about her just say the Sun God Amen Ra gave her to us as a blessing." 
Telviv nodded and spoke "The child's name will be Tala, meaning found in Humanian, for she was found."

The storm and its howling winds of sand lasted for days. Telviv spent the storm worrying about Tala. 
He constantly bugged his wife Ayah with questions "What if they find out? What if the Shadonians come after us? What will happen to us?" 
Ayah did her best to calm him down with reassurances of "It’s alright. Don't worry. They won't find out. The Shadonians should leave us alone. The Pharaoh should protect us. For the Gods' sake stop worrying!"

The sun sometime came out and shined but barely through the storm. When at last the storm was over the city of Zimala, Telviv was in his apartment when he heard a knock on the door. He came and answered it. 
It was the Pharaoh's royal guard "The storm is over. You're requested to come and haul the sand out of the city." 
Saying this they grabbed Telviv and hauled him out of the apartment. 

There was a gang cleaning out sand blown from the storm in the city. People came out of their homes with buckets in hand and began to haul the knee-deep sand out of the city. Telviv spent hours with his back aching as he and the others would fill a bucket of sand and give it to the person next to them. The person would hand it to the next person in a line. The end of the line was when the person threw the sand into the Forbidden Forest. 
Soon the city was back to its original shape with no knee-deep sand in the streets. Telviv's back ached. He slowly walked to his home. On the way markets were open selling their wares while crying them out.
Then a city crier came on a white gonoid that had four legs, sculpted back and had black hair parted to the side yelling "Celebrate Pharaoh Osiris’ marriage to Isis!" 
Telviv heard him repeating that on gonoid back many times over and over. Telviv saw people immediately began to hang bolts of cloth from their balconies. Soon some started walking up the hillside of the mountain where the nobles' houses were and further beyond was the towns square where meetings took place. Telviv walked to his apartment and saw his wife. 
He spoke "The Pharaoh is getting married. We're to assemble to the town square immediately." 
He groaned and spoke "No rest for the weary". 
Ayah grabbed Tala and they left the apartment and followed the city's people to the town's square as the city people crowded into the towns square in front of a temple building. The building was like a Pyramid where Telviv and Ayah with Tala stood among the towns’ people. Several people congratulated them on Tala's arrival. 
"Congratulations" they spoke. 
Telviv told the same story over and over that Amen Ra the Sun God blessed them with a child. Inside Telviv felt sadness of telling that lie. He sighed as he repeated the story of finding Tala in the field from an apparition of Amen Ra. Then horns blew in front of the temple. They waited with the crowd in the town's square in front of the temple. The temple's spires stood tall as horns blew. The doors opened and coming out were the newlyweds couple the Pharaoh Osiris and his Queen Isis. Telviv could see that Isis was a young female around the Pharaoh’s age, dressed in a green dress. The crowd got to their knees and bowed their heads onto the ground bowing.

Then came the parade of guards which Telviv enjoyed, were walking in formations impressing others. Then the nobles paraded their gonoids and their slaves pass the temple on a dais sat the Pharaoh and his newly wife. Telviv noticed the Pharaoh's twin brother called by the name of Set stood behind them looking preoccupied for Telviv recalled he wasn’t at the funeral of his father. 

Telviv soon forgot about the Pharaoh's twin brother and paid homage to the pharaoh. Crowds of people stood in lines to offered gifts of food, and jewelry. Some offered their children to be blessed by the Pharaoh. Then it was Telviv's turn. He and his wife shyly held up Tala and the Pharaoh spoke a blessing in an ancient language. Both Telviv and Ayah kneeled as the Pharaoh Osiris took the baby and held up to the sun as to offer the Sun God Amen Ra while speaking in ancient language. 
He spoke "In my presence as Pharaoh I bless this child Tala in honor of Amen Ra. To the winds of North, South, East and West may they blow their blessings on this child, to the Gods may she grow and prosper in their teaching." 
Then he handed the baby Tala back to Telviv and Ayah. He made a sign over the three of them with his hand going in two directions. Then Telviv kissed the Pharaoh's feet and then got up with Ayah holding Tala. They backed into the crowd and stood with their friends. 

When the ceremonies were complete it was nightfall. The Pharaoh and his wife left the crowd going to the palace on the hill up above the crowd by chair litters. Then the people left for their homes. Telviv and his wife said good bye to their friends. 
Ayah asked her husband "What's wrong?" 
She noticed he was quiet. 
He answered "Today I could feel there were eyes on us." 
He paused and spoke "Eyes on our child Tala. I noticed the new queen had her eyes on Tala like she knew the truth." 
He looked at the sleeping Tala in a cocoon of the blankets in Ayah's arms. 
Ayah spoke "So? Maybe they noticed our new child believe that the Sun God gave her to us." 
Telviv was about to speak when black shadows formed around them. 
Telviv yelled "Shadonians! Sound the alar-"
As a hand clapped over his mouth and then two pairs of hands grabbed his arms and knocked him on the ground. Ayah ran screaming her cries. She could hear growls behind her. 
She ran crying out "Leave me and my child alone!"
As they chased her, Ayah ran pounding on the doors that were locked. The Shadonians were gaining on her as she ran. Darting into an old temple the door suddenly slammed shut trapping her. She panted straining her ears for sounds. Noises of growling were heard. 
She shivered then was spooked when a voice spoke "Ayah your husband has disappeared, but you'll join him unless you give what we want."
Ayah asked "And what is that?"
Red torches glowed showing the temple room. There were Shadonians around her with their glistening purple skin. Their all white eyes glowed as their fanged teeth gnashed at her. Ayah shivered clutching Tala closer to her. The baby cried in distress. 
One of them spoke "We want Tala child of Mesen!" 
Then rumbling noises and the Temple shook from the rumbling. 
A loud voice spoke "Not if I stand here in your way." 
The temple's statue a bird gonoid with a long neck came alive and spoke "Who called this?" 
Then the door crashed open and windows were smashed the glass spraying on the floor. Ayah fell to the ground and clutching Tala as she cried. The Shadonians quickly darted out but they were met with arrows and spears weapons that killed them. 
The statue spoke "Osiris! The child was killed awhile ago. You may have won."
Laughter as the statue crumpled to the ground in pieces. Then the building started to fall crumbling to the ground. Someone picked up Tala and another grabbed an unconscious Telviv and Ayah as the temple fell. The building crumpled to the ground. The young Pharaoh stood watching a safe distance away. His wife Isis holding Tala joined him. 
The Pharaoh spoke "Lucky you sensed this disturbance Isis."
Isis replied while holding the child "Of course Mesen doesn't know me very well. Having him cause trouble in the city is not very good at all.” 
A Humanian servant came up to Osiris. 
He bowed and spoke "We have a report that that the servant named Telviv found the child, Tala in the dark forest of Shadonia by witnesses. They were confused when Telviv talked about Amen Ra giving him the child in the field when he was seen coming out of the forest with a bundle possibly carrying the child. The cause of how she got there was unknown."
The servant bowed and Osiris dismissed him with a wave of a hand. The servant walked away. 
Isis spoke "Priest Governor Ian Sh'ar will be pleased to get Tala for he has wanting a daughter. His wife is too sick to have another after having three sons."
Osiris made a gestured of his hand. Governor Sh'ar came forward. His eyes lingered on Tala held by Isis. He lingered with a hopeful expression on his face. 
Osiris spoke "I present you an orphaned child." 
Isis handed Tala to the Governor. 
Governor Sh'ar protested "But I have three sons."
Isis glared and asked "Assuming you don't want the daughter you wanted?" 
Governor Sh'ar spoke "Wait! You mean the child is a girl?" 
Shocked he clutched Tala. 
Isis answered "Except on one condition, she shall be named Tala."
Joyously the governor agreed. He bowed kissing the Pharaoh's hand then went to his cart where his slaves stood waiting. Getting in they carried him to his home.
Isis spoke "Gods! Another day of defeating Mesen's horde what will we do with the two, Telviv and his wife?"
Osiris spoke "I think I’ll determine that later." 
The couple smiled and held hands as the green moon of Edenia shined above them. 
Osiris spoke "Isis do you ever wonder why the moon is a lovely jade color?"
Isis spoke "Oh Osiris, why should I know? Some things don't have answers" as the young couple surveyed the fallen temple. 

Telviv was shaken awake by Ayah. He saw a concerned look on Ayah’s face. 
She spoke “Telviv!”
Telviv answered “Ayah, We shouldn’t have lied about Tala.” 
He gestured to the walls of the stone jutting walls of the prison cage he and Ayah were in. The walls were white stone all around with a metal wall of squares on a window and to the door. There was a faint light shining from the fire lamp in front of their prison.  
Ayah spoke “I fear I may have caused our death for I heard the guards mentioning something like that.” 
Telviv answered “I pray to the Gods that this won’t happen.” 
Then they heard clanking sounds of metal opening and then the clanking resumed. The duo looked in time to see Set, brother of Osiris reach the door of their cage. They stood up and watched Set glare at them. 
Set spoke “You think you could get away with a lie? A sacred temple has been destroyed as a result.” 
Telviv frowned and bowed his head. 
Set spoke again “The pharaoh has decreed punishment. You will be exiled, where you go is not our concern.” 
The guards opened the gates to the cell and grabbed a silent Telviv. Ayah sniffed as Set made a sound of disgust. 

Outside Telviv blinked his eyes to see a crowd of people standing with an aisle in front leading to one of the side gates of the city. He stared at shock that the gate they were to exit was leading to the hot, sandy desert. He could see the Pharaoh and his wife sitting in their thrones with blank expressions on their faces watching them. Telviv walked with Ayah clinging to his arm. The crowd vibrated of anger. 
Someone yelled “There’s no place for liars!” 
Ayah looked questioning at Telviv. 
He whispered “Someone must have told about this.” 
Then the crowd chanted “Liars exiled!” 
The two walked through the aisle of people, Humanians like he and Ayah, a mass of golden tan skin with black hair, pointed ears and golden eyes stared at them. Reaching the gates Telviv hesitated and then he followed Ayah out of the city with the gates closing with a bang.  

The years went by and Tala grew reaching the age of her first decade. She lived with Governor Sh'ar and his family. As a child she learned many things but something made her wonder. She couldn’t quite grasp it but it was there at the back of her mind. 
One the day the sun was high in the sky in the afternoon. After finishing chores of getting water and feeding the Governor's Gonoids, Tala and her three brothers Ion, Jalel, and Lo went into an alley behind a noble's house where the noble's children came to play. When they got there the children were playing a game of kick the ball bag. They ran around kicking it. Some were making sand castles. Some boys played a game of sticks hitting a rock. Tala joined the kids making sandcastles. Her three brothers joined the boys playing sticks hitting a rock. It was a beautiful day. The clouds were rolling lazily across the sky as the sun shined. Soon it was near lunchtime. Children began leaving for home but Tala and her brothers stayed. Digging in the sand Tala shaped a castle when Tala gave a scream. Her brothers playing were halted. 
Jalel spoke "Tala do you mind? We're playing here." 
Tala spoke hysterically "I can't its quicksand." 
Ion and his brothers dropped their sticks and ran over to Tala. 
She spoke "Look."
As she put her arm through the hard stone ground she easily pulled her arm out. Ion and his brothers exchanged a look that Tala didn't understand. They looked at each other then 
Ion exclaimed "Its not quicksand but stone." 
Lo spoke "Stone." 
As he kneeled down and felt the ground. 
Ion asked "What joke are you playing?"
Tala protested "But it’s not a joke."
Lo spoke "Gods it’s a trick of some kind."
Then he started walking away. Jalel followed him with Ion. Tala felt the stoned ground. It was hard as stone. She grabbed a handful of sand and threw it in the air. She cried as she watched the sand settle on the ground. Then she got up, her brothers were no where to be seen. She desperately ran out of the alley calling 
"Ion! Jalel! Lo! Where are you?"
As she ran out onto the street, which was crowded of people, some were calling out their wares as others bargained prices while unsure which direction to go Tala idly stood. Her three brothers were no where to be seen. 

Fate had chosen Isis to choose this time of the day to dress up in swaddling clothes and go among the masses observing people. She decided to disguise herself as a servant doing a chore. She put on a sack cloth with holes for the head and arms she wore a hooded cloak over herself. It fell to her knees and added some poor made sandals were on her feet. She removed her royal jewelry and make up. Her hair was pulled back and tied into a ponytail with a string. She hid her crown on her head with a hood. Then she slipped from the palace through the side entrance. The palace servants didn't notice her. They barely gave her a second glance. She took her time walking in among the people watching them sell their wares. She saw food, jewelry and gonoids with their neighing being sold. She carried a basket and was inspecting fruit at a stall when she noticed a young girl wandering around looking lost. The girl looked around as if looking for someone. Isis noticed the panic on the young girl's face. She put the fruit down and wandered over to the young girl. She reached a hand and tapped the girl on the shoulder. Startled the young girl looked at her. 
Isis spoke "Hello, where's your sire?" 
She smiled as stared at the young girl looking friendly. 
The girl spoke "I don't know. I'm looking for my three brothers. They took me here to play and then they left me." 
Tears began to fell from the girl's eyes. Isis sighed and reached over and hugged her. 
She spoke calmly and soothing "Show me the play area. I would like to see it."
The girl calmly took her to the alley. Isis could see it was a play area. 
The girl spoke" One of my brothers thought I was playing a trick." 
Isis spoke "Hmm? Little girl do you have a name? And what trick is it can you show me?"
The girl answered "My name is Tala." 
She sat down as Isis remembered the baby she gave to Governor Sh'ar. Isis kneeled next to her. Tala put her right arm into the hard stone ground like there was a hole. Then she pulled her arm out and there wasn't a hole. Isis reached out and felt the hard stony ground. She examined Tala's right arm. It was fine. Her senses were telling her something was serious here. Tala's arm looked fine but something told Isis that this was a serious matter. 
She asked Tala "How long did you discover this?" 
Tala answered "Since today when I accidentally put my hand in the ground." 
Ion's voice spoke "See father! Tala is no sister of ours since she could be Shadonian." 
Startled Isis and Tala looked over at Governor Sh'ar, his sons with two of the royal guard.
Isis took her hood off revealing her crowned head and spoke" Governor Sh'ar what are you up to?" 
Governor gasped when he recognized Isis. 
"Queen Isis!" He exclaimed "My apologies. I didn't realize you were interested in the child. Almost nine cycles ago I would have taken her but after seeing what happened with my own eyes I can't or won't have Tala. If it requires my death so be it." 
He paused then continued pointing his finger at Tala "You! If I see you around my boys and my estate, I have half a mind to-” 
Noticing Isis’ glare, he added “Ban you." 
He stormed off with his sons glaring at Tala and the confused royal guards behind him. 
Isis sighed and put her hood back on. Tala started at her with shock on her face. 
Isis spoke "Tala it looks like you will be staying in the palace for awhile possibly a long time." 
She held out her hand and Tala shyly took it. 

Isis led Tala through the busy streets and up the hill to the palace. She took her up to the gates. The guards recognizing Isis let them through. Inside the palace gates were the gardens. Tala marveled at the gardens with their flowers blooming. She wanted to stop and look but Isis had a tight grip on her and walked a fast pace. She slipped her through the servant's side entrance. The servants once again gave no notice of Isis and Tala. Inside she passed several doorways and reached the palace pool. Removing her hooded cloak she clapped her hands calling out for the servants as four women arrived carrying clothes, and pillows. They helped Isis take off her sackcloth and put on her royal clothes. Isis sighed as they washed the dirt off her body with water from the pool and put her royal clothes on. One woman fixed her hair up in a style with jewels. Another put jewelry on her neck and wrists as one put sandals laced with gold on her feet. Then Isis settled herself on a couch near the pool. 
She spoke "Tala come here and seat yourself" 
She patted a space on the couch. Tala came and sat down. 
Isis spoke "It won't be long now. My husband will come. Gods! Get this girl something to eat and drink while we're waiting." 
Two servant girls left and went into the palace. 

In a palace room sat the Pharaoh Osiris. He sat with a table full of papers in front of him. He was reviewing plans for battle. It was a perilous time. The Shadonians were increasing their attacks. They were striking travelers coming to and from the city around the region. Some of travelers had sent petitions for help to the Pharaoh for protection. Osiris sighed. 
Groaning he thought "It’s going to take a long time before I can settle down and have children." 
One called Mesen who kept trying to invade Zimala led the Shadonians. It was causing havoc on his life with Isis. Sighing he noticed one of the palace servants standing at the doorway to the room. He struggled to recall the servant's name. 
Osiris spoke "Yes?" 
The servant man spoke "Her royal majesty, Queen Isis is waiting for you for a lunch date in the garden near the pool." 
The servant bowed and Osiris dismissed the servant with a wave of his hand. He straightened the papers in neat piles and then he went out of the room. As he was walking down the hall he smelled food. His stomach rumbled. His twin brother who he named Set Chief of Justice came and joined him. 
Set asked "How many days must you sit at that table cooped up in your room reviewing battle plans?" 
Osiris spoke "As long as it’s needed. In five cycles is when Mesen leaves to his kingdom for two cycles." 
He referred to an unknown curse placed on Mesen. The two brothers went down the stairs to the gardens beyond. 

In the gardens sitting on blankets and pillows surrounding a low table of food were Isis and Tala. Set noticed Tala and sneered. He sat down with notes in his hand. Osiris went to Isis and kissed her affectingly. Noticing Tala sitting across from Isis, Osiris sat down. 
He asked Isis "Who is your little visitor?" 
He gestured with a flick of his hand. Tala flinched under Set's glare which Isis noticed. 
Isis replied "This is Tala, the child that was given to Governor Sh'ar. But it seems Tala is not what she seems for an incident had her returned to us." 
Isis noticed Set's look of relief on his face. It made her suspicious. They began to eat the food. Tala thought the food was the best she ever tasted. Being hungry she wolfed down the food with her hands. Osiris noticed this. 
He asked Tala "Tala? Don't you have manners? Doesn't Governor Sh'ar ever give you food and teach you the proper way of eating them?" 
Set looked amused while Isis seemed thoughtful. 
Isis spoke "Tala has Governor Sh'ar been mistreating you?" 
Tala spoke hesitantly "He has been calling me Shadonian servant. I was treated as a servant expected to do duties for Governor Sh'ar and his family. His wife would treat me like a child behind his back."  
Isis exhaled air as Set spoke "May I order men to arrest Governor Sh'ar for this abuse?'
Isis and Osiris spoke to each other in ancient language. 
Isis: "No I wouldn't recommend the arrest. His wife made up for that treatment." 
Osiris: "I agree for I do not wish to humiliate a family friend."
Isis: "I think watching him would do before making any rash judgments." 
Osiris: "Fine it’s settled."
Set sat glaring at them both. He didn't understand a word they said and neither did Tala. 
Osiris spoke "No arrest but I want Governor Sh'ar closely watched. I want him observed before any final judgments." 
After eating some food Set annoyed got up and bowed then he stormed away. 
Osiris spoke "That reminds me I must get on my plans for Zimala." 
He got up and left Isis along with Tala. 
Isis spoke "Since you're going to be living here you'll have to learn to be a servant. I do not have any other place for you besides servant work. " 
Tala bit her lip and nodded.

Tala learned to get food for her mistress Isis on a tray, when to come when called and to assist her mistress Isis with dressing in her royal robes. Each day when Isis would dismiss her after handing her some food on a tray, Tala would go in the gardens and play. She mostly would explore the gardens marveling at the trees, the plants.  On one particular day Tala was deep in the gardens behind several trees hidden from the palace. A woman came up from the ground in front of her. Tala was shocked when she saw her. 
The woman spoke "Hello, Are you Tala? I shall be your teacher of your powers." 
The woman had dark purple skin, and white eyes and white hair. The white dress the woman was wearing was sleeveless with straps of gold. The dress fell past her knees. 
The woman spoke "Tala, Isis sent me. There's no need to tell Isis about me she already knows. The necklace you wear"
Gesturing to the necklace Tala had worn all her life 
"Is a sign that you are Shadonian. I am called Nefari." 
She walked to Tala. Tala was full of questions and was shocked to what she heard. 
Nefari spoke "Child I know you are full of questions but with time they will be answered. Now remember you must always come here when your work is done, so I can teach you about your powers. For what you fear will be learned and accepted." 
Then both heard Isis calling for Tala. Tala watched as Nefari lifted her head and sank into the ground. Tala stood dumbstruck. She heard Isis calling for her. She ran to Isis. Isis came stomping in the garden 
She angrily spoke "Tala! Did you hear me call?" 
Tala nimbly followed Isis out of the garden. She looked back at the spot where Nefari was hidden behind a tree she stood. 
Far away in the forbidden forest voices spoke "Nefari!" calling. 
Nefari in the palace gardens went underground, swimming in the ground towards the voices. She reached a cavern. 
She spoke "I am here." 
One of the voices spoke "Tala shall learn her powers. Teach her well. She must enter the gate of Edenia. Tell her this but don't say why. You will say that Tala is connected to the Chasm of Storms." 
The voices faded in silence. Nefari sank in the earth and was in a field of tall grasses. She looked up at the sky. In the sky barely visible was the green moon Edenia. 
Nefari spoke "it won't be long now; Tala will join you on Edenia." 
A rumble of clouds moved like they were asking Nefari a question. 
Nefari spoke "Five cycles when both Mesen and Osiris are dead and the first child is born as prophesied." 
She went into the ground as the sun started to descend in the sky, the day coming to an end.

As night came, sleep came but not Tala. She lay uneasily in her bed from a corner of the room with the other servants, and got up yawning she went to the window. An Ivy vine had grown to make a ladder besides the window still. She looked out and saw a woman standing below waiting. Tala recognized Nefari the woman who came from the ground earlier in the garden. Nefari beckoned with her hand to Tala to come. Stretching her limber exercises Tala climbed on to the ivy vine and climbed down. When she reached the ground the ivy withered away. Nefari did a head movement of up and down before she went into the ground. She came up a couple paces away from Tala. 
She spoke “Let’s see you do it”. 
Tala copied the head movement and in instance she went into the ground. It was like swimming in water with rocks in it. Tala came up gasping in pain. 
Nefari spoke “Do not fear it for when I was your age, I discovered my power. I was afraid of it at first but my fears were learned.” 
Tala took a breath and hyperventilated. Then she did the head motion of up and down she went into the ground and came up a couple paces next to Nefari. 
Nefari spoke “You have much to learn about your talents.”
Tala asked “Do you know who my parents were?” 
Nefari answered “Your father is Qutaran and your mother is Shadonian.” 
She walked away speaking “That’s all for tonight. Practice and practice what I taught you.” 
She went into the earth. As Nefari left Tala called out “Wait! You haven’t explained who they are besides their origins!”
But Nefari was gone. Tala tried to follow but she ended up in a maze of tunnels and surfaced onto the earth ground as a candle light was seen in the window. She saw guards coming with their torches from a distance in the gardens and Tala went into the ground. 

Inside Isis woke up when she heard voices outside her window. She heard pieces of the words that were saying “Gods!....Shadonian…. Been here….No! Two….”
Isis got up from her bed and went to the window to look out. Guards with torches were running on the grounds. Some acted like they were looking for something. Isis heard a knock at her door to her room. 
She commanded “Come in”. 
A servant girl Lebe came in kneeled and spoke “My Queen, The guards reported disturbances on the grounds. They suspect Shadonians for they say they heard voices and the guards think the Shadonians took Tala.”
Isis gasped “Gods!”
Lebe cowered before her mistress, and said “Tala is not in her bed but there was an ivy vine leading up to the servant quarters’ window except the vine has withered.” 
Isis paced her room and spoke “Search for Tala. Leave nothing unturned. No one will sleep until Tala is returned.” 

Down in the Earth in a small cavern crouched against a wall Tala slept. She knew that they were looking for her. There was no way she could return to the surface with the garden crawling with guards. She would have to wait till sunrise. 
Surprisingly she dreamed of a forest world that seemed real to her and staring at her was Nefari who spoke “When you sleep your dreams will take you too many worlds which will be real.” 
She paused as Tala looked around the forest greenery with wonder on her face. Nefari raised a hand and pointed at something. Tala looked at what she was pointing at and saw a ring of shiny grey stuff she learned was metal in the ground. In the circle was a tall thick block stone. Writing was on the stone with pictures of figures in a language Tala didn’t understand.
Nefari spoke “This is the stone that tells prophecies.” 
Nefari gestured to the forest and faded. Tala woke up and found herself in the small cavern. She stood up and went into the ground as the sun rose above the horizon. She went up into a series of bushes and lay down huddled and went to sleep. 

Hands shook her as Tala woke up to see Lebe and several others looking at her with anxious looks on their faces. Yawning showing fanged teeth Tala got up and gave a start. 
“How did I get here?” she asked
Lebe replied “We were hoping you would tell us. The guards say you were kidnapped by Shadonians.” 
Tala spoke “Gods, I don’t remember.” 
Groaning she stretched as one of the guards left running to the palace in a hurry. Some of the servants were kind enough to bring Tala some food as she wearily ate it on the way to the palace. Halfway up the stairs to the palace Isis came running out with a look of worry on her face. 
She embraced Tala in a hug and asked “Tala, are you alright?”
Tala replied “Yes, My Queen.”
Isis spoke “Tala, you need some rest. Take her to her bed. I want guards posted for what happened to Tala better not happen to anyone else.” 
The servant girls escorted Tala to her bed and helped her bathe and Tala lay down on the bed wearily.

Isis stood outside walking on the porch part of the palace that led to the steps to the garden. One of the guards came up to her. 
He bowed and spoke “My Queen, Evidence, that there’s one Shadonian alone. The hole next to Tala matches the ones below her window. “ 
Isis irritated interrupted “Meaning?”
The guard spoke “Meaning Tala could be Shadonian and it’s odd.” 
The guard left at her wave of dismissal from her clawed left hand. Isis frowned and went inside the palace to Tala’s room. She met Lebe carrying Tala’s dirty tunic. 
Lebe spoke “your majesty, I believe Tala is outgrowing this.” 
Isis asked “What species does Tala seem to be?” 
Lebe replied “Your majesty, may I ask why? I seem confused.’ 
Isis spoke “One of the guards confirmed that they think Tala is Shadonian.” 
Lebe spoke “Mistress, I think the guards are not right. Tala is one of us but I think her maturity of being a female is making her look different.” 
Isis agreed.

One night Tala snuck out of her bed, in the servant quarters, and climbed down the withering Ivy on the window. She walked towards some bushes and trees avoiding the guards. There was a small clearing under the knotted trees, showing the green moon Edenia shining in the sky. Nefari stood there waiting. When Tala appeared from the ground 
Nefari spoke “Have you been practicing?”
Tala answered “Yes, at night time”. 
Nefari spoke again “Come into the ground. It’s time to dream. 
Nefari went into the ground, and Tala followed by being seen by eyes. A figure walked from the bushes and knelt down on the ground in the moonlight. Isis came followed by several guards and Osiris. 
Osiris spoke “Is this what you’ve been telling me?” 
Isis replied “Since this so-called taking happened, I have watched Tala. I saw her go into the ground.”
Set spoke “This is suspicious. She could be a spy plant, working for the Shadonians.” 
Osiris rebuked him “What? Are you out of your mind fool?”
He glared at Set who held both hands up and spoke “Forgive me, but I am very suspicious of the woman who was with Tala.”
He paused as Osiris still glaring, Set added “Who was she?” 
As Osiris dismissed Set with a wave of his hand. Set walked away with two of the guards behind him. 
Osiris spoke when Set was out of ear shot, “Guards! Check the gardens and keep Set out of this.” 
The guards who were waiting with them bowed and jogged away by pairs. 

Down in the earth ground in a small cavern Nefari stood watching Tala dream. She felt the presence of the Guards leave then Osiris left Isis alone near a clearing. 
“Now.” Nefari thought, as she went into the Earth and came up in front of Isis who showed a look of surprise on her face to see Nefari. 
Nefari spoke to Isis “I am Nefari, Mother of Tala”. 
Isis spoke “She may be your child but I don’t see a trace of Shadonia or Qutaran in her besides her ability to go into the ground, except I suspect that she is both.” 
Nefari answered “Your suspiciousness is right; Tala is both Shadonian and Qutaran.” 
Isis asked “Are you teaching her, her powers to do good or evil?”
Nefari spoke “Tala’s destiny is to bring your first child into the chasm, for evil lords are scheming to take the throne of your husband.” 
Isis asked “How long may I wait before I finally have a child?”
Nefari answered “That remains to be determined.” 
Then Nefari went into the ground and Isis heard Nefari’s voice in her ear, “You hold the power of a Goddess, for you were born a Goddess. Keep this talent from any one.” 
The voice faded away. Isis walked to a chair in front of a tree and sat waiting. 

Tala’s slept dreaming, showing a land unlike she had ever seen. The land she saw from above like she was flying had forests of trees she never seen before and there were meadows with tall grasses that looked welcoming and were looking so vast. There were even vastly amounts of water Tala instinct knew that they were called oceans and large dotted lands in the middle of the oceans. Some of the islands had water that was falling off cliff walls. Tala thought it was the most beautiful sight she had ever seen. She saw Nefari walking towards her as if floating on air in her line of vision. 
Nefari spoke “I show you this land of the moon called Edenia, for the prophecy has chosen you to be one of Edenia.” 
Nefari bowed and faded away. Once again Tala woke up in the cavern. She sat wondering of what Nefari told her. Then she got up and went into the ground. She came up unaware of Isis sitting in a chair watching her leave a cluster of bushes. 
Isis spoke “Tala”. 
Tala started and turned around to face Isis who smiled and asked “why did you not tell me of your talent?’ 
Tala meekly spoke “My Queen, I am aware that the Shadonians are consorted enemies of your people. I don’t want to be blamed a spy.” 
Isis nodded and got up from the chair and walked to Tala. 
She put an arm around Tala’s shoulder as she spoke “Your destiny lies on the Edenia.” 
Tala nodded together the two went into the palace. 

From that time Tala became a personal servant of Isis doing messenger work, carrying letters from Isis to Osiris. One day on the way to see Osiris, who was in his map room, Tala was carrying a note from Isis. She walked in the blue hall when Set came out of a doorway with a glare on his face some mean look in his eyes. 
Set sneered “Oh another love note.”
Then he walked back into a room slamming the door. Tala had never seen Set very much and kept walking to the doorway to Osiris’ War room. 
She knocked on the door and a voice wearily spoke “Come in.”
Opening one of the wooden designed doors she went in and saw Osiris who was sitting at a table with left side to her. He looked up and frowned when he saw Tala. 
Tala spoke “Message from Isis.” 
Osiris dumped his papers in his hands onto the table and held a palm up. Tala put the white rolled paper in his hand. He grabbed it with a flick and unrolled it. For a few seconds he was reading it when he jumped up from the chair and darted out of the room forgetting Tala. He still had the letter in his hand, and Tala could see that he was excited about something.

Osiris darted in the hallway to another hallway followed by an unseen Tala. He ran past several servants who ignored him then he slowed down and walked towards Isis’s room, and saw two guards standing there. One of the guards walked forward with a hand up. 
He spoke “My lord, I have orders not to disturb the Queen who is napping.” 
Osiris spoke “Move aside, I have something more important, I need to discus with Isis.” 
The guard was unmoved and spoke “No can do, orders are orders, and only the Queen can tell us when to leave.” 
Osiris glared and spoke waving the letter in his hand, “Then why do I have this letter from Isis in her handwriting requesting to see me?”
Unseen Set came up and spoke “What letter? It’s a map of Zimala in your hand. I don’t think you’ve been sleeping very much.” 
He stared at his older brother and spoke again “Why I believe you have eyestrain.” 
He snatched the letter from his brother’s hand that glared at him and put it in his robes while calling for servants. Four servants with two guards came and Tala saw from hiding behind a plant that the servants and the guards restrained a protesting Osiris. One of the servants broke open a plant and waved it in front of Osiris’ face. Tala watched as he stopped struggling and went slack. The four servants carried him away with the guards. She also saw as Set pulled out a money bag and clink some coins in the hands of the guards standing out the door of Isis’ room. 
Tala heard Set speak “Make sure Osiris doesn’t come near Isis.”
The guards bowed and stood straighter at the door as Tala slowly steal away unseen towards the palace entrance towards the gardens. She went to a clearing hidden by four trees and went into the ground unseen. 
In the cavern she sat down and dreamed. In the dream she was in a clearing of a forest filled with light that was silent. 
She called out “Nefari! Nefari! Where are you?” 
There was no answer as she tried to leave the clearing but some kind of force like an invisible wall blocked her way.  
Then she yelled “Nefari, where are you?” 
As Nefari came from behind her and tapped her on the shoulder. 
Tala spun around and spoke in a rush “It’s Set! He’s keeping Osiris and Isis apart from trying to create an heir.” 
Nefari spoke “Gods! That younger brother is planning an assassination attempt on Osiris.” 
Tala gasped as Nefari continued “Set must be working for Mesen.”
Then she walked into the forest with Tala staring at her, and then she woke up in the cavern with Nefari standing over her. Tala stood with Nefari as both went into the ground and came up the surface below the window of Isis’ room. An Ivy vine came from the ground, Nefari grabbed it and Tala’s hand. The Ivy pulled them to Isis’ window and settled them inside the room. Then the Ivy left them. In Isis room, Tala saw with shock that Isis was tied to the bed with a cloth in her mouth. Nefari restrained Tala from rushing to her bed as she looked around. Tala stood watching as Nefari spoke some sound and what appeared to be a basket of rope on the bed unwounded itself and rose from the bed. Tala saw that it was a Lung Ra, a dangerous gonoid with a thick ropey body and with a flared hood. Tala watched as Nefari speaking some words to the Lung Ra as it swayed with hood open and fangs bared. Nefari held out her hand and then fire flamed out of her hand and she threw it at the Lung Ra who reacted by backing up. Tala saw as the flame hit the Lung Ra on the head and the fire consumed it. Then Nefari let Tala rush towards Isis freeing her from her bounds. 
Isis spoke “What is going on? Set appears to me be keeping me from Osiris.” 
Nefari spoke “He does not want you leave an heir sired from Osiris.”
Isis spoke “That fool is trying to take my beloved’s Throne! Gods!” 
Nefari spoke raising her arms as smoke emanated from her filling the room. It made Tala sleepy and she noticed that Isis didn’t look alarmed but made self comfortable in the bed. Once Isis was asleep Nefari stood and went to the window. Climbing down by the Ivy’s help she went into the ground. 

Isis awoke from her slumber. She wondered if it was a dream that she had of her embracing Osiris. The dream seemed so real and wondering she felt some sickness she never felt before but knew what it was. Isis sat on the bed smiling and she noticed a sleeping Tala who got up and stretched. The sun was rising in the sky from her windows of her room. 
Isis spoke “Tala, do you know who Nefari is?”
Tala answered “My Queen, she’s my teacher.” 
She got up and walked to Isis waiting for orders. 
Isis grumbling spoke “Will you see what that fool Set is up to? This sleep got me in an angry mood. Out, Out!” 
Tala darted out the door into the guards. 
She gave a struggle as Set came up and spoke “Well what do we have here? A Shadonian! Put her in the dungeons.” 
The guards pulled the struggling Tala away as another set of two guards came and took their positions at the door. 
Isis came out grumbling “Set! Tala is my servant. “ 
Set spoke “Not anymore.” 

In his room Osiris lay on his bed awaking, groggily he got up and opened the door to his room to see two guards were there. 
He demanded “Out of my way.” 
One of the guards pulled his sword and spoke “Calm down my Lord, go back in and relax.” 
Instead Osiris lunged at the armed guard and in a quick motion both guards were on the floor. 
Grabbing one of the guards Osiris stuck the sword on the guard’s neck and spoke “On whose authority ordered you to guard my door? Answer you fool.” 
The guard made a gulping motion and spoke “Set’s orders.”
Releasing the guard Osiris walked away with shock on his face muttering “How dare that fool interfere with my love for Isis.” 
He walked to the War room and found Set examining papers. Osiris slammed the door and Set looked up with anger on his face. He’s face registered shock when he saw Osiris with sword in hand glaring. 
Set spoke “oh, I’m sorry Osiris but reports of spies of Mesen are here, they might want to kill you and Isis. I had to keep you apart to prevent this.” 
Osiris glared and stormed out of the room slamming the door. 

In the dungeon, Tala stood chained to the jutting stone wall of dirt scruffy with bones. She tried with her might to go underground but the chains kept her up above ground. Tala tried to stay calm but she remembered her ability to dream of Edenia. The chains were long enough for her to sit on the ground. She closed her eyes and held her head down and dreamed. In the dream she was in a cavern. 
She called “Nefari! Can anyone help me? I’m trapped in a dungeon chained. I can’t go underground.” 
Then she screamed “Help!”
Then she was awake back in the dungeon to see three hooded figures of white with clawed hands and staffs stood in front of her. Their faces were covered by the hoods. Tala shivered hearing them growl. One of them glided forward with a staff in the hand, as yellow light like small lightening sprang from the staff hitting the chains of Tala then she was freed. Then the figures bowed and went into the ground. Tala realized that they were of Edenia. Tala went into the earth and she came in the garden. Two guards came running towards her with swords drawn with malice in their eyes. She stood as a white hooded figure came up from the earth besides her and fired lightening from a staff. Tala watched as the guards were hit with lightening then they stood and bowed to her and walked away. Then the figure faded away into the garden. Tala walked into the palace, to the dining room where Osiris and Isis sat in chairs across from each other. Food was placed in front of them. Osiris ate his food watching Isis eating. Isis opened a round red fruit and took out a seed and threw it at Tala. Osiris looked at Tala with a look of surprise on his face. 
Noticing the guards around them Osiris spoke “Too bad I’m not letting you ruin your looks.” 
Isis saw him scratch his right eye and realized that he got the message. 
Osiris continued “When Mesen leaves is when we can create an heir for me.” 
He noticed the one of the guards leave his post besides the table. The two continued their eating in silence and then parted with their separate ways.

In a room with only shadows from the fires, and the lights of the torches there were long thick columns, circular stood tall from the floor to the ceiling ancient designs of the ancients' writings were on them. The floor and the columns were made of stone, shaved to feel smooth to the touch. The room was huge as it was deep inside a temple. No light from outside shined in the room. In the middle of the room was a stone round table with benches. Hooded figures in gray came to the room. Their features were covered up in hooded gray robes that the figures were hidden. The figures sat on the benches. 
The silence of the room was shattered as one of the figures spoke in a language "The time had arrived. It is time of the High Council to return to our glory and be rulers of the universe."
Outside the temple was the blowing desert. Its golden sands blew swirling around the temple, which was built at the entrance to a cave. The entrance had the carvings of four giant figures in a row. There were two separated by the entrance. 

Osiris stood in his royal robes and held in his left hand was a chain in silver attached to a collar of a sleeping gonoid at his gold sandal feet. The gonoid shifted its white striped fur puffing as it panted. Its claws flexed in and out. His bare right hand was resting on the porch rail. The Pharaoh stood on the porch surveying his kingdom. He heard footfalls behind him and saw his wife, his queen, Isis coming on the porch followed by the familiar guards as ordered by Set. She had on a white skirt reaching to her ankles. There was a gold belt holding the skirt at her chest and around her neck were a cloak and a loose wraparound top covering her. On her head was a crown like headrest. It covered her black hair partly. She had bracelets on her arms and sandals that caressed her feet. She walked softy towards her husband. The gonoid woke up and yawned before falling asleep.
Isis spoke "My husband you should be getting some rest." 
Osiris spoke "I can not sleep without knowing my kingdom is safe and at peace." 
She took his right hand in her hands and held it. 
She warned "Osiris, I came to warn you I feel someone close are planning for your death." 
Osiris asked "Who? Not my brother Set for he will have to wait for death to make him king." 
Isis spoke "I fear it is Set who plans your death." 
Osiris protested "No, he cannot." 
Isis spoke "Maybe my husband." 
Unknown to them standing in the shadows was a figure. A scowl was on his face. Osiris' younger brother Set stood glaring at the lovers. His hair was set in a ponytail in the back of his head held by silver bands. He had on a white cloak with out an ornament on it. His chest was bare, but wasn't very muscular with bit of a stomach. He had a white skirt with a gold belt on it. Set walked away as quietly as he could with his sandal feet. There was a scowl on his face as he walked away. 

Every sunset, the sky turned to many colors of red, orange, blue, purple and black. White dotted stars came slowly out blinking in the night sky. Osiris stood on the balcony looking out on the city. It was his favorite thing to do, to watch the sun set. The colors gave him beauty and made it peaceful for him. 
He turned around to see his brother Set who spoke "Evening brother, I was disturbed today." 
Osiris asked him "What disturbed you?" 
Set answered "I heard your words, that death will make me king. What is the meaning of this?" 
Osiris turned to face him. 
He answered "I speak the words of what I see."
Set waited for him to continue. 
Osiris continued, "What I see of you is not my loving brother, but a greedy throne hungry fool." 
Saying this he left Set alone on the balcony. Set waited until Osiris disappeared inside. 
Set spoke "You shall regret this, I promise you." 
He left the balcony with anger on his face. 

Osiris tossed and turned in bed in a dream of Isis, she asked "Osiris, what troubles you?" 
He replied "It's my younger brother Set. You were right about him." 
He felt Isis's hands on him rubbing his chest like as real. 

Night came with the green moon Edenia shined high in the sky. The city was silent and still with not a thing moving. A figure was slowly walked out of the castle gates to the road that led to the forests. There was a gonoid tied to a tree waiting. The black hooded figure sighed and went to untie the gonoid. 
A loud voice rang out, "Halt, Who are you, invader?" 
The hooded figure turned to the voice behind him. There were four men who seemed to be the palace guards. The guards were dressed in gray vest, pants, black boots, with armbands on. Their swords were pointed at the hooded figure. 
The hooded figure spoke "I am not an invader but a messenger, I am relaying to a distance kingdom." 
One of the guards spoke " We will take this to the Chief of Justice, Set." 
They advanced to the messenger then it happened, shadows darker than night sprang forward and attacked the guards. The guards put up a struggle but the messenger sprayed some sand in their faces. The four hit the ground out of cold. The shapes rearranged themselves until they were humanoid.  Their clothes were gonoid skins and their white hairs were in a tangled mess with purple colored skin. 
One of them spoke in a harsh voice "Lord Set, we welcome you." 
All four men bowed at the figure. Set spoke "Take me to your lord; I would like to talk to him about the dethronement of Osiris." 
Immediately the four men surrounded Set his head was suddenly covered up with a hood. He felt them sinking into the ground. They did not go unwatched. Tala stood from behind a tree. She was following Set as ordered by her mistress Isis. After seeing them disappear into the ground Tala put her black hair into a ponytail then she disappeared into the desert ground. 

The desert was storming when the men with Set rose from the ground at their destination. In the storm in front of them was a temple. It was built into a cliff wall, at the entrance of a cave. The men helped Set enter the temple through the strong blowing winds. He heard one of the men yell words he couldn't hear because of the blowing wind. He watched as the door to the temple opened with a rumble. Light was shining through the temple doors. Set was guided into the temple with the men. As the door was closing, they did not see Tala run in behind them on barefoot. The heavy doors slammed close with a bang. Inside was a light from the torches on the walls. There were thick columns of poles from the ground to the ceiling. Tala hid behind a column. She watched as the men helped Set rid of his cloak, which was left littering the floor. Tala ran from column to column, careful to stay out of sight. The four men escorted Set out of the room. Tala followed darting from column to column. They left the room entering a doorway. It was a dark hallway that led to a bigger room. On entering the room behind them, Tala hid herself behind a column watching them. The room was huge, lighted by torches. There were columns in the room holding the ceiling. On the ceiling seemed to be designs of an ancient writing. The four men told positions around the table. Set sat at the chair they indicated for him to sit. Tala darted to a dark corner in the room, where she could see every thing. Facing the table were huge doors. 
One the men spoke "Lord Set, our king Mesen will come at his time, so you must be patient." 
Then the doors open bringing a black smoke with red lightening. It swirled around before setting in a shape. The shape first was a skeleton of a dragon then the squeezed into a form of a man. The man had black skin with black hair and had all white eyes with pointed ears. He wore a cloak with a black and red skirt that swished as he walked to the table with a crown on his head. The four men bowed and kneeled to the strange man. The strange man sat down at the table facing Set. 
One of the men got up and said to Set "I present our lord King Mesen". 
Gesturing to Set he spoke "The one who seeks your audience is Set the younger brother of Osiris." 
Then Mesen spoke booming voice "Bring out our allies and have them sit at this table." 
The four men bowed and left the room. Set looked as figures came from the columns and sat down in the chairs around the table. Set noticed that they were dressed the same style like himself. Their skin was in different hue colors from black to tan brown and their eyes were the same as Mesen, all white orbs and their ears were pointed like him. The meeting began. 
Mesen spoke "This meeting will come to order on the subject the dethronement of Osiris. He stands in our way of controlling Humania." 
Set interrupted by asking "Lord Mesen, I mean not disrespect, but what is Humania? Where is this place?" 
Mesen gestured to one of the members who tapped the table. 
Set saw a golden ball appear with a green ball next to it flicker above the table. 
Mesen spoke "This is planet Humania." 
He stood up with his arms wide apart and he explained "Humania is what we stand on, or what you call home." 
He sat down and again said "Mars, explain.” 
To a man sitting next to Mesen who stood up which to Set assumed he was Mars who spoke "Humania is in a galaxy called the doorway galaxy. For Humania controls the doorways to other galaxies. Osiris your brother" 
Pointing at Set "Holds the control of Humania which is a diamond pendant he wears like a necklace." 
As he talked a dimensional picture of the diamond pendant appeared on the table. 
Mars continued "With Osiris refusing to use the key for the doorways, we have exhausted our options to convince him to use the key. So we have no choice but to kill him and watch Isis incase of seeds." 
Set was started when he heard this. Tala in the corner frowned. 
She thought "Isis with seed? She doesn't look like she's expecting with her robes on. But she has been putting on weight." 
Mars smiled and said "our plan is to have Set lure Osiris to the Chasm of Storms. An assassin will kill Osiris and have his body thrown in the chasm." 
Set stood up and rebelled "Mars, How can you be sure, about Isis? If she bears a daughter one of your kind could woo her and take the kingdom without killing Osiris." 
Set sat down as Mars grumbled as he sat down. 
Mesen spoke “Speak Saturn.” 
A female figure Saturn stood up and spoke in a feminine voice "I say if Isis bears Osiris a son, it will die, but a daughter will live." 
She sat down. Mesen spoke "I do not agree Saturn. I believe that the child will die anyway. I vote for Mars' plan to end Osiris' life."
Mesen raised his hand, as Saturn raised her hand, as others did the same. Mars grumbled and raised his hand. All looked at Set. He sighed and raised his hand. 
Mesen spoke "Then it is unanimous! The sun will rise soon. The council is adjourned.” 
He signaled to the four men who came and took Set with them. They left the room. 
Mars spoke "When Set is on the throne and Humania and the key to the doorways will once again belong to us." 
There was cheering. Among this Tala slipped from the room and followed Set out of the temple, back to the city. 

At Zimala, Tala hurried to her mistress's room. Isis sat waiting for her. Tala came in the room and kneeled. 
She spoke "Mistress, I did what you asked me. Mesen and the others are planning to kill Osiris and put Set on the throne." 
Isis spoke "Listen when my child is born you must take it to the chasm and go in it. At the end of the journey, is where your destinies wait." 
Isis removed her cloak. Tala gasped for the story among servants that Isis' with child was true. Her abdomen was swollen with child as she lowered herself on her bed and settled herself. Tala helped her gather her cushions to help her up. Soon Isis fell asleep. Tala quietly put the blankets on Isis covering her swollen figure, who rolled on her side asleep. She tiptoed quietly to a corner when she could sit hidden and observes what was going on in the room. She was worried about Isis. Her pregnancy made her weakened. Isis was relaying on Tala to help her. Osiris aware of her pregnancy ordered Tala to be his wife's private helper. With a sigh Tala went asleep, her ear open for noises. 

Tala woke up suddenly not knowing why. She heard a step in the room. She relaxed when she saw the figure was Osiris but frowned when she saw that he was escorted by two guards. He walked to his sleeping wife. The he bent down and kissed her on the cheek. She stirred but stayed asleep. Osiris settled himself in a chair next to Isis' bed. He sat watching his wife asleep. 
Tala heard him mutter out loud. "Isis, I fear for our future’s safety." 
Tala nodded off asleep. She curled in a ball on the floor. 
The sun rise starting a new day as Tala woke up and stretched. She saw Osiris was up and awake. He was sitting on Isis' bed next to her sleeping form. A hand was on her swollen abdomen. There was a look of joy on his face as he felt his child move from inside his wife. A servant came in the room. He waited until Osiris looked at him. The servant gestured to Osiris. He got up from the bed and walked to the servant stood. The servant whispered in his ear. Anger clouded Osiris' face. He darted out of the room with the servant behind him. Tala followed them to a balcony. She saw Set there standing near the balcony railing. Set stood on the balcony waiting. His brother Osiris arrived glaring. 
He spoke "Set, What black cloud you thought up as a joke?"
Set raised his left arm and pointed in front of him. On the horizon was black smoke gathering that was coming and getting bigger as it came. Lightening crashed from the smoke. 
Set spoke "It is an omen of some sort yet. I do not know the meaning, but it could be the dread on Mesen." 
Osiris spoke to a servant "Sound the Alarms! Mesen is coming. We must be prepared for his visit." 
He left the balcony with the servant. 
Set muttered "Mesen. Yes, the dethronement of Osiris is on hand." 
He left the balcony unaware that Tala heard his words. Tala darted back to Isis' room. She found her mistress moaning in pain. The family doctor Anaba was there. Anaba looked at Tala with a worried look on her face. 
She spoke "Tala, thank the Gods you’re here. I need your help.”
Anaba bellowed orders "Quick get water in a bowl with cloths. Tala, come here and help keep Isis sit up for the birth." 
Isis pushed and moaned as Anaba encouraged her. A servant wiped Isis' brow with a wet cloth. The birth went well and soon the baby was out wailing its cry. 
Anaba spoke as she wrapped the baby in a blanket "Mistress, you have a son." 
She handed the new born to Isis who gingerly held him. 
She spoke “His name shall be Horus.”
A servant came in the room. "Mistress" she spoke "Your husband and his brother, along with the army have already left to face Mesen in a duel." 
Isis didn’t hear the servant. She had fallen asleep with the baby. 
Tala spoke "My Queen is tired, please let her sleep." 
The servants left the room one by one. 
Anaba whispered to Tala "Tala, I fear for the safety for the newborn." 
She left the room. Tala put blankets on Isis and her newborn son. She went to her corner to watch. 

The city dwellers tearfully waved goodbye as their king left the kingdom with hundreds of army men. They tramped out of the city with some on gonoid back and some on foot as they left to meet Mesen's invading army. It took them time to reach the beginning part of Mesen's army which was figures in black clouds. His army seemed to be so large that is stretched far across the horizon. 
Osiris heard Mesen yell "Osiris you came with your puny army! My men would have killed your army in a few winds flat! Haha." 
Osiris screamed back, "Then I, Osiris challenge you Meson in a duel!" 
He heard Mesen spoke "I was hoping you would say that."
The black smoke parted revealing Mesen armed with a sword in his hand. With speed he stood in front of his army. Osiris darted from his horse with sword in hand. To Set's dismay, he saw that Osiris wasn't wearing his diamond pendant necklace. He watched as his brother stood a few inches away from Mesen. Mesen yelled and swung his sword at Osiris who ducked and whirled away. There was clanging of swords as both swords met. Their armies formed a circle around them. Set secretly pulled a knife from his sleeve. He watched as Mesen fell backwards on a stone twisting landing onto Set. His sword flew from his hand. Osiris kicked it away and rushed at him to strike. Then Osiris grabbed Mesen and pulled him off his brother, and saw a knife sticking in his back. 
Holding Mesen to the ground as the smoke around them faded, Osiris heard him whisper "The chasm of storms shall be sanctuary for your son. Osiris." 
Then he was silent. Set nettled down and felt Mesen's body for signs of life. There were none. He watched as Meson's army faded like clouds going into the ground. 
Osiris spoke "you killed him?" 
Set answered, "If anyone should kill my brother in a duel, it should be me. I will not let anyone deny me that." 
Osiris glared and spoke to his army "Carry his body to the Chasms of Storms. We will stay there tonight." 
Night was soon coming quickly. 

At the Chasm of Storms, Mesen's body was thrown in. Osiris' armies settled up their tents and settled up for the night. It was of a windy night. Set in his tent found he couldn't sleep. He got up and put on his cloak and went outside his tent. He hid a knife in his sleeve and went to find Osiris. His brother wasn't in his tent. Set looked around the camp and found him near the Chasm of storms. He walked to his brother. 
Osiris turned to him and spoke "What an act of heroism."
Set spoke "I did this to prove that the story you collaborated with Mesen was wrong."
Set was about the pull out the knife when a figure came jogging up to them. 
The figure called "News from home, your wife Isis has a son." 
The messenger waited. 
Osiris spoke "Go back to camp and spread the news." 
The messenger jogged towards the camp. Set saw the figure turn self in smoke and went into the ground. 
Set spoke "There goes my chance to be king." 
Osiris spoke "Father was right, you’ll never be king." 
He walked away and he felt pain in his back as he heard Set say "Father was wrong, I will be king with your death." 
Osiris moaned out "I have powerful allies who will finish my work." 
He fell to the ground. Set felt his body. There were no life signs. Set signaled and four figures rose from the ground. They picked up Osiris' body and dumped it in the Chasm. The four figures disappeared as Set saw a servant girl with a basket stagger towards the Chasm of Storms and jump in. 
Set thought “Gods, what a way to die.”

Earlier the sun was low in the sky a while from setting on the horizon. In the city, Isis awoke gasping from a nightmare. Her nightmare was a vision of Osiris killed by Set. Exhaling a breath she remembered the other day, she stared at her sleeping son whom she named Horus. Tala stood nearby waiting her orders. 
Isis remembered speaking "Tala would you please hand me the basket in the corner?" 
Tala went and got the basket and handed it to her. She wrapped her son in blankets that his sleeping face stuck out of the blanket. Then Isis put him in the basket. She took off the diamond pendant necklace Osiris had given her and put it in the folds of Horus' blankets. She sighed and handed the basket to Tala. 
She spoke "Tala, Osiris told me that he believed the Chasm of Storms was a doorway to Edenia the green moon in the sky. Take this basket to the chasms and go in. Your journey begins." 
Tala nodded and took the basket and left the room. 
Isis quietly cried to herself. "Oh Horus I fear I won’t see you again till you are grown." 

Tala left the palace into the gardens walking out in the city carrying a basket, Tala heard snatches of conversations from the natives “Osiris…Mesen…Dead!...No!..What shall we do?”
Tala picked her way thru the fields picking food and kept walking crossing fields and desert patches till it was night time when she reached the Chasm of Storms. She saw two figures standing there talking. She was too far away to hear what they were saying. Her vision turned to night and recognized them as Osiris and Set. They appeared to be angry, then she saw Osiris walk away turning his back to Set. Then she gasped as Set pulled out a knife and plunged it in Osiris’ back who fell. Then she saw as four black figures arrived and picked up the body of Osiris and threw it in the chasm. Then the figures kneeled and bowed to Set and disappeared. Tala staggered towards the Chasm of Storms clutching the basket and jumped in. Set remained, and he turned to leave. She crept to the Chasm quietly but Set turned and saw her tumble into the Chasm. 

Set reached the camp to hear cries of the men. He heard a messenger bellow about the death of Osiris. The men wailed at the news. Set silently walked to his tent and inside was the council from the temple standing in a semicircle. 
Mars spoke "Set you did the plan well, for you shall be both kings of us and the corrupted people of Humania!"
Set looked around the tent and noticed one of them wasn't here. 
Set asked, "Is one of you missing?" 
One of them a male named Mercury answered "Nefari is not here, she was thrown in the chasm. She was not one of us, but a traitor. She was going to warn Osiris of this treachery when we caught her."
Set was silent and then he spoke "I took a liking to her but knew there was something wrong with her."
The others left the tent in silence except one a female stayed behind. Set spoke "'You have a name?" 
She turned to him and Set gasped. "You look similar to Nefari So I assume you and Nefari were twins?" 
The Nefari look alike spoke "Yes, Nefari and I were twins. My name is Nefena, my council name is Uranus. I plan to hold it with honor than my sister." 
Smiling a little she looked away sullenly. Set fell in love with her. 
He spoke "I would like to ask you to marry me."
Nefena laughed and she hugged Set kissing him before she spoke "Fate has brought us together to rule the universe." 
In a motion she pressed a jewel on his head. Set staggered before he fell to the ground asleep. 
Nefena went to the tent's entrance and said "Mars, you can come in, I put the scarab on him." 
Mars came in the tent. 
He kissed Nefena on the cheek and then he spoke "Soon Nefena, Set will rise up the new king and queen. For once again Humania shall belong to us the council." 
Laughing the two left Set's tent. 

At the city Isis stood on the balcony looking for news. A messenger came running into the city. He was followed by a parade of people. 
Isis' doctor and close friend Anaba came in and spoke "Your highness, Word has it Osiris and Mesen are dead by Set's hand." 
She paused and then added "Where is your son?" 
Isis spoke “Tala took the baby on my orders." 
The doctor spoke "My family's greatest secret was the chasm is a doorway to Edenia the green moon in the sky. For many generations the chasm was the entrance and exit. But I know one thing is true. Edenia is where my family originated. They have no ruler, but prophecy decreed there will be one who will lead the people of Edenia." 
Anaba faded away as if it was vision. Isis looked at the moon Edenia and down below she watched as the parade of people crowded to watch Set crowned Pharaoh by the high priests. A servant came up to Isis. 
He spoke "The high priests say in all laws your rank is higher than Set. So he must follow your advice and seek them on each order, no matter how he likes it or not." 
Isis replied "If I am to help Set rule am I be included in all of his businesses and pleasures?" 
The servant answered" Yes, it by law you stay with him as the new high priestess. Set does not know about your rank and the priests believe its best not to tell him this." 
He bowed and left the balcony. Isis lingered behind before she left the balcony. She had the palace swept and cleaned. 
A woman came to her and spoke ", Set has ordered every thing that is a reminder of Osiris and Mesen, destroyed." 
The woman turned to leave; a wind came and blew her wig off revealing shiny black hair. 
Isis gasped and said, "Who are you?" 
The woman mockingly turned to Isis and answered "My name is Nefena, also known as Ura in Shadonian, Qura in Qutaran and in Edenia, Uranus." 
Isis spoke "Ura is fine. I shall call you that." 
Ura spoke "The Qutaran is an enemy of Shadonia”
At the moment the newly crowned Set came marching out on the balcony speaking "Isis, where's that wife of mine Ura?'' 
Isis called out "Here on the balcony. I am having a lovely talk with Nefena." 
Set was dressed in royal robes. The Pharaoh crown made him imposing. 
He was a bit angry. 
“Ura" he yelled "its time for the wedding and your not crowned properly!" 
He gestured with a flick of his hand. Then a priest came on to the balcony. He asked for the Queen's crown. Isis with regret took it off her head and placed it on Ura’s head. Retreating behind, the priest crowned Isis high priestess. Set signaled then a bong from a bell sounded. The priest immediately chanted foreign words that no one not even the crowd down below and their king under stood except Isis. She heard the words, quite understandable. 
"Thou are cursed murderer! Body and soul as one shall the death of Osiris be avenged! Or forever the Great War! Set and Jupiter! Bear it well Uranus! No child shall be born to you! Thou are cursed! No Child!”

Hearing the words Isis frowned. She never understood the words the priest chanted until now. Looking at the priest in the eye she saw he was a prophet. 
One of the priests spoke to Isis in foreign language in a chant. "Thou shall have the power to be prophet like Tala. Thou are High Council member Venus! Bear it well, but your son lives with greater power of Humania. Only he Horus shall save us all.”
He was silent. Isis waited for him to go on but when he didn’t she paid as much attention to the wedding ceremony. 

Set surprised his people at the dais.
He spoke "Glory to this day. I have killed Mesen with a knife, so the Shadonia say I killed their king, so they shall be my slaves in this kingdom." 
The crowd of people cheered and cheered. Then there were screams. Many of them scattered in horror. Some fell to the ground as they were wounded. Shadonians working with strange black creatures were touching people which made them lie on the ground wiggling in pain. 
Set screamed "'What is the meaning of this?"
One of the Shadonia yelled back "Osiris and Mesen are dead out of the way Humania is again ours for the taking. We of Shadonia shall be victorious and reign forever!" 
Set wasn't pleased but one of the priests told him "These are guards to the supreme high council. They are omnipotent. Please they and then maybe you shall be one of them." 
The priest bowed and then his form changed from a flabby man to a young muscular man, still wearing the same pieces of clothing, skirt, cloak and sandals. Except they were more richly in jewels decorating it. 
Set asked, "Who are you?" 
The young man spoke "I am high council member Meritania. He gestured, a young woman beautifully shaped came in the balcony. 
Meritania spoke "My helper Anamara and your wife is Uranus and your planet name is Jupiter." 
Before he could asked a word Meritania and Anamara took him to the throne room of the palace. Isis followed Set to the throne room. The throne room had chairs at one end. Meritania and Anamara led Set and Uranus toward the thrones. Isis was about to follow when a priest nudged her. She saw him point to a group standing around a table. Isis nodded and went to the group. 
The same priest spoke "Hail to Venus high-priestess." 
Then each priest and priestess all about ten in number at the table welcomed Isis. One of the priests held out a chair for her. As she sat down the others sat down. Then the council members came in. Each one sat down and welcomed Set and Uranus. Then Meritania and Anamara led Set and Uranus to chairs where the couple sat down. Meritania and Anamara sat at their feet. 

Then there was a loud bell ringing, and then rumbling. It kept on and on. Then it ceased. Isis felt some kind of weight was released. Then a wall opened hiding revealing a glass window. As it finished opening, Set gasped. He could see a yellow gold colored planet that looked like an orb and the black sky with sparkling stars of dots behind it. Orbiting nearby was the green moon Edenia. Isis was shocked, but when she saw the planet, she knew it was Humania. She saw Edenia the green moon orbiting Humania. Isis felt Tala was alive and her son was well, with power flowing through him. 
One of them got up and broke the silence. "This is planet Humania. The green planet is a moon, full of life. We have difficulty-entering Edenia. Attempts to enter were turned into a fatality. But perhaps Edenia will open her doors to Venus the high priestess, whose rank by law is the highest.”
One of the priests Xan stood up. He spoke "A day ago we got a transmission from Edenia which is in a riddle that has many of us baffled." 
Xan unrolled a tube of paper and holding it he spoke the words out loud "The door will be open to none, except one, the highest rank but does not do the duties of the rank. Her planet is twin to one. Only she shall open the door."
Handing it to his companions Xan continued "We have reason to believe that only a high prophetess can open the door for there is a chance that Edenia has a prophet whose supervisor is a high priestess." 
Xan bowed and sat down. The council muttered and discussed. 
Set stood up and spoke "May I ask how can the high priestess Venus open the door to Edenia? Is it possible she could enter Edenia and open the doorway? But how can she accomplish this?" 
Xan stood up and answered "We sent a reply to the transmission to Edenia and they sent us. They told us that the key to the doorways has been returned. The Chasm of Storms in Humania is a doorway now locked." 
He paused to catch his breath and continued "Our reply was answered and they requested a high priestess to enter Edenia.”
Pausing he waited for questions, then he again sat down. 
Set spoke "Of what species shall enter Eden-" 
Uranus his wife interrupted him "Races that play an important part in the high council." 
Gesturing to the people sitting besides them she spoke "There's another prophecy. Which none of us knows what it means, but perhaps Jupiter and Venus could figure it out." 
She pointed. Xan got up and pressed a switch, a door opened revealing a stone wall in strange markings. There were designs of an ancient race with arrows pointing. In the middle were what appeared to be words, Set got up to take a closer look. 
After looking at it, he spoke "It is confusing. I do not have any knowledge to decipher this." 
He went to join his wife Uranus. All looked at Isis who got up and looked at the wall. 
She spoke "Each of the pictures around the words represents a race. The arrow is probably the origin. I guess the space in the middle is the Mediterranean galaxy where none has entered.”
She paused and got up. She walked to the stone and stared at it. 
Then she spoke "This involves Humania." 
She pointed at a sign. "This sign is Humanian origin, so is the stone but I can't solve it."
She added as she spoke “My husband Osiris told me he was familiar with the language.”
She watched as Set frown glaring then she went to sit down. 

In the Chasm of Storms, winds ceased as Tala felt herself plunging into the unknown in the darkness. Then she saw below her a great light of a circle illuminated the way and she fell through it. 
She felt the basket with Horus slid from her fingers and she yelled “No!” 

Part Two: Edenia
When Tala came to, she found herself lying in a forest lying on a pile of leaves in a vast meadow, nearby was Horus wailing away in his basket. Groaning she got up and she gave a start of shock. On the ground next to her were the bodies of Mesen and Osiris. Knives with the marking of Set were in their backs as they lay on their sides. Tala felt a tap on her shoulder and saw Nefari. Looking around she saw the white hooded figures with swords drawn standing with markings of unknown to Tala on them in a circle.  
Nefari spoke “Don’t worry the Samol won’t hurt you.” 
Tala nodded and she went to the basket to the wailing Horus, taking him out she rocked him silently and his wailing stopped. 
She heard a voice speak from the Samol people speak “Whose child is that?” 
Tala found that she could understand the language. 
Tala answered “The baby I hold is Horus, son of Osiris and Isis.” 
Nefari went to Mesen and weep some tears. 
Tala asked “Why do you cry for Mesen?”
Nefari replied “Your father lies dead from the knife of the murderer Set. “ 
Tala gasped, “You said, my father is a Qutaran.”
Nefari spoke “Mesen was born a Qutaran, but he grew up Shadonian, with me it was the opposite.” 
Then a black dragon came from the sky and landed behind a cluster of people. 
The dragon spoke “I am Arena of Edenia to choose Tala to be High council member Edenia.” 
Drums sounded as the Drummers came forward tree like creatures bouncing up and down with palm like leaves on their heads. 
A Samol came forward and put a clawed hand on Horus and closed the eyes of the baby and spoke “Dream for the Dragon Drums has a message.” 

In the dream the Dragon Drums’ forms were changed to beings looking exactly like Tala. 
One spoke “Tala, Daughter of Mesen and Nefari.”
They bowed by crossing their arms on their chests. 
Another Dragon Drum spoke to Tala “We Dragon Drums are protectors of Edenia, no other race listens like you listener.” 
A third Dragon Drum nearest to Tala holding Horus stood and spoke to Horus “Horus son of Osiris, Prophecy chooses you to rule for only you will bring equality to one of the races.” 
Tala gasped as a bubble appeared in front of her and showed the baby Horus growing up to a man who spoke “I shall avenge the deaths of Mesen and my father Osiris.” 
Then the bubble faded as Tala opened her eyes and found self alone holding Horus with the Dragon Drums. 
One spoke in its tree form “Hold tight to me for I will take you to the isle.” 
Drumming the Dragon Drum went underground and then swallowed Tala whole thru an entrance at the top of the tree head. Tala found herself in a tangle of web like substance. She clutched Horus tighter. Then there was a mist that made her yawn and she fell asleep. 

The Dragon Drum carrying Tala and Horus, traveled jumping thru the forest, a drum sounded each time it hit the ground. Reaching the ocean on a shore, the Dragon drum jumped in the water and swam with ease like a jellyfish fluffing in and out passing by marine life. The Dragon Drum was joined by people with green blue striped hair, fins on their hands and legs. They noticed the drummer swimming and swam towards it until the drummer reached a cave in jutting out of the ocean floor. The swimmers left the Drummer. Inside the cave was black with glowing blue light around it. The drummer followed the cave going up, down and side by side till it reached the exit to show a vast cavern under a mountain. Domes stuck out of the ocean floor with water plants swaying around them. The Dragon Drum swam towards the largest of the Domes vast in size and banged on to an entrance on the dome. The doors opened and the Drummer swam up thru a large pool. Tala who was in the Drummer was dreaming of the voyage blacked out. 

When Tala came to, she found herself in an all white room. The furniture was mostly a bed she was lying on. She got up and found herself dressed in a green dress. The dress flared at the hips and had a crew neck collar. On the sleeves was an ivy design along with around the hem. The dress covered her up but showed her feminine curves. Tala got up from the bed which was a slab of stone that was sticking out of a wall. There were two doors in the room. One slid open to reveal a small room. Tala heard a familiar cry and walked into the small room. The room was blue in color and in a crib was Horus. Tala saw him and picked him up. Horus stopped fussing and calmed up. His golden eyes looked at her. Then the door in a wall appeared by sliding open. Tala walked through and saw a corridor going two ways. One direction appeared to end at a wall on her left.  Tala walked through the corridor and could see that there were doors on both sides of the corridor with alien markings on them. She noticed that the blanket Horus was covered in was blue in design with markings on them. The corridor turned to her left and ending in front of her abruptly. Tala walked to the end of the corridor to see a window. She looked to see she was in some sort of city. She heard a wall close behind her and then the she felt the sensation of going down. Then the sensation stopped. Then the window opened and she could see people standing in rows with an aisle between them. They stood facing her. Tala stepped through the doorway and then the doorway closed behind her. She walked holding Horus who looked around with his eyes. The aisle curved towards steps with a Humanian in white stood waiting. 
She walked up the steps and stood as the Humanian spoke “I am called Telviv. I welcome you now called Edenia who holds in her arms, Horus, Son of Osiris.” 
The hooded figures all bowed towards the ground. Then suddenly Tala felt Horus taken from her arms as herself surrounded by a blue light and lifted up from the platform towards the sky. She watched as the ground became smaller and smaller as she was raised high in the sky up a tunnel to a green door. She walked through finding herself floating above in the sky focusing onto a tree as if drawn. She saw high in a tree stood a youngling male she eyed him as if drawn. His black skin glistened in the sun and his eyes showed all white with pointed ears. He was dressed in animal referred as gonoid in skin pants, with gonoid skin boots and his chest was bare. His black hair was pulled back in a ponytail as he held a sword in his hand waiting in the tree watching. He saw a ball of fire in the sky and watched with curious eyes hence his name “Hawk” for nothing went back unnoticed by his perch in the tree. In the sky came a glistening object with a light burning from the back of it. The youngling watched as the thing flew into the trees making a mark in the forest and stopped at a cliff wall with smoke steamed from it. Hawk called in a howl like call to his people below him. He grabbed a rope attached to the tree branch and used it to lower himself down from the tree top to the ground below with speed. He reached camp with his people stood watching him. 
Hawk spoke “I saw an object from the sky came as said and landed at the cliff.”
He pointed a clawed hand at the direction the object landed with smoke pouring in the sky. 
The tribal Elder Oak spoke “Then show us where it is Hawk.” 
Hawk nodded his head and led the way towards the hill cliff where the object lay. At the cliff wall they hid looking to see two figures in blue stumble out of the round circular object with smoke coming from it. Hawk and the others hid in the bushes as the figures came out stumbling. Tala gasped as one with black hair as night dropped onto the ground then the figure fell to the ground. Then Tala saw as another figure with hair as golden as the sun came to the night haired figure and fell besides the figure. They lay still and not moving. Hawk looked at the tribal elder Oak who gestured to go forward. Hawk armed with a sword slowly walked towards the figures in sky blue clothing. Using the butt of a stick he poked the figures in blue that moaned and stayed sleeping. He studied them and saw that they had pointed ears like his. Then he signaled to the others to come. The others of his kind along with tribal elder Oak came and stood around the figures in blue. One of them with night hair turned around and revealed to be a female judging by the rips in her sky blue clothing that revealed her curves. The female’s eyes stayed closed as she moaned and then they heard a moan from the other figure in blue revealed to be a male because of the rip in his suit of his chest that showed differences from the night haired female. 
Oak spoke “Check the flying thing, and see if there are others like these two.” 
Oak gestured as Hawk came and went slowly to a yawning opening in the side of the flying thing. Inside it was smoky and dark but Hawk’s vision was sharp, looking around and he spotted strange objects that were blinking like lightening. There was a small fire dubbed eater by the natives of Edenia on one of the blinking things. Hawk looked around slowly and could see no other life form. Then he turned and left. 
Hawk walked out and spoke “I don’t see much in there but there’s an eater of man” referring to the small fire “In there eating away.”
Oak spoke “Send for a seeker to look and bring these two to camp.” 
Hawk nodded with his head as two of the hunters grabbed sticks from branches and started wrapping vines around the sticks. Once complete the two figures in sky blue were picked up and laid on the stretchers and dragged to camp. 

In a dream the female with black hair stood with the male of blonde hair. They were alive and well staring around a blank barren landscape with desert mountains in the background. Without knowing why white hooded figures came from the ground and stood walking around the figures in blue. 
A voice spoke from one white hooded figure to the figures in blue “Edenia has chosen you to help.” 
Stick like objects came from the earth with triangles on one end. One of the hooded white figures handed the stick to the figures in blue. 

Hawk stood at the entrance of the cave where they placed the two figures in sky blue. He frowned standing there watching as two figures came out dressed in animal skins like him. They had staffs in their hands and animal boots. The female’s chest was covered for modesty while the male was bare. Hawk stood and watched as they walked to him and stared with their irises eyes. They stared at him and bowed with their heads. Hawk gestured to follow him. He walked down the hill towards camp which was made of small huts with organic materials provided by Edenia covered them. He saw Oak standing there with the others around him. 
Hawk stood watching as Oak spoke to the figures with sticks “I am the chief tribal elder Oak of this tribe. We welcome you strangers. We will call you” pointing at the one with night hair “Panther and we will call you” pointing at the one with sun colored hair “Lion”. 
Both Lion and Panther bowed with their heads as Drums sounded. 

Night fell, Hawk stood in the tree watching down below as a guard. He noticed that Panther and Lion were standing at the base of the tree watching him. Grumbling Hawk looked at the star filled sky and grabbed a rope he jumped twisting in a circle to another tree and stood watching down below. Sure enough the two were standing at the bottom of the tree watching him. Groaning Hawk remembered since the name ceremony Panther and Lion were seen following him every where and wouldn’t leave him alone. Their silence to his questions left him wondering what was going on. Then he climbed down the tree with a rope and reached the bottom. Panther and Lion stood watching him. Once again they followed him to his hut and stood outside the hut with their backs to the entrance like guards. Hawk grumbled hearing laughter from the others as Panther and Lion followed him into the camp. He lied down and fell asleep. In a dream Hawk found himself in a cave. He banged the walls angrily. Looking around he noticed an entrance where Panther and Lion stood blocking the way. Their sticks flashed lightening when he tried to go pass them at the cave entrance. He also noticed a glaring look on their faces as they stared at him. Turning around he saw a figure standing with a stick identical to the duo’s stick. 
He heard a voice coming from behind him to see Lion speaking “We want you to take the staff for you will travel our way thru the earth.” 
Hawk spoke “I am a warrior, for a warrior does not ride in the Earth like a coward.” 
Panther spoke “Who are you? Who is your origin? The Dragon Drums know the forbidden Isle holds the answer. You maybe a warrior but only a coward would refuse.” 
She disappeared with Lion. Angrily Hawk kicked the stone wall and pain was in his foot but he didn’t care. 
He sat down grumbling to himself “First this now this.” 
Sighing he grabbed the stick from the figure and entered the cave entrance. Then he woke up when it was morning. He got up and got out of the hut with a stick in his hand. He could see his people standing there watching him. They formed an aisle towards Oak.
Oak spoke “Hawk you are now High Lord ruler of your people.” 
They all bowed as a Hunter came running into the camp screaming “Banara!”
The crowd moved running in many directions. Hawk ran towards a tree following several others and stood next to Panther and Lion with his back to the tree. He watched as the Banara, with thick bodies came running with two horns glistening from their heads and a horn from their noses. He saw their long tails like chains with a sword part at the end came whacking the huts. Hawk could only watch as the Banara overturned huts and stomped on them. Hawk wanted to yell but he could only remain silent. Then he felt Panther and Lion turn towards him and put their hands over his white orbed eyes and he wisely closed his eyes.
He dreamed walking around the Banara asking a question “Why are you so angry to take your anger over people weaker than you are?”
Then he was back in his body with his eyes open but Panther and Lion’s hands were over his eyes. He sensed something like light getting brighter and brighter as he heard the screaming stop then he heard something like fluttering and sensed something thru the organ in his mouth a curious smell he never smelled before. Then the fluttering stopped as Panther and Lion pulled their hands away. He saw Banara lying on the ground some were shaking their large heads while a few were kneeling in front of him with their heads bowed. Hawk closed his eyes and dreamed. He found himself walking among the Banara who stood watching him. 
“Why are you angry?’ he said asking the Banara. 
One Banara stood up in the dream and said to him “The Banshees, our enemy has succeeded of removing us from the valley with non honorable means for we are a race of honor. Attempts to return to the valley have not succeeded.” 
Hawk spoke “You should live to work with others to return to the valley for the Banshees are our enemy who have done the same to us out of the forbidden Isle.” 
Then the dream ended and Hawk opened his eyes and saw the Banara standing and bowing to him. Then they helped Hawk’s people with the damage of the camp. 
Chief Oak came and spoke to Hawk “Thank you for your help with the Banara.”

Days passed, Hawk found himself drifting apart from his people. They stopped talking to him and would go silent staring at Hawk whenever he walked around the camp. One night Oak summoned him to his hut the largest of the huts. Oak sat and gestured Hawk to sit in the hut.
Oak smoked his pipe and said “Hawk, I believe it’s time for you to leave.” 
Before Hawk could protest, Oak held up a hand and spoke “Did you know that you are different from the others as in different from us as another species?”
Hawk answered “Does this explains my abilities to see in the dark, along with not seeing colors but just of life including fly twisting in the air?” 
Oak spoke “Yes, it does and you must go to the Forbidden Isle, Island of Dragon Drums for I hear them calling for you.” 
Hawk groaned in disgust.
Oak continued “You must travel by earth way to the Isle.” 
Saying this he got up and left the hut with Hawk following him. Outside the hut Panther and Lion followed Hawk as usual towards the cliff wall where Panther and Lion came out. Oak stood next to the cliff wall and gestured towards the opening. Hawk with stick in hand went in with the duo following him. He reached a muddy cavern and then Panther and Lion went into the ground as if quicksand. Hawk followed them. The trio surfaced at a sandy beach facing the Forbidden Island. Hawk remembered the Banshees driving him and his people off an island and traveling by raft on the seas of the ocean to land he was on. A bubble appeared in front of him and then faded revealing a raft made of some special material strange to his touch. He saw as Panther and Lion walk on the raft and stood watching him. Hawk walked to stand on the raft and waiting as the raft moved and entered the water drifting to the Forbidden Isle by current. He watched the star filled sky as the raft moved gliding over the water towards the Isle. Reaching the beach the raft hit the Isle with a thump. 
Hawk watched as the sun rose and then spoke to Panther and Lion “Come, we must travel to the cliff walls.”

The jungles called with life but Hawk was very cautious as his position in the lead with Panther and Lion copying him and following him. A path formed in front of Hawk as he followed the path, drums sounded. He sensed that they were being followed but he couldn’t tell what the creature was. When the sun was high in the sky, he reached the cliff walls. Panther pointed with her stick to the wall where cat like creatures were peering out of small cave entrances. They bared their long fangs and one of them rattled a tail like a snake. Hawk seeing what she saw and frowned. He heard a hiss behind him coming from Panther. He looked at Panther who was staring at the snake cat creature hissing some language. The snake cats hissed back but went into their caves. One of them jumped down and rubbed its head on Panther’s leg that bent down and rubbed the head with her hand. Hawk pulled his stick behind him and started climbing the cliff wall with Lion and Panther following him. Reaching the top of the cliff wall to the summit, the trio stood looking around. There Hawk saw the Isle as far as he could see and saw that it was huge. Looking around he could see jungles, forests lakes and water falling of a cliff wall. Hawk heard a Banshee scream coming from the forest below him. He cautiously walked on the cliff walking towards a dead end which was water falling off a cliff to a big pond and then another waterfall towards a smaller pond. Hawk looked behind them to see forms of hooded figures. He waited as they raised a circular object and darts flying at them. Hawk grabbed Lion and Panther and then jumped into the waterfall as darts flying behind them. On the small pond’s shore two figures stood watching as the trio reached the shore. They stood and watched as the trio got out of the water. Panther sounded the alarm with her stick by flashing electricity at the figures. Hawk turned to see a Banara with a tall female warrior who had two horns out of her thick curly hair with a small horn on her nose like the Banara. She stood with her Banara tail wrapped around her waist. 
The female spoke “I am called Lenna.” 
The male Banara spoke “I am called Slovak. Come there’s danger everywhere.” 
Hawk spoke “I grew up on this island, I remember being given the name Hawk.” 
Then Lenna and Slovak went into the earth. Panther and Lion moved their hands signaling Hawk to do the same which Hawk obeyed. They went seen a hooded figure stood up from the bushes and spoke to his wrist as a blue beam of light surrounded the figure and the light went up in the sky. Then the figure reached a grey room and walked towards a hall. The large doors opened sliding open revealing the high council with Jupiter sitting on the throne. 
Jupiter asked “What have you found out, Sakul?”
The Sakul spoke “Lord Jupiter, High Council, there are newcomers to the Forbidden Isle.” 
The Sakul pulled out a device from his wrist and clicked on. It showed the three figures, Hawk, Panther, and Lion meeting the two figures Lenna and Slovak. Then the device clicked as Lenna and Slovak’s form was distorted changing into Sakul.
Jupiter slowly stood up from the throne with his wife Uranus standing next him. 
Jupiter spoke “No that is impossible.” 
Venus sitting in a chair next to a table with others the priest stood up and spoke “Not impossible. The Hadea lives” referring to Hawk a member of the Hadea.
Then she sat down as the Sakul left the room. 
Jupiter ordered “I want that Hadea and the two with him ceased to exist.”
He walked down the steps of the throne room with the council following him. Venus sat where she sat with the priests who sat with her. Venus remembered that since the regime of Jupiter arrived in the form of Set, her husband’s brother she noticed that he was relying more and more on the advisers who were figures dressed in hooded robes like the Sakul. She remembered that the Sakul’s home world Rakcara was having a celebration of when the planet finished a cycle which was a circle around the sun, the species of each race would come by gate to the stadium with their global planetary flag. The stadium was shaped with a walkway of an oval. Venus remembered that each race would walk halfway down the oval and the flag bearer would stand between two small cauldrons facing the high council. The cauldrons would light signaling an invitation to the High Council. She noticed that lately that the Humanian flag had failed to light up the cauldrons and Jupiter would laugh at them scorning them. Then the cauldron burning behind the High Council went out for the first time in cycles. 
She remembered Jupiter spoke announcing “There is a prophecy that a great war will come caused by a species dubbing themselves Humans. The priests have discovered that this prophecy won’t come true if all Humans are dead.” 
Venus wanted to stand up and protest this lie but she kept her mouth shut and wished that there was a way to prevent this from happening. Venus groaned to the memory. She remembered the high council meeting on Edenia where Edenia herself greeted them. 
Jupiter spoke “There are stories that Edenia is being a sanctuary to Humans which is illegal according to the laws of the High council.” 
Edenia sarcastically spoke “You think I have something to do with this?”
Jupiter spoke “Consider you warned.” 
As a Sakul appeared and fired darts at Edenia who grimaced in pain as she spoke “Prophecy! Rakcar will see the land but one will be blind.” 
She went into the earth as drums sounded and there was a roaring sound along with lightening flashed then a green door appeared and a woman came out. Her dress was the same as Edenia but her hair was long blonde with pointed ears and green eyes who spoke “There are species here who hide for the fear of ancient perils who will use their power as weapons in a great war. “
Jupiter demanded “Who are you?”
The woman in green spoke “No who are you really?” 
Then she turned and walked into the forest. 
Jupiter spoke “Drat, that servant posing as a High Council member. Who does she think she is?”
Mars spoke “Your secret that your murdered Osiris and Mesen will be known.” 
Venus at the moment hoped that her son was still alive to live to avenge the deaths of Osiris and Mesen.

Lenna and Slovak led the trio to a cavern where a Sakul stood there with gun holstered along with several other warriors behind him watching the trio. 
The Sakul spoke “Jupiter the trap has sprung.” 
As warriors grabbed Hawk who looked to see a hooded figure with a knife and threw it at him. Hawk fell to the ground dreaming as his body went slack pretending death. Lenna and Slovak changed their forms to Sakuls who were hooded with knives around their waist. They stood watching Panther and Lion who went into the ground as if in pain. Then a green door appeared and it opened to reveal Edenia who demanded to the Sakul “Why did you do this?”
One of the Sakul replied “Nothing will stand in the way of eternal life forever.” 
Then they disappeared as Edenia in as a ghost appeared floating above Hawk. 
She reached and pulled the knife from Hawk’s body speaking “Rise up Berro Hydeo, High Lord, and leader of your species.”
Then Hawk now Berro Hydeo woke up and stood as Panther and Lion came up from the mud. They stood watching Berro as a purple circle appeared around the trio as they fell asleep standing. 
In the dream a Dragon Drum appeared looking exactly like Berro spoke “I bear news from the Dragon Queen Arena. She says you are to come immediately to the Canyon of Gates.”
Then Berro with Lion and Panther walked out of the cave into the forest beyond. The forest opened in front of them as if forming a path but resumed their positions after the trio passed. Berro reached the Canyon of Gates to see a large canyon gorge with metal like circles in the walls of the canyon. Each flashed white on and off. They stood and waited as Arena with the Dragon Drums arrived. 
Arena spoke “The two who stand with you Berro came from a planet called Meritania that was ruled by a great ruler, a High Lord.” 
Nefari came up from the earth looking older with grey in her hair and she wore a cape over her sleeveless dress she wore. 
She spoke “I believe it is time for Berro to take his place as High Lord.” 
Arena spoke “We must present a challenge to Set called Jupiter.” 
She nodded to Nefari who pulled the cape off of her. It was a flag. She handed the flag in a pole to Lion who held it then pointed to a gate in front of them. Then Panther and Lion entered the gate and disappeared. 

On Rakcara, the festival started as species entered with flags of their planet and stood between the torches waiting as a small cauldron in front of the torches lit telling a tale like a prophecy of the species. The festival would get new species that would be declared under High Council rule. A new species from a place called Meritania a water world arrived for the first time. Hundreds of species in the stadium stood to welcome them peacefully. The Meritanians with their striped green and white hair had white skin and black eyes, with webbed hands and feet came. They came to the stadium packed tightly for hidden among them was a Humanian flag. Their flag bearer a female declared that they should be able to chose who they wish to join sides with. Then the two torches lit up and the prophecy cauldron showed their home world looking more different. Then the Meritanians walked the rest of the oval to pull out a flag of Humania and waved it by their tallest member. They abruptly left the stadium by the gates as a stewing Jupiter sat and watched. 
Venus stood up and declared “As prophesied Meritania has declared themselves and eternal alliance of Humania.” 
Then the gate keeper cried “Entry location Edenia!”
The crowd went silent as two figures came out of the gate, and they were male holding the flag of Humania and female with pointed ears and tan skin and different colored eyes.
Jupiter spoke “I’ve seen them before.” 
A Rakcar dressed in military garb of green came charging at the male and female with darts from a gun that simply deflected the darts with their sticks. The two walked to the torches cauldron that lit up despite Jupiter’s grumbling. 
The prophecy cauldron showed a planet with the word “Terrania”. 
Then the two turned and walked towards the forbidden gate behind them and entered it with a Rakcar following them. An alarm sounded from the council, Jupiter stood up and looked at Mars whose head was bowed like he was asleep. 
Jupiter spoke “The eternal sleep has claimed Mars.” 
Then a door next to the council seats opened showing white hooded figures carrying a coffin. 
Jupiter gasped out “The Samol!” 
Four of the hooded figures came and lifted Mars into the coffin and walked away chanting “Earth we rest, Earth we lay, dust to dust, ashes to ashes and Earth we go home.” 
Then the Samol walked towards the door still chanting and went inside followed by Edenia who got up from her seat. 

In the moon Edenia, in the Canyon of Gates, Lion and Panther returned with the Rakcar who took off the helmet the Rakcar was wearing. Berro gasped to see the Rakcar was a female version of himself, but she had wings and bowed to Berro.
Berro asked “Why did you follow my two guards Lion and Panther?” 
While pointing to Lion and Panther as the female spoke “Your scent was on those two and I wanted to escape from the brain washing of the High Council, I am called Valera.” 
Arena spoke “You are the Valera equal to High Lord Berro Hydeo for you shall be his wife and mate.”
As a purple door came and opened revealing Edenia who spoke “Death has claimed Mars. The death of the council comes.” 
The Dragon Drums bounced up and down drumming in code which Berro understood to say “Earth we rest, Earth we lay, dust to dust, ashes to ashes and Earth we go home.” 
Arena spoke “Edenia is healed and calls to you.” 
As Edenia bowed with Berro and Valera she gestured towards a gate in the wall which flashed white. 
She spoke “Berro and Valera with your guards go thru that gate and you’ll reach people who oppose Jupiter’s evil rule.” 
They went into the gate and reached a forest with bushes around. Scarily Berro took a step when the bushes flatten revealed people who had their weapons aimed at them. Lion and Panther flashed their sticks at the people. Berro took a look to see that they had pointed ears like him but their eyes were the same as Panther and Lion. They were wearing clothes that seemed identical to Valera, pants, top and a cape. 
Berro held his hands up and spoke “Who are you and why do you treat your allies like this?”
He saw as the Humanoids looked at each other and then sheathed their weapons. One of them went to a tree and pressed a hand onto the tree. The tree moved aside rumbling as if it was alive showing a hole in the ground. The warrior gestured to follow him, Berro with Valera besides him followed by duo Lion and Panther thru the hole. They went down some steps to a large cavern where beings like Panther and Lion stood watching him enter with Valera. One of them came forward. 
He saw the figure was a female who spoke “I am Admiral Lynn, Leader of the Human Rebel group to destroy Jupiter for it was he who spread this lie about Humans being the cause of a prophesied Great War. They killed the Humans who were there at the games but left me alive to go back to tell my people this.” 
She was interrupted by a siren sound. 
“Oh” She said, “what the Gods is going on?”
Panther and Lion walked towards the entrance to the cave and stood glaring as a Human came running down the steps. Abruptly he was zapped by the sticks of the duo who showed the Humans to be a Sakul. The Sakul burst into a ball of fire and ashes fell where the Sakul was. 
Admiral Lynn spoke “why have you brought the Sakul here Valera?”
Valera grumbled out loud “Stupid Shadonian, I forgot about my clothes are bringing them here. I need to-”
At the moment she was interrupted as Humans grabbed her and hauled her to the entrance. 
Berro spoke “I’ll go with her for she is my mate and will help her get rid of the clothes also if the Sakul attacks don’t worry Sirus and Tyree will protect you.” 
He meant Lion and Panther. 
Admiral Lynn pointed to a tent and spoke “Change in there.”
Then she yelled “Man alarms! Set positions! Now!” 
The Humans ran to stand with guns cocking at the entrance to the cave. In the hut Berro helped Valera take off her clothes. He could see that she had large Dragon like wings on upper back while sticking out of her lower back was a thick tail and her legs were bent with claws of a Dragon. Berro grabbed some clothes around them in the hut and gave it to Valera who put them on. They were an animal skin skirt and a sleeveless top that covered her chest. Berro gave her a cape which she put on and over her horns above her pointed ears was a headband that covered them. Then Valera put a hand on Berro’s eyes and closed them. He dreamed of walking up the stairs thru the tree that stubbornly refused to move for the Sakul. He watched as the Sakul glided like ghosts throwing darts from round things in their hands at the tree who refused to move. He could see the sky was stormy with rumbling and was turning day on and off. He walked to wards the gate in the clearing where Sakul came out in puffs of purple light. 
He walked towards the gate and waved his hand and spoke “You will be closed.” 
Then the gate closed by crumbling itself. Then Berro turned to walk when he saw a Rakcar lying on the ground. He bent to look at the Rakcar when something behind him glowed and the Sakul stopped attacking the tree. Berro crouched by the Rakcar and waited as the thing behind him glowed brighter and brighter. He watched as the Sakul screamed and disappeared in clouds of fire. Berro bent to pick up the Rakcar when he found himself standing in a circle where outside the circle were people were standing in a mist that distorted his eyesight. 
He heard a voice speak “Who are you?”
Berro replied “I am Berro Hydeo, High Lord.” 
A figure came forward and Berro gasped in disgust. The figure had round ears, long hair that framed the face and hair growing on the face. The figure was dressed like a Sakul with a hooded cloak. 
Berro remembered Oak saying to him one night when he was younger “There’s a race calling themselves First One, one of the races who claimed to create all races. They claimed to come from the Mediterranean Galaxy. They are said to live on a planet called Earth. They are said to have left behind destruction of death on planetary worlds but were driven out thru the gates and forbidden to return.” 
Berro also remember Oak telling him “Don’t make alliances with First Ones for they will betray you for their own purposes and that they will bring the Great War as prophesied.”
Berro narrowed his all white eyes and asked “What do you want?”
The First One spoke “Your alliance to us, First Ones.” 
Berro answered “Why? What will you do to require my services?”
The First One he recognized to be a part of the species spoke “You will go to the games and announce your alliance to the First Ones.” 
Berro groaned out “Fine.” 
Then he was back in the hut with a concerned Valera standing next to him as she spoke “You were having a vision.” 
Berro replied “What do you know of a species called First One?”
At that moment they were interrupted by Admiral Lynn who came and said “You should come and see this.” 
Then they followed her out of the hut tent. At the entrance was a Rakcar, who was sitting on the ground back to the cave wall. Panther and Lion had their staffs flashing lightening at the Rakcar. 
Admiral Lynn told Berro and Valera “This Rakcar was found unconscious at the gate area and the gate was crumbled.” 
Berro spoke “Valera, You should be fluent in Rakcar to speak to him”
Valera gave the Rakcar a swat of her tail and the Rakcar moaned awake. His green head with ridges on his fore head and holes for ears were at the side of his head opened. He opened his eyes and they were blank as he waved his hands unseeing. 
Valera spoke in Rakcaran “Who are you?”
The Rakcar spoke “Hello? Why is it dark in here?”
Admiral Lynn told Valera “Tell him it is said that the Rakcar will be blind whenever they are on Edenia.” 
Valera repeated her words in Rakcaran.
The Rakcar gasped out “No! No!”
And started flailing his arms then he stopped and spoke in Admiral Lynn's language “Oh Set! Jupiter shouldn’t have ordered the Council member Edenia’s death.” 
Admiral Lynn spoke “She lives healed by the soil of Edenia.”
The Rakcar spoke “Who are you?”
Admiral Lynn said “I am called Admiral Lynn, Rebel leader of the Humans, who are you?”
The Rakcar spoke “The name is Norok. Several of the high council members have died so far. Jupiter doesn’t seem to care about their deaths, for I hear stories are he is seeking immortality.” 
He felt several hands help him up as he continued speaking “The games are still continuing as ordered by Jupiter despite the death of some of the High Council members. There are also executions of First Ones along with some species called Human.” 
Berro stared with shock as the Rakcar, Norok continued talking “I could not stand watching them being executed so I stood up and protested. I should have kept my mouth shut. Jupiter had me exiled to Edenia as a result and a new Pharaoh installed to suit him. Bah.” 
Valera spoke “You’re the Pharaoh ruler of Rakcar?”
Norok answered “Yes but I was jailed for a few days before I was exiled to Edenia, which explains my clothes.” 
Berro saw that Norok was wearing a robe. 
Norok added “After sent to jail I was visited by those dreadful First Ones I recognized to be Humans who insisted about something to have an alliance with them. Ugh, I refused and then the guards came and hauled me to a gate where I found myself in a forest with the Sakul and was blinded by some great light the shined too bright and fell unconscious where I came to, to tell you my story.” 
Berro asked Admiral Lynn “What do you know of the race called First Ones?”
Admiral Lynn stared at him and spoke waving her arms at his face. “First Ones are the enemy. It is they who are responsible for Humans’ exile. There’s one story about a prophecy that says that they will cause the Great War.” 
She looked around her rebel army and exhaled air. 
She spoke “Enough of that talk lets gets some rest. That’s an order.” 
Her comrades obeyed her orders and helped Norok to a tent. Berro felt Valera take his left arm and he let her lead him to a tent where she closed the tent flap. 
She glared at him eyes narrowing “Why are you asking about First Ones?” she asked him. 
“My vision had First Ones with the appearance of Humans in it.” He answered. 
Valera spoke “I’ve heard of them and they bring famine, plague, sword and death where they go.” 
Berro wanted to say more but Valera with a flick of her tail swatted Berro till he was lying on the ground on top of a blanket. 
“What are you up to Valera?” he asked.
Valera lay next to him and spoke “No more questions, it’s time to sleep” 
They both heard a sound of a whine as the lights from the lamps outside the tents dimmed and went out.

Norok woke with a start for he felt himself being carried by stretcher and he heard snatches of conversation. He assumed came from the Humanians' species. Then the stretcher stopped and lowered to the ground. Norok wobbly got up. He felt two Humanians grip his shoulders as he settled himself to stand. He wondered where they were. Berro stood next to him looking at the Canyon of Gates they were in. Berro waited with Admiral Lynn. She unfurled a flag of Humania and stood waiting with holding it. Then they heard a Dragon roar as a Dragon came from the sky. It landed in front of Berro and Admiral Lynn. Berro saw that it was Arena the Dragon ruler.
Arena spoke “It is time for Humania to enter the games.” 
Admiral Lynn spoke “Yes I agree.” 
Arena spoke “You will enter by Meritania, for they have declared an eternal alliance with Human where they will take you to Rakcara home world. It is prophesied that Jupiter will die by the son of his brother’s hand.” 
Admiral Lynn spoke “The son of Osiris.”
Arena confirmed “Yes, son of Osiris.” 
Admiral Lynn frowned and asked “Arena of Dragons, shall we enter the gate?”
Arena gestured with her clawed hands and raised her tail and a gate flashed purple on the canyon wall in front of them. 
“Enter.” She said “They won’t forget the lie, you know.” 
Saying this she flew up in the air with Berro confused, watching Admiral Lynn who looked annoyed. She absentmindedly scratched her right ear. Berro looked away and pulled a mask on his face as Valera did the same. Then shaking her head Admiral Lynn walked towards the gate with Berro in a cloak following her. At his side was Valera and behind them were Panther and Lion. Following them was the Human army. 

They entered a tunnel in and came out of the entrance to a stadium that was domed. Meritanians with their all colored eyes and stripy hair stood with an aisle between them. Admiral Lynn led the way as Meritanians bowed and waved their finned hands in front of them chanting in their foreign language. The aisle curved to reach a stone door on a platform with writing of the ancients was on it. A Meritanian stood wearing a white robe there next to the door waiting. 
The Meritanian bowed to Admiral Lynn and spoke “I am Jon, welcome to Meritania, Admiral.” 
Admiral Lynn spoke “I am honored to be here.” 
Jon knocked on the door and a voice rang of the Gate Keeper a species who controlled the gateways from the door “Who goes to Rakcara host of the High Council's games?”
Jon spoke voice ranging “Meritania!”
Then the door opened showing whiteness and Jon gestured to Admiral Lynn to go through with him. She held out the flag and walked together with Jon as the others followed them 

On Rakcara, the Gate keeper voice yelled “Entry from Meritania!”
Jupiter mumbled to himself “They better stop this eternal alliance to Human nonsense.” 
At that moment he cut himself off when he saw that a Meritanian had entered with a Humanian holding a flag.
Enraged Jupiter yelled “By what domain Meritania dares to bring Humanians into the games?”
The crowd of species murmured insults at the two. Instead of answering his question Admiral Lynn and Jon kept walking followed by a masked Berro with a masked Valera covered with a hooded cape and following them were Panther and Lion with the Humanian army. They kept walking till they reached a line of Sakul blocking their way. Their dart guns were aimed at them. Berro felt eyes on him and Valera but turned around and faced an enraged Jupiter sitting on the throne with several council members. Berro could see that a few chairs were empty. Valera stood next to him watching and waiting with them the guards Lion and Panther who walked to stand besides them. 
Berro heard Admiral Lynn whisper “It’s all yours Berro.” 
Berro spoke “We have domain over Meritania and Humania.” 
Jupiter scoffed “Oh really?”
Admiral Lynn smirked for standing in front of Jupiter acting as guards were both pointy eared, but one had purple skin, a Shadonian stood next to a male version of Valera, a Qutaran but his skin was cloud colored and he had night hair with all black eyes. 
Admiral Lynn went to stand behind Berro and whispered to him “Call those two Solaran and Lunaran and claim that they created you for help against the First Ones.” 
Berro took off his mask and Valera did the same baring her wings as Jupiter, the council and the crowd gasped. 
Jupiter asked out “What species are you?”
Admiral Lynn notice that the Shadonian and the Qutaran were looking at each other, then at Berro and Valeria. 
Admiral Lynn smirked and whispered words to Berro who spoke them “We are called Shadonia. We were created by the Lunaran and the Solaran, the two who stand before you High Council. For the First Ones as their called actual name of Human are the enemy, responsible for the Great War as prophesied.” 
The crowd stood up gasping and yelling shouting words. Jupiter sat back and noticed the nod on Admiral Lynn’s head. Venus saw that nod and realized that there was trickery here. 
Jupiter thought “She has done her work well for immortality will be achieved.”
He sat in the chair watching the crowd screaming and saw Venus get up from the seat and walk towards him. Uranus stood up and blocked Venus’ way. They stood nearly nose to nose.
Uranus heard Venus say in her ear despite the noise of the crowd “You knew my son was Human and did this to destroy him.”
Uranus walked to Jupiter who leaned forward glaring at Venus and whispered her words to Jupiter who got up and pointed a finger and waved his hand as if dismissal. Venus turned around and walked down the steps and walked around the oval pass the Humanian army and Admiral Lynn. Admiral Lynn ignored her then Venus blinked her eyes to see that it was Nefena who stood as Admiral Lynn. Venus walked towards the Sakul who stood in a line and facing her. Some silent communication passed between them and Jupiter that they turned to their sides and walked towards the crowd in two lines. Venus walked to the two cauldrons and saw two Sakul blocked the way. One pointed to the gate behind her which was the forbidden gate said to go to the Mediterranean Galaxy. 
Venus whispered “I prophesied that the Humans will be equal to all and will be the means to end the Great War.” 
Turning to the gate she turned and a white light flashed from the gate. The crowd went silent as they watched Venus entered the gate in a flash of white light and disappeared.
Jupiter spoke “Granted I reverse the order of Humania being responsible for the prophesied Great War, for it is Humans of Earth is the ancient Enemy. We shall find their home world and destroy it and bring to the end of the Human race. “ 
Just then the Gate keeper yelled “Entry, location unknown!”
The crowd went silent as a giant ball of fire came out and reverted to reveal a tall figure, a male, in black wearing pants that clung to his muscular legs and feet. Manacles were on his wrists and there was a thick vest that covered his chest showing a hint of muscles and on his face was a mask that covered his entire face and neck. His eyes were golden orbs glowing from the mask covering his face and his hair was long and around his face. 
Jupiter spoke “State your name!”
A deep voice spoke from the figure obviously masculine “The name is Hades and welcome to Hell.”

Hades stood there watching the natives take stock of him. He walked forward, arms at his sides towards Berro who stood with Valera. 
Then the voice of the Gate Keeper yelled “Entry, location Unknown!”
The gated doorway flashed open as a ball of fire came thru and reverted to show a tall male figure. Berro saw that the figure had pants with ropes around the ankles, a vest with markings on it with sleeves. There were ropes around the wrists and on the male’s upper half of the face was a half mask that covered the eyes which appeared to be orbs shining thru the mask. His lower half his mouth was bare an in a scowl. On his head was a triangle domed hat. 
Berro heard Hades speak “So they sent you to check up on me, bell head.” 
The figure spoke snarling “Hades, the name is Aiden and not bell head.”
Aiden stomped forward towards Hades who stood growling at him. 
Berro sensing a fight between these two beings abruptly spoke “I call forth, Luna, Daughter of Earth! Come forth Luna, Daughter of Earth!”
As Aiden reached Berro and Hades, a circle of green appeared in front of Berro besides Hades and Luna came up and covering the entire body was a robe with a hood covering the entire face. 
Berro spoke “Speak! Luna, Daughter of Earth! Be silent no more! Speak!”
A singing voice spoke from Luna speaking “Why did you call me? For you have no domain calling me!”
Berro replied “Tell us about the Humans who live on Earth where you orbit.” 
Luna spoke singing “What is there to tell?”
One of the High Council members spoke “Tell us or suffer the consequences.” 
Luna instead of answering walked forward towards Berro while looking at Hades growling.
Then Luna stood in front of Berro and sang “You’ll leave my people alone for you have been warned.” 
Then Luna walked thru Berro as if a ghost and stood next to Admiral Lynn. 
Luna sang “You, Admiral Nefena Lynn, will suffer the consequences of your lies.” 
Admiral Lynn spat spitting at Luna who kept walking. A signal from Jupiter and the Sakul stood in Luna’s way with their dart guns drawn. 
Luna sang “You dare to harm me?”
Jupiter spoke “I have domain to destroy the Humans for it is they who will cause this great war which we hope to avoid.” 
Luna turned and faced Jupiter singing “Seek the Earth as you wish, but beware. The Humans won’t forget this accusation.” 
Luna sang and turned to face the Sakul who fired their dart weapons at Luna. 
The darts to the Sakuls’ shock went thru Luna like a ghost standing there. Luna walked towards the Sakul who separated in two lines and walked away. Then Luna walked to the Forbidden Gate and entered it with a flash of lightening and was gone. 
One of the guards standing in front of the High Council, purple skin, with white hair and white eyes spoke in a female voice “You have done your part well, High Lord of Shadonia for the monitors have shown the location of Earth, the Human home world for I, Onia of Luneran welcome you.”
The other guard with cloud skin, black hair and black eyes with a body like Valera spoke in a male voice “I, Shad of Solaran agree and welcome you.” 
Then they both bowed with heads forward.
Jupiter spoke “State your species Aiden and Hades.”
Hades stood and folded his arms across his chest and spoke “You tell them, Aiden.”
Aiden spoke “We are Drainers, people who drink your essence that gives life in the bodies of all except.” 
Pointing at Berro and Valeria “Those of Shadonia, whose essence poisons us for we will serve them alone.” 
Aiden bowed to Berro and Valera and heard Hades growl and Aiden spoke “Don’t make a fit, Hades.” 
Hades instead of answering put his arms down and walked passed Berro and Valera. 
Aiden stood watching as Hades walked around the oval towards the doorway gate on the other side. The gate flashed as Hades walked through. 
Aiden walked towards Berro and Valera and stood in front of them speaking “High Lord, I await your command.”
Jupiter spoke “Let’s adjourn to travel to the Human home world Earth and teach these meddlesome Humans or as we call them First Ones, a lesson.” 
Saying this he got up and strode towards the gate as a voice of Norok speaking ranging loudly “I see the First Ones living in secret hidden, waiting for the day to come when they will be equal in the eyes of all.” 
Jupiter turned around and spoke “Norok, First Ones will never be equal.” 
Then he strode into the gate with the other High Council members following behind. 
Norok thought to himself as he was being escorted with the Humanians out of the stadium “Oh your wrong, Jupiter. Dead wrong, for they won’t forget this, for one of the races will see them as allies.” 

As the sun began to lower in the sky Tala sighed from the scene to find herself back in her body facing Isis dressed in robe of white and blood striped colors facing her. 
She frowned eyeing Isis who spoke "You care to show me your kingdom Edenia?"
Tala obeyed showed Isis a tour of Edenia. 
Then Isis spoke “Lets use our High Council names. I am called Venus while you’re called Edenia.” 
Edenia spoke “Your son Horus, Venus, is now called by a different name for there are spies of ancient evil and good who have purposes to use him.” 
Venus spoke “Very well.” 
As a dragon drum came up from the ground and Edenia spoke “The Dragon Drums are inviting you to my home in the Isles.” 
Taking Venus’ hand they both went into the ground and came up on the shore of the ocean. Venus stood watching with wonder at the ocean. Venus felt that she wanted to put her hand in the ocean and step into it. 
Edenia gripped Venus’ hand with a force and spoke “The planet Edenia has hidden dangers and it’s not safe to explore without my help.” 
Then a bubble appeared from the ocean and sat in front of them. Edenia pulled Venus’ hand and entered the bubble with her. 
Venus spoke “Beautiful sights, would the planet be open?”
Edenia spoke “No, the natives want to live alone in peace minding their business than be bothered by others in space.” 
The bubble took them underwater. 
Venus spoke “Where is the prophetic one that foretells to bring a baby to Edenia the heir to a throne?” 
Edenia spoke “I can not tell you that for I am sworn.” 
Venus exhaled air and asked again “What about my son, you mentioned him?”
Edenia replied “The gate to the Mediterranean opens for the prophecy says: When a peril, so great comes bringing death. The gates of the ancient race that defeated the enemies and knows the answer of the stone wall, will come and one again the great war.”
Then Venus looked away and discovered that Tala had disappeared and she was surrounded by blue light rising over the forests towards space beyond. She found herself back into a room that was grey all around with a light shining on her. Then the light shut off and she saw the High Council standing there watching her. 
Mars spoke “Venus is you all right? What did Edenia say to you?” 
Venus replied slowly “Nothing but she told me of a prophecy of a great war.” 
“War!” Mars exclaimed. 
Venus spoke “No a peril that an ancient race from the Mediterranean Galaxy defeated long ago. An ancient race, that knows the answer to the stone wall, comes.” 
As she heard a rumble and the priest Venus recognized to Xan came running speaking “Planet Humania, is beginning to finish its orbit around the sun before entering the gate.” 
Venus wasn’t confused because she was told before that Humania was a sort of planet that traveled through space like a living entity. The High Council assembled into the throne room where Set as Jupiter sat with Uranus. He was watching the monitors floating in front of him. 
Jupiter spoke “Why is Humania fading in and out?”
The priest Xan spoke again “Humania holds the entrance to the gateways. Our object is to the First Ones' Galaxy. Humania will leave Edenia for some time leaving the doors to the gates open, how long is dependant on Humania.”
He added “The First Ones' Galaxy is where a race of war called Human lives that we must destroy to prevent this great war from happening. “ 
Then the rumblings increased, as the galaxy surrounding Humania which purple lights appeared in place of stars. Venus saw on the monitors in the room as more and more space ships of all sizes and designs came. They assembled waiting as Humania faded in and out.

Part three: Earth
John a Human man of his twenty eight years with a tall height of six feet closed the book shut. He rubbed a hand through his long blond hair that fell like a mane around his head. He stood up and stared at his wife Samantha a pale blond woman, lay sleeping on a bed in the hospital room. In her arms was a baby, his son, who the One named Jason. John sighed and frowned as he got up to look out the window. It was the year of the United States of America’s birthday, July fourth the bicentennial. Outside it was dark of the sky John could see fireworks were already flashing in the sky.  He sighed and frowned looking at his sleeping wife. She lay sleeping clutching baby Jason. John stood watching her, and looked at his wrist where a timepiece read one o'clock in the morning. He frowned knowing that Jason would soon be taken away. He also remembered being told that Jason was created for a program chosen as astronauts for a project called by the letter N for reasons unknown. This was a talent chosen children created in the womb were used to be born as astronauts. The scientists of project N were working together trying to create technology for space travel and that included creating people.
“Space Stations” John thought remembering the Soviet Union sending a man in space hence the birth of project N, where top American Scientists were busy working in the facility in a town called Wolf's Howl in the state of New York. 
He heard his wife Samantha cry out “No, No!” 
He didn’t need to look to see Mrs. Groundwater, a woman with tan skin and a white streak of skunk in her hair leave the room taking Jason with her. John sighed and wondered about what life Jason would have growing up in secret in a facility never knowing his parents. 

Years later, Jason age eight wondered who his parents were. His long blond hair fell like a lion mane unknowingly inherited by his Father. His eyes were blue. He sighed and looked at the other children around his age sleeping in bunk beds. There were nine of them and each was paired off, male and female except Jason was the odd person out. The top bunk of his bed was empty. Jason lay on the lower bunk thinking of who he be paired with. Jason sighed and pulled the grey blanket up. The room was large and gray with ten bunk beds, here the children would woke up early by the lights turning on and Mrs. Groundwater would come entering the room shaking the children awake. Jason was always up with expectation on his face as he saw Mrs. Groundwater but she always comes alone. The children put on blue sweat coveralls and follow Mrs. Groundwater in her trade mark sweat suits out the room in two lines with Jason last following to another room which was the cafeteria with tables and chairs all of the same gray metal. The children would sit always paired off eating their foods. After eating they would follow Mrs. Groundwater towards and elevator which would take them up to a big room that was high in the ceiling with the color red. Here was physical exercise with mats for tumbling and exercises along with limbering led by Mrs. Groundwater. Then after that the children would follow her to a room with desks where they would learn their lessons from another woman Tutor Tova who had a streak of white in her hair and looked exactly like Mrs. Groundwater but she dressed in dresses that bared her legs. Jason sighed remembering this. It was the same everyday with no break in between. Jason turned onto his side and frowned staring at the wall. He wondered when there’ll be a friend for him. 

One day Mrs. Groundwater came in normally with a bit of a smile on her face when she saw Jason. Jason wondered if it was one of their holidays where they get a day of fun. Mrs. Groundwater instead of taking them to physical exercise she took them to classroom.
Tutor Tova came in and spoke “Class, we’re getting a newcomer who’ll be paired with Jason.” 
Looking at Jason she added “The newcomer is a girl and she has a hearing disability which means she is deaf, another way of saying that she cannot hear sounds.” 
Jason frowned and thought “A girl who’s deaf?” 
Tutor Tova added breaking his thoughts “Her name is Kimberly.” 
Jason raised his hand; Tutor Tova spoke “Yes Jason?” 
Jason asked “When is she coming?”
Tutor Tova replied “In awhile, she has to go through quarantine to come here.” 
Jason groaned and the others opened their books.
During the lesson Jason had a hard time focusing while wondering about Kimberly. He caught the other kids looking at him from peering at the sides of their eyes. 

In another room a man sat wearing black with his all black hair reading a book file, His name plate on his left breast of his black jacket read “Broderick”. 
The file he was holding in his hand was labeled “Kimberly”. 
He read to himself “Kimberly Blue Zulyn was born to Austin Zulyn an engineer and Ellen Blue a radical environmentalist of Native American descendant, born July sixth. Her mother went into a coma before Kimberly was born, reason unknown, made Kimberly deaf and Ellen died as a result. Austin disappeared with child Kimberly.”
Broderick frowned and thought to himself thinking about Austin. 
He continued reading the file “Austin went to a small town in Canada and took a job as a mechanic of a small car mechanic shop.” 
He thought frowning and turned on a TV screen. The camera flicked to show a girl child about eight years old in her white underwear sitting on a bench in a white room. The child had pale skin of her father and black hair of her mother. Her brown eyes searched the room wondering while struggling not to cry. Kim sat there with electronics attached to her head and arms. She was frowning and sat swinging her legs while sitting on a bench apparently lost in thought. Broderick wondered what she was thinking about. 

Kimberly thought about her father one day came home from the mechanic shop. She was seven years old.
He signed with his hands to her using her nickname “Kim Blue, guess what?”
Kim spoke using her voice “What?” 
As Austin with dark black hair ran and picked up his daughter and swung her around. 
He signed “We’re going to America!” 
Kim signed with her hands “What about our friends?” 
Austin sighed and signed “Our friends have moved on to other towns and some when to America. I already sold the shop and we’re moving immediately because I got a job in New York City.” 
Kim spoke “What about packing our things?” 
Austin spoke with her lip reading “I already did some packing for you. Don’t worry about that.”
Kim frowned and thought it sure explained why she couldn’t find her stuffed toy and those big things in the living room of the three room apartment. Kim frowned as he took her hand and led them outside to a taxi cab with both suitcases. The ride to the air port was interesting but Kim fell asleep and was carried onto the small chartered plane. Once in the air Kim forgot her worries about the new city and looked out the window of the small plane. 

On the screen Broderick looked at Kim sitting on the bench looking around the room with boredom on her face. 
Broderick sighed and remembered receiving a phone call from someone with a male voice speaking “John Jones here, I’ve sighted the engineer with his progeny boarding a small plane. Flight plan is to New York City. As files indicate the child is deaf judging from the hand signs he used to talk to her.” 
He also remembered the phone call, it was apparent that Austin didn’t agree to have Kim in their program despite their offers of money. Arranging the job offer in New York City was one of his skills to get closer to Austin and his daughter. He recalled himself even arranging for their lodgings at the apartments in one of the poorest neighborhoods. It was where Austin worked. He grimaced recalling himself even arranged for a hooded punk to take out Austin as he walked home from work during the night. The punk Broderick mused to himself was really one of their agents, sighing and frowned as he stared at the screen. The door to the black room opened and he swiveled his chair around to face Mrs. Groundwater. 
“Report” Broderick said. 
Mrs. Groundwater answered “Subject Kim wasn’t easy to find after engineer’s death. We discovered engineer hid Kim in a homeless shelter. Apparently for four months Kim was living off the streets of the city. It took some special search dogs to find her living in squalor. I’m glad we got her out. Taking her to here was the problem; the One had to use money funds to pay for the bribes.”
They both turned to look at the screen Kim were lost in thought. 

Kim remembered waking up in a hospital room where a man with white hair and black mustache came and took her with him. She saw that he was dressed as a police officer. She didn’t have a choice but to go with him. He practically forced her to leave the hospital to a black van with a big white furry dog was sitting in a cage in the van. She sat staring at the dog while the man drove the van out of the city to the familiar airport. Then at the air port while in the vehicle the police officer turned around and sprayed some smoke at her with a sprayer which she fell asleep. Then she found herself in this room with wires on her body. Kim wondered how long she had been in there. Then the puff of smoke turned green and she yawned falling asleep. 

When she woke up she found herself lying on a bed staring at the gray ceiling. She looked around to see other bunk beds in a row with sleeping figures in them. She realized that they were kids her age. Then the lights turned on and Kim sat up. A woman with white streak in her black hair and dressed in a green jumpsuit came in shaking children awake. 
She got to the bunk where Kim was and stared at her, then pointed to her lips speaking “Hello Kim, I’m Mrs. Groundwater, please get up by the ladder at the side of the bed.”
She gestured. Kim got up and pulled herself down the ladder and came face to face with blue eyes and a long haired blonde boy staring at her. There were a range of emotions on his face as he stared at Kim. 
Kim lip read him saying “Kim?” 
Kim spoke “I can talk you know.”
While noticing Mrs. Groundwater lowering her hand at her. 
Kim lip read Mrs. Groundwater saying “You’re a little loud.” 
The other children she saw came and gathered around her as she jumped off the last rung of the ladder. Jason stared back at her and then gestured to follow him. She followed him to a wall as he put a hand on the wall it slid open revealing a locker room, with lockers. Following Jason and the other kids he pointed to a locker with number ten on it and she opened it. Inside were a blue sweat suit which she saw the other kids put on over their sleeveless leotards. She followed their example and then followed Jason out the room. 
She tapped Jason on the shoulder and he looked at her, as she spoke “Don’t you have a name?” 
Jason spoke with her lip reading “My name is Jason. I know your name is Kimberly.” 
He pointed to the other children introducing them. “This is Alex and Maria, Lana and Kenny, Anita and William, finally Henry and Brianna.” 
The kids silently raised their hands as Jason introduced them to Kim. Kim saw that their faces were the same as Jason and her like they were identical with similar colored hair. Kim followed them out of the room. She took her hand and gripped in Jason’s left hand as she walked besides him. They reached the physical room. Mrs. Groundwater led the children through exercises, and kept an eye on Kim who followed along clumsily. Then it was too the classroom where Tutor Tova stood. 
She spoke to Kim, “Please learn to lip read, because I’m not fluent in your hand language. Also if you’re having trouble lip reading let me know.” 
Kim shyly nodded and followed along the lessons with Jason’s help.

One day when the kids were older, Mrs. Groundwater came with tears on her face. She was apparently upset but wouldn’t say why when the children pressed her with questions. Mrs. Groundwater led them to the common room dubbed “Club Room” by the children. 
She flicked on a screen on the wall in the room with a remote control in her hand and then spoke with Kim lip reading “A creation of man has been destroyed.”
The she abruptly left the room.
Kim saw with curiosity as she saw a thick object shaped like a child’s plane toy, going up in the sky with clouds of smoke. She watched as the object reached an area with white dots in the background and then clouds engulfed the object with two flying clouds going off the object as if fleeing. Then a man’s face old with age filled the screen, he spoke some words that Kim struggled to lip read. Then the screen went black.
Jason sat staring at the screen with a stunned expression on his face.
Kim broke the silence by saying “Did you hear what the guy said?”
Jason answered her “No, there was no sound on that.” 
He pointed, as Kim spoke “I had a hard time lip reading too.”
Jason noticed the others had drifted off to play with the box of toys in the room as he frowned. Kim looked around the room and noticed a black wall window in one wall. 
She frowned and said her brown eyes focusing on Jason, “Jason, my dad told me of something like planes going straight into the sky to some big area called space where the stars are. “ 
Jason sighed and spoke “I sure would like to go there sometime.”
Kim added “Me too.” 

Behind the black wall window Broderick stood watching the children. His eyes were focused on Kim and Jason. A door in the room opened as Mrs. Groundwater came in the room to the man. 
Broderick spoke “Report.” 
Mrs. Groundwater replied “Problem, only two of the children are passing the requirements. According to Tova, its Jason and Kim.“
She paused and pointed to two kids sitting in front the screen on the wall apparently talking and looking somber. 
Broderick spoke “At least our program is working.” 
Saying this he turned and walked out of the black room. Mrs. Groundwater stood watching Kim and Jason talk to each other apparently not interested in the toys the room offered. 
Mrs. Groundwater smiled a small smile and spoke to herself “At least the One will be proud.” 
Then she left the room. 

Then one day while the children were older in their early teens. Mrs. Groundwater came in normally as usual. Kim sighed as she got up from the bunk bed stepping through the ladder to shake Jason awake. Jason groaned and glared at Kim and he got up. Mrs. Groundwater led them to the elevator and instead of going up the elevator went down then it stopped. Mrs. Groundwater walked out with through a smoky tunnel. Jason felt his hand gripped by Kim who looked nervous. Then they entered a room with connected desks and Broderick stood in front of a screen on the wall watching them. Broderick noticed the look of surprise on teens’ faces but Jason looked excited and Kim looked confused. Broderick gestured for the teens to sit. They sat in connecting desks of black sitting there all in a row watching Broderick.
Broderick spoke slowly for Kim to lip read “My name is Broderick. You don’t know me but I’ve been observing you for years.” 
Jason looked amused but Kim frowned as the others gasped. 
Then Broderick sighed and then with a remote control turned on the screen behind him. Kim saw it was the scene she saw when she was younger with Jason. 
Broderick spoke “This object reaching the sky is called a space shuttle one of Human’s greatest creations.” 
Kim nodded understanding him as Jason looked excited as he bravely raised his hand, Broderick gestured for him to speak.
Jason asked “Are we going in that space shuttle?”
Kim saw Broderick raised his eyebrow at Mrs. Groundwater who was standing next to him. 
Broderick spoke “No not this one but another one like it which is why you’re here to learn how to function in the area above called space.” 
He flicked the remote again. Kim saw the screen flick and then showed a big blue brown ball with large brown spots with a black area background covered with white dots. 
Broderick spoke “This is the planet Earth and the area surrounding is called space. This is where you are to leave.” 
He paused letting them take stock of his words.
Then Broderick continued “You are to start training for leaving starting today.”
Kim and Jason looked at each other and shrugged another challenge awaited them.

Jason stood staring at the TV screen with Kim.  They were watching a scene of two tall buildings, skyscrapers, one with smoke coming from it. Their TV program was interrupted by this scene. 
Kimberly groaned out “What is this? There are no closed Captions.” 
She meant words that were typed on the screen that showed what the person on the TV was talking about. Jason sitting next to her tapped her on the shoulder and she looked at him. 
He told her “The TV’s broken for there’s no sound and I don’t know what’s going on either.” 
He cut himself off and pointed to the screen. Kim looked in time to see a plane smash itself into the other tall skyscraper and soon there was smoke coming from it. Abruptly the TV screen flicked off as if by remote. 
Jason and Kim turned around in their arm chairs to see Mrs. Groundwater with remote in hand speak “Shouldn’t you too be studying?”
She pointed with the remote to the table where papers and books were strewn all over it. 
Kim spoke “We were taking a break to watch TV, Mrs. Groundwater. Do you know what’s going on?”
Mrs. Groundwater, she saw, was struggling not to cry answered voice breaking “It’s not your concern, go study.”
Then she left the room. 
Kim looked at Jason who groaned “Oh more studying. What a life.” 
Silently Kim agreed. 

Mrs. Groundwater stood in the hallway and let the tears fall to her face. Still weeping she walked to the room where Broderick sat his grey hair completely white and still dressed in his usual black in wheel chair breathing from an oxygen tank. A window showed Jason and Kim sitting at a table studying. 
He rasped “Report.” 
Mrs. Groundwater weeping spoke “The others have been assimilated in the town population with no problems.” 
She referred to the other children who were grown and long gone. 
Broderick spoke “Today is a dark day for Americans every where.”
Mrs. Groundwater wiped her eyes and spoke “I agree what we will do about that?” 
Broderick spoke “When I disappear the Earth will be vulnerable to the others.”
Mrs. Groundwater gasped out “It was you who are one of the First Ones?”
Broderick spoke “Yes.”
At Broderick’s eye look at the flat screen TV behind her, Mrs. Groundwater went to TV screen on the wall and flicked it on with the remote, showing four thick tubes. The two watched as people in white medical scrubs pulled out a figure. A full grown adult male Human like, with green skin and black hair from one tube labeled “Aiden” laid on the stretcher and then the figures injected the male with a needle of some red substance. Then they went to the second tube labeled “PX5 and Tia” and smashed the tube open with a hammer. Water poured out and they pulled a pale Human like being with wings of a butterfly on his back with white hair glistened with two antennas on his head and laid him on a stretcher. Then they pulled out of the same tube a female with green skin and black hair. Then went to the third tube labeled “Torrin” and pulled out a male and then the fourth and final tube labeled “Ann-Nea” and pulled out a female. 
Then Broderick spoke “My people are reborn for they will replace me.” 
Mrs. Groundwater asked “What about rumors of this character called Hades seen around?”
Broderick replied gasping for breath, “He is of no concern and will be dealt with when the time comes.” 
Saying this Broderick gasped a breath and closed his eyes. Mrs. Groundwater heard a small alarm coming from the wheel chair and stood watching as medics came in and took off the oxygen tank of Broderick. She watched as they injected him with something pink from a needle and then his head went down and as if bowing. She saw as they took him off the wheelchair and put Broderick on a stretcher and put a large cloth on top of his body. 
“Disappeared?” She spoke out loud to the medic who nodded grimly and then they hauled the stretcher away with the wheel chair. 
Sighing she turned the monitor behind her off and the walked to the door and closed it. 

Inside the club room Jason and Kim sat studying or were trying to study. Jason stared at Kim as she stared back. 
“What are you looking at?” Kim asked Jason while staring at his lips. 
She felt some weird urge to touch them with her hand. 
Jason spoke “I think our hormonal injections are wearing off. “
He meant injections that Kim and Jason would receive every morning by the medics who tested them every day with physicals and with medical devices. Kim shrugged and then the door to the club room opened. Jason looked and pointed with his hand to the door.
Medics dressed in white came in and hauled a stretcher with a flag covering a body. One of them pulled the flag off. 
Kim groaned “Oh its Broderick.”
She lip read the medic speaks “Broderick died this morning, disappeared. He wanted you to see him dead and the flag.” 
The medics held it up, and Jason and Kim saw that in the middle was a big blue circle with small dots in it and with red lines coming from the circle in the middle of the flag. 
Kim lip read Jason asking “What does the flag represent?” 
Mrs. Groundwater entered the room and then the medics dropped the flag onto the body and started pulling at his facial skin. 
She spoke as Kim looked at her “His home world Humania where he’s from.” 
Kim asked “What do you mean Humania?”
Jason tapped her on the shoulder and she looked at him as he spoke “He’s from another planet?”
Mrs. Groundwater nodded and then with a remote control flicked on a screen behind her. It showed a glowing green moon and a golden planet. 
She pointed to the golden planet and said “Humania and its moon Edenia.”
Then she pointed at Broderick, which Kim and Jason looked with shock. Broderick instead of a Human like look had green reptilian skin with a snake face and stringy braided black hair. One of the medics moved a hand to Kim and Jason to come closer. They both watched as the medic pulled one of Broderick’s eyes open and pulled out some contact lenses. His eye went from brown to a total golden color. Another of the medics opened his mouth and pulled a set of false teeth revealing fanged teeth. 
Kim broke the silence by asking “Why are you showing us this?”
Then the medics covered Broderick’s body and pushed the stretcher away. 
Mrs. Groundwater waved her arms and Kim looked at her as Jason heard her speak “He wanted us to show you this that Humans aren’t alone in the universe.” 
She stiffened and spoke “Go back to studying. We’re counting on you to remember the information. No more questions.” 
Then she abruptly turned and left the room. 
Kim spoke “Well what a day except they still haven’t explained those planes, going into those weird buildings, Hmph.” 
Then Kim went to the books on the table with Jason watching her and Kim picked one up. She looked at it flipping through the pages. The book was old with age and crinkled in her hand. 
She found a picture and held the book up for Jason to see. The picture was a drawing of Broderick with the word “Samol” scrawled in English on the page. Jason walked to her and together they looked through the book reading and studying the contents. 

Later Mrs. Groundwater came in the room to see their heads bent over a book a discussion in progress. She stood with her arms folded and watched them study. Then she slowly left the room. She walked to a hallway to a room where a figure stood in the shadows watching Jason and Kim through a window. 
Mrs. Groundwater spoke “Was it necessary to show Broderick to them, Shuen?”
The figure in the shadows spoke in a male voice “It was necessary, Mrs. Groundwater and close the door.” 
Mrs. Groundwater closed the door behind her and entered the room. She looked to see the figure walked to the light shining through the window from the club room. Shuen was a male with pointed ears and tan skin with Asian Human brown eyes and long shiny black hair pulled back in a half ponytail. He was wearing black pants and a thick long sleeve tan top with a red slash on it. He stood staring out the window.
“One of the First Ones has betrayed us and I intend to correct that mistake.” Shuen said. 
Saying this he abruptly left the room. Mrs. Groundwater followed him out. 

Mrs. Groundwater stood next to Shuen in a white room with eight beds in a semicircle jutting from the wall. 
Mrs. Groundwater was struggling not to cry again for she thought “It is the first anniversary of the dreaded dark day in American history.” 
She watched as she saw there were devices going all around one of the beds. They stood watching as the medics dressed in white attempting to open a domed top large box with designs on it using all sorts of devices. 
Shuen spoke questioning, “Where did this box come from? And what is it doing with these Humanian designs on it?”
Mrs. Groundwater spoke struggling to keep her voice from breaking “Kim was seen disappearing through a doorway in the club room in a flash of light and in her place was the box. We checked her homing beacon but there’s a problem.” 
Shuen asked her “What is the problem?”
“The Homing Beacon isn’t giving a location and is erratic like someone is trying to keep us from tracking her” said Mrs. Groundwater who added “Jason is rather angry. He keeps throwing things in the club room saying ‘It’s my entire fault I should not have, had her read this book,’ over and over again.”
Shuen asked “What book is it?”
Mrs. Groundwater replied “The book of Hayu.”
Shuen spoke “Odd, the cameras in the room show her reading some foreign words of apparent Hayu language out loud and then leave the room through the doorway and she disappeared in a flash of light.” 
Mrs. Groundwater spoke “As far as I know she isn’t fluent to read in Hayu but it sure explains her knack for understanding languages.” 
Shuen spoke “She appears to be Human in origin but is acting alien on the outside.” 
One of the medics said “That’s odd; I’m hearing noises coming from this box.”
Another medic said “Success!”
As the domed top of the box opened and they heard a squealing cry. Then the medics turned to look at Shuen and Mrs. Groundwater and then they stepped away from the box. Shuen walked forward to look and inside was a baby with golden Human eyes and a mop of black hair on its head crying away.
“Impossible!” Shuen cried “The baby is Human!” 
Mrs. Groundwater stood next to Shuen and picked up the baby who stopped crying to look at her with golden eyes.
“Check the genes and see if the baby is Kim’s.” She said handing the baby to one of the medics who took the baby to a bed and took off the blue blankets on the baby. 
“It’s a boy” the medic spoke “and hello what’s this?”
He held up an object with a string attached to the pendant shaped like a key. 
Shuen froze seeing the object and looked at Mrs. Groundwater who spoke “It’s a key with information in the pendant, Shuen.” 
The medic handed the key object to another medic who went to a monitor in one part of the room and put the key in it. The monitor activated showing a woman who had a human face of Kim but with pointed ears, Human like golden eyes, tan skin and her clothes were different for she was in a dress of red instead of her blue jumpsuit and she was sitting in a chair.
She said “Tell Jason that I’m all right. As for me, Kim, I reached Humania as a young girl with perfect hearing and married a leader of a city named Zimala. He calls himself Pharaoh Osiris, who calls me his Queen Isis and had with him a son called Horus. Osiris has a twin brother named Set now known as Jupiter, ruler of the High Council. I’m not aware of you knowing this, but my husband is dead killed by Jupiter’s hand and so is this leader called Mesen, also by Jupiter’s hand. Also I’m now called Venus of the high council. One of the priests told me that Jupiter was overheard talking to his wife saying something about wanting to get rid of me by banishing me to the Forbidden Gate. If this happens, this happens. Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine.” 
The monitor went black as Horus squealed a cry. 
Mrs. Groundwater broke the silence crying out “Oh my goodness, get this baby some food and some love!”

Jason stood watching the TV with sound hearing Kim’s voice talking through it as if he was in a dream. He shook his head with shock on his face and frowned. Mrs. Groundwater stood behind him watching him. 
Jason slowly sat down and spoke “Oh the Gods.” 
He heard a cry as the door to the club room opened and Jason got up turning to look to see a medic came in carrying a bundle. He walked towards the medic and took a look at the baby the medic held. 
Jason whispered “Horus.” 
While staring at the baby he spoke out loud “What will happen now?”
Mrs. Groundwater answered “The baby is apparently Kim’s and he will be raised which how will be determined.” 
Jason bowed his head clasping his hands together as Mrs. Groundwater did the same and Jason spoke in a faraway voice, “He shall be called Nikolas, for he is the one.” 
Mrs. Groundwater spoke “A prophecy says that the son of Osiris will be named by a Human, in the book of Hayu.”
Jason stared at her as she bowed to him and spoke “The book of Hayu is actually written by a species, unknown, who speak things of the future and foretell this when they wrote the book Human's Millenniums ago.” 
Jason gasped and then went to the table and grabbed the Book of Hayu, and flipped through the thick book with the crinkled old pages. 
He spoke “Here in English it says The Book of Hayu is said ‘That darkness will come to the Earth, one will leave and two will join as one.’.” 
Mrs. Groundwater spoke “That’s why you must leave the Earth.” 
As she turned and clicked the TV monitor behind her and showed a scene of a space shuttle rising up into the clouds with a voice Jason recognized to be Broderick’s speaking from the monitor “Godspeed Jason.” 
Then walls on his left turned going down and suddenly light came spilling in as the lights above went off. 
Mrs. Groundwater spoke “Take a look Jason.”
Jason blinked his eyes and looked out the window and saw in the distance on the horizon was a glistening shiny white object. Jason recognized to be a space shuttle. The space shuttle stood in the horizon facing the blue sky. Jason walked towards the window and pressed his fingers to the cool window. He stared at the sun, which he had seen on TV and saw for the first time was really bright that hurt his eyes. 
Jason spoke “When?”
Mrs. Groundwater replied “Soon.” 
At Jason’s questioning look she added, “Once you’re ready, you’ll go.”
Jason asked “What’s the name of the shuttle out there?”
Mrs. Groundwater answered “I’m not sure.” 
Then the medic abruptly left the room with Nikolas and Mrs. Groundwater spoke “Come with me Jason and take the Book of Hayu with you.” 
Wordlessly he grabbed the book and followed her out of the room to a hallway towards the elevator where it went down and stopped with a jerk. Then the doors opened and he followed Mrs. Groundwater through a dark lighted hallway to a set of thick double doors which she opened with a card sliding in a slot. Jason entered looking to see a big vast room and in it appeared a space shuttle stood facing the ceiling. Jason saw that people who were running around doing work had stopped to look at him. Jason looked at them to see they were Human like himself. Slowly he walked out to look at the space shuttle towering above him in the vast room. He took his time walking among the Humans who stared at him scattered in the cavernous room. Reaching the shuttle he heard a cry and looked to see on a low gang plank behind him was a being with black hair, pointed ears and brown almond shaped eyes of an Asian Human, dressed in black pants, with boots and a tan long sleeve top with a red slash through the top.
The being spoke loudly as if through a microphone “I am called Shuen Jyang of the species called Highlander and I present the one who will lead us out of the darkness.” 
Standing next to him was a medic who Jason saw was holding Nikolas in a cocoon of blue blankets. 
Shuen took Nikolas from the blankets and held him all for all to see and spoke “His name is Nikolas born on Humania by an Earth mother and a Humanian father. He will be the one who brings hope for us all.” 
The Humans around Jason bowed toward Shuen and chanted “Earth! Earth!”
Jason walked towards the gangplank to see Shuen looking at him, who spoke “The Human who stands there has named the child Nikolas.” 
He pointed to Jason himself who the Humans turned and looked at him staring. 
Shuen spoke “State your name Human.”
Jason spoke and words tumbled out that seemed to not be his voice, “My name is Yevgeny Visser.” 
While staring at Shuen who handed the baby to the medic and then the medic walked away down the gangplank. 
Shuen spoke “I have a gift for you.” 
Then he pointed to the doorway where Jason came in the cavern from. The doors opened and showed a female gliding out of the door towards him. Straight black hair spilled around her shoulders of her rounded Human ears and of her green dress that showed curves with intense blue eyes focusing on Jason and tanned skin. Her lips parted as in gasping at him but she kept walking. Humans standing in her way moved bowing, creating an aisle towards Jason. The female reached him and glided around in a circle around Jason looking at him with intense eyes then she stood next to him.
Shuen spoke “Her name is Mahalia and she is to be your equal and mate.” 
Mahalia stared at him with hope on her face. Jason staring at her held up his left hand and she took it with her right hand and they both looked up at Shuen who crossed his arms in a diagonal and bowed towards them.  
The Humans did the same and chanted “Earth! Earth!”
Jason realized that life would not be the same again.

A voice speaks as if reading from the Book of Hayu: 
“As the Human new year of 2003 was celebrated, the Planet Earth fell in chaos, as ships of all sizes and kinds, invaders came through gates, purple openings in space, opened by the moving of Planet Humania. The ships came firing their weapons of terror, and destruction, mostly firing large rocky asteroids, lasers and all kinds of created weapons exploded in the Planet Earth. The Humans of the Earth began to die, crying in pain with their screams. Antarctica, the icy snow kingdom of eternal winter was hit sinking in the ocean of the Earth as the waters began to rise covering the land. Then the Earth became covered in a cloud of darkness that surrounded the planet. On the Earth, the Humans began to scream out their cries to their Gods, dying on a dying Planet Earth as a land, a Nation called United States of America disappeared in a cloud of white. The invaders attacked the planet, the Humans’ greatest creation the space shuttle, piloted by Humans; sailed into the sky despite the chaos around them reached the heavens of space and floated witnessing history. The invaders left with their ships and disappeared through the gates leaving a giant asteroid, a planet killer traveling towards the Earth. The Humans in the space shuttle sat in space with horror watching their planet die hoping for hope. 
Yet hope was all lost as Planet Humania arrived with her moon daughter Edenia. The Humans in the shuttle, watched as Humania joined into the dying Earth as if joined as one. A cloudy white nebula formed surrounded the joined planets as Edenia orbited.
For the planet killer asteroid, it reached the nebula and broke up like the nebula cloud had a shield. Then the nebula formed together, creating a new planet which the natives will call Terrania. Then the shuttle entered the new planet Terrania, where the remaining Humans left in the shuttle entered. A door to the shuttle opened and a Human male by the name of Yevgeny Visser stood looking around. He left the shuttle and was followed by his mate, a female, named Mahalia, who will be remembered for giving birth to the first Human on Terrania.”
A male voice spoke "Spare us of that book of Hayu your reading about doom and gloom!"
This was followed by moaning and groaning. 

Part four: Terrania
Another voice spoke ignoring the outburst of the speaker "The baby cried covered in a cloth shaking of hunger while seeing nothing but darkness. The baby felt a poke of an object poking him through the cloth and continued to shake of hunger. He felt himself lifted up and stopped his crying to coo as he felt the motions of being carried. This continued till the cloth was removed uncovering his form and eyes which he peered with curiosity to see a figure’s face that made gasping sounds. The baby felt an urge of hunger get stronger that he crunched up his face and gave a wailing like cry. He heard a voice speaking words along with one from the figure whose head turned to look at another direction. Then he heard another voice speaking with tones that seemed to calm him as he was passed to another figure who stared at him. Then he was handed to another figure as the first placed hands on his forehead while speaking words. He again felt hunger and wailed a cry as he heard a noise and continued crying. His senses alerted him of the smell of food which he gave off a slurping noise which the smell was cut off. He was rewarded when something was placed into his mouth which he greedily sucked the object and felt liquid entering him as his hunger began to wane-"
At the moment the voice a male was interrupted by boos and hisses from various people gathered near him. 
The original speaker who complained of the Book of Hayu spoke "Oh continue on with the story anyway. It's interesting."
A male voice spoke:
A sound broke Grudik out of his thoughts thinking of a baby unexpectedly. Grudik paused from picking up plants and putting them in his woolen basket. He shifted in his dirt colored clothes that covered him from head to foot like a tent. His eyes peered out of the top through a face mask and he turned towards his wife Daka a female dressed like him. 
He mentally spoke in mind to her “Did you hear that sound?” 
Daka looked up from her picking plants to mentally say “No” but at that moment they both heard a sound. 
Grudik spoke mentally “I’m going to investigate.” 
He pulled out his black bladed knife from his sheath of his left arm with a flick of his covered left wrist and slowly took his time towards the sound. He passed by several bushes to reach the ceremonial altar which was three large blocks forming a table at the top of a cliff wall over looking the ocean water that was silent moving. Grudik froze when he saw a round bundle of gray on top of the white altar that was moving. A sound came from the bundle. Grudik scanned telepathy with his mind. He felt a powerful urge of hunger coming from the bundle. The hunger made him recall his thoughts instantly but he dismissed it. He walked cautiously towards the bundle and looked at it. The bundle moved shaking itself. Grudik gave the bundle a poke with his knife and it moved some more. Grudik cautiously picked up the bundle realizing what it was as his thoughts of a baby took control unexpectedly. He put the bundle in his large woolen basket and walked towards his wife Daka who stood watching him. Grudik flicked his wrist and his knife went back in its sheath. 
Daka telepathy asked “What did you find and why is there an urge of hunger coming from you?”
Grudik said in her mind “The bundle is an offspring someone left to care for it.” 
Daka spoke mentally with frowning tones “We must consult the Elders.” 
Grudik mentally replied “Not here but at the home spot we’ll ask them about the offspring, come.” 
He took his wife’s arm through the tent material covering her arm. They proceeded to walk through the dirt colored forest and reached a narrow bridge over a gorge. The bridge had ropes with wooden slats on it. Grudik and Daka walked on it only to slow when the bridge swayed. 
Reaching the other side where there was green colored forest, Grudik pulled a knife like trap over the entrance to the bridge and spoke mentally “There that’ll keep the Blasters out.” 
The two proceeded to make their way through the forest of greenery to reach the top of a hill. At the bottom of the hill was a series of brown knife fences that barred their way. Daka and Grudik cautiously made their way weaving in and out of the fences till they reached a tall wooden brown fence that towered over them. Grudik rapped a fist on the fence in code. Parts of the fence opened sliding through the dirt and Grudik with Daka went inside. The fence slid closed behind them. 

Inside were several rounded huts that were on a large peninsula with the water lapping at the sides. Black and white four legged animals tied to the huts made some sound of moo. Grudik put his basket gently on the ground and pulled off his dirt colored tent clothing to reveal a Humanoid male with pale skin, short black hair and pointed ears. His eyes were Human blue colored. Daka did the same with her tent and revealed a Humanoid female with similar characteristics of Grudik with shoulder length hair. They were wearing animal skin clothing referred as gonoid, that were tree trunk grey colored. He could see several of his people were standing around watching them with a range of looks on their faces. 
Grudik spoke loudly using his voice “Call for the Elders, I found an offspring on the sacred altar.” 
One of them walked away towards the Elders’ residence which was the largest of the huts, scattered around the peninsula. Grudik sighed and pulled out the bundle radiating hunger and undid the ropes surrounding it. He pulled the cloth open and made a sound of surprise when he saw the offspring’s features. The offspring had tan skin, rounded ears and sun colored Human like eyes, opened its mouth and gave a hungry like wailing cry. 
Daka spoke using her voice loudly over the baby’s cry “Offspring looks to be more than several sun days old.”
Grudik examined the fussy offspring and spoke with his voice “Offspring appears to be a male.” 

They looked up to see the three Tribal Elders dressed in their ceremonial white gonoid skins, come walking towards the two. They were Ayina, with her long hair and streaks of grey in it. Walking with her was the groups’ leader Cloud a male with the longest hair of the group that fell to his knees pulled back in a tail that had streaks of white in his black hair. Along him was another male named Walker with shorter hair that was completely white. Grudik stood holding the offspring with Daka standing next to him. The three reached Grudik and Daka with serious expressions on their faces. 
Cloud spoke “Hand me the offspring” which Grudik obeyed. 
Cloud looked at the offspring with a serious expression on his face. He handed the offspring to Ayina who held it while Cloud put his hands on the offspring’s head and frowned. 
He spoke staring at the offspring “It’s very hard to see. Someone or something wrapped the offspring, a male in this cloth while asleep and left him here. I’m hearing the words Lun-Yan Sanver, sounding like a name repeated over and over.”
The offspring at the moment gave a wailing like cry. Daka picked up the cloth and an object fell out of the cloth on the ground. The object she saw was a large hand sized vial with dark red liquid in it with a tube sticking out of part of the vial. She picked it up and handed it to Grudik, who handed it to Walker, who gave a twist at the tube part and the vial opened while smelling the contents. 
He grumbled “Ugh, it’s some kind of bloody essence.”
The offspring gave a loud slurping noise. 
Cloud ordered “Give it to the offspring to drink.” 
Walker capped the vial and gave it to Ayina. The offspring’s cry stopped as he greedily sucked the vial’s contents through the soft thick tube at the end 
Cloud remarked “Interesting, a bloody essence drinker.” 
Daka fluffed the cloth and noticed writing on the cloth. 
She spoke loudly “There’s writing on the cloth the offspring was wearing.” 
She spread the cloth for it to fully lie on the ground revealing the cloth’s large size.
Cloud with Walker studied the writing which was a series of pictures covering every inch of the cloth. Grudik and Daka stood watching Cloud with Walker look at each other in silent communication obviously talking through their minds by their hand gesturing. 
Then Cloud spoke “It’s done, the offspring will be raised here by Grudik and Daka.” 
Ayina spoke before Grudik could retort a remark “I agree since they found the offspring they will raise it themselves.”
Walker nodded his head and Grudik groaned a small sound while speaking “Do I feed this offspring with my essence?”
Cloud spoke “No, feed him with gonoid essence starting with the bulls.” 
He pointed to the four legged gonoid standing with mouth on the green grass chewing away. One looked up and gave a sound of a moo.

Yevgeny Visser kneeled watching a pale Mahalia lay with a blanket on her naked form moaning on the ground in the tent. A thick flashlight sat lightening up the darkness of the tent with light for it was night time. Her abdomen was swollen as she screamed as a spasm of pain came from her while she gripped Yevgeny’s left arm in a tight grip. 
“The babies, Shuen.” Yevgeny spoke out loud to a figure that came in at the entrance to the tent from the darkness behind him. 
His right hand was on Mahalia’s swollen abdomen as she struggled in pain. 
Shuen Jyang spoke “I have the necessary equipment from the shuttle here in this suitcase.” 
He held up a small suitcase in his left hand as he walked further into the large tent. 
Yevgeny spoke with determination in his eyes “Open her up and get them out now.” 
Shuen nodded and got to work. 

Yevgeny sat next to Mahalia holding his newborn son and daughter in his hands. He frowned seeing fangs in the mouth of his son and that he was bigger than his twin sister who was wailing away. 
Shuen spoke “Yevgeny, there is a problem with Mahalia.” 
Yevgeny asked “What is it?”
He heard a gasp from Mahalia who spoke weakly “The pains I suffered while carrying those two was which Shuen confirmed.”
Yevgeny frowned and asked “What’s going on?”
Shuen replied “It is your son. He is a blood drinker, drank from Mahalia while she was carrying them.” 
Yevgeny stared with shock on his face as he looked at his son with a frown. 
Shuen added “The damage to Mahalia is not reversible.” 
Yevgeny looked up with a shocked look in his eyes which widen as Shuen continued “I am sorry.” 
Then Shuen went to Yevgeny, took the babies from him and left the tent. Yevgeny sat kneeling in stone silence staring at the entrance of the tent. 
He heard Mahalia weakly speak “Jason.” 
Yevgeny shook his head hearing his former name.
He turned to look at a pale Mahalia who held out a hand weakly. 
Yevgeny took the hand and heard Mahalia speak “Jason, forgive your son. Life is important to preserve the Human race than death of extinction. Please call the boy, Ivan and the girl, Georgina.”
Yevgeny gathered Mahalia in his arms as she continued speaking “I was born Mahalia Zoya Zeskaya Stonehawk.”
She paused as Yevgeny rocked her and Mahalia continued “I grew up knowing that I may die someday.” 
Tears fell from Yevgeny’s eyes, he silently weeping.
Mahalia looked at Yevgeny and his teary face as he stared at her; she added “Don’t weep for me, Jason. I knew my life will be short but take care of Ivan and Georgina. Promise me you’ll tell them about me. Promise me!”
Yevgeny spoke with voice breaking as she leaned up gripping his face with her hands, “Mahalia, I will tell the children about you.” 
Mahalia leaned forwards and kissed Yevgeny on the lips. He gripped her in a hug as they kissed. Then suddenly Mahalia stopped kissing him and looked at him with a pained look on her face. 
She gasped out “Remember me, Jason, tell the others.” 
She closed her eyes and her body went limp in Yevgeny’s arms. He sat staring at her face holding her in his arms. He was still holding her when Shuen came back in the tent and stood watching a stone faced Yevgeny sitting on the ground. 
Yevgeny slowly lowered Mahalia on the blankets and ordered “Find her something to wear for the ceremony.” 
Shuen nodded and then he left the tent. 
Yevgeny closed his eyes and spoke in a firm voice “Mahalia, I swear it that your death won’t be in vain.”
He opened his eyes as Shuen came in the tent and handed him a piece of clothing while speaking “I found this dress among the things in the shuttle we took out and thought it’ll suit her.” 
Yevgeny looked at the dress; Shuen was holding to see that it was green and had ivy like designs on the top part of it and on the skirt. He saw that it was the design of the dress was the same one she wore when he first met her. Shuen handed him the dress and watched as Yevgeny lovingly dressed Mahalia in the outfit. Then Yevgeny picked up Mahalia and left the tent holding her.

The sun was beginning to rise from the horizon lighting up the new day as Yevgeny left the tent holding Mahalia. He saw Humans about twenty in number, both male and female. Some holding torches standing in two lines with an aisle between them, facing the tent with range of emotions on their faces. He heard squealing cries from his son and daughter as they wailed away while being held separately in the arms of Humans. Some of the Humans standing there watching Yevgeny holding Mahalia had tears running down their faces. 
He dimly heard Shuen recited loudly addressing the Humans “In Earth she reign, forever and ever, Mahalia is her name; remember her name in victory, Mahalia.”
The Humans nodded and chanted “Mahalia, Mahalia.” 
Yevgeny numbly walked between the two lines of chanting Humans who in turn followed him towards a plank with wheels lying on the ground. Attached to the plank was a black animal, a horse neigh a cry. Yevgeny laid Mahalia’s body on the plank and he put her hands together. 
He heard Shuen speak “Perhaps this time the city of Atlanta will let us in.”
Yevgeny stood and waited as one of the Humans came to the Horse and proceeded to lead the horse through the forests to a large stone walkway which led to a stone wall. The Human procession walked towards the stone wall and then there was a rumbling noise heard by the Humans as the wall slid open like a door revealing another door standing behind with a stone wall surrounding it with the word Atlanta in English on it. The door opened and opened sliding open. 
Yevgeny heard Shuen speak “This doesn’t make any sense. Why keep us out till now?”
Yevgeny walked with the Humans into the city with his eyes on Mahalia’s body. He could hear the Humans chanting away her name as they walked passed stone concrete buildings standing silently empty of life. The Humans with Shuen reached a tall towering building that was like a shuttle like needle facing the sky and the procession stopped. 
Yevgeny felt a hand on his shoulder as Shuen spoke “Look.” 
Yevgeny looked to see a laser like image of Mahalia dressed in her green dress with her eyes open and there was a pleasant expression on her face, came from the building. The image changed to Yevgeny himself with anger on his face dressed in black. This was followed by a rumbling sound from the bottom of the building as a door slid opened revealing a cavernous opening. Yevgeny picked up Mahalia and with Shuen following proceeded to walk into the opening. Inside was a small round brown room that was sunken in with writings on the walls. Yevgeny stood with Shuen with a confused look on his face. He heard a rumbling noise and saw an opening which was followed by a large stone slab came jutting from the opening empty of writings. 
Shuen broke the silence by speaking “Yevgeny, I think you lay her on there.”
Yevgeny nodded and he lay her on the stone slab which he put Mahalia’s left hand on her chest and right hand on the marble slab. Then he stood back watching as the slab went back into the opening with a rumble. Sighing Yevgeny followed Shuen out of the needle building to outside the city. He stood among the Humans watching as the entrance to the building closed as the sun went behind the clouds. 
Yevgeny heard Shuen speaking as he bowed towards Yevgeny, “It’s done. You, Yevgeny are now leader of your people.” 
Yevgeny spoke with fury in his voice “We will remember Mahalia for her death won’t be in vain.”
The Humans standing there chanted “Mahalia, Mahalia.”  
Yevgeny thought as his eyes lay on his children “Life won’t be the same again.”

A male voice spoke "Lun Yan Sanver as he's called learned that he was an essence drinker-"
The voice was interrupted by boos and hisses as another male voice spoke "Spare us the story of this Lun Yan growing up to be a bloody essence drinker! I don't care to hear about this bit!"
The male voice groaned then spoke continuing on the story. 
Lun Yan who was grown up as a man saw Sunniya, the daughter of one of his adoptive people and felt an urge he had been suffering for days and decided to act on it. He saw Sunniya dressed in one of her gonoid skin dresses, which revealed her curves and her legs which he admired, while she was walking weaving in and out of the trees in the forest that surrounded the tribe camp. Lun Yan grabbed a white flower off the bushes which he’d seen males of the tribe do. He gripped the white flower by the stem in his hand a little tighter and waited as she went around the tree he stood hiding and then kneeled with his flower opened in his outstretched hand towards Sunniya. He had seen others males do that to females as a way of getting them to mate with them. Lun Yan also made a sincere expression on his face.  
Sunniya laughed and spoke “Lun Yan, I am taken.”
Lun Yan stared around her brown skinned neck to see it was bare of a necklace. He recalled seeing other females accepting flowers from the males of the tribe and in return they would accept a necklace from the male. Lun Yan frowned and heard laughter from the others of the tribe behind him and looked at them glaringly. 
They were saying “What is Lunny doing now proposing to a tree!”
Lun Yan at that moment looked towards where Sunniya was and saw he was kneeling in front of a large tree the exact same one he was hiding to ambush her with his proposal. He got up and angrily gave the tree a punch with his left fist then stomped away in anger. He failed to notice that the others stopped laughing and were rushing towards the tree in panic on their faces while glaring at him. Reaching camp, he wandered around huts, towards the hut where he stayed with his father, Grudik and his mother, Daka. Lun Yan frowned as he threw the flower in the fire called eater burning away in a pile of rocks surrounding it. In front of the hut were Grudik with his hair completely white and similar hair color was Daka who sat busy sewing some gonoid skin together. His father stood up with help of a long stick as tall as Grudik himself. 
“Father” Lun Yan said with pleading in his golden colored Human eyes as he swung his long black hair out of his face on his shoulder. 
Grudik held up a hand and said “There is nothing I can do, Lun Yan. The female has the right to reject.”
Lun Yan spoke tugging his round like ears with one hand, “It’s because I’m different.” 
Grudik replied “Yes, I am aware of that and next times don’t fist trees.” 
Noticing Lun Yan’s confused look on his face, added “The tree is a living gonoid, a being so don’t do that again, Lunny.”
Lun Yan groaned and spoke “All I saw was a tree where she was and I didn’t mean to fist the tree.” 
He added despite his father’s eyes turn to a glare at him “I didn’t realize that I fisted Sunniya thinking she was a tree.” 
Grudik spoke “We don’t harm others of our kind and you must respect that.”
Lun Yan stood frowning as Daka spoke looking up from her sewing “Lun Yan, there may be punishment from the tribal elders.”
Lun Yan groaned as he went to sit next to Daka who continued sewing the gonoid skin. Grudik at the moment went to sit next to Daka with a wearily groan and looked to see the tribal elders, Cloud, Walker and Ayina came walking towards them with a fourth person who Grudik recognized by speaking “It’s Ein, Sunniya’s sire.”
Grudik added “Ein looks angry. I suspect your punishment would be harsh.”
Lun Yan groaned as the four reached the three sitting on the ground. 
Grudik spoke to the four “Excuse me for not getting up, bad bones.” 
He was interrupted by Ein speaking angrily pointing at Lun Yan, “This Drainer punched my daughter when she rejected him and she is sick with an ailment.” 
Lun Yan groaned softly as Grudik spoke “His name is Lun Yan and not Drainer.” 
Ein opened his mouth to retort when one the tribal elders Cloud said “Lun Yan, you must face the consequences of your actions. We, the Tribal Elders, have decided punishment.” 
Lun Yan cocked his head with a frown on his face as Grudik wearily ordered “Lun Yan, get up and face the punishment.”
Lun Yan groaned and got up slowly to stand in front of the tribal elders. 
Ayina ordered firmly “Lun Yan follow us.” 
Then the four proceeded to walk away with Lun Yan following them with a confused look on his face. There was a range of emotions on his face as he numbly followed the four. Lun Yan frowned as they reached the wood with two holes for hands and legs with metal chains attached to them. The tribal elders he saw gestured for Lun Yan to get in the wood which he did and then chained him to there. He frowned seeing Ein waving his arms while stomping around in anger. He turned his eyes downcast to the ground he noticed Ayina busy trying to calm Ein. Cloud he saw out of the corners of his eyes went to his parents talking to them. Lun Yan felt the mating urge feeling again which made him want to look up as he howled a mournful call as he struggled against the wood and metal holding him in a sitting position. He stared at the green line in the sky and continued yanking on the bounds holding him. 

Grudik spoke hearing the elders talking in his mind, “Oh dear, they’re going to leave him in the wood and chain him to a sitting position for awhile.” 
Daka who kept sewing remarked “Ein won’t like it. He has been pushing for mind wipe and exile ever since Lun Yan got old enough to have the urges.” 
They heard the elders say mentally in their minds for all of the tribe to hear “The punishment of mind wipe and exile has no merit. Lun Yan is punished by three suns of lock up.” 
Then Ein was shouting mentally while waving his arms and stomping, for all to hear in their minds “We should have mind wiped and exiled him before he hurts or kills one of us!”
Groaning Grudik spoke out loud using his voice “I hope that exile for Lun Yan won’t happen but I have a feeling it might.” 
Daka spoke out loud using her voice “I still have the blanket and that tube that we found him with.” 
They watched Cloud as if hearing their words came walking towards them while Walker and Ayina was busy calming an angry Ein.
Cloud reached them ordered to Grudik “Grudik will prepare for his feeding while he is locked up.”
Grudik replied “The bulls will have to do, for I am old and have not much cycles left.”
Cloud agreed speaking “Yes I know of your ailment of the bones. You will use the tube to feed him from once you get the essence from the bulls. Is the water carrier ready?”
Daka gasped for the water carrier was a water vessel used to travel over the water pulled by currents which was used for exile.
Cloud added frowning “Just a strange feeling about Lun Yan Sanver, Grudik that I cannot ignore. Have you two been having trouble sleeping?”
Grudik nodded in agreement and spoke “I have been having a dream of another one of us a male similar looks to you, saying ‘Bring Lun Yan Sanver to me and I will handle him.’ The person in the dream is very acting very urgent.”
Daka spoke “I also been having this dream myself of this male who has been telling me ‘You must bring him by water carrier where I will find him’”. 
Cloud muttered out loud “Odd.” 
Then they looked up to see a thin line of white far in the green sky came streaking by far above the trees. 
Cloud said again “Odd, I sensed a mind in distress, appearing to be female.” 
They also heard Lun Yan howl some mournful call as he struggled against the wood and metal holding him in a sitting position. 
Daka looked at Lun Yan yanking and said “I just had a strange feeling.”
Grudik spoke “So did I.”
Cloud stared at Lun Yan with a frown and walked up to Lun Yan who was busy looking at the sky while yanking away on the bounds holding him. 
Cloud heard Ayina and Walker in his mind speak together “You sure it is time?”
Cloud spoke to the two in his mind “No, but I hope I won’t regret it-”
A female voice spoke interrupting the male's storytelling:
Earlier going through the ocean waters was a large island like ship. The ship went up and down the moving ocean and inside a room were two figures. 
One of them spoke “Again Georgina” ordering to a young woman with brown hair and brown eyes with a Human appearance of a full grown adult female that was kicking hitting the punching bag.  
She gave a yell “Mahalia!”
With a kick the bag with such force that it swung and fell off the hook attached to the low ceiling. 
The sensei master a male with pointed ears and black hair spoke again “Good now do the push ups about ten of them.” 
Georgina groaned sweat glistening off of her face and skin of her tight tank top and shorts stuck to her female body. She fell towards the ground and started pushing up and down while counting out. 
The sensei told her “Take a rest, Jora.”
She sighed at the nickname and went to get a drink bottle attached to the wall and pulled it off with a ripping sound. She stood feeling the swaying motions of the sea as the battleship went up and down from being on the water. Georgina slowly drank the soft drink trying not to gulp it as she watched the sensei Shuen Jyang one of the fabled ones from the shuttle stood watching her. They were in a grey padded room with pads on the floor and on the walls with drinks attached. Georgina sat down resting while slowly drinking her drink. 
Shuen frowned thinking “She is growing more and more like her father. The anger is still there but can be controlled.” 
Shuen recalled to himself it had been nearly a Human year since Jora’s birth. The battleship Shuen remembered he and Jora were on was searching the seas for something sensors flaring underwater. He recalled according to tracking sensors on the battleship, Yevgeny’s helicopter went down in the ocean hence the search. His passenger on the helicopter was of the Highlander species like Shuen himself was Emperor Pavel Palin of the ocean nation called Oceana escaped barely with the two Kaddar, his guards of the Aquarian water species, swimming him to safety in the dangerous ocean. 
Shuen frowned thinking lost in thought as he added to himself thinking of Jora “There’s a male out there who’s her destiny.”
He recalled having visions of this male with golden eyes and a Human like appearance in his mind. Shuen remembered going to the Command office of the battleship “Mahalia” to meet Yevgeny before he took his ill fated flight on the helicopter. Shuen mused remembering coming in the office to feel Yevgeny vibrating of anger like he always does out of habit. Shuen thought as he saw Yevgeny, that he was seemingly fueled by anger. 
Shuen in the memory watched as Yevgeny angrily spoke “Report, Shuen on my daughter.” 
Shuen remembered talk of Ivan, her twin brother was forbidden since Yevgeny exiled him on a raft on the ocean. According to Yevgeny, Shuen recalled Ivan attacked himself and Georgina at a campfire which she managed to dart Ivan out unconscious. 
Shuen spoke in the memory “Jora’s memories of Ivan are returning. She has been asking repeatedly about Ivan referring him as a fanged brother.” 
Yevgeny grumbled out still angry “Shuen keep up the mind wipes and tell her it’s all a dream.” 
Shuen spoke “As she gets older she’ll remember.” 
Yevgeny bristled out “Of course she won’t. You’ll see to that.” 
Shuen calmly spoke “Listen to me, Yevgeny, the girl who is now a woman will remember and even I can’t stop her memories forever.” 
Yevgeny spoke absent mildly still angry “Just as long as she’s out of harm’s way.” 
Shuen pleaded “Listen to me, there is a male who is courting her in her dreams, a male with golden eyes.” 
Yevgeny spoke “Shuen, don’t worry about the male, worry about taking care of her should I disappear.” 
Yevgeny went to the desk where there was a camera device facing as he sat down, he fingered some switches and spoke “This message is activated by the word Humans.” 
Shuen slowly left the room leaving Yevgeny alone. Shaking his head of the memory he frowned to see Georgina had gotten up finished with her drink which she put back on the wall. 
She asked “Will we find Papa, Master Shuen?” 
A feeling of dread came to Shuen as he answered “I don’t know, it depends on whether we can find him or not.” 
Georgina frowned and said “What about this Human man with golden eyes dressed in black?”
Shuen stared at her with widen eyes and asked her “Where did you get this description?’
Georgina replied “In my dreams there’s this man who says ‘I am yours and you are mine for you will bear my sons and daughters.’ The dream shows his face as Human like with golden Human eyes and he’s dressed in black.” 
Shuen interrupted “Describe his clothes please.” 
Georgina described him which Shuen absent mildly thought to himself “Hades, the description matches him. What does Hades have towards her?”
Then he spoke out loud “The Brazil Kata practice continues.” 
Georgina groaned and resumed her fighting moves with Shuen calling out corrections. 

Later after practice, Georgina went to shower in her small box room quarters. 
Coming out of the shower stall of her small bathroom she thought “I wonder who is this male that’s in my dreams?”
Sighing Georgina changed into a jumpsuit of green and wearily lay on the bed falling asleep. In her dream she was standing in a great vast field far as the horizon she could see and also saw green grasses with flowers of many kinds peering out. She turned around to see the male standing there behind her with his face bare with long silky like black hair and he had golden Human eyes with a Human face and Human ears. He, Georgina saw as always in her dreams was dressed in tight black pants that wrapped around his foot and ankles. There was a black breast plate vest with black manacles on his wrists showing off his muscular arms. Then the scene changed to the top of a cliff with a view of mountains in the distance. Georgina stared at the view and looked at the male. 
She asked “Who are you?”
The male responded “I come in many names for I have only one name I answer to. I am yours and you are mine for you will bare my sons and daughters.” 
Saying this he faded away as Georgina woke up gasping to see Shuen standing there watching her with a frown on his face. 
She spoke “Master Shuen? What is it?”
Shuen without a word shook his head and slowly left the room leaving a confused Georgina sitting on her bed that jutted out of the middle of the box room of her quarters. She frowned thinking “That’s three times I’ve woken up with Master Shuen staring at me in my quarters. I wonder what’s going on.”
Yawning she lay down on the bed and stared at the walls with a frown as she thought of the male in her dreams, soon she was asleep. 

Shuen stood outside her quarters with a frown and with eyes closed he mentally spoke “It’s done. She is linked to mate with him and bear his children.” 
He sigh a sound he opened his eyes and walked down the maze of hallways towards a set of stairs where he climbed up to the top and walked into a room with monitors beeping. 
“Report” he said.
A Kaddar, an Aquarian, one of Oceana’s royal guards stood next to a monitor spoke “Shuen we have a problem.” 
The Kaddar guard gestured as Shuen walked towards the monitor and seeing the contents spoke “Drat, Hades, Merra has him.” 
Shuen ordered “Prepared to-” 
He blinked his eyes to discover that he wasn’t in the command room but was standing in water of the ocean facing a jungle of trees. 
He spoke out loud as he turned around to look at the ocean “Drat”. 
He could see that the there was just water beyond the horizon. Groaning he spun around when he heard a growl to face the growler. 
His eyes widen in shock as he spoke “Bastard.”

The male voice spoke "Oh cut it with the inappropriate language word uses!"
This was followed by boos and hisses said repeatedly as a female voice spoke loudly ignoring the noises.
Georgina woke up to feel the battleship pitch to its side violently. She fell out of the bed and got up towards the door. 
The door slid open as a Kaddar came holding the door as water came pooling in the room and gestured with a webbed hand yelling “We must evacuate now!”
Georgina ran to him falling onto the walls as water pooled into the room. 
The Kaddar guard grabbed her hand and pulled her out of the room as she yelled “What’s going on and where is Master Shuen?!”
The Kaddar still gripping her hand proceeded to haul her towards a set of stairs as the ship pitched on its side violently spoke “No time to explain!” 
Georgina followed him up the spiraling stairs towards a round door that he yanked open revealing the flat smooth surface of the ship where people she saw were running towards the life boats and fighter jet planes. 
The Kaddar grabbed her and yelled as he hauled her towards a jet “Get her on a fighter now!”
Georgina could see that the ship tipping side by side very violently as waves of water lapped on the sides as other Kaddar came helping her towards a jet. They settled her inside and she sat as the fighter jet turned itself on and started moving pass people running from inside the bowls of the battleship. With a burst of speed the jet rolled down the flat top of the surface of the battleship and flew into the air. 
Georgina ordered “Jet circle.” 
The Jet flying in the air circled around the scene. Georgina watched as the battleship tipped towards its side and suddenly went into the ocean with an explosion of fire sinking into the waters below. 
“Master Shuen! Georgina yelled pounding on the window of the jet which suddenly stopped circling and took off in a direction trailing white smoke out of the back of the jet. 
Georgina cried to herself as the jet flew speeding in the air on its unknown course. 

Lun Yan grumbled to himself. It was a sun since he was free of the wooden stocks. Lun Yan was still angry about his father Grudik had forced fed him with a bottle which humiliated Lun Yan himself. He stomped around the forest remembering the other older children laughing at him as Grudik force fed him with a gonoid skin bottle. Lun Yan could hear their taunts echoing in his head as he leaned against a tree and leaned his head back staring at the sky. He heard a cry of distress which broke out of his reverie. Lun Yan shook his head and wandered further into the forest till he heard another sound like a scream which he jogged towards the sound. Walking around the tree he heard a familiar roar and looked to see into a clearing with shock. A gonoid with horns on its head which Lun Yan saw with fear was a Blaster was edging towards one who had his back to a tree with fear on his face. Lun Yan recognized Ein, Sunniya’s sire who screamed out some nonsense sound. With a roar Lun Yan attacked the gonoid by grabbing it by the neck and twisted hard. The Gonoid shook him off and charged at Ein with horns and head low. Lun Yan put his fisted hands on the sides and charged at the gonoid as Ein yelled some nonsense sound. Catching the Blaster by the neck Lun Yan opened his mouth and bit the Gonoid’s neck sucking the bloody essence from within. He felt blood lust in his veins. The blood sang to him and called him to drink more which he did sucking till he felt the body stopped its functions and ceased. Letting go Lun Yan licked the puncture holed areas and then dropped the body while turning around to face the three tribal elders with a glare on their faces along with the others who were surrounding him.
Cloud asked angrily “Lun Yan, what have you done?”
Lun Yan spoke smirking “I saved his life from a Blaster.”
He could see Ein standing restrained by the others with hands on covering his mouth. His eyes Lun Yan saw had anger in them like the others. 
Walker spoke “Turn around and look what you did. It was no Blaster.” 
Lun Yan groaned with confusion in his face and he looked at the ground where Walker was pointing to see a body laying there of one of them with two puncture marks on the neck. Lun Yan stared at Sunniya’s lifeless body staring back at him with dead eyes. 
He protested “But I saw a Blaster attack Ein!”
He felt ropes surrounded his body, and then he was grabbed and raised up above people’s heads by their hands. They took him towards the stocks where Grudik and Daka stood watching with glares on their faces. Lun Yan was hauled towards the wood while being stripped of his clothes revealing his muscular naked glory for all to see. 
Lun Yan yelled “All I saw was a Blaster attacking Ein!”
They put him in the stocks and Lun Yan protested again yanking “Father! Mother! Don’t do this to me! Please don’t exile me!”
He saw the elders came forward and laid their hands on his head and he struggled with all his might and then he felt himself falling into the ground falling into the darkness below and screamed. 

A sound of water lapping and rocking woke him up. He opened his golden eyes with no memory like a newborn and sat up from the small boat that surrounded him, that was speeding through the water on an aimless course zigzagging. The sun was high in the sky warming him. Wrapped around his muscular body was a large piece of blue cloth which he shrugged off showing his naked form. He swatted his long black silky hair from around his face. He looked around with a new eyed wonder at the vast water lapping against the boat as far as he could see. The male was tempted to stick his hand in the water but some instinct prevailed as he felt something rocking against his naked form in the boat. He touched the object to see it was round and circular with a soft tip peeking out of one end. Inside the object was some liquid attached to it was a ropey like object which he followed with his eyes to see it was wrapped around his left ankle. The male sat in the boat with confusion on his face. He frowned trying to name the object that the rope was attached to his leg but couldn’t name it. The male sighed exhaling some noise in the silence of the waters lapping against the boat. The male listened hearing a beeping noise as he looked to see something shining floating in the water a few arm lengths away from his boat. The shining thing he saw was flashing in the sun and was following the boat. The male leaned towards one end of the boat to see a thick wire like rope was attached to the boat through a round hole. He looked at the thing flashing in the water and pulled at the rope which cut his left hand. He stared at the liquid slowly dripping from his hand with shock and stared at the canister which held liquid identical to the liquid. The male sensed some sense in him calling him to lick the liquid with made him lick his lips. He reached forwards and licked his hand. The taste was familiar. He watched as the liquid on his hand stopped dripping as white foam covered the cut area. With a growl the male lifted up the round and circular object and held it up to the light. He could see the liquid in it was a dark red color. He looked at the canister with a frown then let it drop in the boat. The sun slowly went down the horizon letting out the stars of night and the green moon in the sky shined. The male lay down closing his eyes as a dream came to him in his mind’s eye with confusion in his face. The dream showed a naked female with long hair like his standing there facing him in a vast field of plants of one color. The female was not ashamed of her appearance. She held up her right hand and he reached forward to take it with his left hand. 
The male saw her open her mouth and heard her say a word “Nikolas.”
The man woke up with a gasp as he stared at the star filled sky with a frown thinking of the dream. He looked around with clear night vision coming onto him as he saw in the water escorting his boat smooth like creatures that made squealing clicking sounds as they swam next to the boat. One of them threw itself into the air with an arc like circle design as the other creatures did the same. Another lifted itself up to hover in the water by the bottom of the tail and flicked its self looking at the man in the boat. The male stared at the hovering creature who then threw itself backwards into a twisting flip. Other creatures escorting did the same as if they were looking at him. The man looked as he saw them turn away swimming towards the horizon as he saw something flashed like the thing attached to the boat on the darken horizon. The male leaned in the boat watching the flashing light come waving nearer towards him. He sat in the boat hear a rumbling sound as the large flashing light came towards him nearer and nearer. The flashing light was attached to a large object which he saw was designed like his boat but bigger. He flinched from the brightness of a light shined in his golden eyes temporary blinding him. The male heard a yell like sound and watched as the boat reached his small boat. Then he felt some prick of pain on his left shoulder to see a round cylinder object sticking out of his shoulder. The male growled out some sound showing fanged teeth. 
He heard a word spoken as sleepiness overcame him “Nikolas.”

He woke up feeling a powerful urge and opened his golden eyes from lying on a bedded mattress. Looking around he was in a square boxy room with a small round window on one side and the floor was dirty dirt. Light of the day shined in the small rounded window. He stood up, found self wearing some skinned clothing that covered his legs and reached his waist. His senses told him that the covering were vital to his survival. He walked around feeling the walls they were cool to the touch. He looked to hear noises coming from a wall from behind him. Part of the wall slid opened to show a humanoid figure dressed in sky blue color, dirt colored skin and had long night colored hair like his with streaks of grey in it, which was pulled back. 
His mind told him “Emperor Shintaro Tanaka."
Emperor spoke words which he understood the meaning behind the words and the language “Nikolas, if you want anything you just have to ask.” 
Nikolas stared at the Emperor and spoke words gnashing fanged teeth with understanding the words coming out of his mouth “Someone to mate with.” 
Emperor spoke “I get it.” 

The door slid closed and the Emperor stood outside the door with a frown on his face. He scratched his pointed ear out of habit and walked towards a row of grass huts. He was escorted by three male guards also in dark blue clothing but they had feathered furry heads instead of hair but had Human like faces of the species Rania. The Emperor walked towards a hut and stood with arms folded. He silently entered the hut to see a female with long dark earth colored hair wearing a light tan brown dress stood in the hut. There was a male with shorter earth colored hair stood facing her wearing tan colored pants. They were nearly about to undress which the Emperor sensed judging by their hands, and narrowed his eyes while speaking an ahem sound. 
The two Humans jumped apart guiltily staring at the Emperor who spoke in the Human language called Summeran “No, he’s not right for you. I have someone better.” 
The female asked speaking the same language “Your majesty, Emperor Tanaka, whose is better than Victor here?”
Emperor Tanaka gestured to the female to follow him and she followed him out of the grass hut towards the metal hut which the Emperor turned gestured. 
The female protested yelling “No! I’m not mating with Nikolas!”
She was grabbed by the Emperor’s escorts that held her in a tight grip. The female’s retort was silenced by the Emperor with a brown almond shaped eyed glare. 
The Emperor spoke “I expect my orders to be obeyed, Georgina. You will mate with him and will carry his children for him. If you refused I may take drastic action against the others starting with Victor.” 
The female, Georgina gulped and he slid open the door to the metal boxy hut. Georgina groaned as she was pushed inside the hut and stood facing the male called Nikolas who was leaning his long haired head against the wall facing it with his hands while clawing the wall. She stood frowning as the door behind her slid shut with a bang trapping her with Nikolas. She could sense Nikolas peering at her with his golden eyes through his hair from his leaning position as he clawed the wall with his hands. He was at the other end of the hut still in his position. 
She heard him speak in a masculine voice that rumbled guttural like “This will not be the last time I’ll mate with you, Georgina.” 
Georgina folded her arms and sarcastically asked “Oh really?”
Nikolas instead of answering her raised his head and stared at her with an intense look as he flexed his hands on the walls. Georgina frowned staring at him while looking at his arms. She noticed that his arms were curvier with muscle which he flex his arm bunching the muscle up. He pushed himself away from the wall and stood facing her with a gaze as he looked her up and down. The dress she was wearing was short and barely covered her knees and showed her arms that were a bit muscular. The dress he saw showed her chest which she was trying vainly to hide with her folded arms. Nikolas put his hands together to his sides and fisted them with the arms stiff. Georgina blinked her eyes to see one moment he was at the end of the hut and then he was standing inches away from her. She abruptly lowered her arms to the sides. Her top of the head came up to the edge of his shoulders and she could see the details of his upper chest which was heaving in and out gulping large breaths. The chest was muscular and appealed to her to touch him there. 
Nikolas asked her with fanged teeth “You don’t want me to lose my control do you?”
Georgina answered “No.”
She shook her head stiffening as he raised a hand towards her with a wide eyed look.
Nikolas spoke “I won’t hurt you.” 
She wide eyed stared at him as he continued “I’ll only bring pleasure to you if you want me.” 
He raised another hand. Then he moved his hands towards her arms till they were nearly contacting with her skin. She jolted stiffening feeling some electrical current coming from his hands as they touched her arms. 
She sighed and admitted “I’ve never mated before.” 
Nikolas spoke “I haven’t either.” 
She sensed Nikolas’ was keeping himself under control as to not to hurt her. He rubbed her arms with his hands feeling the electrical jolts from his touch. Then his hands brought her closer towards him till she was embraced in a hug with Nikolas’ arms wrapped around her form. He sighed out a sound of pleasure struggling not to lose control with the war rumbling inside him. Georgina sighed being held in his arms. She could sense rumbling like growls from his chest as he held her. She felt him let go of her and with a growling like sound. Georgina stared at him as he reached for the edges of her dress around her knees. She didn’t object as he pulled the dress with a careful slowness over her head revealing her naked form. She looked at Nikolas who pulled his pants off revealing his muscular glory for her to see and he tossed them aside. Georgina stared at his most sensitive part that was seen as he growled some sound of pleasure. 
Nikolas snapped “I’m sorry, Georgina, losing control here.”
Next thing she knew Nikolas had grabbed her and laid her on the mattress with one of his hands on her chest as he lay on top of her covering her body. 
He paused with a growl as she wrapped her arms around his neck and she moved her legs to wrap around his middle. She was feeling pleasured feelings of electricity as he entered her with his sensitive part. She laid still gripping Nikolas as he let the animal inside him come out roaring flexing in and out of her. She sigh a moan feeling jolts of electricity as he shattered a barrier inside her with a thrust. Georgina felt a moment of pain but the feeling went away as Nikolas rhythmically moved in and out of her pumping his sensitive part. Georgina rolled her eyes letting the feelings of pleasure overtake her while she gripped him with her legs urging him on, with a roar Nikolas emptied himself inside her completely embedded inside as she gave a loud moaning like shriek. 

Nikolas lay asleep besides Georgina on the mattress with her head on his chest. 
He sigh some sound of pleasure and spoke “Georgina.” 
He wrapped his arms around her as he snuggled closer with a sigh and heard the familiar squeal of the metal hut opening. Nikolas was instantly on his feet with Georgina behind him growling at the Emperor standing at the opening of the hut. 
The Emperor stood and ordered “Georgina, it’s almost sunset, leave him now.” 
Nikolas snarled some growling sound as Georgina whispered “They’ll knock you out, Nikolas, to get me out.” 
Nikolas stood there stewing as he saw Georgina picked up her discarded dress and put it on. Nikolas caught his pants from her tossing them to him which he stuffed his legs in and pulled it on. He stood with his arms folded with a glaring stare at the Emperor as Georgina left the hut and then the doors slid shut. Nikolas stomped towards the small rounded window looking to see Georgina walking towards one of the grass huts. A male figure with tan pants like Nikolas’ self but with similar colored hair as Georgina’s came out and escorted her towards a hut. Nikolas watched with disgust as they entered the hut and disappeared into the opening. 

Nikolas looked out the window to see Georgina came walking towards the metal hut where he was kept prisoner. Georgina came walking towards the metal hut where Nikolas was still kept prisoner her when pain racked her body. 
“Uh!” she said as he saw her jerked forward as in pain putting her hand on the metal hut near a round window above her head. 
Nikolas reached out an arm and touched her head which she looked up and he raised his hand towards her hand. She felt a hand touch her head and looked up to see the hand belonging to an arm that was out of the opening. The hand stopped touching her head to rise near her hand. 
Nikolas spoke “Georgina.” 
Georgina heard her name said from Nikolas “Georgina.” 
Georgina he saw jerked forward one hand on her abdomen and her left hand on the wall. Nikolas touched her left hand on the wall with his right hand. He grimaced hearing Georgina groaning as she leaned against the wall in pain. Nikolas howled some distress call while hearing Georgina gasping as she gripped his hand in her hand in a tight grip.
Georgina groaned remembering the night while asleep in the straw hut with Victor watching her that the pains started as her abdomen got bigger. This time the pains were getting worse. She could barely hear Nikolas howl from his prison as pain went through her. Gasping she gripped the hand in her hand in a tight grip. 
The Human slaves who were busy putting seeds in the ground were alarmed when they heard the howls from the metal hut. Victor who was ordered by the overseer to take care of Georgina went towards the hut but only to be stopped by one of the masters flicking his whip at him. The master with his feathered furry head and almond shaped eyes narrowed at Victor. Victor pointed at the hut and was about to speak when the master flicked the whip at him and made Victor go back to the others. The Humans groaned but the master was apparently not getting the message. Each time one of them ran to the hut the master was there with his long whip whacking away on them and then the Master pulled out his gun weapon. The Humans groaned as they saw the gun weapon for any human escaping would be shot and the bullet wouldn’t be taken out till their work was done.

The sun was nearly down the horizon as Nikolas was brimming with impatience. 
He grumbled to himself “Where are they and are they coming or not?” 
He could sense Georgina had both hands on his hand with her head was on his arm gripping him in a tight grip. The sun was nearly down the horizon inside the mansion like white house sat the Emperor with a frown at his desk in a room overlooking the fields where the Humans were working putting seeds in the ground. Tanaka was frowning while hearing one of his officers’ reports to him. 
The officer was saying “The slaves were a little distracted by the noise that Nikolas was making in the metal hut.”
Tanaka rubbed his pointed ear and got up to look out the window to see the slaves working away in the field. He noticed they kept looking at the metal hut with a pained expression on their faces. Groaning, Tanaka walked out of the house towards the fields. He looked to see the slaves pointing at the metal hut as they continued their work when they saw him. Tanaka walked across the field towards the hut escorted by his officers. 
Reaching it he sensed something else and broke in a jog to around the hut yelling “Get the medic now!” 
Nikolas heard a male voice yell “Get the medic now!” 
Nikolas peered out the window to see the Emperor running into his line of sight. He saw the Emperor kneel and raise Georgina’s dress which he looked. The Emperor went around the hut to see Georgina holding Nikolas’ hand with both hands while leaning against the wall of the hut in distress. Her head was on Nikolas’ arm gripping his arm in a tight grip. Tanaka froze wondering what to do and he saw a piece of cloth obviously a pillowcase come out of the opening above Georgina and grabbed it. Nikolas bent down and picked up the discarded pillowcase near his foot and pushed it out the window which the Emperor caught. Kneeling besides Georgina, Tanaka pulled her dress up and checked her to see that the baby’s head was nearly out. He took the cloth and put it against the area where she was pushing the baby out and waited as he felt for the baby. With his help and Georgina’s pushing from within there was a squealing cry as the baby was born. He held the baby in the cloth in his arms as Georgina relaxed against Nikolas’ arm. Nikolas sighed as he heard a squealing cry of a baby and felt Georgina relax her hold against his arm. He saw the Emperor hand Georgina the baby wrapped in the pillowcase which she gripped as she yanked the afterbirth from inside her. He kept his eyes on Georgina while placing a hand on her head as the medic with antennas on his head arrived to examine her and the baby. 
He heard Nikolas speak one word “Georgina.” 
Tanaka saw that the baby was a male, and he spoke “Yevgeny” 
He pronounced the name as Yevjenny as he handed the baby to Georgina who let go of Nikolas’ arm. 
She took the baby and with a yank on the baby’s cord from inside her and took out the afterbirth and wrapped the baby tighter in the cloth while in her arms. Sighing she felt Nikolas put a hand on her head and she moaned a bit while leaning onto the metal hut trying to relax from the pain. The medic arrived, examined the baby and Georgina. He was quick to cut off the after birth and the cord attached to it to form a belly button for the baby. 
He heard the Medic tell the Emperor “The baby is fine and so is the mother.” 
The medic nodded he saw as the Emperor dismissed him with a wave of a hand escorting Georgina carrying the baby towards a hut. Nikolas pulled his hands back into the hut and saw the Emperor watching him peering through the hole with a frown. 
Nikolas heard the Emperor speak out of Georgina’s ear shot “Once she’s ready, you will mate with her again.” 
Nikolas roared out “I’m not putting her through this again!”
Tanaka spoke “Yes you will, Nikolas for you will do what I order you or I will take action against Georgina and your son Yevgeny.” 
Nikolas growled some sound of displeasure as Tanaka left the hut.-
The voice was interrupted by boos and hisses followed by a female voice speaking loudly "Cut the noises! The story is getting interesting anyway."
The male voice speaking the tale in front of the campfire kept on speaking ignoring the booing and hissing.
Nikolas stood leaning against the hole in the wall feeling the fresh air as he felt the urge coming to him again. Time he didn’t know how long it was and time didn’t matter to him for the urge was again hitting him. He barely heard the door to the hut slid open and looked to see Georgina pushed into the hut with a frown on her face. 
He heard her groan out as the door slid closed “Not again.” 
Nikolas sat on the ground with his back on the wall with a groan as he spoke weakly “I’m not doing that again.”
Georgina he saw frowned as she went to sit next to Nikolas she looked at him. 
He felt the urge get stronger as Georgina spoke “Why are you-“
Nikolas stared at her face with a gaze like a predator seeing a prey as she cut herself off. He felt Georgina keeping herself still as he got on his knees grabbing her closer towards him. He yanked the dress off of Georgina revealing her after pregnancy form. Her chest Nikolas saw with sexual haze was larger from feeding the baby Yevgeny and her abdomen was a little rounded but a little flat. He pulled his pants off of himself with the left hand while the other hand gently gripped her neck and he kept his golden eyes on her face. Georgina was silent as he pulled her on top of him, his sensitive part entering her. Georgina’s arms he felt went around his shoulders as he lay on the ground with her on top of him. Nikolas’ control snapped as he gripped her hips and moved in and out of her as she matched his rhythm. They moved within each other matching rhythms. Nikolas roared as he spilled himself inside Georgina while hearing her give out a hoarse cry while collapsing on top of him as he felt the currents of sexual haze go through him. 

Nikolas slept while hearing Georgina sighed and shifted as she lay on top of him. He had pulled himself out of her and was asleep with her cuddled in his grip. Georgina he sensed stared at his face as he opened his eyes and looked at her. 
Georgina asked “Nikolas, do you remember coming here?”
Nikolas rumbled a growl as he spoke “I remember being on a boat floating through the water with something making some flashing and a noise.”
He held up his left hand showing Georgina a remnant of a scar on the palm of his hand. 
He added with disgust “I cut myself on the rope holding the thing. I was found by the others with a bigger boat in the moon time. I don’t remember anything else but I do know that I drink blood to survive.” 
Georgina spoke “I was on a flying machine that landed in a shallow pond not far from here where the master found me.” 
Nikolas spoke “Master? You meant the Emperor.” 
Georgina spoke “Yes.” 
Nikolas growled as he and Georgina both looked up to hear a squeal of the door to the metal hut opening as the Emperor stood outside. 
The Emperor he saw gestured with a hand. Groaning Nikolas got up and walked towards where his pants were and put them on. He saw Georgina put on her dress as she walked towards the opening where the Emperor waited. Nikolas stood with arms folded as she walked out and then the door slid closed. 
The Emperor he saw gestured with a hand. Groaning Nikolas got up and walked towards where his pants were and put them on. He saw Georgina put on her dress as she walked towards the opening where the Emperor waited. Nikolas stood with arms folded as she walked out and then the door slid closed. 

Nikolas heard a sound of the door to the metal hut open following by the familiar sound of a tube rattle indicating food which was blood. Nikolas looked to see one of the Humans was standing just outside the door of the hut facing him. Nikolas charged using his super speed and felt two metals like objects clamp onto his wrists. He blinked his eyes to see that he was outside the hut and in place of a human was the Emperor. Nikolas groaned as he felt a headache come onto him. Groaning they led him towards one of the grass straw huts where Nikolas stared to see Georgina came out with a pleasant look on her face. She came to him and gave him a hug, as he could hear Yevgeny his son crying from within the hut. Looking over her he saw one of the Humans came out holding Yevgeny. Nikolas frowned as the Human handed Yevgeny to Georgina who stopped wailing to stare with eyes like Georgina’s and then the Human walked away leaving Nikolas with Georgina. Georgina saw Nikolas look at his son with a prideful look on his face as she held Yevgeny. He put a hand on her swollen abdomen where another child lay kicking from within with a frown. Georgina stared at him as Nikolas sighed and wrapped his arms around her and his son Yevgeny. The moment was short lived for Nikolas was soon escorted back into the hut with a tube of blood for him to suck on. Nikolas felt his chains yanked and was soon escorted back into the hut by the Emperor’s guards who released him from the chains. He was given the familiar tube of blood for him to suck on. He drank in the hut with relaxation sitting with his back to the wall. 

The sun was barely down the horizon as Victor, a Human came running towards the overseer who stood with a narrowed eyed glare watching as Victor pointed towards the metal hut with panic on his face. The over seer howled some bellowing call towards the mansion as Victor came running towards the hut. The medic with the Emperor arrived around the hut to see Georgina sitting on the ground with a hand on her swollen abdomen below the window of the hut. Her face was tear streaked and in distress. The Emperor with the medic’s help helped her and soon there was a squealing cry of a baby crying. 
Georgina sighed as the baby was placed onto her lap and the medic stared at the Emperor speaking for Georgina to hear “It begins.”
She stared at the baby which was a girl with similar colored eyes like herself but with pointed ears like the Emperor himself but her skin was lighter compared to his tan skin. 
She heard the Emperor speak in Summeran “Call the girl child Yevengina.” 

The weather was raining hard outside as Shintaro stood watching out the window of his office. The slaves were brought inside all except one, he thought to himself. Sighing he turned and faced Georgina who stood watching him intensively. 
The Emperor spoke in Summeran “Go retrieve Nikolas, and remember the code to the door also put your hand on his chest if he speeds.” 
Georgina nodded and then the Emperor dismissed her with a wave of his hand. She left the room followed by two guards. They escorted her to the double thick doors of the entrance to the mansion. Georgina tried not to let nervousness show as she passed the Human slaves sitting in chains watching her. Two were holding onto her children Yevgeny and Yevengina who were asleep cuddled in the slaves’ arms. Yevgeny she could see had a shock of sun colored hair and had his thumb in his mouth as he slept. She also stole a look at Yevengina who had similar hair color. Georgina could see her daughter sleeping held in Victor’s arms. The guards slid open the double doors and pushed her out. She quickly ran through the rain towards the metal hut where Nikolas was kept prisoner. 
Reaching the door she slid it open yelling in Summeran and walked inside “Nikolas, come out its pouring buckets out there!”
Nikolas, she saw through the dim light from the small window, was leaning on the wall head down facing the wall with both hands clawing it. 
Georgina spoke “Nikolas, please.’
She was about to open her mouth to speak again when Nikolas abruptly looked at her with a look she recognized before. It was the desire to mate. She saw him put his hands on his sides a gesture which she recognized that he was about to use his super speed. Georgina raised her right hand as he charged towards her. Her hand met his muscular chest over his heart as he grabbed Georgina by the arms and yanked her closer towards him. They were touching body to body with the fabric of her dress pasted between from the rain. Next thing she knew she threw her legs around his body and as he dropped his pants. Georgina didn’t think but only acted as she wrapped her arms around his shoulders as he leaned her against the wall and peel part of her dress off her legs. The urge to mate was strong as Nikolas thrust himself to the hilt inside her. She met his rhythm of thrusts of him going in and out of her. With a roaring cry he spilled himself inside her as she shook from the waves of pleasure. They stood in that position then Nikolas abruptly withdrew from her and pulled his pants back on. Georgina sighed as she pulled her dress down that was plastered to her body. Nikolas pulled her towards him and lifted her up and carried her out of the metal hut using his super speed. 
He heard Georgina speak “Nikolas, follow the light.”
She pointed to a dim lit light that was barely shining through the hard rain. Nikolas charged towards the light reaching the double doors of the mansion. He held Georgina as she knocked in code on the door. The door slid open and the two went inside. Nikolas felt Georgina taken from his arms and something was waved in front of his nose making him feel sleepy.  He barely felt the chains attached to him and a blanket wrapped around his body with Georgina sitting on his lap blanket around her. 

Shintaro stood in his office frowning and he poured a drink in a small cup and held it up towards the ceiling. 
He spoke speaking in Shonsurran his native language of the nation Shonsurra, “Alright, Drainer, I detect you. Come down and drink, as my guest.” 
He was rewarded when a figure silently dropped down from the ceiling. The figure Shintaro saw was dressed in black, with pants that wrapped around the ankles. There was a breast plate vest on the chest of the figure and manacles wrapped around the figure’s wrists. Shintaro looked at the face and there was a black skin like face with yellow orbs glowing from it surrounded by long black hair that was pulled back in tail. Shintaro stared at the figure with a frown with recognizing that it was the Drainer Hades. Hades reached for the drink of blood held in Shintaro’s hand which he gave it to him. Hades drank it in one gulp and noticed Shintaro had a napkin in his hand. With a growl Hades took the napkin and wiped the black face that showed golden orbs where the eyes were. Then Hades crumbled the napkin and dropped it on the desk Shintaro stood behind watching him. 
Shintaro spoke “As my guest you should learn some manners.” 
Hades growled out in a male tone “Manners are not important.” 

Suns pass Georgina stood outside the metal hut and was about to enter when she saw a figure Hades came out. She stood watching him as he stared at her and with a shrug walked around her towards one of the male slaves. Georgina could sense something familiar with the Drainer but entered the metal hut. Hades with super speed grabbed a male Human slave and bit the male’s neck drinking the blood from within. He frowned hearing a scream but continued drinking. 
The scream got louder with the word “Help!” 
Hades with disgust licked the male’s neck and walked towards the metal hut to see at the opening was a figure with golden sun eyes, black pants standing inside with black hair pulled back. The figure was a male with his face in a snarl. Hades stood watching the figure stepped forward and disappeared in a flash of white light in the opening of the hut. Growling Hades stepped into the metal hut. 

The slaves did their work watching the Emperor came walking around the hut and entered the hut’s entrance. Then they saw Hades came out carrying Georgina who appeared to be battered and bruised judging by the black and blue marks on her arms and legs. Hades came followed by the Emperor. 
Hades snarled in Summeran to the slaves “I have a score to settle with the fool who did this to my mate friend.” 
The slaves gasped as Hades yanked his mask off his face revealing Nikolas who hit the ground unconscious to their shock-
The male voice was interrupted by boos and hisses followed by Jason's loud voice speaking loudly "As Brianna says, cut the noises and continue on the story!"
A female voice obeyed to speak:
Georgina well healed stood facing the Emperor who was frowning. She bent down as a headache came into her with pain. He gestured to his guards who abruptly stuck a needle into her arm and she fell unconscious. The gentle rocking of a boat woke her up. She looked around to see that she was in a large dim lighted room with other Human slaves there. She looked at herself to see that she was wearing a blue dress. The dress covered her body from the top with sleeves and reached her knees. She could see Victor sitting nearby staring at her and his eyes went down gesturing something. Georgina felt herself and could sense that she was pregnant again according to Victor’s stare. Her abdomen she felt through the dress was again swollen with child and she could sense there were two babies inside her. 
She asked “Victor, what’s going on?” 
Victor replied “We’re on a boat cargo hold to Americania, Georgina.”
Georgina spoke “Americania? That name is familiar I think.”
Victor stood up and pointed while speaking “The master lies dead or disappeared.”
Georgina looked to see from her sitting position where Victor was pointing. Lying on a slab with arms folded was the Emperor with chains holding his body to the slab.
Georgina groaned and got up as she spoke “What happened to the Emperor?”
Victor reached for her but she held up a hand and she walked towards the Emperor’s body with him following her. 
She stared at the body with a frown as Victor spoke “There was a rebellion by the people of Shonsurra according to the masters. The Emperor died as a result but he did order us free to Americania.”
The boat lurched and Georgina felt Victor catch her as she nearly fell backwards. 
He let go of her and spoke again “The Emperor freed us Humans.” 
Georgina sighed and looked at Victor while speaking “Where’s Yevie and Yeva?”
Nicknames of her two children as Victor pointed towards another end of the cargo hold room. Yevgeny was walking unsteadily on his feet with both hands held by a Human as Yevengina was looking at her brother while being held by another Human. With a sigh Georgina walked towards her two children with Victor following behind. 
Yevgeny seeing his mother squealed out “Ma!” 
She heard Victor speak “His first word.” 
Georgina walked towards her son who the Human helped Yevgeny walked toward his mother. Reaching each other Yevgeny with the Human’s help was held in his mother’s arms. She sighed smoothing his long hair out of his face as she held her son. She looked to see Yevengina reaching out with her arms from being held by a Human towards her. 
Victor spoke “You need to sit, Georgina, for the baby.” 
Georgina corrected him “Babies, I think I’m carrying two.” 
Victor ordered “Sit.” 
Georgina went to the wall and sat with her back to the wall and leaned against the wall with her back to it. She sensed the Human holding Yevengina placed her in her arms. Georgina sighed as she felt Yevengina poke her in the abdomen where the twins lay inside her. Georgina looked at Yevengina who stopped poking to look at her mother in the face then she laid her head on her shoulder. She sensed Yevgeny snuggle closer to his sister and he closed his eyes as he laid his head on her shoulder. Georgina fell asleep. During her sleep she could sense the other Humans and Victor surrounding her with their bodies as they went to lay down asleep. 

The boat stopped its rocking as the door to the cargo hold opened. Georgina woke up to see herself surrounded by Humans who were standing up facing the large cargo hold doors. Figures she saw came walking inside the room and some were attempting to free the Emperor’s body from the chains of the slab. 
She heard a male voice speaking in Summeran saying “Is any one of you called Georgina?”
She sensed Victor and another Human take Yevgeny and Yevengina from her arms as she was helped to stand and pulled to face the speaker. The speaker she saw was a male like the Emperor’s species of Highlander, by the facial features with pointed ears. He was dressed in black pants with a top that had a red cloth slash through it. 
The figure seeing her gasped and spoke “Georgina Visser.”
Georgina stared with a frown as she asked “How did you know my name?”
He stared at her intensively as he answered “I’m called Lyu Jiang, President Leader of Americania. I knew your father Yevgeny Visser.” 
Lyu frowned as Georgina stared at him with a confused expression on her face. 
He added “All of you were mind wiped to forget your past.”
Lyu heard the Humans mutter among each other as Georgina stared at him with shock on her face. 
She frowned as Lyu ordered “Come along then. Let’s get out of this boat and get you all some place on land.” 
Wordlessly Georgina followed Lyu with the others out of the boat towards a large gangplank like bridge that led to a large dock. She blinked her eyes to see that there were tall towering buildings high in the sky nearby. Frowning Georgina walked looking around following Lyu who led them to a large tent area with people who had strange equipment with them. She could see that they were of the species Monarch who were also known for their Medics. 
Reaching them Lyu addressed the Humans “It’s alright, their here for your well being.” 
Some of the medics came forward and stared waving long arm sized devices over each of the Humans. Georgina didn’t protest as Victor picked her up and carried her towards one of the beds under the tent. 
He spoke to the medic a male’s stare “I’m not the father, just her caretaker.” 
The medic spoke in the same language “I get it.” 
Georgina lay back watching as the medic moved a scanner over her and her swollen abdomen. She sighed watching the medic looking at a monitor while moving the device over her. 
She heard the medic speaks “Appears that you’re having twins, looks like a male and female.” 
Georgina spoke in a far away voice while staring at the screen of the monitor box “I’ll call them Mykaru and Malaja.” 
She blinked her eyes to when the medic abruptly waved a device with a light at the end, in her eyes. 
The medic spoke to Victor “She’ll be having the twins soon. It’s best to have her have them in the hospital where we can monitor them.” 
Georgina looked at the medic and asked “What about my offsprings?”
The medic stared at her as Victor replied “She has two older offsprings. A Human named Yevgeny and a Highlander named Yevengina.” 
The medic was about to speak when Lyu came walking towards them carrying Yevgeny and his sister. 
He spoke “They insisted on seeing their mother.” 
Lyu handed the children to their mother who sat up to hold them. 
Georgina noticed the medic ran a scanner over her children with a frown and look at Lyu who spoke “Go ahead and tell her the results.” 
With a sound the Medic spoke “Yevgeny according to scanners has some sort of anomaly of a species which I’m unsure of other than Human. Yevengina appears to be normal for her species, Highlander.”
Georgina frowned hearing the medic’s words but kept her mouth shut as she heard yelling coming from behind her. She looked to see a several medics were waving their long arm scanners while yelling at a taller than them figure. The figure Georgina and others saw had short black colored hair and was wearing pants that wrapped around the ankles and feet with a breastplate vest and manacles. The figure in black she saw was a male was swatting the medics with hands and was growling some roar while the medics were keeping him away from the Humans. 
Georgina heard Lyu snarl out “Claws, the Killers’ leader.”
Claws did a jump and flew over the medics and ran towards the Humans under the tent. Several medics started running towards the male that ran through the tent with their scanners waving as weapons. Claws, Georgina saw as her children clutched her in fear, had a pale face with all black eyes and paused when he looked in her direction. 
Georgina frowned as Lyu who stood in front of Georgina while speaking “Touch her and you’ll pay for that, Claws.” 
Claws, she assumed darted through a tent opening and disappeared with a flash of lightening. 
She saw Lyu looking at her with a frown who spoke “Until he is challenged the Killers are running free to make people disappear with their killing.” 

Hades walked through the forests of a large island looking for something. He stood and walked towards a cliff wall over looking a valley. He had traveled towards this island aimlessly without a care flying in a globe surrounding him. He reached the island and stood till he saw a black figure flying which was a running jog with legs swinging in a stand up position while in the air among the tree tops down below. Hades wondered what made him so angry to want to hurt that figure so he jumped and flew similar jog style towards the tree where he last saw the black figure. Sniffing the air, Hades looked through the branches to see a figure down below talking to a Human face creature with clawed hands wearing black pants that wrapped around the ankles and feet. The sun was shining through the branches as Hades watched the clawed Human talk to the figure in black. The figure in black was dressed like Hades himself but Hades saw had a pale white face with black eyes and short black hair that he recognized was Claws the Killers’ leader. Hades jumped and dropped down through the tree branches intending to drop onto Claws who did an acrobatic move swinging himself out of the way. Hades landed on the ground silently with the snarl facing Claws the leader and roared. Claws snarled some sound as his lip curled into a sneer then he turned and flew into the bushes which Hades roaring followed him. He was following Claws who was leading towards one of the gates that led to Americania’s city of Atlanta. The gate flashed as Claws went through with Hades chasing him. Hades stood in the darkness of the forest bordering the city’s stadium with his night vision taking over. He could hear people from inside the area stadium yelling noises too hard to make out. Hades ducked as Claws flying towards him swinging his legs and they both stood facing each other. Claws raised his fist and ran towards the stadium walls with Hades in pursuit. 

Inside the stadium Lyu Jiang the Americanian president was speaking through a microphone abruptly cut himself off. The cameras switched from Lyu to the sides of the stadium walkway in front of the dais where he stood. There was a globe which appeared in a ball of lightening forming a shield that got bigger forming a large box. Lyu looked up to hear the crowd yelling and pointing in the sky as two figures in black came flying down from above with legs swinging. The two figures Lyu saw were in black and they easily landed on the walkway inside the box without effort. 
Lyu spoke voice speaking as the stadium went silent “Claws, the Killers’ leader has been challenged by Hades.” 
Lyu could hear mutters and grumbling among the people in the stadium. 

Claws in the shield box pointed a finger at Hades who roared. Both clashed fighting each other with fists, legs and acrobatic body moves. They were attempting to grab the opponent’s head to twist it. During the battle three of the Killers came sneaking into the stadium from behind the stands. The three peered behind the flag where a golden chair sat. They watched the Hades and Claws battle each other with interests. Suddenly Hades using super speed disappeared in front of Claws and appeared behind him snapping his neck with such force. Claws fell lifeless towards the ground lying on his stomach. Hades swung his fist and slammed it into Claws’ back as the Killers’ former leader disappeared into a blinding flash of lightening. The shield wall disappeared as Hades turned to face Lyu still standing in front of a microphone. He counted three fingers and pointed where Lyu stood hearing growls coming from behind him. The crowd stared with shock as three figures came out from behind Lyu with growling towards Hades who was identical in height to them. Lyu stiffened as he saw that the three Killers had Human like faces and clawed hands. They were wearing pants identical style like Hades. The four proceeded to walk towards one of the entrances to the stadium single file with Hades taking up the rear. The entrances flashed as the four went through. 

On the island the gate flashed as the three came walking through with Hades following. 
One of them, with black colored hair in a ponytail, which stood waiting and pointed a finger at Hades speaking “We are called Surrai for you will accept the name of No Face, get it?” 
Then the Surrai scattered into the forests. Hades walked around feeling pains of hunger. He walked till he came to a large lake with a rocky outcropping that had a waterfall off the cliff walls. The lake had a waterfall leading down a river towards the ocean water down a cliff wall. Hades saw the Surrai drinking water from their hands which they would scoop into the water and then raise to their lips. Hades sat kneeling on the rocky outcropping. He sensed a presence behind him and grabbed the figure throwing the Surrai into the water. The Surrai he saw was a female who struggled in the water to stay a float. He watched her then got up and dived into the water as she went under. Suddenly he was grabbed by unseen hands and pulled further under water. Hades struggled not to panic as the clawed hands held him underwater yanking him. He struggled to breathe air swallowing some of the water as he fell unconscious. 

He woke up lying on the ground, hearing the Surrai arguing among them. Their conversations were over lapping. 
Hades heard one yell at him loudly “Wake up No Face, Open the Gate!” 
Hades while feeling hunger pains spoke “I don’t have the strength to do this.”
The Surrai snarled “You’re lying.” 
Hades looked at the others to hear the Surrai added “He drank enough water for this.”
Hades felt one of them grabbing him by the neck lifting up from the ground, while shouting “Open the Gate, No Face!” 
Hades respond was to cough up the water that came spilling out of his mouth area. 
He heard a different voice speak “He’s coughing up the water.” 
Hades felt the Surrai let go of him and faced the speaker while speaking “Shut your trap, Kazak.” 
Hades stood and then he rushed to place a hand on Surrai’s chest and bit swelling neck drinking the blood from within drinking his fill. 
He could hear the exclamations from the Surrai yelling “An essence drinker!”
He felt some strength return and heard Kazak’s voice speak “Drink any more and I’ll bust your neck No Face.” 
Hades could feel hands on his head and licked the puncture marks on the Surrai’s neck closed. Then he stood back with hands up as he felt Kazak’s hands release his head. Hades stood facing the Surrai with bit marks on his neck who snarled out “Open the Gate.” 
Hades simply folded his arms as Kazak came walking in his eyes sight view who he stared with shocking awareness. Kazak seemed familiar and reminded him of something important but Hades frowned at the feeling. Kazak’s face he could see was similar to this Surrai except Kazak had night colored black hair which was pulled back in a tail. 
Kazak spoke “The female, Mal is in trouble and requires your help. Open the Gate and we’ll help her.”
Hades growled and lowered his arms as a globe came from his chest and got bigger till the ball surrounded him. 
He could sense Kazak came into the globe and ordered “Fly up towards the river.” 
Growling Hades raised the globe with his hands and flew the globe up towards the river.
At the river he heard Kazak speak “Land on that tree in the middle of the river.” 
Hades could see a figure standing on top of the tallest branch on the tree in the river. He landed the globe on the tree and sensed a figure came jumping in. 
He looked to see the female called Mal with her chest covered by black material like top, in the globe speak “Take us to Kurpanov.” 
Hades obeyed and the globe reached a Surrai who stood with a scowl on his face in the middle of a clearing surrounded by Surrai. He was rubbing his neck where Hades bit him with puncture marks. Hades closed the globe and groaned as he felt the pain hitting him in the chest along with hunger pains. 
“I must feed” Hades said out loud towards the Surrai. 
The Surrai rubbing his neck growled out “Kazak, it’s your turn.”
Kazak stood as Hades put a hand on his chest and made his neck swell. Hades fed but heard the Surrai’s familiar voice speak “Don’t drink too much.” 
As an image came to Hades mind’s eye, he saw he was in a field and was walking towards a metal like structure with an opening and saw Kazak standing there facing him from inside. Kazak’s face was in a snarl and he walked forward to disappear in a flash of lightening. 
Hades felt hands on his head and heard a Surrai voice speak “Stop drinking now or I’ll bust your neck.” 
He obeyed licking the puncture holes from his teeth closed and then let go of Kazak. Hades turned to face a Surrai with sun colored hair pulled back who spoke “The name’s Yugadin one of the commanders, to Leader Kurpanov and don’t you forget it.” 
Hades stared at Yugadin who continued “Kurpanov the Surrai you first drank from is the leader of the Surrai and not Night Eyes or you, No Face.”
Hades, at the Night Eyes remark groaned out “Claws.” 
He heard the Surrai which he identified as Kurpanov at his left speak “Get your seat over here and introduce yourself.”  
Hades looked towards his right to see another Surrai with sun colored hair also pulled back came walking towards him while speaking “The name’s Nemovsky, another one of the commanders to Leader Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov walked in Hades’ line of sight snarling out “You’re the bait as assumed Leader with the Ters, while I’m the leader of the Surrai.”  
Hades asked “Who’s the Ters?”
Kurpanov responded “The Ters are the natives who saw you bust Night Eyes’ seat.”
Kurpanov added “Trevor and Yolly will take him to the table for No Face to get some rest.” 
Hades sensed two Surrai standing at his side grabbed his arms and pulled him through the forests of trees out of the clearing where the other Surrai were standing watching them leave. With a growl Hades shook the hands off his arms and gestured with a hand in front of him, for the two Surrai, one with night colored hair and the other with sun colored hair to lead. 
One of them with the night colored hair spoke “I’m called Trevor and this is Yolly.” 
Hades paused as he heard two howling like roars coming from behind him. 
He sensed Yolly’s clawed hand on his shoulder as he looked behind him to see the trees and Yolly speaking “Don’t worry about that. It’s just Kurpanov and Mal.”
Hades sighed and followed the two Surrai walking among a maze of trees. 
The two Surrai reached a thick bush surrounded by two thick trees and pulled the branches apart. Hades groaned seeing what Kurpanov meant by table. The bush removal revealed a large square clearing with the ground filled with white rocks of many sizes and in the middle was a large horizontal rectangle slab sitting on top of two standing vertical slabs. The clearing was surrounded by a jungle mess of trees and bushes. Sighing Hades walked forward with a frown stepping onto the rocks. 
He heard Trevor say “The table is your sanctuary, for only you and Kurpanov can enter.” 
Hades turned to see the bushes revert back to their positions as Yolly and Trevor left him.

Hades sat on the table slab with his legs cross folded around him with his head down asleep. He felt a hand on each of his two legs and opened his eyes wearily to face Kurpanov’s angry face. The shining green moon was up in the sky and the sun was already down the horizon. 
Hades wearily asked “Something I can do for you, Kurpanov?”
Kurpanov’s response was to clamp a hand on Hades’ face below the golden orbs of the eyes and said “Don’t ever say my name, get it? Now kneel. You’re broadcasting your position with some light show."
Hades adjusted his legs, till he was in a kneeling position and was about to sleep when Kurpanov held his head up and spoke “Don’t even think about escaping from here. I’ll find you, No Face.” 
Kurpanov let go of Hades’ head and then walked away stomping on the rocks. Hades wearily put his head down and fell asleep. 

In a dream Hades dreamed of a Human female with brown colored hair and brown eyes. She was holding out her hands while wearing a dress of tan color that showed her features of a swollen abdomen while saying “Nikolas, help me.” 
The image faded as Hades shook his head and stayed asleep. He heard noises that sounded like whispering. He strained to hear but couldn’t understand the words. Slowly he opened his eyes to see with night vision, the bush in front of the clearing shake and he heard whispering coming out from there. With curiosity Hades stood up and walked towards the shaking bushes. He stood and pulled the bushes apart and stepped out into the darkness of the forest.  
He heard the whispering get louder as a voice said loudly above the whispering “It is Kazak the one who did this to her. Punish him!”
Hades groaned as an image came to his mind’s eye. The image showed a person’s point of view of Hades entering an opening of a room with metal all around. The Hades in the image came up towards the person who shook fists at Hades while attacking him. The person was abruptly was grabbed by Hades who laid a hand on the person’s chest and the eyes sight got fuzzy. Hades himself recalled that the eyes sight of the victim would get fuzzy whenever their neck would swell up. The view showed the eyes sight getting clearing as the person fell towards the ground and was turned to face Hades by hand. The Hades took off the face which a black skinned mask was revealing Kazak’s smirking laughing face that put the mask on the person’s face as the image faded. 
Hades stood grabbing his head as he groaned and bent down jerking as the voices spoke in unison “Kazak harmed her, punish him.” 
Hades darted running through the forests struggling to avoid the trees as he ran. He came towards a clearing and fell towards the stalk filled with grass ground panting. Next thing he knew bodies came from the ground roaring. Hades stood up to run only to be blocked by people covered in dirt. 
One of them stepped forwards and spoke which Hades recognized the voice belonging to Kurpanov “What the Gods is going on, No Face?”
Hades responded by screaming then he fainted towards the ground and was caught by one of the dirt covered Surrai.  
Kurpanov annoyed spoke “Haul his seat towards the table clearing and I’ll put him there.”

Hades groaned as the sun shined her rays through the forest canopy. 
Shaking his head he spoke out loud “What a strange dream.” 
Then he got up and walked out of the rocky clearing through the bushes in front of him. He sighed and walked in a maze of trees and reached a large clearing that was bare of grassy stalks. He wandered around the clearing then walked towards another maze of trees. He heard splashing sounds and followed the noise towards a large pond like lake from behind a tree where he saw the Surrai there. Some of the Surrai were already swimming in the lake and he saw the female, Mal in the water swimming among the males. Growling to himself he walked around the tree in their line of sight, just as one of the Surrai who was drinking from his hand stood up. Hades recognized Kurpanov and waited as Kurpanov came stomping towards him with a sneer on his face. 
Hades folded his arms as Kurpanov came up to him speaking “What the Gods is your problem, No Face? You came running into our clearing waking us up and screamed at us as we came out of sleeping quarters.” 
Hades put his arms down while feeling hunger pains as he spoke “Must feed now.” 
Kurpanov snarled out “No feeding for you, No Face-” 
Hades growled interrupting “Must feed now!”
He charged at Kurpanov using super speed grabbing him and jumped up towards a tree onto a large branch over the lake.
Hades in the tree, abruptly felt hands on his head and Surrai male voice speaking “Go ahead, feed, and don’t deter me from busting your neck.” 
With a growl of regret, Hades lifted Kurpanov as the voice roaring said again “Put him down now!”
Hades obeyed by letting Kurpanov fell into the water off the tree with a yowl. Hades felt hands twist his neck and he fell unconscious. 

Hades was traveling from the island towards over the moving ocean of the green water. He was traveling at a fast pace reaching a city with towering buildings in the sky. Reaching one building he came towards a window, he came towards a room where a brown haired female lay asleep on a bed covered in blankets. Next to the bed asleep were two babies in smaller beds with a shock of black hair. The babies were asleep and were peacefully dreaming. 
The female woke up showing brown eyes and spoke “Nikolas?”
Then there was a roaring sound as the scene faded to black. Hades groaned trying to sleep as he heard a roaring sound and ignored the sound. He felt pain as someone was kicking him in the stomach. Groaning Hades forced himself from the depths of unconscious to wake up. He felt clawed hands holding him by the arms in a standing position and he forced his head up to awake. Hades looked to see Nemovsky and Yugadin were holding him while a wet Kurpanov was pacing and roaring away waving his arms in anger. He could see the other Surrai were standing around glaring at himself. Some of the Surrai were wet like Kurpanov. They were in a clearing among trees.
Hades groaningly asked “What the Gods is going on?”
Kurpanov’s respond was to punch Hades in the face with a clawed fist. Hades shook his head of the blow and felt Nemovsky’s and Yugadin’s hold over him tighten. 
Then he felt Kurpanov grab his face who yelled “You fool! You nearly drowned me!”
Hades spoke “The Surrai who grabbed my head, told me to put you down and I did.” 
Kurpanov’s eyes narrowed as he sneered out “Is that so Trevor? Did you tell this fool to put me down?”
Kurpanov turned to look at Trevor who was standing among the others at Hades’ left with arms folded. Hades noticed Kurpanov point at Trevor while using the pointing finger to run across his throat and saw Trevor nod with arms folded.
Trevor responded with his voice in a bored tone “I threatened No Face and he retaliated by dropping you.” 
Kurpanov looked at Hades with malice in his eyes and said “Put me down? I think not. No feeding for you today.”
Hades growled out “What can you do to stop me from doing the feed move?”
Kurpanov ordered “Next time any of you see No Face doing the feed move, bust his neck.”
Then Kurpanov gave Hades a hard kick in the stomach. Hades noticed Kazak staring at him with a frown.
Nemovsky and Yugadin abruptly let go of Hades who stood staggering as Kurpanov spoke “No Face, go to the table now.” 
Hades stuck one of fingers at Kurpanov and turned his back attempting to walk out of the clearing. 
He heard Kurpanov roar “Fool! That’s the wrong way towards the table!” 
Hades’ response was to throw his hands up and he turned to face Kurpanov who spoke “Trevor, Yolly and Kazak escort this fool towards the table now.” 
He saw Yolly grab his arm and pulled him through the clearing towards the other end with Trevor and Kazak following. 

The four heard two howls from behind them as they entered a maze of trees.
Hades groaned out “What the Gods is going on with him?”
He heard Kazak say from behind himself “Kurpanov has a nasty temper and isn’t wise to make him angry.”
Trevor spoke as the four traveled walking through the forests “No Face, Kurpanov’s word is law and like Kazak said isn’t wise to make him angry.” 
Hades asked “Why don’t you challenge him, Trevor?”
Trevor growled out snarling “I wouldn’t dare.”
Hades heard Yolly speak “Kurpanov’s anger is very powerful and he’ll use it as a way to beat his enemies.” 
Hades responded wearily in a voice not of his own “Anger can make one blind to things.”
He noticed Trevor with the others stare at himself as they stopped walking. Even Yolly plopped his hand down from touching Hades. 
Hades added in that strange voice “Is your Leader aware of what he is doing when he’s angry?”
Trevor waved a hand in front of Hades’ face that pulled the hand away and looked at him while speaking “You don’t know how anger can be one’s weakness.”
Hades groaned shaking his head while placing a hand on his face. 
He noticed Trevor, Yolly and Kazak staring at him asked “What?”
He felt Trevor touch his face with a clawed hand and ordered “Trevor, get your paws off my face now.” 
Trevor spoke “Feels like second skin to me.”
Hades grumbled out “Where’s the table? I need my rest till what’s his name agrees for me to feed again.” 
Yolly opened his mouth when they heard a loud roaring sound and Kazak groaned out “It’s Kurpanov and he’s still mad.”
Hades asked “Are you three going to lead me to the table or not?”
Trevor answered “I think we better get you out of harm’s way. Kurpanov sounds like he’s really upset.” 
The three silently led Hades towards a set of bushes which he entered and faced the rocky ground of the clearing where the table slab sat. Exhaling air Hades went to the table and kneeled falling asleep. 

Hades felt two hands touch his legs and wearily opened his eyes which were golden orbs to face an angry Kurpanov who snarled out “Just who do you think you are?”
The moon was shining as was night time and Hades could sense the other Surrai were around outside the rocky clearing watching him through the bushes surrounding the area. 
Kurpanov spoke again “You said some thing that got Trevor challenging me with the help of Yolly and Kazak. Their little rebellion was put down easily.” 
Hades felt some anger came pouring inside like a dam broke and he surprised himself by placing a hand quickly on Kurpanov’s chest while speaking “Feeding time.”
He barely heard the other Surrai outside the perimeter yelling out of their protests as he bit Kurpanov’s neck and drank.
After drinking his fill, he could sense his strength returning and licked the puncture marks closed and cracked Kurpanov’s head backwards. He stood on the table and flew up into the air flying away. He could hear the Surrai yelling words unheard at his flying form. He flew towards a cliff wall jutting out of the forests of a hill and sat with his back towards the wall and feet folded below him. Hades frowned watching the forests of trees and closed his eyes letting sleep come to him. 

In a dream he saw Trevor, Yolly and Kazak standing together tied to a tree with ropey branches. 
Trevor was speaking “No Face is right, Kurpanov can’t see beyond his anger.” 
Yolly spoke “I agree but poor No Face, Kurpanov’s power is greater than he knows.” 
Kazak groaned out “What the Gods? No Face sucked Kurpanov’s essence should have escaped when he had the chance.” 
Hades woke up with a start to feel the sun shining. He was feeling an invisible rope grab him and sensed the cliff wall shaking as he flew off the wall towards the trees. He landed on a tree and clung to the tree as he heard a familiar roar. He felt the tree clutch him with the branches while bending down and lowered Hades towards the ground down below.
Hades stood clutched by the tree to face an angry Kurpanov who howled seeing him and stiffened as the Surrai Leader grabbed his chin with a clawed hand while roaring out “You would disobey me by feeding on my essence!”
Hades felt something like a leaf on his mouth and kept his silence. He watched as he saw the other Surrai standing around with glares on his face. He could see the female, Mal looked a little fearful, with the look on her face and she was busy adjusting her pant waist with her hands. Hades stiffened as Kurpanov let go of his face and was stomping while waving his arms in anger. Hades opened his mouth to talk when he felt the leaf on his face pressed harder to silence him as he felt a branch wrap around his neck. Hades wisely closed his mouth and waited watching Kurpanov pace back and forth while waving his arms. 
He felt the branch around his neck loosen and heard whispering in his ear which he translated to himself “Shut your mouth, your talking will make the situation worse.” 
Hades looked around with his eyes and sensed the whispering said again “He is too blind with anger to see me.” 
Groaning Hades sensed the tree released him and went back in a standing position. Kurpanov snarled out “Well, well, here’s No Face!”
Hades stood with his hands to the sides facing Kurpanov who snarled some growl facing him. Hades willed himself to be calm as Kurpanov charged at him with a full body attack. Hades deflected the charge by standing aside with his hands up the moment Kurpanov reached him. 
He stood watching as Kurpanov ordered “Hold No Face now!”
Hades sensed Yugadin and Nemovsky at his sides holding him loosely. He brought his left foot up as Kurpanov charged with his body at him. Kurpanov’s chest connected with the foot and he fell backwards. He sensed Nemovsky and Yugadin let go of him and went to Kurpanov lying on the ground. Hades stood keeping himself calm as Kurpanov shook his head and got up from the ground. 
Kurpanov asked still sounding angry “You would challenge me?”
Hades opened his mouth to reply and felt a hand cover his mouth with whispering voice speaking “Walk away towards the table. The two in command will keep him busy.”
Hades heard Kurpanov repeat his question still angry and obeyed the whispering voice by walking away. 
He heard Kurpanov yell from behind him “Don’t walk away from me No Face!”
Hades ignored Kurpanov and walked towards maze of trees following some sensed path. He heard several roars from behind him but kept on walking. His feet led him towards a tree where Kazak, Yolly and Trevor stood with branches wrapped around them. 
He heard Trevor say “Look its No Face.” 
Hades stood watching them while walking and growling towards the tree. 
He heard the whispering voice say “Kazak is the one who tried to make her disappear.” 
Hades scratched his head and stared at the three still tied to the tree. 
Trevor spoke “No Face, I wouldn’t try freeing us if I were you.” 
Hades walked till he was facing Kazak and brought his fist into Kazak’s face. 
Kazak groaned out “Gods, he remembers what I did.” 
Yolly ask him “What did you do to No Face?”
Kazak admitted “Busted a female belonging to No Face.” 
Hades hesitated hearing Kazak’s comment but the whispering voice spoke “Think of her and what he did”. 
He frown thinking of the word “Georgina.”
Trevor spoke “I just realized that No Face is controlled by the Ters.” 
Hades not hearing Trevor’s comment brought another fist into Kazak’s face who groaned out “The Ters have got to be them. The Haydea, Kurpanov warned us about.”
Hades’ response to that was to pummel Kazak’s face with his fists. 
He heard the whispering voice speak again “Enough leave them and when Kazak is free, do what you will.” 
Hades stood and walked away towards the direction of where the whispering voice said “The table is that way.”
He barely felt a hand on his arm and was led away from the three Surrai tied to the tree. Reaching the table area he heard the whispering voice say “Go and rest, we cannot enter and will watch for the leader.” 
Hades went in the bushes and walked towards the table slabs. He kneeled and closed his eyes bending his head as he let exhaustion overcome him-
The male voice was interrupted by a female voice speaking "Georgina was walking through the forests with the snow on the ground with her four children hand to hand. They walked gathered in a group through the snow with frowns on their faces. Georgina gave a yell and fell towards the ground. She barely heard her children exclaim followed by roaring sounds-"
Jason interrupted "Can't you tell the story without interrupting each other?!"
He glared with golden Human eyes at the speakers the Hayu species with twin golden Human eyes as him. He eyed one as if drawn who spoke ignoring the outburst.
Hades stood and faced the Skyan King sitting in a chair, with arms folded. He heard the double doors open as Torrin with two Skyans each walking in carrying moving bundles which they set down. 
Torrin spoke Skyan language “I was forced to feed on the adult female, for my tank was running low.” 
The King, Hades noticed had his lips in a frown line. Aiden arrived walking in the room alone. 
Seeing the King he spoke “The Beddune is not helping. They told me repeatedly to stop hiding and would not explain the hiding remark when I asked them, yeer!”
At that moment one of the prisoners woke up and looked around the room with her eyes. Aiden exclaimed to Torrin “You captured one of those mind walking Highlanders!”
Torrin growled out “The Highlander is a child.”
The two Skyans heard several groans as the prisoners awoke except for one who kept on slumbering. 
Torrin grabbed his headband off his head and told the Highlander female in Summeran language “Continue doing what you’re doing and I’ll be forced to knock you out.” 
The little Highlander frowned and spoke “Daddy.” 
Torrin saw that the Highlander was starring at Hades who was about to scratch his head with his hands. 
Torrin roared in Skyan language “Don’t scratch your head, Hades! We don’t do that! It’s rude!”
Hades stared at his hands and folded his arms. 
The Highlander sat with her brothers and sister who were awake, still staring at Hades. She spoke in Summeran again “Daddy.”
Then airless monitors in the room suddenly shut off as several Beddune arrived walking in the room. 
Aiden spoke in Beddune language, his words translated by Torrin for the Skyans to understand “We’re hungry and desperate.”
One of the Beddune spoke “You were told to stop hiding, Drainer.” 
Aiden spoke “Hiding? What the does that mean?”
The Beddune instead of answering proceeded to grab the prisoners which Aiden yanking off his triangle shaped hat, roared out “We need to feed!”
One of the Beddune replied “Hades will travel to our camp with the prisoners, he understands our words.” 
Aiden looked at Hades who asked in Skyan language “Shouldn’t you be showing your hidden self to others?”
Aiden growled at Hades who walked by him and led the Beddune carrying the prisoners out of the throne room. The monitors in the throne room came back on showing Hades globe traveling the Beddune and prisoners over the forests. 

Hades heard one of the Beddune speak “Land the globe in the clearing there.” 
Hades obeyed and revert the globe back to himself. He bent down groaning in pain grabbing his chest. Hades barely felt two Beddune grab his arms and pull him further into the forests. The group was in a large clearing where there were several huts of all sizes scattered around in the clearing with tree branches overhead. The Beddune led Hades and group towards a large hut and put them inside. 
He heard the Beddune escorting him speak “Remove your mask, Hades.”
Hades pulled his mask to settle it on his face as he was pushed to kneel while inside the hut. Groaning he felt something put to his lips along with liquid and greedily drank the contents. Sigh some sound Hades felt his strength return and plopped his mask back on his face. He looked around the hut to see it had a round hole in the ceiling of the hut and there was a pit with rocks under the hole on the ground. Hades stared at the Human adult female watching the Beddune wave a plant frond over her face with a frown. He sensed that there was something familiar about the female but he couldn’t place the feeling. The female woke up with a gasp and looked around her surroundings with a start. Then the Beddune abruptly left the hut.
Hades spoke in Summeran “It’s alright, you’re among friends.” 
The female stared at Hades with a strange look then one of the prisoners spoke “Ma.” 
Hades saw her look at the speaker to see a young male who again spoke “Ma, Yeva says he’s daddy.” 
He watched as she stared at Hades with an intense look on her face. Hades looked away to stare at the opening of the hut which was round oval shaped with a blanket of woven plants over it. He felt the young Highlander female get up and walked towards to stand in front of him. 
Hades looked at her who spoke with a worried tone in her voice “Daddy doesn’t remember.”
Hades groaned and asked “What makes you think I’m your sire, your father?”
The adult female stared at him with shock spoke “Yeva, come here.” 
Yeva, he assumed obeyed and walked towards the Human female who spoke again “Don’t worry about him, let the Gods handle it.” 
The Hayu was interrupted by another male voice speaking "Aiden groaned as the globe reverted around him feeling a new pain in his stomach area. He traveled from the Skyan castle stronghold in the forests to the outskirts of the Americania’s city called Atlanta near the ocean. Aiden walked among the double arches of the city’s entrances to walk groaning among the city’s inhabitants. They gave him no glances as they rushed to their destinations. He looked around helplessly feeling sick in his stomach and fell towards the hard stone ground. No one stopped to help him as he crawled groaning in pain. 
He wondered to himself as he crawled 'Will someone save me?'"
Jason heard boos and hisses from the Hayu's offspring again sounding annoyed and angry. He rubbed a hand over his eyes rolling them hidden from view with disgust running through him. He recalled that eye roll was Hayu for pleasured. 
He heard from Brianna seated next to him on the log "Well continue on the story. I like to know who saves this Aiden anyway."
Jason heard the booing and hissing stop to his relief as a male voice spoke: 
The savior was a Shadonian, who frowned looking around the city seeing new things as he walked around looking. He entered the city by the arches while looking around. He barely noticed some of the city’s inhabitants were watching him as they walked by him and some of them were glaring. 
His communications link, a device on his arm beeped alerting him of a signal. He fingered some buttons and spoke in Solaran to his commander listening on the link “I’m detecting a Drainer signal near me, will attempt contact with the Drainers.”
He heard his Commander speak through an ear piece in his ear, “Please do.” 

Aiden crawled on the hard stone ground and heard a voice speak in a familiar language “Aiden, are you alright?”
This was followed by a hand on his shoulder, pulling him to a sitting position as Aiden dizzily looked to see a Shadonian holding him up. Aiden coughed throwing up blood at the Shadonian’s shoes. He barely heard the Shadonian howl some call and heard exclamations from the city’s people who stopped their walking. Groaning loudly Aiden threw up while gripping his stomach and felt self losing conscious. 
He heard the Shadonian yell in Basic “Help him, someone!”
Aiden fell unconscious as he heard a loud siren like sound and everything went black. 
The voice was again interrupted by booing and hissing by the Hayu's offsprings who sat in front of a log gathered near an eater light giving off warmth. 
Jason spoke loudly "Oh continue on with the story and don't mind the noises."
The male voice obeyed:
Aiden woke up to hear voices talking while lying on a bed with an oxygen mask on the lower portion of his face and groaned loudly. Aiden heard the voices stop and felt the oxygen mask off his face and some tube put in his mouth. 
He heard a voice speak a language which took him moments to understand the language spoken in Basic “Drink Drainer.” 
Aiden obeyed and found the drink was what he needed and greedily drank the contents with a slurp. His eyes sight cleared as he was staring at a male Humanoid being with antennas on his forehead with long white curly hair on his head and he was dressed in some uniform which Aiden assumed was a medic. The medic stared at him intensively as he removed the tube attached to an empty package he was holding from Aiden’s mouth. 
Aiden groaned out “What happened to me?”
Aiden saw the medic turned and looked behind him to see a Shadonian standing there staring with arms folded. 
The Shadonian spoke in Basic “Aiden, I’m told that you were bleeding internally in your stomach, a problem which was easily fixed up by surgery.” 
Aiden replied noticing the medic staring at him intensively “The name is Aiden.”
With a groan Aiden sat up to sit on the bed as the medic continued staring at him from besides the bed. Aiden felt himself and felt some wire like thread in his skin suit clothing around his stomach area. 
He continued speaking to the medic “We’re called Drainers and we drink the essence in people’s bodies called blood. Shadonian essence I must add is poisonous to us. I came here looking to help my people’s needs to feed.” 
He sensed the medic went to the bed and pulled part of it in a sitting position. 
Aiden leaned against the bed and continued speaking “We need to feed which is why I’m here getting help for my people.” 
He exhaled air as he heard the medic speak “I’m Doctor Robb Marin. You’re a new species, I’ve never worked on before but you have to thank the Shadonia for helping you.”
Robb, Aiden saw was looking at the Shadonian and then looked at Aiden while continuing talking “The Shadonia has admitted being aware of your species and their familiar with your kind.” 
Aiden spoke “Yes, we Drainers have been working with the Shadonia as translators on the Isle of Shadan, which is several large sized islands, south of the continent Americania.” 
He heard Robb speak “Word of your existence has spread around the city of Atlanta. The natives are demanding a press conference to be scheduled to introduce you, if you don’t mind with your permission.”
Aiden spoke “When? You have my permission.”
Robb answered “I’ll go tell them, get some rest, Aiden.” 
Then he left the room as Aiden leaned back pulling his hat over his head letting himself sleep.

The people with their cameras and microphones stood at the entrance of the Hospital building brimming of excitement. They were chattering among each other and went silent as the Medic came walking out of the hospital entrance with a taller than him figure. Aiden flinched as the light devices on their cameras flashed at him as he was escorted by Robb slowly walking towards a set of microphones with the Shadonian escorting the two.
Robb spoke to the microphone in Americanian which Aiden automatically understood the language’s words “This species standing next to me is called Drainer, who feeds on blood. He has told me that he needs to get food for his people. Shadonian blood I’m told is poisonous to Drainers.” 
Robb paused as Aiden removed his hat to settle on his back, spoke in Americanian “We Drainers can easily translate many languages except a few which are untranslatable for my kind.”
He noticed the look of surprise on Robb’s face continued “The feed blood I request can come in packets and in gonoids that can be easily dependant on us to survive.” 
Aiden looked at the press people who muttered among each other with surprise on their faces. 
One of them a female with a gonoid face and ears on top of her head which Aiden recognized to be the species Felidae bravely asked loudly “Can you show us how you feed?”
Aiden sniffed the air and walked around the microphones and saw his intended target which was a member of the water species called Aquarian with their Human like faces and wavy sky blue hair and webbed hands with their webbed ears. The male Aquarian had a camera in his webby hand which Aiden took and thrust at his companion. The Aquarian gulped watching as Aiden felt his bare neck with a hand then with a growl placed a hand on his chest. The press gasped seeing the victim’s throat swell and Aiden bared his retractable fangs grabbing the luckless Aquarian. They watch with shock as Aiden kneeled on one knee with the Aquarian, biting the male on the swollen neck sucking his blood. Then Aiden licked the puncture marks closed with his tongue and stood up looking at Robb waving an arm sized scanner over them. 
He wiped his mouth with a sleeve watching Robb speak “Interesting.”
Someone yelled “There’s a globe in the air!”
Aiden stood watching as the globe landed in the middle of the street and reverted to show Hades and escorted by him was a familiar Human female with four children. The Human female escorted her children pass the crowd and went inside the Hospital. 
Hades hearing the crowd mutters their exclamations walked up to Aiden who spoke “Aiden.” 
Hades automatically said “Hades.” 
Aiden spoke in Americanian which took Hades a moment to understand him “What’s going on with you?”
Hades folded his arms and spoke in Americanian “Nothing, what are you doing here?”
Aiden spoke to the crowd “There’s a rule when two Drainers meet, they have to say their name out of being polite.” 
Hades heard the crowd mutter hearing Aiden’s words-
The voice was again interrupted by booing and hissing sounds from the offsprings. 
Jason heard one blare "I don't wanna hear more of the Drainers! Talk about someone else instead!"
He groaned as he eyed the Hayu's leader in response noticing the other Hayu was staring at the male. He found the offsprings had adjusted their forms to stare at their leader in response. 
Jason eyed the leader who groaned loudly "You want to hear more on my namesake Nikolas?"
He heard chorus of scattered yeses from the offsprings as he eyed the Hayu's leader who spoke continuing on the story ignoring the noises "Nikolas groaned as the Hades effects left him from not wearing the mask for three suns straight. He lay on the floor of the throne room naked and shivering as the Hades suit fell off of him. Groaning he laid sensing memories came to his mind and frowned lying on the floor while gnashing his fanged teeth. He felt something like cloth dropped onto him which he dragged himself up and put on the clothes. They were to him gonoid skins that were consisted of pants and a top tied together by felt cloth string. Nikolas spoke his first words in Hammarabbi language sounding of inappropriate wordings as he got up to face the Skyan King. He saw an Annukai standing there ready to translate his words in a language which the Skyan would translate in their language to the High King and the court. Then suddenly the bolted doors banged open to the hallway leading outside of the castle and Nikolas felt something like an invisible rope grabbed him as he was yanked out of the room backwards on his seat." 
A new male voice spoke "The Skyan King signed in hand language 'Track Nikolas' as a monitor appeared in the room standing above the heads of the Skyans." 
Jason groaned loudly as there was booing and hissing sounding again. 
He heard "Don't interrupt him while he's telling the story!"
Jason spoke loudly ignoring the yelling "Just tell the story any way you Hayu can. I don't give a care if there's interruptions as long as you tell the story."
He heard from Brianna sitting next to him "The say is I don't give a damn is more like it."
He eyed the Hayu's leader in response who kept on speaking:
Nikolas felt himself yanked out of the castle as he was pulled up in the cold air with snow falling softly on the ground. He felt claws of a flying gonoid flew over the white pristine forest. It soon became night as he was lowered on a ground of mud next to a river bordering a forest. Nikolas felt something like a rope against his knees and he found himself kneeling then thunder rumbled as lightening flashed. Nikolas kneeled with his eyes unseeing in the darkness. Lightening flashed as he saw a gonoid with sky colored eyes and furry cloud colored fur sitting in front of him a two arm lengths away. Focusing on where the gonoid stood, he saw as lightening flashed again a person kneeling next to the gonoid. Then as lightening flashed he saw the person had gonoids both flanking themselves. Abruptly light flashed as if a small eater light was lit up illuminating Nikolas and the person showing them surrounded by small winking eater lights. Nikolas saw that there were two gonoids flanking the person wearing a dark sky hooded robe that covered the body and face. 
Nikolas heard a voice speak as if coming from the figure in the sky robe speak “State your request by question.” 
Nikolas replied asking “Who am I originally?” 
The figure in blue spoke “There are three things before I grant your request, you must get a group of Humans to fight each other, and you must show yourself as King Winter and then return here.” 
The eaters went out and then everything went dark, and Nikolas woke up to feel ropes came wrapping themselves around him in the sunny sky. 
He struggled and heard a voice speak Hammarabbi “So that’s where you went, Nikolas.”
Nikolas turned to see Torrin the Skyan and one of the Annukai, standing in the forest clearing. 
 
Emperor Shintaro Tanaka of Shonsurra, bearing the furry feathered head instead of hair marks of the Rainian species stood on the stone brick gang way wall watching as a group of fifty Humans came out of the prison to walk in the vast courtyard that was surrounded by high wires of electricity on three sides down below. 
He spoke in a microphone with Aiden translating in the Human language of Summeran, “You Humans are free to wander around in this prison but I’ll give you a choice. Be slaves out there or stay in this prison. Once you have decided feel free to leave by the East entrance, we’ll be waiting.” 
The Humans erupted in jeers and taunts at the Emperor. 
One of them Shintaro recognized to be Yevgeny Visser yelled “We’ll stay here free than slaves to you!” 
The other Humans agreed and yelled their approval. At that moment Shintaro turned and left with Aiden. 
Aiden spoke as they walked on the stone gangway “I have an idea to make them change their mind.” 
Shintaro spoke “What would that be?”
Aiden replied ‘There’s a Drainer like Human captured that drinks blood to survive. He’ll make them change their mind I’ll see to that.” 
Shintaro stared at Aiden with shock that noticed his stare and added “No kidding. We’ll bring him and make sure that he feeds on the Humans.” 

In her cell with her daughter Malaja and Natalia Borsova, Georgina Visser stood as the Drainer guards were leading a Human with golden eyes that looked at them with some bored expression on his face. The look on his face changed when he saw Georgina and he hesitated but was pushed by the Drainer guards. Georgina frowned watching this golden eyed Human stare at her as he was being led by the Drainers passed their cell. He was tall as a Drainer with long black hair and tanned colored skin. He was dressed in raggedy clothes which Georgina assumed to be made out of gonoid skins. To Georgina he appeared to be familiar like she’d seen him before but she couldn’t figure it out. 

Yevgeny Visser stood in his cell with his brother Mykaru Visser. They heard the metal bar cell doors slam shut along with protests from the other Humans in their cells. They stood and watched as a Human was being led by two Drainers to their cell. Yevgeny and Mykaru backed up and watched as the Drainers pushed the Human in their cell and then they walked away. Yevgeny and Mykaru stared at the Human who they could see had yellow golden eyes and fanged teeth when the Human licked his lips. His skin was tanned like the Humans and his hair was long and black that fell down his back. The Human spoke a word.
Yevgeny groaned out “Judging from the language, he’s speaking Hammarabbi.” 
The lights out the cells dimmed signaling night time. Yevgeny took the top bunk of a bunk bed with Mykaru taking the lower bunk. Mykaru watched as the tall Human took the lower bunk of another bunk bed in their cell then he fell asleep. 

Mykaru was dreaming of Natalia Borsova his mate when he felt a tingling sensation on his neck. He scratched his neck and turned to his side and then felt hands pulling him off the bunk. Before he could cry he felt a hand on his chest and his body tightening as his neck swelled. Then he saw in a haze as the golden eyed Human spoke some words in Hammarabbi to him while feeling some pain on his neck like two needles and heard a sucking sound. 

The next morning Georgina was in the courtyard sitting on a bench to a table with Malaja and Natalia. Several Humans were walking around the courtyard.
Yevgeny came out yelling “Ma!” 
He was holding on a pale Mykaru. Georgina seeing her two sons ran to help them with Malaja and Natalia. The women helped Mykaru to a bench who looked pale.  
Georgina asked her son Mykaru “What happened?” 
Mykaru spoke “Ma, the new Human who arrived last night was put in our cell. He drank my blood like some Skyan err I meant Drainer. Gods licked my neck too.”
He pulled his collar of the prison ware garb, a blue grey jumpsuit down and Georgina saw two scabby holes in his neck.
Yevgeny spoke “I woke up to see him sucking on Mykaru. I tried to get him off but I couldn’t, Ma.”
Yevgeny fumed glaring at a figure sitting in front of a tree and spoke “That’s him there.”
Georgina looked to see the Human who sat leaning in front of the tree. The Human at the moment was asleep leaning against the tree. 
“Anything else?” Georgina asked Mykaru. 
Mykaru replied “He speaks Hammarabbi.”
Malaja exclaimed “Gods! Where did Yevgeny go?”
They looked to see Yevgeny storm up to the Human leaning by the tree and kicked his leg. The kicking woke up the Human who spoke something and grabbed Yevgeny by the chest biting him in the neck like a Drainer. 
Georgina spoke “Oh my! Gods!” 
As Mykaru ran shouting towards to the duo yelling “Get your paws off my brother you Drainer!” 
Georgina restrained Malaja by saying “No don’t. You’ll make it worse.” 
They watched as Mykaru reached the duo and then the big Human who towered over Yevgeny and Mykaru by a head grabbed Mykaru by the neck with one hand then gave Yevgeny’s neck several licks. The big Human held Yevgeny by the neck and then with great strength Malaja and Georgina saw as both Yevgeny and Mykaru went airborne in the air. They both landed near the bench where Natalia sat watching. Several Humans ran with Georgina and Malaja to where the two lay groaning. 
One Human spoke asking “Who is that Human biter?”
The Human in question went back to a sitting position leaning against the tree. Soon he was asleep. 

Underground the prison in a large room red hooded robed figures stood in front of a monitor screen that flipped around in a circle while watching as voices chanting “This is our sanctuary, Humans aren’t welcome here.” 
They heard the big Human speak something in Hammarabbi before biting a human male with long sun colored hair pulled in a tail, who was smaller than the big Human. 
A loud voice spoke “Who is this Human and what language is he speaking?”
Another voice spoke softer answered “He’s speaking same the language as the prisoner.” 
The loud voice spoke “See that we offer freedom to the prisoner for exchange to translating this.”
Then there were soft foot falls as a figure left the room. 

Night time came and Natalia slowly tiptoeing passed the Humans asleep in their open cells. Reaching an open doorway with three hallways facing her she turned to her left to see the hallway leading towards another hallway. She quietly ran towards that hallway and saw the hallway was empty. Standing at the end was the big massive doors of the East entrance. Natalia looked around and saw that no one was in sight. She ran towards the doors and before she could put a hand on the door, she felt someone grab her blonde hair which was in a tail and she was yanked backwards thrown in the air. Natalia fell to the ground and looked to see a Human with golden eyes standing in front of the doors walking towards her speaking in a language she recognized to be Hammarabbi but didn’t understand a word. 
She screamed “Help!” 
While looking up at the ceiling before getting up to attack the Human who still spoke in Hammarabbi while grabbing her neck and lifted clear off her feet. She proceeded to kick him hard several times on his chest. The Human kept put a hand on her chest and she felt herself tightening up and her eye sight blurred as she felt him put his face on her neck. She also felt two pricks on her neck followed by a sucking sound which she fell unconscious. 

Malaja awoke from sleep to see the big Human, who the other Humans dubbed “Biter” due to his biting Humans and sucking their blood, came in the cell carrying Natalia. He put her on the lower bunk opposite to the bunk Malaja was on, his back to her. She abruptly closed her eyes faking sleep and heard Biter leave closing the cell door slowly. She counted to ten and opened her eyes then jumped down from the upper bunk. She shook her mother awake who looked at her annoyingly. 
Malaja spoke “I saw Biter came in with Natalia and put her on the bed.” 
She pointed towards Natalia on the other bunk bed. Georgina pushed herself up and ran to Natalia feeling her neck and saw two small holes in her neck. 
“Gods” She whispered “what is going on?” 

The next day in the courtyard Natalia tearfully spoke to Mykaru and his family “I was trying to leave when he grabbed me from behind and threw me. I looked up.” 
Yevgeny interrupted “You looked up?!”
Yevgeny was referring to the superstitious belief of never looking up at the ceiling in places other than the sky. It wasn't sure who invented that belief.
Natalia spoke “Yes, just saw a dome in the ceiling and for some weird reason as I lay there I felt like I was out of my body looking at myself, then I was back in my body attacking Biter.” 
Mykaru spoke “Gods, Biter’s watching us.” 
He narrowed his eyes as they looked to see Biter watching them while sitting in front of a tree. They saw Biter lean forward and move his mouth as if speaking. 
Georgina spoke “Did you recognize the language Biter speak?”
Natalia answered “Yes, Hammarabbi but he said two words I recognize ‘Terranians’ and ‘Terrania’.”
Yevgeny glared as he spoke “Watch it. Biter has attacked a Human.” 
They looked to see Biter sucking away on a Human male.
Mykaru asked “What was his body and facial expressions as he spoke to you?”
Natalia, Georgina, Malaja and Yevgeny stared at Mykaru, who spoke again “I’m just wondering, that’s all.”
Natalia replied “He was glaring at me when he first spoke. Then I attacked him and his eyes widen as if shocked. Then he sneered at me before biting me.” 
Malaja sighed and spoke “I wonder what the Gods he’s saying in his Hammarabbi language?”

Underground the prison figures in red hooded robes stood in a row in a cavernous room chanting “This is our sanctuary, Humans aren’t welcome here.”
Another figure came thru the doorway in the room with chains rattling. The figure in chains was dressed in tan pants, boots, and a black vest with tan sleeves. The eyes of the figure were black and on his fore head was a circle of small black eyes that surrounded a large black eye. His braided hair was black and pulled back in a tail. 
One red robed figure came up to the chained figure and spoke “we will grant your freedom if you’ll help us translate this Human’s words, Annukai.”
The chained figure spoke “why?”
The red hooded figure clicked on the monitor and Human’s voice sounded showing him attacking sun colored haired human female, and as he raised her while holding her by the neck.
He was heard to speak one word “Annukai.” 
This got the chained Annukai stomping up and down. 
The red hooded figure spoke “Why did he speak the name ‘Annukai’ and how did he know of you?” 
The Annukai spoke “The Human says ‘You, Terranians, will help me get rid of on Terrania, Annukai.’” 
A loud voice spoke “It appears that he is aware of the place being named Terrania.” 
The red hooded figure spoke “Show the first transmission.” 
The monitor flipping in a circle showed the big Human grabbing a Human male with long black hair in a tail from the bottom of a bunk bed while speaking Hammarabbi. 
The Annukai spoke translating “I have been called many names for I only answer to one name.” 
Then the monitor showed the Human sitting in front of a tree being kicked by a long sun colored haired male in the legs. 
Then the big Human woke up and speaking while the Annukai translated, “You will help me with my quest or suffer my wrath.” 
“Third transmission” the robed figure spoke as the monitor flashed showing the human sitting in front of a tree speaking which the Annukai replied “It is time, for my war has begun. The battle lines are drawn.”
Then the Human got up and grabbed a black haired Human male and was sucking on his neck. 
The Annukai in chains spoke “Who is this Human for there are no Humans capable of doing what’s he’s doing?”
The red figure answered “That’s what we’re trying to find out.” 

In the courtyard, Yevgeny spoke “I’m going to the East entrance. I feel like someone has to warn the others of this Human they captured.” 
Georgina spoke “I’m coming with you.” 
They got up and walked into the prison with Natalia, Mykaru and Malaja following them. 
Inside reaching the hallway that led towards the East Entrance Yevgeny looked up ignoring the superstitious belief.
He spoke “There’s domes in the ceiling.” 
Georgina replied “Camera domes. Someone is monitoring us.” 
They reached the hallway that led to the East entrance and entered it to the large doors standing there. The group walked towards the door when Malaja, who was last of the group gave a yell. 
The group turned around to see Biter holding her by the neck. He pointed at them and spoke in Hammarabbi then his clothes changed to all white complete with a gray crown on his head and a staff in his right hand. 
Georgina spoke snarling “King Winter.” 
The group without Malaja turned and ran towards the double doors when something white covered the doors. 
Yevgeny put a hand on the white stuff and spoke “Gods, its thick ice.”
A sucking sound broke the silence. Georgina turned to see Biter who changed his form from King Winter, to Human was sucking on Malaja’s neck. Then he dropped her after giving her neck some licks. 
Biter spoke something in Hammarabbi to them and walked away. 
Georgina spoke “Let’s tell the others this.” 

In the underground room the Annukai was stomping his foot and waving his arms at the monitor showing the Human, change into King Winter. 
He angrily spoke to the red hooded figure, “King Winter is an ally of us but this proves him, now an enemy.” 
The Annukai pointed to the monitor flipping around in a circle as the red hooded figure spoke “What did he say?”
“I rule the cold as ruler of my domain for no one may leave.” Said the Annukai as the monitor showed the Human change into King Winter form. 
Then showed King Winter change back to human form and dropping a night colored haired Human female after sucking her neck, the Annukai added “You will serve me in my battles.” 
Voices chanted “This is our sanctuary, Humans aren’t welcome here.” 
The red hooded figure spoke “We must consider confronting the Human for this.” 

Word spread of what Biter did among the Humans. Yevgeny sat on the bench with Natalia and his family watching Biter standing in front of the electrical fence with his back to them in the courtyard. The small group looked in time to see another group of Humans came, led by a long blonde hair human named Jash, in the courtyard armed with sticks and metal pipes. They started walking toward Biter. 
Georgina exclaimed “Are they out of their mind? They can’t defeat him!”
She got up and ran with the others following towards the group. 

Above on the stone gangway Emperor Shintaro stood with Aiden and spoke “The East entrance is blocked by some ice that can’t be broken with our efforts.” 
Aiden spoke “King Winter has blocked them in.” 
The two looked to see a group of Humans came out into the courtyard armed with pipes and objects that started walking towards the big Human. 
“Yeer!” Aiden exclaimed “He’ll wipe them out.” 
Shintaro asked “Wipe them out?”
Aiden snarled “His name is Nikolas.” 
Just as another group of Humans came running towards the armed Humans led by a female with long brown hair that was in a tail, which Shintaro recognized to be Georgina Visser who did some acrobatic move on the back of the leader of the armed Humans and the Human leader went down. The rest of her group came and started doing acrobatic moves towards the armed Humans. Then other groups of Humans came from inside and soon it was a melee of acrobatic fighting Humans. Shintaro looked at Aiden who took off his hat and did a spin throwing his hat past the Humans towards Nikolas whose back was towards them. Shintaro looked to see a figure like a shadow appeared and plucked Aiden’s hat out of the air. Then the shadow like figure did a spin move and the hat flew towards them. Shintaro felt himself pushed down by Aiden as the hat came. 
Then Aiden put the hat on and stomped away, as Shintaro got up and spoke “You knew who that Human and his abilities were.” 
He cut himself off as Aiden turned and charged. Shintaro threw himself on his side and looked to see Aiden jump off the stone gang way and he darted up to see Aiden flying in the air swinging his legs and arms over the fighting Humans towards Nikolas like he was walking on air by legs' movements. 
“They do fly” said Shintaro to himself. 

Underground the red hooded group stood watching the fighting and heard Biter speak with the Annukai translating “Their battle is drawn and their anger is my weapon for I am aware of you and those who say ‘This is our sanctuary, Humans aren’t welcome here’.” 
“What?!” said the red hooded figure who added “How did he know of us and our words?”
As the chained Annukai stomped around waving his hands speaking “King Winter is supposed to know many things.” 
The monitor showed a figure flying over the Humans towards the big Human who spoke again with the Annukai translating “The battle has begun for I shall know my foes and my allies.” 
Then the monitor showed a close up of the Human’s face in a side view which the Human, to the red hooded figure’s shock turned and appeared to be looking straight at them then the monitor went dead as if clicked off. 

Aiden dropped down in a somersault flip and stomped towards Biter who turned around and stared at him. Aiden took off his triangle shaped hat and threw it at him and a figure like a shadow appeared in front of human plucking the hat out of the air. Aiden saw that the figure had white hair pulled back in a tail and purple colored skin on the hands while wearing some black cloth armor on the body and had a mask covering the face which white orbs peered out. Aiden spoke speaking many greetings in his knowledge of languages at the figure and stopped talking when the warrior tossed his hat to him while standing in some pose as if the warrior was ready for battle.
Aiden groaned out in Skyan language called Rayala “Who are you, Nikolas and your warriors?”
The warrior in black charged at Aiden then disappeared as Aiden saw Nikolas form changed all white with a crown and a staff of a torch cauldron in his right hand.
“Yeer!” Aiden exclaimed “King Winter is Nikolas.”
He watched as ice steps appeared as King Winter stepped up in the air and then flew over him and over the prison walls to disappear in the sky. Aiden swung his hands as he raised himself from the ground and was flying legs swinging over the fighting Humans. Reaching the wall where Shintaro stood above on the stone gangway watching Aiden jogged up the flat wall like it had steps and came to stand next to Shintaro. 
Shintaro spoke “I saw that Human change into a crowned man in cloud colors, who is he really?"
Aiden replied “This complicates things” who walked away from a confused Shintaro who stared at his back.

At the prison, the fighting stopped but there were a few skirmishes among the Humans. Georgina sat in the cafeteria on a bench talking to Natalia. Georgina’s sons Yevgeny and Mykaru were comparing bites around their necks from Biter biting them. Malaja was keeping watch. The cafeteria was buzzing with conversation when the doors to the cafeteria opened and the conversation stopped as they saw figure in white with a crown on his head with a torch cauldron staff in his right hand step in the room with a face, one of Human with a sneering glare. 
There were gasps of “Oh Ho!” from the Humans as the figure revert his form to reveal a Human who the Humans dubbed “Biter”. 
Biter proceeded to walk thru the room towards the double doors that led to the massive courtyard beyond. Georgina got up and walked to stand in Biter’s way. 
Biter stopped in front of her who reached his shoulder with his head and leaned towards her, pointing a finger at self speaking “Nikolas.”  
With the Human sound of disgust from Nikolas as Georgina watched as he walked towards the double doors leading to the courtyard. Georgina stiffened as the doors slammed shut banging. She proceeded to follow Nikolas out of the cafeteria into the courtyard with Natalia, Mykaru, Malaja and Yevgeny. They stood and watched as Nikolas charged at a tree and gave it several punches with his fist and saw the tree shook from his attacks. Then Nikolas stopped and leaned on the tree with his head in his hands as his body shook shaking then he stomped towards the electrical fence and stood with his back to them. 
Yevgeny asked breaking the silence, “Who the Gods, is he?”
 
The figures in red hooded robes stood watching the force field monitor screen moving in a circle that showed Nikolas lean to a human female with long brown colored hair in a ponytail speaking the word “Nikolas” while pointing at himself. 
Then the monitor showed Nikolas leave her and walked towards the doors that led to outside to the courtyard slamming the doors behind him. 
The Annukai spoke “At last, the Human has a name and it is Nikolas.” 
As voices chanted “This is our sanctuary, Humans aren’t welcome here.”
A loud voice spoke above the chanting “Impossible for that Human to be Nikolas as prophesied.”
A softer voice spoke “We must test this Human to see who he really is.” 
The Annukai asked “What prophecy and what tests?”
The loud voice spoke “We will tell you later, Minshun. Proceed with the tests.”

Nikolas stared at the electrical fence with questions in his mind. He remembered arriving back to the clearing in the forest as King Winter. 
He wound up reverting to his Human form, standing then kneeling most of the day waiting for the answer to his question “Who am I originally?” to arrive.
Soon it was night time and he fell asleep kneeling in the clearing and woke up to feel a splash of water on his face. He awoke to find himself in a padded grey room and stared at Torrin who snarled out something to him while holding a cup in his hand. 
Standing besides Torrin was an Annukai who spoke “Nikolas, I think you better get up.”
Nikolas remember following the two to a hallway to a small boxy room that had doors which slid closed and then he felt a sensation of going up. The doors slid open to show the massive throne room.
He felt Torrin gave him a little push with his hand on his back till he stood staring at the Skyan High King who signed a hand language which Torrin spoke to the Annukai who translated in Hammarabbi “You are Human in origin.” 
Nikolas mused to himself remembering he protested in Hammarabbi “No, I am not Human!”
The Annukai translated Nikolas’ words, and then translated what the Skyan’s said in Hammarabbi “We did a full body scan test on you and the results reveal that you are Human.” 
Nikolas sighed at the memory, of roaring out “No! I suck the essence like one of you!”
The Annukai translated “Yes we’re aware of that but we believe you must be an advance form of Human, a weapon.” 
Nikolas stared at the Annukai with confusion but before he could speak the translator again spoke translating “You are to disappear. Your request to look up in the night sky is granted but then you will be brought here to disappear. Torrin will escort you to the castle bridge way.” 
Nikolas stomped his foot and glared at the Skyan High King. He sensed Torrin standing next to him gesturing towards the big double doors on his left. Nikolas gave the High King a glare and then let Torrin escort him to the castle way bridge which required going up the stairs of the castle towards a set of doors at the top. Torrin opened the doors and revealed a castle way bridge which led to a tower. At the Bridge the lights to outside that illuminated the castle went out and he saw the star filled sky with the green, white clouded moon shining in the sky. He looked up and stared at the green white moon clouds on the surface of it in the night sky. 
“Who am I originally?” Nikolas whispered to himself. 
Then he felt Torrin take his arm and anger filled Nikolas. 

The doors to the throne room banged open as Torrin flew in the room backwards. The Annukai ran to the doors guns armed as a figure came in the room. 
One of the Annukai appeared in a whining sound of a force field and spoke in Hammarabbi “King Winter.” 
Then King Winter revert his form to reveal a glaring Nikolas who spoke Hammarabbi “I am not amused.” 

Nikolas grumbled to himself remembering the Annukai shooting him with needle darts that hit him and brought pain which made him fell asleep. Nikolas felt anger as he remembered waking up on a bunk bed in the familiar cell with the two human males lying on another bunk bed watching him with glares on their faces. Nikolas growled and then stormed towards the Humans. 
Georgina who was sitting on a bench watching Nikolas in the courtyard with the others cried out “What the Gods is he doing?”
The Humans turned and watched as Nikolas storming towards the Humans watching him in a group. The group scattered running as Nikolas reached them and started chasing several Humans. Georgina stood watching him grab a male by the long black hair whose name was Kan struggled as Nikolas put a hand on his chest and kneeled while holding him. She saw as Kan’s neck swelled and then Nikolas opened his mouth revealing fanged teeth then his mouth was on Kan’s neck. She saw as other Humans ran towards Nikolas and started pounding him with their fists. Yevgeny stood next to his mother, Georgina who was staring at her. 
Georgina noticed her son staring at her spoke “Yevgeny, what are you looking at?”
She also noticed her other son Mykaru with his twin sister, Malaja and Natalia staring too. Yevgeny grabbed her collar of her jumpsuit and pulled it down. 
He spoke “Ma, you’re the only the one who Nikolas hasn’t bitten yet.” 
Mykaru spoke “Nikolas has bitten every Human except Ma.” 
They looked to see Nikolas let go of the Human after licking his neck and a Human, Jash with a metal pipe in his hand whacked Nikolas hard on the head which made him go slack and then fall to the ground. 
Then Jash with the pipe in hand yelled “Help carry Nikolas to a cell and lock him in!” 
Georgina stood and watched as Nikolas was picked up by the arms and dragged away by four Humans. 

Nikolas groggily woke up from the bottom of the bunk bed and felt the back of his head as he felt something like a headache come on to him. He staggered up and heard the cell door to the cell clanged shut followed by a hum of electricity on his right. He looked to see several Humans in a row staring at him with malice in their eyes vibrating of anger from behind the cell bars of the door. One of them spoke in a language, foreign to him while pointing a finger at him then the Humans walked away till they were out of his line of sight from the cell. Groaning Nikolas leaned against the wall of the bed and sat staring at the bars of the doors then soon he was asleep. 

Georgina walked towards the cell where Nikolas was followed by her children and Natalia. They stood staring at Nikolas who opened his eyes to look at them. Yevgeny pulled the collar of his mother as he pulled his collar as the others did the same. Nikolas saw that the same female, who confronted him in the cafeteria, with long brown hair, whose collar was pulled by a long blonde hair male, was bare of bites. They looked at him with a questioning look on their faces. Nikolas laughed and spoke Hammarabbi then leaned against the wall and fell asleep. 

The swirling in a circle monitor showed a small group of Humans standing in a row in front of the bars of a cell and then one of them pulled down the collar of a Human female bare of bites. The red robed figure watched as Nikolas spoke something in Hammarabbi while laughing. 
The red robed person spoke “What did Nikolas say, Annukai?”
The Annukai instead of answering stomped around as if in anger then was grabbed by the red robed figure who yelled at him “What did Nikolas say, Minshun?”
Minshun replied angrily translating “Says I am not biting my mate.” 
The red robed figure let Minshun go and said in a loud voice “Nikolas sees this female as his mate.” 
A soft voice answered him “What does the Guardian files say on this female?”
The red robed figure spoke “Eli, pull up the Guardian files on the Human female with no bites on her neck.” 
An emotionless alien voice spoke “Analyzing.” 
As the monitor focused on the human female and flashed out the prison file then emotionless alien voice spoke “Species, Human, gender, female, Georgina Visser.” 
Then the voices who spoke “This is our sanctuary, Humans aren’t welcome.” 
Abruptly went silent as the emotionless alien voice droned and the red hooded figure gasped followed by Minshun swearing in Hammarabbi. 

Night came as Nikolas paced his cell feeling hunger pains gnawing at him. He recalled that he only drank enough blood from each Human to sustain himself for one day at a time. 
He grumbled to himself in Hammarabbi, “Depths to Humans and depths to Skyans.”
Then he paced towards the electrical humming cell doors and reached a cautious hand towards them then stiffened. He looked up at the ceiling to see a white dome and narrowed his eyes focusing on the dome. He could sense the camera in the dome was aimed at him focusing on his features. Nikolas turned his back to the dome and stared at the cell bars of the door as he reached a cautious hand towards them, he heard a feminine voice speak foreign language. Nikolas looked to see the female who he had yet to bite stood outside the cell staring at him. He again reached the cell doors and he heard the female speak with worry in her voice. Nikolas stared at her, to see a worried expression on her face. She wagged her finger as he reached for the cell bars with his hand and shook her head. 
Nikolas stared with his eyes narrowed at the female who pointed a finger at herself and spoke “Georgina.” 
Then she pointed at Nikolas and again spoke “Nikolas.”
Nikolas sighed and glared at Georgina who stared at him. Nikolas walked towards one end of the cell where a stone high barred window stood above him. 
The camera followed Nikolas walking to the wall and walking up the wall like it had steps, then turned to put his back on the wall and bent his legs till his feet were touching the wall while hearing Georgina gasp “Oh, ho!”
Then he put his hand to his mouth and blew at it and made a throwing gesture towards the camera dome. He watched as the camera dome suddenly came loose and fell to the marble floor in a loud crash. 

Georgina stood watching as the other Humans came out of their cells. Yevgeny with Mykaru seeing her standing in front of Nikolas cell came running towards her. Georgina pointed towards the cell.  They both looked with several Humans, to see a round white object lying on the ground in front of the cell doors with tube wires sticking out of it from the ceiling. 
One of the Humans Jash yelled “What the depths?! Nikolas is sitting on the wall!”
Georgina stood watching him smirk staring at her with his golden eyes. She frowned and looked away as a male Human Kan reached for the electricity switch. 
She saw as Jash grabbed Kan’s hand yelling “What are you doing?!”
Kan answered rhythmically “I have to let him out, let him out.” 
Jash punched Kan in the head with his fist as Kan shook his head and asked “What am I doing here?”
There were gasps of Oh Ho's from the Humans who stared at Kan, as some were pointing fingers at him. Georgina looked at Nikolas out the corner of her eyes and saw him lean forward from his perch on the wall as he waved his hand two directions and then did a thrusting motion with the same hand while moving his mouth. 
She looked in time to see another Human female a long blonde haired named Catrina grab the electricity switch, but Catrina’s twin sister Catriona yelled “Catrina, Are you out of your mind?!”
Georgina saw as Jash grabbed Catrina who was speaking rhythmically “I have to let him out, let him out.” 
“Gods, some trickery is going on here!” yelled Jash as the other Humans grumbled. 
Yevgeny gestured towards his mother to follow him, which she did and they left Nikolas’ cell. Georgina looked out of the corner of her eyes to see Nikolas’ face turned into a scowl of anger as she left his cell. Once out of sight of Nikolas, Yevgeny stood and pointed at Catrina who stopped her rhythmic chanting at Nikolas’ cell as the Humans were standing there arguing among each other. 
Yevgeny saw his mother frown and he spoke “I think, Ma, that Nikolas is using you to gain control of the others.”
Mykaru came up overhearing Yevgeny speaking, spoke “A conduit or something which Nikolas uses to gain control.” 
Georgina spoke “Gods, I think I better stay away from Nikolas.”
At that moment she was interrupted by Nikolas roaring from his cell and the cell doors flashed sparks. 
Georgina gestured towards her sons and pointed as she ordered “Go look.” 
The Humans at Nikolas’ cell were standing there watching; as Yevgeny and Mykaru arrived to see Nikolas with both hands on the electrical bars, sparking as he pulled while roaring with anger on his face as his mouth bared his teeth in a snarl.
Yevgeny heard one of the humans speak “Is he out of his mind?”
Saying that the Human group left Nikolas roaring and pulling on his cell's bars as Malaja and Natalia came to Yevgeny and Mykaru. The four watched as Nikolas gave the bars a yank then let go and stormed towards one of the metal bunk beds, growling. They watched as he lay down on the bed with his back to them still growling. 
“Figures” said Malaja, “What’s so special about Ma anyway?” 

Nikolas paced back and forth in his cell grumbling to himself as the desire to feed pained him. The hunger at first was easy to ignore but as time passed the hunger started to insert in his thoughts till Nikolas was pacing back and forth trying not to think of his desire to feed. Growling Nikolas grabbed the electrical bars and gave a yank as electricity flowed through him then he let go as he saw Georgina walk in his eye sight. He stared at her with the desire rumbling through him. Georgina stared back at him as he stared at her with pleading in his golden eyes. 
Sighing she spoke to him in her language knowing he wouldn’t understand her words, “I’m sorry, Nikolas. I really wish there was a way for you to feed without using us, Humans as food.”
Then she turned and walked away. She heard Nikolas howl in protest, then turned to see the cell door flashed, sparks as Nikolas pulled on it roaring then suddenly the door gave and swung open. Georgina gasped as Nikolas came out of the cell with a strange look on his face. She stood there staring at him as he held out his hand and spoke in his Hammarabbi language. Georgina to her shock found her feet moving towards Nikolas. Reaching him, he hauled her inside the cell and pulled the cell door shut and electricity hummed again. 

Yevgeny was in the cafeteria with Mykaru and Malaja when Natalia came in walking towards the three. 
Reaching them she spoke “Your mother is in Nikolas’ cell.” 
Yevgeny stared with horror on his face as Mykaru spoke “Gods.”
Malaja got up and walked out of the cafeteria with her two brothers and Natalia following and went to Nikolas’ cell. At the cell, Yevgeny put his hand on his mouth and Mykaru closed his eyes and groaned as Malaja looked shock on her face. 
Natalia spoke with confusion “What’s he’s doing?”
As they looked at the scene before them, of Nikolas sucking blood from the side of Georgina’s neck whose head was leaning back with eyes were closed, her back to Nikolas and there was a sigh of pleasure emanating from her as one of his hands moved over her chest, pawing her.
Yevgeny went to the switch box and reached towards the electrical switch. At that moment Nikolas looked up with blood dripping from his mouth, a glaring stare straight at Yevgeny.
Malaja spoke “Err, don’t do that, Yevgeny.” 
Yevgeny pulled his hand away and Nikolas put his head down to Georgina’s neck and continued sucking. 

In the cafeteria Yevgeny sat eating his food with his brother and sister along with Natalia. The food was consisted of crunchy soups and a chance of fruit or cocoa drinks which the Humans ate in the cafeteria. 
Kan came running in the cafeteria towards Jash and whispered something to him. 
Jash walked to Yevgeny and spoke “Nikolas has your mother.”
Yevgeny uncaringly spoke “It’s either her or us.” 
Jash grabbed him and hauled him out of the room with Kan following. They reached Nikolas’ cell where Jash stared at shock at the scene. 
“Gods” he said, as Yevgeny spoke “It’s either her or us.” 
Malaja came with food on a covered tray as Kan pulled the electrical switch. The Humans watched as Nikolas changed his form to a glaring King Winter with his staff of fire in his hand while clutching Georgina closer to him. The cell doors opened and Malaja came in and put the tray down then she backed out. Jash shook his head with a frown and walked away with Kan besides him with Yevgeny and Malaja following. 

Night time came, in the cell; Nikolas put Georgina on the lower bunk and lay down on the floor next to the bunk bed. He fell asleep then he abruptly woke up as if from a dream to see a red hooded figure standing behind the front of the cell doors. Nikolas growled and got up to stare at the figure. Then the red figure turned and walked away. 

Yevgeny woke up to hear a sound of a howl. He vaulted off the bunk bed with Mykaru following towards howling. The duo saw Nikolas attacking the bars to his cell while howling in rage. Yevgeny saw with shock as a wall of fire, water and lightening formed on the cell bars whenever Nikolas touched it. 
Mykaru spoke “I don’t see Ma in there.” 
“Oh no” Yevgeny said “Someone took her away.”
He reached to the electrical switch and felt a zapping feeling in his hand and pulled his hand away. 
Mykaru seeing Yevgeny yank his hand spoke “The switch has electricity running through it.”
They stood staring at Nikolas howling. 

Minshun, the Annukai, sat on the dirt floor watching the monitor of Nikolas attacking his cell bars. He heard footfalls enter the large cathedral room and saw two red hooded robed figures, carrying a Human female he recognized as Georgina. 
The loud voice spoke “I see you succeeded, Warrior” 
One of them, Warrior spoke “He was easy to fool as we took this female.”
The two of them laid Georgina next to a sitting Minshun who stared at her. 
The loud voice spoke scolding “Minshun leave the Human alone.” 
Minshun at the moment was leaning a clawed hand towards a sleeping Georgina when the soft voice spoke “Leave her sleeping, the better she doesn’t know of us, the less chance of mind wiping.” 
Minshun grumbled to himself and withdrew his clawed hand. The monitor showed Nikolas screaming Hammarabbi at the camera and waving his fist. 
Warrior spoke “What did he say, Minshun?”
Minshun replied translating “You will suffer my wrath for taking away what I value.” 
The loud voice spoke “What he values is poisoning him.” 
As to referring to a sleeping Georgina Visser lying next to Minshun with a pained expression on her face. 

Aiden stood on the stone decks watching the Humans in the courtyard. He noticed that they were scratching their necks.
He growled out to Shintaro standing next to him, “Their neck scratching indicates that it’s been seven suns since Nikolas fed on them. What is going on?”
Shintaro shrugged and then watched as Aiden jumped off the wall and landed down in the courtyard down below him.
Aiden walked to the nearest Human speaking “I bring no harm, for I am merely interested in Nikolas. Where is Nikolas?”
The Human spoke “Follow me; I’ll take you to him.”
Aiden followed the Human inside the cafeteria to one of the entrances, to the hallway leading to the cells. 
Reaching Nikolas’ cell the Human Yevgeny spoke to Aiden “We haven’t been able to get him out.” 
Aiden stared with shock to see Nikolas sitting in front of a bunk bed facing them. His golden eyes appeared to be dim and Nikolas’ head drooped then shook trying not to sleep. Aiden went to the electrical switch to hear a hum of electricity emanating from it and then reaching the bars of the doors, Aiden saw with shock that lightening, fire and water appeared on the bars blocking his way.
Yevgeny watched as Aiden growled and spoke “Who is the person he last fed on?”
Yevgeny spoke “My mother, Georgina Visser, who was taken away.” 
Aiden grabbed him and spoke “What?!”
Yevgeny repeated, “Georgina Visser, my mother.” 
Then Aiden let him go and stormed off with Yevgeny following him. 

Shintaro watched as Aiden entered the courtyard and walked up the wall towards him. Exhaling air, Shintaro was shocked when Aiden grabbed him by the arms and hauled him over the stone wall and held him there speaking “Talk or I’ll drop you! Why are these Humans here?”
Shintaro gasped out groaning “There are stories of a race living in this island prison. Glimpses of them revealed to be figures in red hooded robes.”
Aiden hauled him from the edge and spoke “Fool!” as he stomped away from Shintaro who stared at him. 

In the throne room of the Skyan castle, Leeland came and spoke to the High King, “Kingship, communication from Aiden says two words ‘Gap found’.”
Torrin who was in the throne room spoke “Means ‘Got a Problem’ and that he found a Highlander nest.”
The High King hand signed from his seat “Track Aiden.” 
The monitor in the throne room flashed as Torrin spoke “His location is an island off the coast of an Americanian city, Atlanta. It’s an island called Tamkan.”

In the cathedral room, Minshun was wakening by a siren like sound; he looked towards the flipping monitor in the middle of the room. 
Minshun heard Warrior speak “The one called Shintaro told the Drainer mentioning red hooded figures.”
The loud voice spoke “Prepare for battle should the Drainers come and return this Human to her people. As for you Minshun we have a duty for you to do.” 

Minshun crawled on the ceiling towards Nikolas’ cell. He quietly dropped down and saw three figures in Nikolas’ cell standing watching him with Nikolas staring at him. Minshun reached for the electrical switch and pulled. He saw as the three figures in the cell disappear in a puff of smoke. Then the cell door opened as three red hooded figures came speed walking towards Minshun, who nodded. Nikolas stared at the Annukai and the hooded figures in red that entered his cell. One of them poured a brown liquid from a big size bottle in his hand, in a cup and opened Nikolas’ mouth and poured the contents. Nikolas made a grimace face of disgust. The contents of the cup smelled and tasted awful to him. 
He heard the Annukai speaking Hammarabbi to him, “Please, they say you must take the drink, and for it will help you feel better.” 
Nikolas groaned and took the contents with disgust on his face.

Yevgeny looked to see Georgina came in the cafeteria with Nikolas following her. 
“Ma is back” Yevgeny said to his brother and sister. 
They looked to see Georgina lead him to a drink machine and thrust a cup in Nikolas’ left hand. He took the cup and poured the drink machine’s contents in the cup with a switch. Georgina turned around and walked towards her family. They watched as Nikolas walked to an empty table and sit down slowly drinking the contents of the cup with a disgusted look on his face.
Georgina reaching them spoke “I should have remembered that there are other things that a Drainer can drink, such as cocoa.” 
She sat down and noticed Yevgeny frowning at her. 
He scratched his neck absent mildly as Georgina continued “What? I just remembered that our blood isn’t good for him to take all the time.” 
Yevgeny spoke grumbling “I think I got my neck bit for nothing.”
Georgina spoke glaring at her son “No you didn’t, Yevgeny, the blood he drank gave him some anti bodies which he needs and that drink he’s drinking is helping him heal.”
Mykaru asked “Heal from what?”
“Poison” said Georgina who added “He was poisoned.” 
Malaja and Natalia gasped “Oh Ho!”

Nikolas at the moment drank his drink of cocoa slowly sat looking around the room with a frown on his face thinking. He thought about the Annukai warrior who helped him along with the red hooded robed figures, which bothered him because the Annukai species were notorious for wanting Humans dead. 
Nikolas remembered that the Annukai had a mantra of “All Humans Die” said over and over.  
He sat and watched Georgina get up and talked to another human male and yelled at him while pointing at Nikolas himself. Nikolas noticed that the other Humans were looking at Georgina and were apparently eavesdropping on the conversation. Some of them were looking at him and then at Georgina. Groaning Nikolas finished the contents of his drink slowly and then walked towards the doors to the courtyard. Several Humans blocked his way shaking their heads. He glared as one of the Humans kicked the door open to show that the weather was not shiny with sun but bad of hard rain falling and the sky was lighting up followed by rumbles. Muttering to himself, he went to a bench and put his head in his arms on the table then fell asleep. 

Nikolas awoke with a start to see a red hooded figure standing besides the table he sat. The lights of the cafeteria were dimly lit and he was alone in the room with the figure. Growling Nikolas got up as the Annukai came from behind the red robed figure. 
The Annukai spoke Hammarabbi to Nikolas, “I, Minshun of the Annukai translate, and please, the name of this red hoodlum is named Warrior who says that ‘We mean no harm to you for we only want to talk to you’.” 
Nikolas groaned and spoke Hammarabbi “Talk away.” 
The Annukai translated Nikolas’ words to Warrior who spoke which Minshun said “What do you know of your origins?”
Nikolas replied “Nothing” as Minshun told Warrior.
Warrior pulled off the hood covering the face, Nikolas roared in anger seeing a familiar face of the Highlander species revealing a male with the typical pointed ears but had pale skin, Human shaped blue eyes and long blond hair. Stomping forward Nikolas walked towards Warrior, which Minshun walked to stand between them, who was shorter than Warrior.
Nikolas towered over Warrior, sneered and spoke in Hammarabbi which Minshun said to Warrior “I still haven’t forgotten you and your kind exiling me from my home.” 
Warrior spoke which Minshun translated “Says you’re the one who killed as Lun Yan Sanver.” 
Nikolas replied which Minshun translated “You exiled me.” 
Warrior asked dismissing that remark, which Minshun spoke “Says why did you act out on your rage towards us?”
Nikolas narrowed his eyes and spoke something as Minshun told Warrior “You accused me of killing one of your kinds when actually I saved the member from a Blaster.”
Warrior moved his mouth with sounds of a foreign language came out as Minshun replied “Says you did not, for you drained one of our kinds, called Sunniya, and we were forced to exile you.”
Nikolas snarled a sound and spoke which Minshun said to Warrior “This suffering I had wouldn’t have happened if you hadn’t exiled me from my home, none of this would have happened if you haven’t tricked me in the first place.” 
Minshun spoke Warrior’s words to Nikolas “Says yes we’re aware of your activities and the damage you caused.” 
Nikolas swore several words as Minshun translated them to Warrior who again spoke, “Says your language is not appropriate” as Minshun told Nikolas. 
Nikolas replied pointing at Warrior, Minshun speaking “Who cares about my language? You exiled me.” 
Then Nikolas abruptly walked towards the doors leading towards the courtyard.
He could hear Minshun yelling from behind him “Don’t go out, it’s bad elements out there!” 
Nikolas threw his hands in the air and waved them as he turned around and stormed back towards Warrior with Minshun standing between them. 
Nikolas moved his mouth speaking Hammarabbi as Minshun spoke to Warrior “You shouldn’t have exiled me.” 
Warrior frowned and turned to his side and gestured with his black gloved hand to follow him. They walked out of one of the cafeteria entrances to a dark hallway leading towards the doors of the West entrance of the prison. Reaching the doors, Warrior opened them and Nikolas was surprised to see stairs lighted by a purple light leading down. Walking down Warrior gestured to the walls where glowing golden writing was seen by Nikolas. He stared at the writing as the trio went down the stairs. They reached the bottom after three flights of stairs lit up by glowing writing on the walls and the purple light from above. At the bottom, a wall of rock faced them, Warrior put a hand on the wall and sang some sound then the rocky wall moved aside sliding as if it was a door. Nikolas could see a hallway that was a dull stone sheen. Warrior gestured with his hand for Nikolas to follow him and Minshun through the opening which Nikolas obeyed. Then the rocky wall slid closed behind them as he felt himself getting a bad headache abruptly- 
The voice of Hayu's offsprings interrupted "Boo hiss!"
Jason groaned again to eye the Hayu's leader who kept talking ignoring the booing and hissing sounds from the offsprings:
Nikolas kneeled in a cavernous room as he had a dream as ordered by Warrior through Minshun. Warrior through Minshun claimed it'll help him with his terrible head pain he was seen having. In the dream he saw a Human with grey in his hair which he recognized to be Georgina’s father Yevgeny Visser. The Human sat preoccupied vibrating of anger in the flying machine called a Helicopter piloted by a human. Sitting across from Yevgeny staring was a Highlander Emperor Pavel Palin of Oceana and with him was two Kaddar Oceanan Aquarian guards. The Helicopter flew over the ocean. The Emperor gave a nod; the two Aquarians jerked open the door to the helicopter and yanked him out falling towards the ocean waters below. Nikolas frowned as Yevgeny looked in time to see the three darted out with confusion on his face. He looked to see the Human pilot was slumped over and he swore as he struggled out of his locked harnessed seatbelt locking him in the seat with anger. The helicopter jerked and fell towards the ocean smashing into the waters sinking. Yevgeny struggled to break the seatbelt with his hands but his efforts were hampered by water coming into the open doors. He gasped struggling to breathe air and gulped some water as darkness fell over him. 

Memories came to Nikolas as he remembered that underwater on the bottom of the ocean, was a large black plant living sentient mind walker called Merra closed up like a flower. Inside sat dwarfing by Merra’s large size was Hades with the plant fronds closed to protect him from the watery depths. Merra began to rise up towards the surface and reached the top of the water opening her petals like a flowered rose. Hades got up feeling the desire to feed rising in him. He walked towards an opening in Merra and dived from the opening into the water. Swimming he smelled the familiar scent of blood.
“Food” he thought as he followed the smell towards a wreckage of twisted metal slowly sinking down into the ocean depths. 
Hades swam through the opening of the wreckage searching the source to see it was what Merra told him he needed, was a Human male with grey colored hair sat unconscious heart still beating from within. Hades saw another Human male slumped over in the wreckage. Common sense told him this Human was far gone, system poisoned. Hades hauled the grey colored hair male out of the wreckage towards the surface and then jumped in the air. He flew with legs swinging towards Merra who reached out with a large plant frond and walked into it. 
Hades heard a groaning like moan sound emanated from Merra which he translated to himself “The Human is suitable.” 
Hades made a whistling like sound as a ball of lightening appeared in front of him and flashed brightly to reveal three female figures, the Three Sisters of Otto as they were called, standing there facing him.  
Hades spoke in their language “Prepare him for my feeding.” 
The Three Sisters spoke together words coming out as yee yee saying “This Human will bring trouble.” 
Hades spoke yee yeeing “Nevertheless, prepare him, I must feed.” 
The Three Sisters nodded and proceeded to strip the human of his clothing then one kicked him in the stomach as another held him from behind in a vise like grip pushing on his stomach. The third sister opened his mouth as red bloody water came out and the human coughed opening his eyes with anger vibrating from him as he looked around in confusion. 
Hades advanced towards the Human saying “Food.” 
The Three Sisters restrained the Human who struggled against their grip. Hades put a hand on the Human’s chest which resulted in the Human’s neck to swell up as blood rushed towards the area. The Human gasped some sound as Hades put his masked face on the Human’s swollen neck and bit with fanged teeth sucking the contents of the neck. After drinking his fill, Hades licked the puncture marks on the Human’s neck closing it as the Three Sisters let go of the Human who fell to his knees with his mouth moving. 
Hades heard words come from the Human’s mouth speaking rhythmically in Summeran the Human language “Georgina Visser, goodbye Jora” over and over like the Human was in a trance. 
Nikolas who was kneeling, remembering something opened his eyes as he spoke “Georgina Visser, my mate, and my children.” 

Tikcanni, leader of the Oceanan royal guard was walking through the entrance of Oceana’s headquarters in the city of Atlanta when he blinked his eyes as a bright light flashed and he found himself in a hallway like area with large black plant fronds all over. Tikcanni used his Highlander telepathic senses and sensed the plant was a mind. 
“Merra” He spoke out loud as Merra made an opening besides his left and spat out a figure that fell in front of Tikcanni at his feet. 
Tikcanni saw that the figure was a Human male with dirty grey colored hair and his body was battered, naked covered with bruises. 
There were to Tikcanni’s disgust puncture marks all over the Human’s neck who was speaking words with eyes staring unseeing, which Tikcanni heard to be in the Human language of Summeran repeating “Georgina Visser, goodbye Jora.”
Tikcanni groaned out “Merra” and there was a flash of light behind him and he turned to see three of his Kaddar guards standing there with confused looks on their faces. 
Tikcanni ordered “Help me haul this Human away from here.” 
The Kaddar and Tikcanni together picked up the Human to find themselves standing in the lobby of a Hospital building. People stood staring with shock on their faces as Tikcanni with the Kaddars’ help hauled the Human down the hallways towards a room with a single bed laying there. 
Tikcanni spoke “Begin taping.” 
One of the Kaddar guards pulled out a hand sized round thing and flicked some switches with a whirling sound taping the scene. The medical doctor a member of the Monarch species, Robb Marin with antennas on his head swishing came in the room with a frown when he saw the human lying there. The Kaddar and Tikcanni watched as Robb took an arm sized device from the foot of the bed and waved over the human lying there. 
Robb spoke “The human is far gone, in his mind, put in some trance.” 
Tikcanni spoke “I found him in Merra.” 
Robb frowned hearing the Human speak his words over and over. 
Tikcanni added “Do you know of this Georgina Visser?”
Robb replied “It’s a name of a Human female, put in the Tamkan Island prison with the other Humans.”
Tikcanni spoke “Put him down, he has suffered enough pain, make him disappear.” 
Robb Marin took out a needle filled pink liquid and injected the contents in the Human’s neck. He waited as the Human’s mouth stopped moving, eyes closed and then the Human went still as Robb sensed the Human’s body giving up towards death. Then Robb abruptly put a sheet over the still Human’s head, covering the body. 
Tikcanni spoke “Sent the body to the coroner for clean up.” 
Robb nodded. Tikcanni noticed one of his Kaddar guards speaking to his earpiece and spoke for all to hear “The Guardian Tower is flashing some laser like image of a Human female. “ 
Robb hearing that spoke “Legend foretells when the Guardian flashes and image of someone, it means a person someone important has disappeared.”
Jason again heard the booing and hissing from the offsprings. 
He heard from Brianna in response "For crying out loud can't this story get any better than this?!
He eyed one of the Hayu as if drawn who wound up speaking he hearing:
Yevgeny and Mykaru both heard the cell door open and woke up to see Nikolas walk in and stood and stared at them with a look of recognizing the two. Nikolas frowned staring at them then his facial features changed to another look. Yevgeny frowned remembering that the look was similar to one of the looks his mother would give him. They both watched as Nikolas took the other bunk bed and fell asleep. In the morning, Nikolas followed Yevgeny with Mykaru to the cafeteria where he got his drink of cocoa. Yevgeny tapped him on the arm and gestured to Nikolas to follow him towards a table where Georgina sat with Natalia and Malaja. Sitting down Nikolas slowly sipped his drink as the doors to the cafeteria banged open. Human conversation stopped as Emperor Shintaro with several armed Kaddar guards came in with Aiden. 
Shintaro spoke Shonsurran which Aiden translated in Summeran, “Any one here named Georgina Visser?”
The Humans in the cafeteria abruptly looked at Georgina who got up and walked towards Shintaro and Aiden. 
Speaking Shonsurran, Georgina spoke “what do you want?”
Shintaro gestured with his hand and one of the Kaddar guards held up a small device and it flashed a light showing a scene. 
Shintaro watched as Georgina swore stomping her foot at the scene of a naked and appeared to be battered bruised large Human male with grey hair, who was being injected with something by a member of the Monarch species famous for their medics, a medic who after the injection then pulled a sheet over the Human’s head. 
Aiden demanded in Shonsurran “Who are this Human and what is he to you? He was found in Merra whatever that is, repeating your name, saying the words ‘Goodbye Jora’ over and over due to being put in a trance.”
Georgina stopped her swearing stomp and replied “He was my sire, my father, Yevgeny Visser.” 
Shintaro spoke “There’s another thing.”
With another hand he gestured as the scene in the small device changed showing the city of Atlanta’s tower named the Guardian and at the bottom of the tower showed a scene which Georgina gasped out “Oh Ho! The Guardian wants me to bury my sire there.” 
Shintaro ordered “Fine, then your coming along.”
Georgina rebelled “Not alone. I want five Humans to come along with me.” 
Shintaro opened his mouth to refuse when Aiden spoke “Granted who they are?”
Georgina loudly spoke “Yevgeny, Malaja, Mykaru, Natalia and Nikolas.” 
The five hearing their names called stood up from the bench they were sitting and walked to Georgina. 
Shintaro shot Aiden a glare and then spoke “Fine that is settled Come with me.” 

In the city of Atlanta, a crowd gathered around the Guardian tower to watch as Georgina came walking forward towards the lasers flaring an image of her. Yevgeny stood with the others watching with his namesake’s body lying on a stretcher. The coroner had done a good job of cleaning up her father’s body, who was dressed in a traditional Americanian outfit of black boots, black pants, a long sleeve black top and his grey hair was pulled back in a braid. Sighing Georgina walked forward towards the lasers of the Guardian. Then abruptly the lasers stopped their flashing and then a wall at the bottom of the Guardian tower where she stood opened and there was a gasps of recognition from the crowd as a person stepped out.  
Out of Georgina’s ear shot, Aiden snarled to Shintaro who were watching the scene with the crowd “A Highlander.”
The person was Americania’s President Lyu Jiang himself who walked forward out of the opening towards Georgina, wearing his usual presidential wear of black boots, black pants, and a tan top with a red slash through the tan top. His black hair was pulled back in a traditional braid which flopped as Lyu reached Georgina. Crossing his arms on his chest he gave a bow towards her who signaled towards the crowd behind her. Nikolas came walking forward pulling a stretcher holding Georgina’s father, with her children and Natalia. They reached Lyu and Georgina they heard musical sounds from the Guardian’s opening. Red hooded robed figures came forward, bodies covered but faces seen similar to Lyu Jiang’s, complete with the typical pointed ears of their species, chanting and singing in a foreign language. 
Aiden snarled again towards Shintaro’s ear “Highlanders.” 
The leader of the group was swinging a small fiery lantern as the Highlanders reached Georgina’s father’s body. Georgina watched as the leader who swung the lantern, moved the lantern over the body in four directions. Then another Highlander took a ladle of water and sprayed it over the body, followed by a third Highlander who sprayed dirt on the body. Then the Highlanders took the body on a stretcher and walked inside the Guardian tower with Georgina, Lyu and posse following. Inside Georgina saw was a small round brown room that was sunken in, and the stretcher went to a wall with writings on it. One of the Highlanders put a gloved hand on the wall and there was a rumbling sound heard by Georgina and group. They watched as a large slab of white came out revealing a body of a woman with tan skin, black hair whose eyes were closed, wearing a green dress with left hand on her chest and right hand on the marble slab. Georgina stiffened as she saw her mother, Mahalia, lying there as if asleep. She sensed Lyu put his hand on her shoulder and stood watching as the robed Highlanders gestured to Nikolas who gently picked up the body of her father and placed it on the marble slab next to Georgina’s mother. Then a Highlander gestured to Georgina to come forward. She walked forward and took the right hand of her mother, clasped it in her father’s left hand, then took the right hand of her father and put it on his chest and stepped back, as the marble slab rumbled back into the wall.  
Lyu spoke breaking the silence, “It’s done. You, Georgina are now leader of your people.” 
Georgina stared at him and spoke “No, I’m only a hand to the leader.” 
She crossed her arms and bowed towards Nikolas who had confusion on his face. 
Lyu spoke Hammarabbi to Nikolas “Will you lead the Humans, Nikolas?”
Nikolas hesitantly spoke “Yes.” 
The group minus the robed Highlanders left the room towards another doorway with Nikolas following still confused. At the doorway Nikolas stood as the others walked inside a small square room with writings on the walls. In the room lay an apparent marble slab with two bodies. Nikolas frowned as he saw the Humans and Lyu looking at him. Yevgeny gestured with his hand to look at the bodies. Nikolas walked forward and looked at the bodies with confusion on his face. Lying together, side by side, separately with arms crossed diagonal Nikolas saw, were two figures dressed in robes like the Highlanders but had patches of different colors of the rainbow, their faces covered in white like a Hades mask. At the head of the two figures were two knives with a gonoid handle covered with splotches of appearing to be blood. Nikolas noticed Georgina staring at him with interest as the others had hopeful expressions on their faces.
He asked in Hammarabbi to Lyu “Who are these two?”
Lyu answered “Osiris and Mesen. The knives are of Set who murdered them for the throne.” 
Nikolas spoke staring at the bodies of Osiris and Mesen, “What throne?”
Lyu replied “The throne of the High Council which Set goes by the name of Jupiter.” 
Nikolas stared at him, and then looked around the small room at the writings on the walls. They appeared to be pictures telling a story as Nikolas stared with confusion on his face. 
He spoke “I don’t understand what is so important about those two and the writings on the walls.” 
He heard Lyu speaking to the Humans and assumed that he was translating his words as Nikolas wandered around the small room looking at the writings.
He then heard Lyu speak to him “According to those writings from what we could decipher that Osiris had a son named Horus who disappeared the moment of Osiris and Mesen’s deaths by Set.”
Nikolas saw Lyu staring at him with hope in his eyes and realized their intentions.
Nikolas frowned and spoke “You think I’m this missing son of Osiris?”
He saw Lyu nodded in agreement which brought a groan from Nikolas who said “I don’t know.” 
Lyu stared and spoke “We, Highlanders think you match the signs written in the Book of Hayu that foretold who Horus is and leader of the Humans, in a battle for survival.” 
Nikolas frowned and folded his arms and said “Oh, how can this be proven to me? I’m not convinced.” 
He heard Lyu speaking to Georgina in their language and then Lyu spoke to Nikolas in Hammarabbi “Please repeat the phrase Georgina is going to say in your mind.” 
Nikolas sighed and gestured to Georgina who spoke some words which he repeated out loud then in his mind. 

Outside the crowd was getting restless; Shintaro stood glaring at the entrance to the Guardian with Aiden. 
He spoke annoyed to Aiden, “Why are they taking so long? Prepare to-” 
At that moment, he cut himself off when the crowd went silent to see Nikolas, a scowl on his face leave the Guardian, by the entrance followed by President Lyu Jiang and the others. The crowd gasped as Nikolas stood watching the crowd stared at him and mutter among themselves. He noticed Aiden whose mouth was in a snarl standing in the crowd with a confused Emperor Shintaro at his side. A Felidae yelled in foreign language at Nikolas who turned to glare at the yeller. Nikolas saw as the crowd rebuked the Felidae by swatting the yeller with their hats, gloves and hands out of anger. Reaching Aiden, Nikolas folded his arms and stared at him. 
The crowd went silent and stared at Aiden who sputtered out “What? What are you looking at?”
Nikolas pointed a finger at Aiden and shook it and then walked away as he heard the crowd say “Ooh.” 
Aiden yanked off his hand and threw it at a retreating Nikolas who ducked as the hat went whizzing by his head. Catching the hat, Aiden was about to throw it again when he felt a hand on his chest. He looked to see at his side to see the hand was from the Shadonian High Lord Berro Hydeo who used his other hand to make a motion of up and down. 
Aiden understood the hand motion was Shadonian for “Calm down.”
Aiden snarled and jammed his hat back on his head with a growl angry at the High Lord of Shadonia always named Berro Hydeo regardless of it his name or not. He recalled the tradition was installed after he and another Drainer arrived to Isle of Shadan to translate. Aiden grumbled a nonsense sound. He watched as Nikolas walked away with Georgina, her offsprings he assumed were they. He saw that they were accompanied by a Human female he heard had the name of Natalia Borsova. He eyed Nikolas and group go towards one of the flying vehicles parked in the street. 
Aiden heard President Lyu Jiang speaking in Americanian as he walked towards one of the camera microphones “May I have your attention please?”

In the island prison underground, Minshun sat grumbling to himself watching the monitor swinging in a circle. The monitor showed a black haired version of Warrior speaking foreign language. He heard that the voices of Warrior’s people were silent no longer chanting as if they were watching and listening to the monitor. 
In Basic, Minshun yelled “What did that pointy ear guy say?!”
Warrior who was standing next to Minshun gave him a slap on the face while pointing a finger at him, speaking “Don’t call our species, ‘pointy ears’.”
Minshun groaned and spoke “I just want to know what this person is talking about.” 
Warrior spoke “It is of no concern to you.” 
As a loud voice spoke “Don’t worry about what’s said, Minshun for I suggest you worry about yourself.”
Minshun asked “What’s that supposed to mean?” as the volume of the monitor went up and his question was ignored. 

At the prison, Nikolas sat drinking his cocoa at an empty table when he heard conversations from the Humans went silent. He looked to see what the Humans were looking at one of their entrances to the cafeteria. Nikolas saw two Drainer sized humans tall as himself, standing there. One was a female who had sun colored long bushy hair while dressed in an ankle length black skirt, black shoes peered out of her skirt, along with cloud colored long sleeve top and a holey black shawl was around her waist. Nikolas noticed the other figure standing next to her was a male who had white long hair was dressed in white with a touch of grey, had gonoid skin boots, with ropes wrapped around them, loose fitting pants also of gonoid material with a vest that had long sleeves peering out. Nikolas watched as the male gestured to the female speaking something to her and as they went to get some food from the food processors then they went to the table Nikolas sat and sat across from him.  
The male pointed at Nikolas and spoke “Nikolas,” then pointed at himself and spoke “Teorjer” and pointed at the female saying “Mayria.” 
Nikolas saw Mayria glare at him and Teorjer spoke a word in Basic while pointing to a cup in his hand. The door to the cafeteria leading to the East entrance banged open. Humans looked to see Aiden and a figure standing next to him. 
Teorjer heard Nikolas snarl “Annukai.” 
He reached over and placed a restraining hand on Nikolas’ left shoulder. They saw as Aiden spoke to the Annukai figure that held up a square device and stared waving towards the room. 
The Annukai stopped when a loud voice was heard by Nikolas speaking “This is our sanctuary, Drainers aren’t welcome.” 
Nikolas looked towards the voice to see Warrior standing at one of the entrances to the cafeteria. 
He heard Aiden speak growling “A stinking Highlander. You should be saying Humans and not Drainers.”
Warrior spoke again “This is our sanctuary, what are you doing here?”
The Humans watched in silence as Aiden replied “These Humans were brought here to contact your species, Highlander.” 
Nikolas heard the Humans whispering Aiden’s comment among each other except Teorjer who still had a restraining hand on his shoulder. 
Warrior spoke “So? This is our sanctuary, you aren’t welcome” and he pointed at Aiden, who snarled in a growl speaking “You’ll regret this.” 
Then he abruptly turned and strode out of the cafeteria. 
The Annukai who was with Aiden spoke “All Humans must die.” 
The Annukai turned and followed Aiden out of the room. Nikolas growled to himself as he felt Teorjer’s hand leave his shoulder. 
He narrowed his eyes at Teorjer who he heard speaking to Mayria “Violence doesn’t solve anything.” 
Nikolas finished his drink and deposited the cup in the recycle bin then he went outside in the sun towards his tree unknowingly followed by Teorjer and Mayria. Teorjer stood and watched Nikolas attack a tree as he heard Mayria groan. 
Teorjer spoke “Don’t worry I’ll handle him.” 
Then Mayria watched as Teorjer walked up to Nikolas and tapped him on the shoulder. 
Boos and hisses sounded again heard by Jason who groaned loudly to eye Nikolas seated on a log next to him. Nikolas he heard groaned loudly from his glare and spoke ignoring the noises:
Nikolas felt a tap on his shoulder and turned with anger to see Teorjer looking at him with a bit of a smile on his face. Nikolas angrily aimed a punch at Teorjer who easily ducked. Nikolas in anger started punching fists at Teorjer who ducked and blocked his fists swatting with his hands. Nikolas got more angry when Teorjer swatted him on his face like slapping. Then out of desperation, Nikolas charged towards Teorjer with his full body aiming at his waist. The next thing, Nikolas knew he found himself lying on the ground with Teorjer standing over him with a frown on his face. 
Nikolas spoke in basic “I get the message, Teorjer.”
Teorjer replied in basic “Anger in battle doesn’t solve anything.” 
Then he added “Anger clouds the mind, makes one vulnerable to attacks by the enemy.”
Nikolas groaned and slowly got up to face Teorjer and said in Basic “Why are you here?”
Teorjer answered “There’s a saying along the lines of when a student is in need of a teacher, is ready, the teacher will appear.”
Nikolas grumbled out sarcastically “Oh, you’re this teacher to teach me what?”
He found himself again lying on the ground with Teorjer glaring at him speaking “That tone isn’t tolerated.”
 Nikolas saw Teorjer extend a hand towards him and grabbed it, to his shock Teorjer easily pulled him up to a standing position with great strength.
“Who are you really?” Nikolas asked him.
Teorjer replied “you’ll know in all due time.” 

Kan came running into the cafeteria and loudly yelled “Everybody! You won’t believe this but the new human, cloud guy knocked Nikolas off his feet twice.”
Jash who was with Kan spoke “I saw Cloud guy block Nikolas’ punches like they were nothing but slaps then Nikolas charged at him.”
Kan interrupted to say “Cloud guy knocked him off his feet with a kick to the legs.”
Yevgeny asked to his mother “Ma, that’s good isn’t it?”
Georgina shrugged Human style and got up towards the courtyard with her children and Natalia following her. Reaching outside the group saw the new human, cloud guy in the middle of teaching Nikolas some fighting moves. 
Malaja spoke “He’s teaching Nikolas, the Brazil Kata. I recognize it.” 
The group was joined by several Humans who stood watching Nikolas. They saw Nikolas attack the new Human male who shifted to his side and used his hands to flip Nikolas onto the ground on his back. They saw Nikolas shake his head and slowly got up. 

Nikolas got up to hear applause from the Humans who were watching him learn fighting skills from Teorjer. 
“I just want to bite these Humans for that” he complained. 
Teorjer replied “Don’t worry about them, let me worry about them. Trust me.”
Nikolas looked at him and said “I have a hard of a time trusting people, for backstabbing me.”
Teorjer ignored that comment spoke to Mayria “What do you think of Nikolas’ fighting?”
Mayria’s response was to roll her eyes, sky ward as Nikolas groaned out “Oh.”
The door to the cafeteria banged open as conversations went silent. Aiden stood with a sneer on his face. 
He spoke firmly “Nikolas.” 
Nikolas hearing his name called got up and Aiden held up two fingers pointing to the Humans which Nikolas nodded. He pointed to Teorjer and Mayria who stood up and followed the Aiden with Nikolas out of the room to outside. He frowned finding Aiden form a globe over himself which he got inside followed by Teorjer and Mayria. He eyed the scenery as Aiden flew the globe over in the air to the city of Atlanta from the looks of it. In the city of Atlanta, Aiden removed the globe and then lead the three to a tall building. 
Nikolas heard Teorjer speak basic to Mayria “The Ambassadorial headquarters for the Shonsurrans.” 
Aiden lend the group up an elevator to a room with glass windows around three sections showing a view of the city. The room had a table with chairs around it and seated was Emperor Shintaro who sat at the side of the table watching them. Standing next to them was President Lyu Jiang, who had his hands clasped in front of him. 
Shintaro spoke which Lyu translated in Hammarabbi, “Sit Nikolas.”
Mayria went to sit and felt herself restrained by clasps on the chair. Nikolas heard a thump from behind him and saw Teorjer kneeling with a look of annoyance on his face as he saw an Annukai, gun aimed at Teorjer’s head. Shintaro gestured to Nikolas to sit which he sat in the chair in across the table from Shintaro who pushed a piece of paper. 
Nikolas narrowed his eyes and read the contents before crumbling it up and throwing it at Shintaro, while speaking in Hammarabbi which Lyu translated “I won’t sign this piece of crap.”
Shintaro flicked a switch on the table and it showed a force field monitor of the island prison Humans sitting in the cafeteria looking freaked out by the looks on their faces. 
Shintaro spoke “You will sign” as Lyu said the words in Hammarabbi. 
Nikolas looked at the monitor to see a Human walk towards the entry to the open courtyard stared waving his arms. He saw as the other Humans stood up watching this Human disappear in a flash of light. 
“Uh?” Nikolas asked “What the depth’s going on?”
Lyu translated his words to Shintaro who spoke something which Lyu nervously replied “All Humans on this planet are sentenced to death.” 
Nikolas laughed and spoke with Lyu speaking his words to Shintaro “You forgot about when a species is extinct, the next generation of species will birth that species bringing them back.” 
He noticed Shintaro narrow his eyes at him as Lyu spoke his words. 
Shintaro spoke something as Lyu speaking “Those two, will be kept alive to prevent that.” 
Shintaro added as Lyu spoke “You will sign the agreement in your King Winter form to keep the cold from hitting the city of Atlanta or suffer the consequences.”
Nikolas heard the Annukai whose gun was aimed at Teorjer’s head cocked his gun as he looked at Teorjer. The same look of annoyance was on Teorjer’s face. Nikolas looked at Mayria who was stiff and frowning. Sighing Nikolas grabbed the paper Shintaro pushed at him and changed his form to King Winter. King Winter signed the paper with his left hand then he got up and went to the windows just as a siren like sound was heard from the Guardian tower. He felt Teorjer and Mayria join him at the window both looking at him. They looked in time to see on the horizon was a white thick cloud fast heading towards the city. King Winter sensed Teorjer staring at him as he aimed his staff towards the cloud and bowed his head. He saw in his mind Teorjer looked at the cloud to see it was hitting something green that appeared to be a force field as he heard glass breaking from the windows behind them. Abruptly he saw in his mind Teorjer and Mayria turned around to see a big thick gonoid with small ears, claws, and a big dot of a nose came into the room thru the window. The gonoid he saw was stalking towards them while a shocked Shintaro sat watching with Lyu. 
Teorjer spoke “Your cold isn’t welcome here.” 
The creature charged at the three which Mayria ran and pushed Teorjer out of the way. They fell to the ground in time as King Winter turn around and aim his staff at the creature. Nikolas floating within the body's mind could only watch with shock as the creature smashed into King Winter, who both fell through the window falling towards the ground below. The cloud at the moment came and hit the city with cold snow. Flying in the air with his back towards the ground, King Winter changed his form to Nikolas as he gave the creature some punches. He didn’t notice the creature’s narrowed eyes, widen as if surprised when King Winter changed his form to Nikolas. As they fell, the thick cloud of snow came into the city and hit Nikolas hard who hit the hard ground with a thud of body still-. 
Boos and hisses interrupted blaring loudly.
Jason spoke with sarcasm "Jeez Nikolas you had to ruin the mood didn't you?"
He glared at Nikolas who spoke ignoring his question sounding of continuing on the story:
Nikolas awoke to find himself strapped to a sled that being pulled by eight grey creatures that yapped as they ran. He sat up and looked behind him to see a figure of the Naran, dressed in a grey hooded robe with a sun colored mask covering the face, standing behind him on the sled. Nikolas opened his mouth to speak a retort but the Naran standing behind him put a black gloved finger to the mouth on the mask and spoke some commands to the creatures that Nikolas looked to see them enter a cave entrance. He watched as they went thru an icy tunnel to a cavern which the creatures stopped and stood. Nikolas saw as the Naran got off the sled and freed Nikolas from the straps strapping him to the sled then growling Nikolas got up and stood looking around the cavern. He could see that he was in a small cave with two tunnels, one leading to outside and one leading further in the cave. 
Nikolas again opened his mouth to speak when the Naran spoke “Welcome to my domain.”
Nikolas grumbled out “Why have you brought me here?”
Instead of answering the Naran walked to the tunnel doorway leading further into the cave and gestured for Nikolas to follow him. Then next thing he knew as he changed his form to King Winter, Nikolas heard a growl and a whining sound then he was knocked down, from behind and fell unconscious.  
Once again boos and hisses sounded as Jason rubbed a hand over his Human like face groaning loudly. He heard from one of the Hayu in response speaking:
On the planet Rakcara, the Pharaoh of Rakcar arrived to sit on the throne in the stadium. Then the lights went out bringing darkness to the stadium. Then a light of fire appeared going around the stadium. The members of each race and their eyes followed the light of fire until it circled the stadium and went in the middle of the circle then went up towards the heavens splitting in four lights and then four big fires appeared as the sun rose up and illuminated four big cauldrons burning away. The rising sun traveled across the sky and lit up, bent to the four cauldrons, the cauldron on the other side of the stadium. Then the sun went down and the lights of the lit up with light. Then the cauldron started rising up straightening and then a doorway appeared beneath it. All watched with shock as the High Council returned. 
The Rakcaran Pharaoh got up from his throne and sang in Rakcaran with the Drainer translating in Basic for all to hear thru a microphone “Says welcome High Council.”
The High Council members dressed in different colors of yellow, blue, black, green and red combinations, with their faces hidden in white a Hades like mask without the glowing orbs of the eyes. Then the High Council member leader arrived and sat on the throne with the other High Council members. 
The Gate Keeper yelled “Entry Location Shadan!”
Then the door of the gate opened and revealed two figures one with a Jackal head Anubis and a humanoid body wearing a white skirt with his chest bare with a staff in his hand. The other figure was dress in total white with a crown on his head, dressed in pants with boots, a vest with sleeves complete with a cape but his face which showed a Human face of a sneering glare and a torch cauldron staff in his right hand. 
The Pharaoh gasped out singing with the Drainer again translating, “Says King Winter! You aren’t welcome here!” 
Then Anubis gestured to King Winter with his staff and King Winter walked forward with Anubis besides him with bells sounded. They stopped and King Winter’s servants the Ramora all eight of them stood besides him as King Winter aimed his torch staff completed with a fire at the oval as smoke came and which figures in white ice formed in front of the Pharaoh of Rakcar’s throne. The Shadonia in one part of the stadium stood up and as the crowd gasped. Several figures in ice were illuminated with two appearing to be Shadonian. Jupiter gestured with his hand and Anubis walked forward towards the icy figures. Then the horn of the Gate Keeper sounded as the doorway gate flashed and a female figure covered in red and white, with her face covered like those of the high council came out. Anubis turned around and held up his fiery staff towards the female but King Winter stood in the way of his fire. The High Council leader pointed to her and then pointed with a golden gloved hand to the forbidden gate, waved with a dismissal of his hand but she shaking her head pointed a golden gloved finger at him and pointed at the Forbidden gate. Then the High Council leader again pointed at the gate as the council members pointed too. The doorway gate behind the female High Council member in red flashed as Luna, daughter of Earth in an all white robe came out followed by a female high council member Edenia dressed in green. Luna tore off the robe and revealed to the crowd a male dressed in pants, boots and had a vest with sleeves and a cape of five colors of yellow, blue, black, green and red as the other High Council members.
The Pharaoh sang “She is a he!”
The crowd gasped and watched as the green female Edenia and Lunar pointed at the High Council Leader and then at the gate. The Crowd could only watch as the High Council members gestured with hands signals talking in an apparent argument. King Winter standing partway down the oval gestured to his minions the Ramora all females wearing red dresses with a thick stripe of gray in front, and had black wings with gray crowns on their black haired heads, who were surrounding him in a kneeling position to move but they shook their heads as Anubis roared raising his staff then lowered it in several times. The figures in ice melted. The High Council member in red with Lunar and Edenia walked towards the High Council dais as the Leader pointed at them and to the Forbidden Gate. All three shook their heads and kept walking towards the dais as a shield appeared surrounding the dais. King Winter could only stare with his familiar sneer as the Leader stuck his hands to his sides as the rest of the Council pointed at the Lady in Red then at the Forbidden Gate. King Winter felt his minions pull him to the grass side of the oval in the stadium. 
A siren like sound sounded as the Gate Keeper yelled “Entry, Location Unknown!
The Pharaoh sneered with the Drainer translating “Humans!”
The gate flashed and then a Human in blue with sun colored hair with a feminine form came out and yelled "We will have victory!” 
She was being followed by two Humans leading a large Horse pulling a large massive white coffin with a group of Humans also in blue with caps on their heads. 
This brought the crowd to jeer “Humans Die!” 
The Pharaoh spoke “This is our sanctuary, Humans aren’t welcome here.” 
This brought the crowd to repeat chanting this as the Human group stopped. Several Humans walked to the coffin and then lifted the lid and held it up. Then the Horse went forward pulling from the Human group holding the lid of the coffin and which revealed lying on a massive white slab were two figures. The crowd gasped as the figures were revealed to be like the High Council themselves. One of the figures lying there was wearing a crown of a bottle in a hat and the other was wearing a crown shaped like a golden barrel. Then the Lady in Red glided walked towards the bodies of the two High Council members and reaching one of them, she pulled a necklace from the one with the bottle in a hat crown and walked towards King Winter who stood watching. She pointed slowly at his neck and held up from his neck a necklace pendant and held up the necklace from one of bodies of the High Council. The crowd gasped as the High Council stood up from their seats as if in shock for both pendants were the same. The Humans who were standing abruptly kneeled. The Gate flashed and showed a white covered up female like the High council members who walked with Edenia and Lunar towards the bodies of the High Council members. They glide walked towards the bodies lying on the slab. The covered up female kneeled at one of the two bodies and shook as if crying. Then the Lady in Red walked towards one of the bodies and kneeled. King Winter gripped his necklace in confusion. Then he looked up and fired from his staff a large piece of ice like comet at the High Council Leader as a bolt of lightening came and hit the ice like comet. King Winter looked to see a ball of water, lightening and fire came towards him forming three figures. One in blue, King Sea which had a staff that blocked King Winter’s staff, the second was in red, Ellison Donovan, keeper of the flame in a lantern which grabbed his left hand and the third Lord Teorjer in white took off the necklace King Winter was wearing and threw it behind him. King Winter shook his head and his hand went to his head as if confused. The a ball of lightening, fire and water formed around the three elements and King Winter then flew in the air towards the gate at the other side of the stadium. The Horse at the moment panicked and ran towards the female human who dived to her right out of the way. She saw as Anubis the Jackal head God grabbed the Horse’s harness and restrained the Horse with one hand. 
The pharaoh sang “It is the Humans who will cause the Great War so all Humans must die.” 
The Human female standing away from the Human group yelled “Who gave you authority to decide the fate of the Human race?! For only the High Council can decide that!”
The crowd went silent as if waiting for the Pharaoh to speak. The Pharaoh got up from his chair and touching his left wrist his form changed into a High Council member who the crowd gasped in shock. The female could only watch as the Humans with the lid dropped it and stood. Then she saw her people fell to the ground as a large force field came sweeping towards them. She watched with horror as the Humans disappeared in the force field. Then she felt herself grabbed by the arms by two beings with squawking bird heads and a Humanoid body. They roughly hauled her towards the stairs where the dais sat at the top stood the High Council member. 
The Rakcar General standing next to the High Council member spoke to the Drainer who translated “Any words of wisdom, Human?”
At that moment she heard the Horse gave a neigh sound followed by a “Neer-ahh” sound. 
The Rakcar General screamed out which was translated by the Drainer who spoke “What?! It’s Mesen’s Horse! The curse lives!"
She standing there started walking followed by the bird men, which got the crowd to their feet taunting and jeering at her. She kept her head held high as she was escorted by the bird head guards to the doorway, the exit gate at the other end of the stadium. Then she went through alone. The gate took her to a grey room where some Humans stood watching her.
She spoke “It didn’t work.”
Jason again heard boos and hisses only to hear from Brianna "Oh for crying out loud! Let them tell the story! Stop your whining!"
He sighed and heard one of the Hayu speaking:
The council sat there on the dais when the gatekeeper yelled sounding after a horn “Entry Mediterranean Gate!”
The gate flashed revealing a female with brown shoulder length hair wearing a blue jumpsuit with black shoes. In her left hand was the halter of the horse that neighed. Anubis signaled towards the Falcon guards. One of them disappeared and appeared in front of the woman holding onto the horse. The guard howled out a call which the woman didn’t flinch as she held the horse. 
Shad speaker of the Council a Luneran spoke “A defective human. She can not hear.” 
The crowd gasped as the Falcon guard grabbed the female and hauled her thru the oval of the stadium till they were standing in front of the High Council. The horse at the moment was let go and escorted by another guard who whacked its rump and the horse went into the exit gate with a flash. 
Shad spoke “We the High Council must adjourn. Bring the defective Human along.” 
The council got up and went thru the gate behind them along with Anubis and the speakers including the guards. 
Jason groaned rubbing a hand on his short black haired head again hearing the boos and hisses from the Hayu's offspring loudly jeering the High Council. He groaned as another voice spoke ignoring the insults:
The gate flashed as Anubis came out with a crown in his left hand and an Annukai behind him. 
The Annukai spoke “Respects High Council, what will you do with the crown?”
The High Council sitting on the dais of chairs in front of a cave opening that towered in the darkening sky spoke speaking through Shad “We have a candidate for the crown that we hope to meet your approval.” 
One of the members sitting in the middle of the dais gestured with gloved hands. The High Council's guards dubbed Hyperon moved away from a tree that featured a stone slab which opened revealing a male in white with his arms folded lying on the metal slab. The Annukai walked towards the slab and took a look at the male who was wearing furry like boots with ropes twisted around them, along with white furry gonoid skins as a long sleeve smock top and pants. The male had a Human like look on his face but his mouth was open showing fanged teeth as the man lay with eyes closed. 
The Annukai spoke “A former King Winter, he feeds like a Drainer, approval granted.” 
The Annukai watched as Anubis put the crown on the male’s head and then the staff which was following Anubis went to settle on the man’s right hand. The male, King Winter grabbed the staff with his hand and his eyes opened and he sat up. The Annukai bowed towards King Winter while saying some words while noticing the cold lord looking at him with a hungry gaze. 
Onya also speaking for the high council spoke “Hyperon, restrain yourselves, for we want him to feed on the Human.” 
The Falcon guards brought a Human a female the defective Human with brown shoulder length hair and a blue jumpsuit forward towards King Winter. One of the guards made a cut on the female’s neck with a clawed hand and the Annukai saw King Winter’s eyes glaze red of hunger. King Winter rushed towards the female in a fast move who struggled as he put his hand on her chest which made her neck swell up. The Annukai groaned softly as King Winter bit the female's neck sucking her blood. After having his fill King Winter licked her neck and pushed her away. The female fell towards the ground unconscious. 
The Annukai standing next to her body was grabbed by the neck by King Winter, who spoke “Yes I understand you King Winter, I’ll speak for you if you want.”
King Winter hauled the Annukai towards the dais where the High Council sat followed by Anubis and the Falcon guards.
Jason again heard the familiar booing and hissing sounds spoke loudly "Nikolas why don't you tell us a story just to drop the ridiculous subject of the awful Human hating group the High Council?'
He eyed Nikolas who shrugged and spoke:
Nikolas shook his head and slowly opened his eyes. He awoke from a dream. In his dream he was at a river standing on a large rock outcropping next to the river when he heard the sound of crashing noises. He turned around to face the crasher when he was abruptly grabbed from behind and thrown backwards across the river towards the bushes. Then he felt pain in his back as he saw a Humanoid creature of fire come crashing thru the bushes across the river. The Humanoid, called the Pacha roared then the scene went black. Nikolas found himself was lying on the dirt ground at an entrance to a rocky cave. Groaning he got up to look around. He was in a forest with tall towering trees. 
He wondered to himself “What’s going on?”
He heard a sound of “ahem” and turned towards his left to see two figures that stood facing him. 
They had white skin, with long black hair and were dressed in white shapeless clothing. Recognition came to Nikolas’ eyes as he saw the twins, the voice of the conscience who spoke together “Don’t talk anymore, just listen.” 
Then Nikolas felt himself looking at a ring of trees to see a familiar black figure of Hades come flying towards him with legs swinging. Hades reached Nikolas and both males stood facing each other. 
Nikolas watched as Hades spoke muffled in Hammarabbi “Food.” 
Nikolas groaned recognizing one of Hades’ fingers sticking out of his mouth. As Hades advanced towards Nikolas, he suddenly grabbed Hades’ left hand at the wrist with his right and yanked the finger out of Hades mouth as Hades put a hand on Nikolas’ neck squeezing. Nikolas held up the finger and released Hades’ left wrist and stood his ground. Hades looked at the finger held by Nikolas and looked at his own right hand. One of his fingers was missing. Growling Hades snatched the finger and jammed it in place on his right hand. Nikolas watched as Hades reacted as in pain then saw him flick his left hand revealing a black bladed knife out of a sheath in Hades’ left arm. Nikolas felt himself frozen up and couldn’t move. He saw as Hades used the knife to cut his hair and held it up. Nikolas saw that the hair was in a ball full of fire known as the Eater. Hades sheathed his knife and threw the ball behind him. 
Nikolas saw the back of Hades’ neck as the ball sailed in the air and Hades advanced towards Nikolas saying “Food.” 
Nikolas groaned to himself, thinking “The natives of this place really need to shave Hades’ head to heal him.”
Nikolas abruptly felt Hades grab him by pressing a hand on his chest and spun him around then the Drainer proceeded to bit him in the neck sucking his blood. Finished Hades licked his neck as Nikolas refrained from thinking thoughts as the Drainer proceeded to drop him onto the ground then walked away. Nikolas got up and frowned. He listened and proceeded to walk in the forest following Hades. He saw Hades look behind him to see Nikolas following. Then abruptly Hades jumped up and flew with legs swinging through a cluster of bushes. Nikolas touched the bushes and pulled them apart. He was on a cliff wall that was facing another cliff wall. Frowning he turned to walk following the cliff wall. He heard a sound of a river roaring and went to the sound. Nikolas passed through several bushes and saw a river apparently coming from a mountain cave. He stood on a large boulder and heard the sound of crashing noises of trees uprooted coming from behind him. Nikolas held up his hands and stood with his back towards the crashing noise. He saw Hades come walking through the bushes balancing on a tree branch above him and saw at the bushes below the tree were figures Nikolas recognized: Annukai who were standing across the river on the banks. The Annukai were dressed in gonoid dirt colored animal skins covering their legs and some had their chests covered.
Nikolas heard the familiar voice of the Naran speaking in Hammarabbi “Well, well, what do we have here, a new visitor!”
Nikolas saw as he turned to face the Naran behind him, a flash of white, grabbing the figure revealed to be Humanoid female wearing white clothing who struggled in his arms. She was intending to throw herself off the boulder towards the river down below and drown judging by her clothing which was a white robe that covered her figure. 
Nikolas heard Hades speak in a guttural voice snarling in the same language “Naran, you’ll wake up King Sea.” 
The Humanoid female in Nikolas arms screamed and growled out loud some guttural gibberish.
The Naran spoke referring to Nikolas “The female will wake him up with her noises. Shut her up idiot!”
Nikolas clamped a hand over her mouth and resumed his hold over the struggling female. Her struggles in his arms brought strange feelings towards himself. 
The Naran spoke again “Our new visitor is acquainted with this idiot.” 
He heard Hades growl from above speaking “Who cares? State your piece Naran.” 
The watery river next to Nikolas and the female, who stopped struggling, blew up into a column of water. 
Nikolas looked to see Hades and the Annukai disappear into the bushes yelling “King Sea is awake!”
Then he saw the Naran with other Annukai besides him turn and run crashing into the forests. Nikolas lifted the female and was turning to run when he saw white smoke appear in front of the two. The smoke reverted to reveal a humanoid man which Nikolas recognized to be Teorjer by the clothes he was wearing, who held up a hand which lightening flashed from the Human like right hand. Nikolas saw that Teorjer had all black eyes with white hair partly pulled back and had a Shadonian appearance on his face. Nikolas realized that this Teorjer was different from the Teorjer he met. The column of water landed besides Nikolas on his right while still holding the female who stopped struggling as he held her. The column revealed to be a Humanoid figure wearing hoodless blue robe dress with an apparent shiny metal breast plate on the front of the outfit. The figure’s hair was long blue color and there was a shiny crown on the figure’s head. Nikolas looked at the figure in blue’s face which was Humanoid in appearance by tan skin and had all blue eyes like a Shadonian. King Sea, Nikolas mused to himself as he turned towards his left to see a large fireball hit against the ground revealing a Human man with short black hair and all white eyes like a Shadonian. The Human man was wearing a red hooded robe that partly covered his head. There was a lantern in his left hand. Nikolas recognized to be Ellison Donovan the Lantern Keeper while he stood still holding the female waiting silently. He abruptly let go of the female who jumped off the boulder. He grabbed one of her arms while she hung over the boulder. He looked to see a figure with a similar face like King Sea, come of the water grabbing one of the female’s legs. The female proceeded to bang her hand on Nikolas’ hand as he held her while yelling her gibberish language. Nikolas let go and the female fell into the river caught by this figure. They both went underwater and disappeared. Nikolas slowly turned around and faced the three elemental men. He saw King Sea jerk his left hand and felt water spraying at his back. Nikolas felt a confused expression on his face as he stared at the three elementals. 
Across the river, Hades and the Annukai gripped their heads hearing the loud voice coming from the three elementals say to Nikolas, “You will kneel!”
Hades heard one of the Annukai remarked “What’s wrong with the new visitor? He should be hearing this and he’s acting like he’s not.” 
Hades walked towards the river bank and yelled “He can’t hear you!” 
His yell was lost as thunder boomed and the sky became dark of rain, lightening and thunder. Hades swore and then he kneeled as if mediating. In the dream Hades was walking on a plain ground that was far as the eye could see. The ground was devoid of life and was dry with cracks in it. He saw the new visitor standing with arms up facing the three elementals of air, fire and water. 
Walking towards the four, several pairs of hands appeared grabbing Hades who stood struggling yelling “He can’t hear you!”  
The Naran appeared besides Hades as Annukai Leader with a beard and the Surrai Leader. The hands surrounding them disappeared and the four walked towards the new visitor and the three elementals.
 Reaching them, the four bent down in pain while hearing the three elementals’ voice say sounding louder and quite angry “You will kneel!”
Hades spoke out loud to the others “Together, he can’t hear you.”
Then the four spoke together yelling, “He can’t hear you!”
Nikolas stood frowning with his eyes darting from each elemental man. He frowned as the storm of lightening, thunder and rain stopped suddenly. He looked at Teorjer who moved his mouth forming words. 
Nikolas lip read the words “You will kneel.” 
Teorjer pointed towards the ground, Nikolas kneeled with his hands up at the sides still wondering what’s going on. Suddenly the three disappeared and Nikolas got up to see Hades came swinging by to land next to him and gestured for him to follow him. Nikolas followed Hades through the forests to a large Eater flaming away surrounded by rocks and surrounding the rocks were large tree trunks sitting on their sides. Sighing Nikolas went to sit down as an Annukai came from the trees above. 
Nikolas sat on one of three logs surrounding a large fire listening to the conversation Hades was having with an Annukai. They were apparently arguing. 
Annukai: “Take off your mask and give it to the visitor.”
Hades: “No I will not do that.” 
Annukai: “We saved your life from them” while pointing up at the trees above. 
Nikolas looked up to see Annukai climbing up on the trees while spraying some rope from their mouths to the branches. Attached to the branches were large moving bundles that appeared to be Humanoid size. 
Nikolas heard an Ahem and looked towards his left to see the Twins speak “Don’t talk, you’ll be recognized by the three-.” 
At that moment they were interrupted by Hades saying loudly “The visitor was a predecessor and I refused to give him the mask.”
Nikolas looked at them and got up with a glare. He grabbed two fiery pieces of a branch from the fire, and threw it at the Annukai. Hades seeing the danger grabbed the Annukai out of the way as the branch landed near a large sized eight legged gonoid which skittered away. 
The Annukai yelled “What the depths are you doing?!”
Nikolas was going to drop the branch on his right when he felt himself frozen. Hades had released his knife and was walking towards Nikolas. 
Grabbing the branch Hades spoke “Idiot could have killed him.” 
Then Hades took the branch and dropped it in the fire then Hades grabbed Nikolas by the throat and sheathed his knife. 
Nikolas gagged as Hades spoke “Talk! Who are you?”
The Annukai, Hades was arguing with came up and spoke “Put his head in the fire if he won’t talk.” 
Nikolas gagged out “No!”
Hades proceeded to pick him up and threw Nikolas onto a meadow with dirt. Nikolas groaned to himself seeing white stalks of small grass peeking out of the ground. He also saw some white stalks appear shooting out of the ground.
“Surrai” He thought to himself remembering, as he got up to see Hades and the Annukai walking towards him. 
They both reached him as Nikolas stood and asked “Do you recognize me by my voice?”
Hades and the Annukai looked at each other and Hades spoke “No, who you are anyway?”
Nikolas replied “I was warned that someone would recognize my voice.” 
The Annukai asked “Who cares, you got a name?”
Nikolas answered “One of the names Sanver.” 
Hades spoke “Sanver” as the ground around them began rumbling in vibrations. 
Hades added “I’ll stand still if I were you.” 
Nikolas blinked his eyes. Hades had flicked his knife out and he picked up the Annukai and carried him towards the logs surrounding the fire. Reaching the ring of logs, Hades sheathed his knife as the ground rumbled of someone moving. Nikolas folded his arms and stood looking around the rumbling ground. 
He saw a large stalk at one side on his right and then he lip read the Annukai speaking “Does he know he’s standing on them?”
Nikolas looked down to see three large stalks of white came from the ground near his feet and before he could take a step forward, a body came from the ground throwing him backwards several feet onto the ground. Nikolas lay on his back to see the big three Surrai leaders, Kurpanov, Yugadin and Nemovsky appear from the earth roaring with muscular arms and muscular backs to Nikolas. The earth around him shattered as Surrai came up roaring awake. Some grabbed Nikolas as they pulled themselves from the earth. They held him in kneel as Nikolas focused on them to see that they were like what he last saw them as Hades. The Surrai had lion like manes with some of sun colored hair and some with night colored hair and a Human appearance on their faces and Human like ears but had clawed hands and golden eyes. They had a muscular humanoid body and their hair was always long and was pulled back in a tail. They had black wrap around pants that wrapped around their ankles and covered their feet. Nikolas noticed that the Surrai still had one female which he recognized to be Mal with her long black waist length hair that pulled back also pulled her chest's covering top a familiar gesture of her ready to fight. Next to her Nikolas saw was Trevor with his long black hair in a tail and Yolly with short shoulder length sun colored hair that was partly pulled back. Nikolas groaned to himself as he saw the big three turned around and he saw Kurpanov’s sneering Human like face glaring golden eyes at him. Kurpanov stalked towards Nikolas as the Surrai around him grabbed him and raised him up. Kurpanov to Nikolas’ surprise was around his height as were the other Surrai. 
Reaching Nikolas, Kurpanov proceeded to paw his face with his clawed hands and he spoke words through fanged teeth, which Nikolas to his shock understood the Surrai language “Well, what we have here?”
Nikolas thought “How can I understand their language?”
Kurpanov he groaned softly grabbed him by the throat and lifted him up with a clawed hand and added “Who’s this visitor?”
Then Nikolas felt himself airborne as he was thrown in the air onto the ground and landed on his stomach. He saw a large white stalk came slowly up from the ground besides him.
Nikolas felt his head grabbed and Kurpanov’s voice in his ear whispering “Think we won’t recognize you?”
Then he felt his head released as Kurpanov stuck his fist into the earth besides Nikolas and pulled out a Surrai by the head. The Surrai had black hair and a face identical to Kurpanov’s but Kurpanov had sun colored hair which Nikolas recognized to be Kazak. Kazak’s golden eyes appeared to be dim as he was pulled from the ground by Kurpanov. 
Nikolas looked questioningly at Kurpanov who sneered out loudly “Take a look at your damage to my brother.” 
He heard the other Surrai mutter questions towards Kurpanov on this brother status some claiming that Kazak wasn't really his brother at all. 
Kurpanov he heard spoke “Enough! This fool is him the one who did this to us.” 
Then he saw Kurpanov released Kazak speaking “Go to sleep, brother dear.” 
Kazak went into the ground like it was water and the ground closed up behind him.  
Nikolas saw a white stalk rise from where Kazak was and it bent as if bowing. 
He looked at where it was pointing at and saw it was pointing at an apparent angry Trevor who was standing next to him, who roared out “Your not killing him is you?”
Kurpanov snarled out “Well, a sympathizer, and its Trevor. Does the female and Yolly agree with Trevor?”
Nikolas remembered that Kurpanov never called Mal by her name, and he had a weird feeling when he saw Trevor standing next to him. 
He spoke “Hello” word coming out in Hammarabbi.
At that moment he heard Trevor and Kurpanov yelled together in unison “Shut your trap!”
Nikolas looked at Mal who stopped adjusting her top and at Yolly who looked with a surprised expression on their Human like faces. 
They both looked at each other with a look of which Nikolas recognized as the Surrai way of saying “Yes” and then it came to him as he thought “It’s not Kazak who’s the brother but Trevor.” 
Nikolas looked at a growling Trevor who was saying to Kurpanov “You aren’t No Face and killing him won’t solve a thing.”
Kurpanov growled back “Says you, pathetic Trevor?”
Trevor sneered out “Says me, Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov spoke “Does the female and Yolly agree?”
Trevor he saw looked to see his companions Yolly and Mal looking at Kazak’s white stalk which was bowing in a pointing gesture towards himself. 
Kurpanov, Nikolas noticed the bowing white stalk grumbled out loud “This is ridiculous!”
Nikolas sat on the ground and folded his arms and formed a glare on his face and stared at Kurpanov. Nikolas saw Kurpanov noticed him staring at him charged at him with a left clawed hand. 
Trevor at the moment got in Kurpanov’s way and blocked the hand by grabbing Kurpanov’s left hand with his right spoke “Give it up, you haven’t kicked my seat in a long time.” 
Nikolas grimaced as Trevor grabbed Kurpanov’s other hand and twisted Kurpanov till he was kneeling on the ground with both arms behind him held by he himself. Nikolas pointed which the Surrai noticed it was at Trevor and then pointed at Kurpanov. 
Kurpanov growled out while struggling against Trevor’s hold “Impossible, that fool is implying you as a brother.” 
Nikolas heard Yolly speak “I heard you two together say to this fool to shut your trap at the same time which only siblings have that ability. I haven't heard this from Kazak and you Leader Kurpanov. I keep hearing it from Trevor from time to time.” 
Mal he heard spoke “Kazak keeps pointing at Trevor.” 
She he saw gestured a hand at Kazak’s stalk which was clearly pointing at Trevor who was still holding Kurpanov. Nikolas heard the Surrai mutter among selves and watched a range of emotions on Kurpanov’s face as Trevor let go of Kurpanov. Kurpanov got up with grabbing his own arms and rubbing them then the rubbed his head which Nikolas recognized as a confused gesture among the Surrai-
At the moment Nikolas was interrupted by another Hayu speaking:
In a Stadium on Rakcara, the High Council arrived as a horn was sounded from the Gate Keeper yelling out “Entry, Mediterranean Galaxy!”
The gate to the Mediterranean opened revealing a ball of electricity, fire and water. The ball separated into three figures elementals, King Sea of water, Ellison Donovan the Lantern Keeper of Fire, and Teorjer of the storms of Air, who stood watching the Stadium audience and the Rakcaran Pharaoh take looks of them. 
Then the horn sounded again as the Gate Keeper yelled “Entry, unknown!”
The audience looked to see a figure came walking thru the gate holding a cauldron staff with fire burning brightly in the figure’s right hand. 
The Rakcaran Pharaoh sang seeing the figure “King Winter, your cold isn’t welcome here!”
His words were translated by the Drainer standing next to him with the Listener standing besides the Drainer. King Winter aimed his staff at the three elementals which three comets like icicles went flying aimed at them. Teorjer held up his hands as three lightening bolts came out and the three comets shattered. The three Elementals put their hands together and a ball of fire, water and electricity surrounded them and the ball flew towards the exit gate. 
Shad speaking for the High Council spoke “Anybus, did you put the tracking device on them?”
Anubis standing in front of Shad and Onya bristled at the sound of mispronouncing his name spoke “Yes.” 
Shad spoke “Track them, Gate Keeper.” 
The Gate Keeper standing besides the entrance gate flicked switches on the console in front of him spoke “Tracking them going to Terrania Confederation. Oh lost the signal, they must have found the beacon.”
Shad spoke “King Winter, come forth and kneel.”
The stadium crowd gasped as King Winter turned towards his left towards the High Council that sat in their chairs to face them. King Winter walked with his left hand behind his back and kneeled with one leg towards the High Council. 
The Listener whispered to himself “My hands are tied.” 
The Gate Keeper pressed a button on the console and a horn was sounded heard by all in the Stadium as he spoke “Entry, Terrania Confederation.” 
A ball of fire, water and electricity came out of the entrance gate and stood in the air. King Winter got up and thrust his staff at the ball which reverted revealing a white figure standing in front of the three elementals. King Winter’s face turned into a glaring sneer when he recognized the fourth figure dressed in total white was a female dressed in a white dress with a white coat tied at her neck and her black hair was up in a ponytail with a black mask covering her entire face. She appeared to have her hands tied behind her as the three elementals had their hands on her shoulders. They abruptly formed into a ball and sailed around the stadium towards the Mediterranean gate. King Winter stomped his foot and a ball of white snow surrounded him and he followed the three elementals’ ball which sailed pass the Mediterranean gate to the exit gate. The gate flashed as the balls went in the exit gate in the stadium. 
Jason again heard the booing and hissing again. 
He groaned loudly "Can't you offsprings let the storyteller finish telling the story?"
Jason groaned in response as the booing and hissing stopped to his relief followed by another Hayu speaking:
"On Terrania, Teorjer saw King Winter following them, waved his hands and smoky clouds formed surrounding the elementals’ ball. It was fog and the clouds grew thick and it made King Winter angry as he roared traveling in his snow ball unable to see the three in their traveling ball. The three Elementals flew reaching a cluster of island atolls and reached a river on a large island, where the ball dissolved. The woman in white lay on the banks surrounded by the three Elementals. Teorjer waved his hands and the woman’s features changed to a woman wearing a white robe with blonde hair. King Sea raised his hand and the water came spilling over the banks and took the woman into the water. Teorjer waved his hands and the fog dissolved as the three disappeared-"
Jason interrupted as once again the booing and hissing sounded "Nikolas just continue on the story now and get to the point."
Nikolas he glared at obeyed speaking:
It was night time, and around the eater surrounded by thick logs was Hades still arguing with an Annukai. 
The Annukai spoke firmly “Give your mask to Sanver.” 
Hades asked “Why?”
At that moment the Annukai warrior sneezed and spoke “Please come up to the trees.” 
Hades stared at him like in shock. 
The Annukai spoke again “Your invited to the trees, please come” as a rope came flying down besides them which was grabbed by the Annukai.
Hades shrugged and jumped up towards the tree branches above. The Annukai came up climbing up the rope while pulling it up from the ground. They stood on the tree branches watching Nikolas sitting on the ground in a kneeling position with head down appearing to be asleep. Nikolas shivered and then he went from his kneeling position to stand. Nikolas woke up and looked around to see the eater went out and his breath went in puffs of smoke. He looked down to see the white stalks of the Surrai went into the ground. Shivering Nikolas walked towards the smoldering eater only to be thrown to his right side and he felt a hand covering his neck. 
Nikolas heard a loud demanding voice speak in his mind from the hand gagging him at the neck “Where is she?!” 
Nikolas replied in Hammarabbi “Who are you?”
The voice belonging to the choking hand spoke "Speak Basic you fool!” 
Nikolas made a gagging sound and the hand released him tumbling towards the ground. Nikolas turned around from the ground to see the source of the hand. Nikolas stared with his golden eyes with shock.  
“King Winter” Nikolas thought to himself as he shouted in Hammarabbi “Help me, somebody!”
He screamed saw the blue eyes of King Winter turn red which he recognized as a Drainer way of hunger. Next thing he knew the Cold Lord had made a come gesture with his left hand and Nikolas felt his body rise from half lying on the ground and glided towards an angry King Winter. Nikolas looked at the Cold Lord’s neck to see a necklace with a crystal pendant on it. 
Nikolas thought “Poison! Someone has poisoned him!”
Nikolas groaned as he felt King Winter put his left hand on Nikolas’ chest which made his neck swell up and his eye sight blurry. He saw through the blurry sight that the Cold Lord opened his mouth revealing fanged teeth and Nikolas felt King Winter put his mouth on his neck and there were two pain pricks followed by hearing a sucking sound. Nikolas groaned as he felt images too fast for him to see came flicking at the corners of his eyes while King Winter sucked the blood from him at his neck. Then abruptly the Cold Lord licked Nikolas’ neck several times and put his left hand around Nikolas’ neck. 
Once again Nikolas heard a demanding voice speak loudly in his mind “You will tell me where the three hid her!” 
Nikolas spoke gagging in his foreign language “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
He felt the hand tighten around his neck and felt the voice speak again “Yes you do, for you reek of one of the cold!"
The comment he recalled that the Cold Lord was referring to Nikolas as King Winter before his crown and staff was taken away. 
Abruptly Nikolas heard a sound of electrical zapping as King Winter abruptly let go of him and he looked to see King Winter’s face looking up while consorting in pain. Nikolas got up and looked to see Teorjer standing behind him with electrical lightening coming from his hands hitting King Winter on the back. 
Nikolas yelled “The necklace around his neck is poisoning him!”
Nikolas reached for the necklace as the eater surrounded by the logs came sputtering to life. Grabbing the necklace surrounding King Winter’s neck, Nikolas gave a yank while and threw it into the sputtering eater that burst roaring away. Nikolas stood watching as King Sea with Ellison Donovan came out of the bushes and went to stand next to Teorjer who stopped zapping King Winter. Nikolas could only watch as King Winter dropped to a kneeling position with his back to the three elementals shaking his head with his left hand on his grimacing in pain, face. Then abruptly Nikolas felt himself rising towards the trees above where he was caught by Hades and an Annukai. Hades put Nikolas’ hand on his shoulder and made a quiet gesture of silence with his hands to Nikolas. Nikolas nodded in agreement. Together they stood watching King Winter kneeling on the ground shaking his head as he reacted from the poison while throwing up the contents of his stomach while coughing. 

On Rakcara a horn was sounded heard by all in the stadium. 
The Gate Keeper yelled “Entry, Mediterranean Galaxy!”
The group and the High Council watched as the gate flashed showing a gliding High Council member dressed in shades of white and red striped robe with the face covered like the other High Council members themselves.
Shad spoke “You of the High Council and your supporting the First Ones have gotten you exiled.”
Onya chimed in “Go back to the gate and suffer.” 
The female High Council member walked towards the exit gate but only to be blocked by Anubis who stood with his staff pointing at the High Council member. 
The Gate Keeper again yelled “Entry, Shadan!”
The Humans were two males dressed alike but one had black hair and the other had long blonde hair. They proceeded to walk till they reached a microphone in front of the dais where the Pharaoh of Rakcara sat. 
The Rakcaran Pharaoh spoke singing which was translated by the Drainer and by the Listener standing next to the Drainer speaking in Hammarabbi “Says state your purpose!”
One of the Humans spoke in Hammarabbi to the microphone which the Listener translated for all to hear in a microphone in his hand, “Says, Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto.” 
Then the Human took off a necklace with a key on it and held it up while speaking which the Listener spoke again translating “Says, I have a message on the key which all must see.” 
Anubis came to stand next to the Humans, which the Human tossed to the Jackal head warrior. Anubis went to a globe on a stand next to the dais and put in the key. A large airless monitor flashed behind the Humans in the middle of the stadium showing the contents. The Shadonia sitting together in one side of the stadium went silent as a force field went up showing the message for their eyes sight. In the message was a close up of a Human male with blonde hair sitting in a chair with fury on his face. 
The Human spoke in Hammarabbi with anger in his voice, which the Listener translated “Says, You have no domain over Earth and the planet’s people. If war is what you wish to avoid, then war is what you will get. I, Yevgeny Visser, speak for my people when I say we, Humans have now declared war, for the time of peace has come to an end.” 
During the message playing the exiled High Council member walked towards the exit gate and entered it with a flash of light. 
The message continued with Yevgeny speaking “I will warn you of Humans for they are easily offended and they hold grudges. We, Humans don’t forget easily especially the disappeared or in Human terms, the dead. So I’ll be careful if I were you for us Humans won’t forget easily the wrongs committed against us.” 
The monitor went blank as the Rakcaran Pharaoh sang words translated “The Humans have gotten desperate to survive for their declaration of war is nothing and has no merit.” 
Then the Pharaoh signaled towards the Sakul standing in a row with their weapons aimed at the two Humans, who fired their round weapons with laser bullets. 
The Humans fell towards the ground and as they hit the ground a ball of lightening flashed from both Humans which the Pharaoh sang “Shields now!” 
The stadium was suddenly lit up with blinding white light coming from the Humans and then the light went out. The Pharaoh looked to see Anubis standing sideways in front of the ruler. In place of the Humans were dark splotches on the red ground.
Anubis spoke loud voice blaring in the stadium “The High Council’s Communicators have been taken out by the Humans’ bomb.” 
He pointed at the dais where the High Council had gotten up from their seats and were standing around two figures that were lying on the steps with forms still. The crowd gasped. Anubis saw one of the High Council members point to him and gestured. Anubis nodded his head and pressed a device on his arm and there was a whining squeal as he disappeared.  
The Rakcaran Pharaoh sang his words translated by the Drainer “The High Council must attend to their Communicators and will return when they can.” 
The crowd watched as Anubis helped the High Council haul their Communicators pass the chairs towards a gated opening which flashed as they each went through. 

In the Terrania the Kaddar came running from the entrance to the stadium with guns drawn. The crowd went silent as the Kaddar stood with guns drawn aimed at the entrance to the stadium area. The crowd gasped as a hooded shaped figure came out into the stadium. Yevgeny Visser and his brother Mykaru Visser stood besides the President of Americania; Lyu Jiang stood watching with awareness on their faces as they saw the hooded figure dressed in red and white stripes. 
“It’s her.” Lyu thought to himself. 
Lyu waited as the figure glide walked towards the dais where he and the others stood watching her. Aiden at the moment gave out a growl which he was restrained by Berro who put a hand on Aiden’s chest. The figure in red and white stripes stood in front of the dais. Lyu strode forward and reached the figure that halted shorter than him. Lyu leaned his head and appeared to all to be whispering to the figure then he pulled the hood off revealing a face. Yevgeny gasped as Mykaru grumbled to himself seeing the figure’s face. The face was of a female but she had pointed ears like Lyu and a pale tanned skin with almond shaped eyes of gold. 
Lyu walked towards the microphone in front of them and spoke “New species is referred by the others as Highlander.” 
The crowd gasped as Lyu continued speaking “We have allies and foes but this female here has a name and it is Isis.” 

On an island in the tree the Annukai standing on the tree branch besides Hades spoke to Nikolas “Sanver, your name is Nikolas.” 
Nikolas gave out a growl of displeasure as Hades spoke “Your name is Nikolas. They say it is.” 
He pointed to the three elementals that were standing behind King Winter. Then Nikolas abruptly felt himself pushed and he fell towards the ground with a thump landing on his feet with a hand on the ground to catch his balance. He looked to see Hades land silently next to him. They both went to stand in front of a still kneeling King Winter whose crowned head was bowed. 
Hades stood at Nikolas’ left and spoke “They say lift up your shirt.” 
Nikolas grumbled and pulled his gonoid skin long sleeve shirt up revealing a strong muscular chest with abs that were like washboard. \
Hades spoke again “Turn around and show your back.” 
Nikolas protested “I’m not turning my back to them.” 
Hades growled out “Do it or wear the mask.”
Grumbling to himself Nikolas turned around and pulled his shirt revealing his back. 
Hades spoke “Take off your shirt.”
Nikolas pulled his shirt off while turning to face King Winter and the three elementals.
Hades ordered “Take off your pants.”
Nikolas growled loudly his displeasure as he took off his pants revealing himself in his buffed muscular glory and thrust his clothes to Hades who held them. 
Hades spoke “Turn around.”
Nikolas snarled some sound and turned around his naked back while hearing Kurpanov come from the earth on his left. Kurpanov came up and walked towards the group. Nikolas folded his arms and heard Hades speak “Put your arms to the sides.” 
Nikolas obeyed and felt his long hair that covered his back parted forward on his shoulders. 
He spoke “I’ve been told that there’s writing on my back and no one has bothered to tell me the contents.” 
He didn’t see Teorjer signal to Hades and Kurpanov who both nodded their heads, as a loud voice spoke “That’s too bad.” 
Nikolas heard a whining like sound behind him and used his super speed to turn around towards the whining squealing sound and grabbed the figure.
Nikolas spoke with his hand on figure’s right arm with his right hand gagging the jackal head figure on the neck “You squealing idiot.” 
The figure with the jackal head spoke “Nikolas is easily fooled.”
Nikolas blinked his golden eyes to see the figure change to a gagging Kurpanov. Nikolas let go of Kurpanov with confusion in his face.
Nikolas asked “What the Gods going on?”
Nikolas heard a familiar sound of a roar from behind him and felt himself hitting the ground as something bit him in the back as he yelled “Get that thing off of me!”
Nikolas heard another sound of a roar and felt dizzy as he lay on his stomach feeling pain from his back and pain from his left arm as he lay on the ground. 

In the stadium, Berro Hydeo, High Lord of the Shadonia entered the stadium. He heard the crowd yell insults at him. They still haven’t forgiven him for leading an aborted conquer attempt on Americania’s city of Atlanta, Berro mused to himself with his mouth clamped shut. He reached the area where the Ambassadors and racial leaders of the other races stood. Berro stood in front of the microphone waiting to speak. He also saw Aiden the Drainer standing with microphone in his hand waiting to translate his words.
Berro heard Shonsurra’s Emperor Shintaro taunt him speaking in Basic Language “What do you have to say High Lord Berro Hydeo?”
Wisely Berro spoke in the same language “Just one thought, Humans.”
The stadium lights went out as the large monitor screen went on from above the people hung from the stadium rafters showing a seated male a Human who spoke in Basic language “Your seeing this message because of Berro Hydeo saying the word ‘Humans’ and I, Yevgeny Visser will get to the point by answering a question. How did the Shadonia, an advance race of war was defeated by the city of Atlanta a rag tag group of people? Reason number one, there was a traitor, a Shadonian called Teejan who warned the city of the Shadonians attack.”
“Teejan” Berro thought to himself as he and the others listened to the message. 
The Human continued speaking “The Shadonia didn’t know that there was a race living in Atlanta, their sanctuary, that was even more deadly and their called Human.” 
Yevgeny pointed to himself and continued speaking “The Humans on their home world had over six millenniums of planetary civil war.” 
The crowd gasped as the words “Civil War”. 
Yevgeny added “I will warn you of Humans for they are easily offended and they hold grudges and we, Humans don’t forget easily especially the disappeared or in Human terms, the dead.” 
Berro heard the crowd muttering among themselves as he listened to Yevgeny’s message. 
Yevgeny continued speaking “I have fathered a child especially a female called Georgina who I warn you, not to harm her. She is being courted and watched by a very powerful male, her mate. I’m aware of this male but his name I’m uncertain and I believe he will be the father of her children. So I’ll be careful if I were you for us Humans won’t forget easily the wrongs committed against us.” 
The message screen went blank as the lights went back on. In a room overlooking the stadium stood Georgina Visser with Isis. She stood with a frown on her face and heard a squealing whine behind her. They both looked to see the source of the whining sound to reveal a bearded tall male with blonde sun colored hair about a bit taller than Georgina who stood. His eyes were black and there were black eyes on his forehead in a circle that surrounded one big eye. Georgina’s eyes narrowed recognizing the male to be the leader of an Annukai sect group. 
The Annukai spoke in Summeran “Who’s this male that your sire is talking about?"
Georgina kept her mouth shut as a shorter Annukai came jumping down from the ceiling and stood next to his leader with identical blonde hair. 
Georgina abruptly bent down as if feeling a headache come on and remembered as a memory come to her mind. In the memory she recalled being younger and walking through the forests at night. She came around a tree and saw her father, Yevgeny sitting on the ground in a kneeling position wearing pants with his bare back to her. He had a thick lighted candle sitting on a tree stump. 
Georgina watched her father and heard him speaking words “The fire that brings destruction, lights the way, bringing hope for all.”
Her father paused and then she heard him added “Mahalia, your name will forever be echoed among the natives of Terrania for I swear on my blood this.” 
Mahalia she mused to herself was the name of her mother and then she watched as he chanted the name Mahalia while rocking back and forth. 
Georgina frowned at the memory as Isis stood glaring at the Annukai leader with a glare. 
The Annukai leader spoke “Stop faking your headache and tell us or suffer the poisoned scarab.” 
The Annukai Leader abruptly turned to see his minion grab his head and bent down in pain. 
The Annukai Leader looked at Isis who pointed at her head and made a finger walking motion with her right hand which made the Annukai Leader snarl “What did you do?” 
Isis narrowed her eyes and stared at the Annukai Leader while speaking “Again lying. You know who this male is!”
Isis spoke soothingly “The male is my son and you will not hurt him.” 
The Annukai Leader frowned and then gasped out “Horus, son of Osiris!”
Isis spoke “You will not hurt him for the male is my son.” 
The Annukai Leader gasped as he spoke “You’re a High Council member” as a headache came to his head and he bent down groaning. 

The male aka Horus son of Osiris in question, Nikolas lay on the ground groaning in pain. 
He heard the Annukai say to Hades “Give Nikolas the mask.” 
Hades demanded “Why?”
The Annukai responded “Nikolas is dying.” 
Nikolas threw up and coughing out blood. He barely saw Hades remove his mask which revealed a pale white face of a Highlander. 
Nikolas moaned out whispering “I won’t remember when the mask is on.” 
The Highlander came forward to him and Nikolas felt something slimy put on his face and he heard the Annukai speak “The Humans need you, Nikolas” as he fell unconscious. 

He woke up with anger and punched his way through the cocoon he lay inside. His left hand came out followed by his right hand. They were instantly grabbed and the cocoon material pulled apart to reveal people he automatically recognized to be Humans in gonoids skins clothing. They pulled him out and restrained him, holding on his arms and placed him in a kneeling position. 
He spoke “Food.” 
He struggled against the Humans holding him tightly. He looked to see a Human like being man wearing clothes but he had no hair on his head and had pointed ears and similar skin color like the Humans. The Humanoid being made a gesture with his hands and he felt the Humans reach his right hand to the top of his forehead and pulled down the mask to reveal his face which was in a scowl. 
The pointed eared being spoke “Oh dear, Nikolas, he doesn’t remember.” 
He growled out “Food.” 
He opened his mouth to reveal fanged teeth and gnashed them together. 
The pointed eared being spoke “Mind walking inside his head now” and he leaned forward till his face was near Nikolas’ bare face. 
Nikolas jerked feeling something inside his mind and began to struggle. He groaned as he inside his mind saw the pointed eared male walking down a maze of hallway with doors on the sides. The doors were closed. The being reached a door at end of the hallway and kicked it open. This made the other doors behind him open and smoke came billowing out of the doors as he felt the being redrew from his mind and groaned as memories came to his mind. 
He looked at the being which he recognized to be a Highlander with a glare and spoke “Can I have something to feed on? I’m terribly hungry.”
Nikolas sensed the Highlander walking inside his mind and then the being spoke “Nikolas. He remembers who he is.”
The Humans abruptly let go of Nikolas plopped the mask back on his face, who spoke to the Highlander “Who am I supposed to feed on?”
The Highlander shrugged as Nikolas walked by Nemovsky who spoke “Feed on me, Nikolas.” 
Nemovsky gestured with a clawed hand. Nikolas hesitated looking at Kurpanov who had his arms folded with a glare on his face. Standing next to him was Trevor who was frowning. Nikolas looked down at Kazak’s stalk and then at Kurpanov. 
He heard Trevor say “Who do you think put the finger in No Face’s mouth?” 
Nikolas looked at Trevor who was pointing with a hand towards a row of Humans standing besides the eater surrounded by logs. They stood watching Nikolas some with glares on their faces and arms folded. Nikolas looked at the Highlander who was standing among the Humans with a frown on his face. 
Groaning some sound, Nikolas spoke “Have it your way.” 
He hesitantly put a hand on Nemovsky’s chest and bit the Surrai’s neck sucking till he felt hands on his head then Nikolas licked the puncture marks closed and let go of Nemovsky. 
Nikolas noticed King Winter sitting on a log looking pale with his eyes glazed red of hunger and he spoke “King Winter feeds the same way as I do.”
He saw Kurpanov snarl some sound and Yugadin came forwards to King Winter who weakly stood up. Nikolas watched as King Winter placed a hand on Yugadin’s chest and saw the Surrai’s neck swell up as the Cold Lord leaned forward. King Winter bit Yugadin’s neck sucking the essence from within then the Cold Lord licked the puncture necks closed and his eyes stopped glazing of red of hunger. Nikolas saw King Winter nod his head of thanks towards him. 
He heard Kurpanov speak “Nikolas, go to the table now.” 
Two Surrai came forwards and took Nikolas’ arms and led him out of the clearing. Nikolas tiredly let the Surrai lead him to a cluster of bushes and then they walked off. Sighing he opened the bushes to see the familiar rocky area with the same stone slabs there. With a groan he went to the table, kneeled on it and fell asleep. 
 
It was night time and the moon shined as Trevor stood in front of Kurpanov who snarled “Stand aside.” 
They were in front of the bushes that led to the table where Nikolas kneeled asleep. Trevor spoke as Kurpanov’s eyes narrowed “Use the trees to make them bring Nikolas out. You want him to feed on you again?”  
Kurpanov’s response was to growl some sound and the two Surrai looked through the bushes to see two loose tree branches grabbed Nikolas on the arms that woke up growling. 
Trevor heard Kurpanov speak “Nikolas, get your seat over here.” 
Nikolas got up from the table as the tree branches let go of his arms and he walked out of the table area to face Kurpanov standing next to Trevor surrounded by the other Surrai. 
Trevor spoke “What did you do to Kazak? We want to know.” 
Nikolas replied “Kazak busted a female belonging to Nikolas.” 
Nikolas looked at Trevor who was looking at Kurpanov with his arms folded, who snarled out “Oh, does that female live?”
Nikolas spoke “Yes.”
Trevor spoke “He was controlled by the Ters, the Haydea.” 
Nikolas frowned watching Kurpanov narrow his eyes at Trevor who added “The Haydea, I saw them along with Kazak and Yolly.” 
Kurpanov turned to look at Yolly who spoke “I hate to say this, but Trevor’s right about the Haydea, for I saw them too.” 
Kurpanov exclaimed “Impossible! I never saw them!”
Trevor spoke “Your anger makes you blind, Kurpanov.” 
Kurpanov roared some sound as Trevor calmly added “Anger can make one blind to things and you know that.” 
Kurpanov growled out “Nikolas, go back to sleep.” 
Nikolas obeyed walking in the table area and kneeled on the table falling asleep. He barely heard the Surrai growling and roaring from his position. 

Day light shined rays on the forests. Nikolas walked through the forests towards the large eater. He sat on the log and frowned lost in thought among the Humans milling around. The Highlander went to sit next to him and he heard the Highlander speak “The name is Shuen Jyang.” 
Nikolas nodded his head hearing the Highlander’s words. 
Kurpanov arrived in the clearing and walked up to Nikolas that was sitting on a log next to the large eater and ordered “Open the Gate.” 
Nikolas groaned as the Highlander standing next to Kurpanov, Shuen Jyang spoke “Nikolas, please.” 
Grumbling Nikolas got up from the log and stood as a yellow globe came from him and surrounded himself. He saw Shuen came walking inside the globe with King Winter to stand next to him. 
Shuen again spoke “The Three elementals will lead the way towards the destination then once there they will leave us.”
Nikolas raised the yellow ball and went up following the three elementals’ ball. They traveled over a series of island atolls to his surprise. Then they traveled over the waters of the ocean towards a land and on it was a city which Nikolas recognized to be Atlanta. 
Shuen spoke “Land near the Guardian tower please.” 
Nikolas landed the ball and the globe reverted back inside him as he folded his arms trying to keep himself from bending down in pain. He could see a crowd standing meters away and they were muttering among themselves when they saw him with King Winter and Shuen. He also saw that the Guardian was flashing an image of a blonde and bearded Annukai with a beard wearing gonoid skin clothing wrapped tightly around him with thick ropes. The crowd went silent as they saw a boxy vehicle riding up to a stop. Nikolas and the others looked to see figures came out of the vehicle. One he recognized Georgina Visser whose face narrowed in anger when she saw him and with her was a Highlander dressed in a red robe that seemed familiar. Following them was the Annukai the Guardian was flashing an image of who hesitated after seeing King Winter and after he got out the crowd went silent when they also saw Lyu Jiang came out of the vehicle. 
Nikolas saw Emperor Shintaro came out with Aiden and spoke whispering to King Winter “It’s that fool who made me sign some paper agreeing to not snow the city with the cold.” 
King Winter made a thin line out of his mouth vibrating of anger as he watched them come forward towards where he stood. Nikolas saw him made a come gesture with his left hand and Emperor Shintaro went flying towards King Winter who caught him by the neck. Nikolas groaned as he saw King Winter’s face filled with fury towards Emperor Shintaro in his hand. The Emperor produced a piece of paper from a pocket in his hand which Nikolas grabbed and unfolded the paper for King Winter to read. 
Nikolas could hear Aiden growling as the Annukai standing next to him spoke “I am sorry but it was my idea.” 
King Winter let go of Emperor Shintaro who coughed and gave the Annukai a glaring stare. 
The Annukai groaned and spoke “My people do not like Humans.” 
Nikolas watched as King Winter took the paper and put in the cauldron of his fiery staff, sparks flew as the paper was burned to ashes. He felt Georgina at his side and the Highlander female. The Annukai turned and walked towards the image of himself flashed by the Guardian tower and waited. Soon the Guardian stopped flashing the image and his waiting was answered as he looked up along with the crowd to see an opening in the Guardian as a large box with writing on it at all sides came out and was lowered towards the ground with metal arms. The Annukai stared at the large box that was taller than he was as he heard a sound of metal grinding and watched as the large box opened. The top part came up as if shielding the contents from the shining sun as the sides went flopping down. The Annukai gasped as he saw the contents, which were two bodies lying on a metal board. Nikolas with his face hidden by the mask, frowned seeing the figures as he saw one of them was dressed like himself and the other was dressed like King Winter but had a female form with a crown on her head. Their exposed faces with their closed eyes were seen to be human looking with human ears, but were like the Annukai on their foreheads. One of their arms was on their chest and the other arm was clutched together as if holding hands. The Annukai frowned and stared at the two laying there. 
Nikolas heard the Highlander in robes speaking to Georgina “The first Hades and the first Winter Queen. Legend foretells that they loved each other but could not be together. The sun was why they couldn’t be together for any touch of the rays would burn him and the Winter Queen was not a night person.” 
Nikolas with memories coming to his mind also heard Georgina speak “I heard the story that she couldn’t be with him, left him for another and had the other’s baby.” 
Nikolas turned and spoke to the two females “A betrayal he couldn’t forgive which caused him to act out in anger.” 
He saw Georgina and the female stare at him and then Georgina spoke “The Guardian is flashing your image.” 
Nikolas turned to look and saw that Georgina was right. He unfolded his arms and walked forward towards the image of Hades flashing and reached it wondering what was going on. The image stopped he heard a rumbling noise and looked up to see another box came out of the Guardian and was lowered towards the ground next to the box with the first Hades and the Winter Queen. Then the box opened the same way as the other box opened revealing two figures lying on a plank. Nikolas groaned seeing them as the Annukai went to stand next to him. They were dressed the same way as the first figures but Nikolas saw that the Hades lying there had a female form and the other figure was dressed like the Cold Lord had a male form complete with a crown on his head. Their exposed faces were the same as the other two lying on their planks. 
Nikolas frowned as he heard the Annukai speak “Stories say for reasons due to the sun, they could not be together so they mated with Humans and had offsprings. A betrayal our kind the Listener couldn't forgive hence our hatred towards Humans in question.”
Then the boxes closed and went inside the Guardian. Nikolas heard a whizzing sound and ducked as Aiden’s hat flew by him. He looked at King Winter who had a smirk look on his face and saw that an Annukai had a gun pointed at Georgina’s head. 
“Ivan, you idiot!” Nikolas yelled with recognition as Aiden threw his hat at him again. 
Georgina frowned hearing him speaks his words. She looked at King Winter who turned to look at her with an apparent accusing look on his face. 
Georgina spoke “Ivy?” 
A memory of her father and herself came to mind as she stared with recognition on her face towards King Winter whose face was similar to hers. In the memory her younger version was at a campfire with her father talking to him in a cluster of trees surrounding them. There were tents nearby the campfire in the darkness. 
He was saying “Don’t let Ivan drain you, Jora.” 
Georgina remembered that that name Jora was her nickname as her younger self replied “Of course I won’t let Ivy drain me, Papa” 
Her father Yevgeny Visser told her “He drained your mother from within while she was carrying the both of you, something I have yet to forgive.”
Georgina remembered what happened next, Ivan her twin brother came from behind them and attacked them roaring. Her father grabbed a stick from the fire to fight Ivan off. 
Ivan spoke “Father don’t do this to son.” 
Georgina groaned remembering her father speak “You’re not my son, for you killed Mahalia and nearly killed Jora. Be gone from my sight, Demon.”
Ivan spoke “Jora, don’t let Father do this to your twin brother.” 
Georgina frowned remembered that she threw a dart at her brother who stared at her with shock while gnashing his fanged teeth as the dart landed on Ivan’s neck. 
Georgina in the memory spoke “You’re not my brother.”
Ivan fell towards the ground falling unconscious. When it was daylight, her father hauled an unconscious Ivan towards a raft on the ocean waters and laid him on it. 
Then with a kick of his foot, Yevgeny spoke “At least he won’t harm anyone anymore.” The raft left the shore and went following some current disappeared on the horizon.
Georgina shook her head of the memory as the Guardian made a siren like sound and the crowd standing nearby started running away going in different directions. The Highlanders with Emperor Shintaro started walking away towards shelter.
Georgina felt a hand on her neck nearly gagging her and a male demanding voice speaks in her mind saying “You think I haven't forgotten Jora?"
Georgina looked to see King Winter had a sneer on his face as he snarled in her mind “I remember you and your betrayal.” 

Nikolas at the moment ducked as Aiden threw his hat at him. Then Aiden threw the hat at the female Highlander in red and white striped robe that was walking nearby. Nikolas used his super speed power and grabbed the hat before it reached the female Highlander. 
He snarled “You would attack a defenseless person?”
Aiden stood with shock on his face and whispered “Nikolas.” 
Nikolas charged with super speed at Aiden who felt himself pushed backwards towards the ground. Abruptly Nikolas heard Georgina scream and turned to see the smirking smile on the Cold Lord who while holding her disappeared in a ball of white that went flying in the sky. 
“Georgina!” Nikolas yelled running towards them as he felt something hit him from the behind and fell towards the ground. 
His last thought as the darkness took him was “I found my mate and she’s taken again.”
Jason groaned hearing the familiar booing and hissing sounded again. 
He sighed as Nikolas kept talking ignoring the noises "Nikolas woke up feeling spasms of pain on his back. He discovered he was in a boxy room while facing metal bars with chains on his arms and legs in his standing spread position. Every time he shifted pain hit his bare back and he groaned. 
He heard the voice of Torrin speaking “I wouldn’t move if I were you, Nikolas, the whipping machine is programmed to hit for every movement you make.” 
Nikolas looked to see Torrin with a sneer on his lips standing in front of the metal bars of the cell with arms folded. Nikolas groaned as he saw Torrin walk away-"
Nikolas, Jason heard was interrupted by another Hayu a female speaking for Georgina who was pointed out to be Edenia herself by her green dress speaking:
Georgina struggled against her brother’s tight grip as he flew in the air towards a series of island atolls. Reaching a large island, Ivan landed on the ground as the ball surrounding them disappeared. Georgina felt herself let go while feeling a hand on her chest as her throat swelled and felt her brother bite her on the neck sucking her blood. She groaned sensing him reading her mind as he drank from her neck. Then he abruptly licked her neck closing the puncture marks on her neck and once again she was gagged with his hand on her neck. 
She heard his voice snarling in her mind speaking “This island is where I ended up and it turned to be hell for me to survive until I could find a way to leave.” 
Georgina looked at him questioningly as he gestured towards the trees with the cauldron torch staff in his hand. 
She heard Ivan say “See those short and stony trees with furry like tops. Their night grabbing race called Treemon. I had to put up living with them during the night with their inside stomach ropes sputtering out of them trying to grab me also putting up with eating food from the ocean as I formed a raft. The raft I was on broke apart on the rocks and I had to swim to the island from the ocean.” 
Georgina gagged out “Father was right, you really are a monster.” 
Ivan angrily spoke in her mind “I am no monster but a person with needs.” 
A ball surrounded them and Ivan flew them in the air leaving the Island. 
Jason heard another Hayu interrupt speaking despite giving the male a glare:
At the island prison of Tamkan, Yevgeny with his brother and sister sat at the bench with Natalia sitting outside in the sun. The four looked to see a giant white ball landed on the grass near the electrical fences. The ball reverted to show King Winter who was holding Georgina by the neck. 
“Oh no.” Natalia exclaimed seeing King Winter lifted up Georgina and threw her towards a tree. She landed on her side apparently unconscious. Yevgeny, Mykaru, Malaja and Natalia got up from the bench and ran pass the other Humans towards Georgina. 
Teorjer who was standing with Mayria from behind King Winter spoke to her “Walk towards them and when I give you the word now, you scream aiming it at King Winter.” 
Mayria stared at him with a confused look on her face but walked towards the four who were running towards Georgina lying on the ground. Mayria groaned seeing the four turned to ice and saw two four legged furry gonoids sitting unseen by King Winter besides the Cold Lord who were crouched on the ground. Teorjer ran and kicked King Winter’s knees from behind who fell in a kneeling position. Teorjer proceeded to hold King Winter’s neck in a vise grip with his left arm and used his right hand to hold the Cold Lord’s staffed arm. He saw the gonoids sitting on the ground change their forms to Humans in gonoid skins armed with long knife like swords. 
Teorjer spoke “Anger in battle doesn’t solve anything.” 
Then he added while King Winter struggled “Anger clouds the mind, makes one vulnerable to attacks by the enemy.”
King Winter roared and Teorjer saw three Annukai guards came running towards him pass the Humans using their super speed technology on them. 
Teorjer waited as the two gonoid changing Humans came running around the two and one of the Annukai, seeing them yelled out “Amula!”
Teorjer kept his hold on King Winter yelled out “Now!” 
Mayria who reached Georgina lying on the ground opened her mouth as a sonic scream came out aimed at King Winter. The Annukai fighting the gonoid changing Humans bent down gripping their heads in pain while falling towards the ground. Teorjer watched as the gonoid changing Humans proceeded to examine the fallen Annukai. The ice surrounding the four Humans shattered and they stood shaking their heads in confusion. 
Teorjer whispered to King Winter who stopped struggling “See her, your mate, Mayria, or should I say Gina.” 
Mayria walked towards Teorjer holding King Winter with a glare on her face while wagging her finger at them. King Winter abruptly felt himself let go and he stood up to face an angry Mayria who stomped towards them. 
Teorjer thought to himself “At least she remembers him.” 
King Winter stood as Mayria reached him and gave him a slap on the face with her hand. Teorjer saw them move their heads and hands but not their mouths as they communicated. Teorjer sighed and walked away from the hand waving duo walking towards the four Humans surrounding Georgina who was sitting up awake. 
He reached them and heard Yevgeny speak “Ma what’s with King Winter?”
Teorjer spoke before Georgina could remark “He is her twin brother called Ivan.” 
The four looked at Teorjer with shock. 
Mykaru spoke “That explains why I noticed that his face is the same as Ma’s.”
Georgina groaned out “Teorjer is telling the truth, he is my twin who drained my Mother while she was carrying him and me.”
Malaja asked “What about Nikolas, our father?”
Georgina exclaimed “Teorjer! What have you been telling them?”
Teorjer stood and replied “The truth, which their old enough to know that their father is Nikolas.”

Underground in a cavernous room Warrior stood in front of the swinging in a circle monitor with a glare on his face as voices from the red hooded robes “This is our sanctuary, they aren’t welcome here” said in unison. 
He heard the loud voice of the King speak “Appears that Nikolas fathered four children.” 
Warrior spoke “The fourth child according to Eli, is one of us named Yevengina, who is the second child born after Yevgeny the oldest and first born. The other two Malaja and Mykaru are twins born after Yevengina herself.”
The soft voice from the Queen spoke “The results of the tests on Nikolas?”
Warrior spoke “He passed the tests but he’s hurting from effects of the poisoned Scarab we took off him.” 
The Queen from the throne spoke “Eli, show location of Nikolas.” 
The monotone voice of Eli droned “Working. Location found.” 
The monitor flashed showing a stone castle with figures walking in and out of the castle yards.
Warrior spoke “Appears to be the Skyan Drainer location in the forests bordering the city of Atlanta.”
The King ordered “Alert the Beddune about Nikolas’ situation.” 
Warrior turned and gestured with a hand as a four legged furry gonoid came in the room. The gonoid changed form to reveal a Human dressed in gonoid skins with long black hair and brown eyes. 
The Human spoke in a guttural voice “We have an agreement with the Skyans who are called Drainers.” 

Torrin stood in front of the King speaking “Nikolas was howling during the moon cycle, waking up the prisoners. I was forced to set the whipping machine to sound just to shut him up. Appears it worked for I haven’t heard a sound from him yet.”
One of the Annukai came up to Torrin and said in Basic “A Beddune is here saying your name” which Torrin replied “I’ll go look on that.” 
The King made a dismissal gesture with his hand from his chair and Torrin gave a little bow while he left the throne room and reached the hallway outside the double doors to an arched entrance. The Beddune stood behind a row of small hanging eight legged gonoids. An Annukai came jumping from the ceiling as Torrin came up to them. The Beddune had typical of his species a black wrap around long sleeve top and pants wrapping around the feet and legs which was under an ankle length skirt. 
Speaking in Beddune language Torrin asked “what is it?’
The Beddune rubbed his ears with one hand on top of his golden furry hair peeking out and spoke thru a cloth mask covering the face except for the green eyes peering out “I am a messenger, requesting to speak to your King.” 
Torrin spoke to the Annukai in Basic “Tell your gonoids to let him pass. He’s just a messenger requesting to speak to our King.” 
The Annukai leaned down and muttered something to the row of gonoids hanging on threads and they proceeded to climb up the threads letting the Beddune enter the hallway towards the double doors leading to the throne room with Torrin following. Technology on the monitors in the throne room went off as the hidden Annukai appeared with whining sounds. Torrin remembered that the Beddune were capable of turning off any kind of technology in their presence as if they were immune to technology. 
The Beddune went to face the Skyan King and spoke in foreign language which Torrin translated in Rayala the Skyan main language “The deal is off with the unnamed ones if you do not free Hades.”
The Skyan King signed hand language which Torrin said in Beddune Language “May I ask why?”
Torrin repeated the Beddune’s answer “It is no concern of my people the Beddune but the unnamed ones urgently request that you free Hades now.” 
The Annukai Leader came in the room and seeing the Beddune spoke loudly in Basic “What’s going on?”
Torrin translated the Annukai’s words to the Skyan King who signed and Torrin nodded. 
Torrin spoke to the Annukai in Basic “We have an agreement of peace with an unnamed species that the Beddune is representing as their speaker. They are requesting Hades be freed immediately.” 
The Annukai Leader asked “Or what?”
Torrin replied “Then the peace agreement will be broken.” 
The Beddune interrupted speaking again in foreign language. 
Leeland, a Skyan, entered the room with Kayra, a female Skyan, hearing the words said them in Basic to the Annukai as Torrin spoke the words in Rayala “The unnamed ones are not a patient species and they await your answer to this request now.” 
The Skyan King signed his words translated by Torrin and Leeland “If we free Hades where will he go and where should we send him?”
The Beddune replied “They did tell me to take him to a place and told me to tell you that Hades must be freed now or the agreement is off.”

Nikolas stood with head down groaning chained in the cell when he heard a whir like noise and the chains holding him fell off. 
He looked up to see Torrin who snarled “You have powerful friends who insisted on your freedom, Nikolas.”
Nikolas adjusted his vest covering his marked sore back and walked towards Torrin who pressed a button on the monitor next to the metal bars. They slid open and Nikolas walked out of the cell. He silently followed Torrin pass the rows of cells on his right to an opening in the wall on his left that led to a set of stairs going up. Reaching the top of the stairs Torrin opened the door and Nikolas followed him out to the hallway to the thick double doors leading to the throne room. In the throne room stood a Humanoid being dressed in black which he recognized to be a Beddune.  
He stood in front of the Skyan King with his hands clenched to his sides and besides him stood the Beddune who spoke in his foreign language which Nikolas understood his words “The agreement of peace is upheld.”
Torrin and Leeland translated the words which the Beddune added “I will take Hades to the place they requested him to be there.” 
Saying this, the Beddune gestured Nikolas to follow him and he followed the Beddune out of the throne room to a hallway. Behind them Torrin followed growling to himself.  They reached the stone wall that over looked a vast array of trees in the forest beyond them. Torrin stood with arms folded watching the Beddune and Nikolas jump up in the air and flew with legs swinging towards the vast cluster of trees. Growling to himself Torrin walked into the castle to the throne room as the monitors turned on. 

The Annukai Leader spoke breaking the silence “Describe this species, the unnamed ones to me.” 
Torrin heard Leeland translating his words to the Skyan King who signed which Torrin spoke to the Annukai “We do not know very much of them despite their Human like appearance for they are a species capable of defeating a Drainer no matter how powerful, physically in combat.”
The Annukai spoke “Human like appearance? There is only one species I know of that are like Humans but are different and they come in many names.” 

Nikolas followed the Beddune through the forest tree tops weaving in and out while they flew with legs swinging. The Beddune dropped down in a clearing which Nikolas followed recognized to be the same clearing he was there before. He stood and watched as the Beddune walked to a tree and walked up the tree trunk, turned and sat on the tree trunk with back to the tree and legs bent. 
Nikolas asked “What do I do?” 
The Beddune spoke from the tree “Just kneel and stay still no matter what happens.”
Nikolas turned and kneeled. 

The sun went down the horizon and the stars came out as the moon shined. 
Nikolas still kneeling with his eyes closed, opened them when he heard the Beddune speak from the tree above him “Their here.”
Night vision of purple and pink colors took over as he saw the bushes rumbled in front of him. A four legged gonoid with fur and a snout face with a tail in the back, which Nikolas recognized to be one of the gonoids that companioned the blue hooded figure came out and stood up on the back legs. Nikolas refrained himself from gasping as the gonoid’s form changed reverting to reveal a Human with long hair and was dressed in smooth like gonoid skin clothing. Nikolas still kneeling watched as the Human male walked forward walking Human like towards him. The Human kneeled in front of him and two four legged gonoids with fur and a snout face with a tail in the back came out of the bushes to sit on their haunches besides the Human. 
The Human spoke guttural voice “State your request by question.” 
Nikolas understood his words thought of the question “Who are you?” 
He opened his mouth to speak the question when words came speaking out of him “What species am I?”
Nikolas frowned as the Human picked up an object which he recognized to be a leaf from a tree. The Human tore a two small parts of the leaf. 
Then spoke while holding up the large part of the leaf “The large part is Human.” 
Nikolas frowned at the words but then the Human held up one of the small parts of the leaf that was ripped out again spoke “This part is called Highlander.”
The Human raised the third small part of the leaf and spoke “This part is Skyan Drainer.” 
The Human nodded and spoke again “You are mostly human in origin.” 
Nikolas watched as the Human put down the leaf then leaned forward with a hand in front of his face and blew on the hand. Nikolas sneezed feeling something gritty on his face that made him sneeze. His vision became bleary and he became sleepy. Nikolas groaned as his head bowed and he went to sleep.

Daylight the Skyans met in the throne room talking to each other when an Annukai came in the room. 
The talk stopped as the Annukai spoke in Basic “Torrin there’s a Beddune outside saying your name again.”
Torrin heard Leeland translating the Annukai’s words. The Skyans watched as Torrin left the room. They waited silently as Torrin came back in the room alone. 
He spoke in Rayala with Leeland translating his words to the Annukai, “The Beddune says that Hades can return back here. The Beddune request that I go and get Hades alone.” 
Torrin added “He’s at the same place as before.” 
The Skyan King nodded and waved a dismissal sign with his hands. Torrin gave a little bow, turned and left the room. Outside Torrin walked towards the wall bordering the castle and a globe appeared to surround him. Torrin flew the globe in the air and reached the clearing where Hades was kneeling with head down appearing to be asleep. The globe reverted around Torrin, when the bushes around him rumbled as figures and gonoids came out. 
He heard two whining like squeal sounds from behind him and spun around to see two Humans had knives at the throats of two Annukai who growled out the word “Amula.” 
The Annukai had their hands up. 
Torrin spoke guttural language to the Humans “We had an understanding.”
One of them came forwards to Torrin and spoke guttural language while pointing at the Annukai “We, Amula says Drainer, do not make alliances with our enemies, the Annukai.” 
Torrin gasped. 
At the castle Torrin returned in a golden ball. He stood with two Amula in front of the entrance of the castle and waited as the female Annukai climbed up their threads letting them in. Inside the throne room alarms sounded as the double doors were kicked open and Torrin came in with the two Amula. 
Torrin growled out “Annukai.” 
The Skyans gasped hearing the word “Annukai.” 
Four Annukai appeared in a whining squeal sound with guns drawn at the two Amula standing next to Torrin. 
One of the four Annukai spoke in Basic “Amula has no domain here.” 
Torrin heard Leeland translating the Annukai’s words in Rayala spoke in basic “You lied about your species name, Annukai.” 
Torrin spoke to his King in Rayala “The Unnamed ones are called Amula.” 
Torrin stood next to the door with his arms folded as Annukai appeared with guns drawn at a figure that came in the room while their bearded leader spoke “Amula.” 
The figure a female howled some call as two Annukai came in the room naked while each being held by two Amula. The Annukai gasped seeing the differences between the Annukai prisoners which showed one as a female and the other as a male. The Amula female swung her long sword and stuck it in the ground. 
The Annukai leader grimaced hearing a squeaking sound and seeing at the end of the sword was an eight legged gonoid which the Amula spoke in Basic “Don’t make allies with our enemies, Annukai.” 
The Annukai prisoners were thrust forward as another Annukai with gun drawn fired the gun. The Annukai leader stared as he saw the dart land on an eight legged gonoid which jerked in pain. 
Before the leader opened his mouth the Annukai who fired the gun spoke “Screw you. I hate them.” 
Then the Annukai pulled the hair and showed waist length hair. 
The Annukai Leader spoke “You’re a female.”
The waist length haired Annukai spoke “Yes and I say we do what the Amula suggest. Don’t make alliances with their enemies.” 
The Annukai leader groaned.
Jason heard the familiar booing and hissing sounded as before but this time adult voice tones sounded annoying him. He folded his arms and gave Nikolas a glaring stare who noticed his glare spoke loudly over the hissing and booing noises:
Nikolas entered the stadium through the entrance in the middle of the stadium walls. The crowd went silent when they saw him walking towards the dais where a chair sat. In front of the chair were the members of the racial species representatives and island nations' leader stood. 
Nikolas remembered the Amula telling him to go into the stadium and speak the word “Annukai” for all to hear. 
Nikolas walked to the microphone in front of the dais facing the representatives and spoke the word “Annukai.”
He heard the crowd mutter their confusion but the crowd abruptly went silent as he heard a whining like squealing sound as an Annukai with red hair and a beard appeared materializing in front of the racial leaders with a microphone in his hand. Nikolas recognized him to be a leader of an Annukai sect group judging by his beard.
The Annukai spoke taunting tone in Basic the international language “At lasts the great Hades.” 
Nikolas folded his arms and kept his mouth shut as the Annukai continued “You’re wearing a mask hiding your true face, show yourself.”
Nikolas grumbled thinking “I showed up for this?”
The Annukai made a gesture with his head. Hades saw two Annukai materialize behind the Leader with a female Human who they had a knives pointed at her throat, which he recognized to his shock to be Georgina Visser whose eyes radiated anger.  
The Annukai Leader again spoke “Don’t deny it! You were heard screaming this female Human’s name Georgina like she was important to you. You will show you face now.” 
The Leader raised up a hand as one of the Annukai minions pulled out a gun with clawed hands from a pocket in his pants. 
Nikolas felt anger but kept himself calm as he spoke in the microphone “Fine, have it your way.” 
The Leader put his hand down and waited as Nikolas looked around at the Highlanders standing nearby. Lyu Jiang had a frown on his face as Shuen was glaring at the Annukai Leader. Nikolas reached up with one of his hands and pulled his mask down from his face to his chest revealing a Human like face with golden Human like eyes. The crowd gasped as he saw Lyu closed his eyes with an expression on his face like he was stung. The Annukai smiled some smirk and gestured. The two minions standing next to Georgina put their knives down from her throat as one of them gave her a push and pointed to him. Nikolas frowned as Georgina's expression was of recognizing him and proceeded to walk to him. She, he saw reached him who had his arms folded with a neutral expression on his face staring at her who put a hand on one of his hand. Georgina he saw didn't react to her feeling her hand gently squeezed as she held his hand. Nikolas looked at his right to see King Winter staring at them with a glare. Georgina, Nikolas eyed with a frown turned her head to look at her twin brother Ivan came walking towards the two. Nikolas saw the Annukai open his mouth about to speak when King Winter who pointed with two fingers from his left hand to his eyes and then with one finger on the same hand pointed up. The Annukai looked up as the lights to the stadium went out showing the star filled sky with the green moon shining. 
The Annukai leader exclaimed through microphone in Basic “Impossible! The moon appears to be Edenia! The planet we’re on cannot be Humania, too much water!” 
Nikolas spoke with sarcasm in his voice through the microphone in front of him “Welcome to Terrania.” 
Jason heard booing and hissing sounded again groaned loudly to speak "Must you Hayu boo and hiss at the story you hate hearing?"
He eyed Nikolas who kept talking ignoring his question:
At the island prison of Tamkan, Nikolas stood next to Teorjer who spoke “Don’t take your mask off, Nikolas, until I tell you to.” 
Then Teorjer walked away, Nikolas shrugged and went to kneel and closed his eyes as if mediating. 
He woke up to feel a leg kick him in the chest and looked to see Georgina Visser yell “You bastard! You had my father the whole time and didn’t free him!”
She proceeded to punch and kick him still in a kneeling position. 
Nikolas fisted his hands and restrained himself as she screamed out “How dare you, you bastard use my father as food!”
He restrained himself as Georgina proceeded to punch and kick him repeatedly on the chest. Nikolas could see their children with Natalia came walking towards the two. 
They were intercepted by Teorjer who held out a hand speaking to them saying “Don’t. Let your mother release her anger.” 
Yevgeny spoke “Father.” 
As they heard a whining squeal sound and looked to see an Annukai with black hair, appear with a glare on his face and he proceeded to run away. Yevgeny and others watched as the Annukai climbed the wall with his hands and feet. Reaching the top the Annukai climbed over and spoke to a black haired bearded Annukai standing there who scowled. Teorjer looked at Nikolas who was watching Georgina attack him. 
Then Georgina’s kicks and punches went slower and slower as tears fell from her eyes and she asked “Why?”
She fell in kneeling in front of Nikolas with tears running from her eyes with her hands on her face. 
Nikolas spoke calmly “I am yours and you are mine for you will bear my sons and daughters.”
Georgina looked up from her hands with shock on her face. 
She asked again “Why?”
As she got up and grabbed Nikolas in a hug holding him in her grip still crying away, as Nikolas leaned his head against her as she cried.

Nikolas sat on the lower bed of the bunk bed with Georgina asleep on his lap. He leaned on the wall while sitting on the bed while Georgina slept cuddled on his lap in his arms. Nikolas stroked her head as she slept with her head leaning against his chin of his masked face. He sighed and looked to see out the bars of the cell standing glaring were three Annukai all with black hair. One of them he saw had a beard was the Leader of the group. 
He heard Teorjer from the other bunk in the cell who was sitting on the lower bunk speak “Hurt her, his mate and his children, she bore, then he will have nothing to lose by hunting you down.”
The Annukai Leader snarled some sound and then stomped away with the other Annukai behind him. Abruptly Teorjer got up and left the cell and faced King Winter who was standing in front of three Annukai. 
Teorjer spoke to the Annukai “King Winter communicates his thoughts by having a hand on the neck of a person who will speak those thoughts. I volunteer to be that person due to the spines on your neck.” 
The Annukai Leader spoke “Do it.” 
King Winter put his hand on Teorjer’s neck who spoke in Hammarabbi “The reason why I would not free the cauldron is that the people have kept the Humans alive something that isn’t looked kindly by the High Council.”
 The Annukai Leader growled some sound of displeasure-
Boos and hisses sounded again making Jason groan loudly as the Hayu speaker clamped his mouth shut from interrupting Nikolas to gave the male a glare. Nikolas spoke ignoring the booing and hissing "Nikolas sat in the flying machine called a Helicopter with Georgina strapped in sitting across from him. The helicopter flew over the ocean. He looked out the window to see a round thick object came from the ocean flying in the air aimed at the helicopter. Nikolas grabbed Georgina who slumped over. The helicopter exploded in a ball of fire as he found himself in Merra while holding a seemingly lifeless Georgina in his arms. He closed his eyes and opened them as he yanked the mask off his face which settled on his chest. 
He spoke “If I cannot be with you in life, then death it will be.” 
Nikolas felt a prick of pain on his left arm and something an object was placed over his face covering his mouth and nose while blowing air which made him sleepy and muffled a roar as Georgina was suddenly snatched from his arms and he fell unconscious-"
Nikolas was interrupted by another Hayu speaking as booing and hissing sounded again "Tikcanni stood watching Nikolas who was held in a near sitting position by the bed with his head thrown back and eyes closed with an Oxygen mask on his face covering his open fanged mouth and nose. Merra, Tikcanni mused to himself brought Hades and Georgina to the Hospital emergency room where Hades spoke his words before they knocked him out. Nearby Tikcanni could see was Georgina lying on a bed wrapped in a cocoon of blankets. There was a tube attached to her bare right arm with dark red blood liquid coming out leading to a boxy machine that had rotating parts. Tikcanni could see the machine a blood essence cleaner was humming away next to Georgina’s bed as it took out the poison in her system. Tikcanni heard the door open as the medical doctor Robb Marin came in the room. 
He spoke “Doctor, see if you can move Georgina to Hades’ bed. He is giving off anger which is interfering with his healing.” 
Robb nodded.  Georgina was placed on Nikolas’ left side lying on her right side. Tikcanni took off one of his gloves on his left hand and touched Nikolas’ forehead. He sigh a sound then place Nikolas’ hand on Georgina’s hand which was lying on his chest. Tikcanni watched as he saw Nikolas’ right hand close over Georgina’s hand and felt the anger coming from him simmer.-"
Another Hayu spoke interrupting "Isis came in the room seeing the doctor who was still there spoke “Can you do what you’re doing to her for him?”
Robb spoke “Never has been done on a Drainer like Human.” 
Isis spoke “The Human is my son.” 
Robb gaped as Tikcanni gave a nod and then Robb went to the console next to the door and spoke “Send another blood cleaner machine to this room right away."
Nikolas laid there as Isis rubbed a hand on her son’s forehead. She sigh a sound watching as medics came with the boxy machine and hooked Nikolas up. She watched as dark blood came out of her son through a needle in his right arm in a tube leading towards the blood cleaner machine. There was a small closed bucket next to the machine which dripped black liquid which Isis assumed was poison. 
She watched her son lay there healing and mentally spoke to him in her mind “Don’t worry about your children they will take care of them-'" 
A Hayu interrupted speaking "At the island prison Yevgeny with his brother Mykaru, sister Malaja and Natalia watched in horror as the helicopter carrying their mother and Nikolas exploded into a fireball over the ocean. Yevgeny frowned hearing a whining like squeal behind him turned to look as the twins with Natalia did the same. Four Annukai stood with guns drawn aimed at the four Humans. They heard a high pitched roar and the Annukai abruptly bent down in pain falling towards the ground. The two Amula who were snoozing in their gonoid forms got up into Human forms with swords drawn. Yevgeny looked with shock to see King Winter bent down in pain roaring as the Annukai leader stood above on the prison walls watching with a frown on his lips. They saw Teorjer and Mayria came running up to King Winter who was bent down in distress still roaring away. Yevgeny groaned then walked towards the trio leaving the Amula examining the Annukai. Conversations in the cafeteria among Humans went silent as Warrior entered the room holding a small shiny case box by a handle Yevgeny saw via the open doors. He saw Warrior left the cafeteria towards the yard outside to see Mayria and Teorjer holding King Winter bent down in pain. Warrior Yevgeny saw reached the group and handed him the case he thrust gripping it in a fast move. He kept his eyes onto Warrior who opened the case and pulled out an object. Yevgeny noticed the Annukai leader was above on the roof of the prison watching them with arms folded. The Annukai he saw kept on scowling some more as Warrior put the round rubbery like object on King Winter’s forehead and pressed it several times with a suction sound. Then Warrior took the round object off the forehead and put it away in the suitcase Yevgeny held for him. Yevgeny watched as Warrior took a knife from the suitcase used it to cut something out of King Winter’s forehead and held it up for the Annukai above to see. Yevgeny saw as the Annukai Leader threw his hands up and started waving his arms in anger. 
Warrior spoke “The poison Scarab.” 
He eyed Warrior threw the round shiny jewel object at the prison walls, it shattered on impact. 
Teorjer spoke “King Winter, must feed but he feeds like a Drainer.” 
Yevgeny handed Mykaru the case and stepped forward as King Winter opened his eyes showing a red hungry gaze. Teorjer he didn't flinch guided King Winter’s left hand on his chest which made his neck swell and the Cold Lord opened his mouth showing fanged teeth as he was guided forward towards his neck. Yevgeny didn’t groan as he felt the Cold Lord bite him and suck the blood essence flowing through him."
Booing and hissing sounded again as Jason felt Brianna thump a fist onto his arm making him grimace. He eyed Brianna who gave him her familiar glare he recognizing her look for him to say something. He kept his mouth shut and shook his head in a Human no gesture towards her. Only to get another fist thumping onto his arm much harder this time making him grimace again. 
The Hayu talking about Yevgeny kept on speaking "Yevgeny stood next to the bed watching his mother sleep scratching his neck absent mildly. Nearby was his father with his Hades mask on sitting in a wheelchair with head down asleep next to the bed.
He mused to himself thinking “Merra.”
Merra had brought the group to the hospital where King Winter was hooked onto the blood essence cleaner machine. Yevgeny recalled seeing King Winter before going unconscious had taken the crown off his head and placed it on Nikolas’ head which the crown sank into Nikolas’ head. Nikolas at that moment groggily woke up to pull his oxygen mask off and coughed up blood. 
Robb the doctor, Yevgeny remembered came in and exclaimed “Prepare Hades for surgery now!”
The doctors came and Nikolas put his mask back on as Robb put the oxygen mask on him. 
Some time later, Nikolas came back in the wheelchair pushed by Robb who spoke to Yevgeny “Your father will be alright. We caught the stomach problem which was making him bleed internally. This commonly happens among Drainers which can be fixed by surgery.”
Yevgeny looked to see in another wheelchair hooked up to an essence cleaner machine was his mother’s brother Ivan. With a sigh he heard a step in the room to see Isis came walking into the room. She he saw was frowning with her golden eyes while staring at Georgina, his mother.  Yevgeny nodded and left the room to a bench to sit and he soon fell asleep. Yevgeny dreamed. In his dream, he was in a dark hallway of the hospital and the door to the room where his parents were kept was closed. Reaching the door, Yevgeny opened it to find himself outside facing a small cauldron in the middle of a pond. He was on a wooden stone like walkway. Standing on his left was a Shadonian and on his right were three Annukai. 
The Shadonian spoke “Cauldron.” 
Yevgeny looked down to see a human laying on the walkway with a bloody leg next to him. The human’s right leg was bloody and shattered with a round object sticking through it. The human didn’t move and seemed dead.
One of the Annukai spoke “What’s the meaning of this Cauldron?”
Yevgeny kept his mouth shut as he saw a gonoid stick its reptile looking head out of the water and open its mouth.  A round projectile shot out of the mouth which the Shadonian used his long walking stick object to block the projectile. 
The Shadonian spoke “Tell them what’s the meaning of the Cauldron. I save your life from them.”
Yevgeny groaned as he turned around to see his father. His father stood at the edge of the walkway that leads towards the middle of the pond. He frowned seeing his father thrust himself at the barrier at the entrance to the walkway with frustration. The barrier was blocking his way towards helping him solve a ritual. 
Nikolas stood and spoke Yevgeny heard “Will someone help save my son?”
Behind him Ivan stood with arms folded with a blank look on his face"
 
The Hayu was interrupted by another Hayu who spoke "Ivan asleep in the wheelchair came to feel a hand on his left side and looked with a gasp. His father Yevgeny Visser stood glowing staring at him dressed in black with his grey hair pulled back. 
Yevgeny Visser spoke “Don’t let anger control you like it controlled me, Ivan.”
Ivan shrugged the hand off his shoulder with a glare. 
Yevgeny Visser spoke again “Remember.” 
Ivan put his hand to his head as a memory came to his mind. It showed a person’s point of view of the camp he was in when he was younger. In the point of view, the person left a tent holding a gun like object in hands that seemed feminine. The person walked towards a set of trees where Ivan saw a younger version of himself tied to a tree and unconscious. The person put the gun object to his left ear and pressed it. Ivan saw with shock as the hand removed the gun object to show an earring sticking in his left ear. 
He heard the words “I love you, Ivy. Forgive me.” 
The voice he recognized belonged to Georgina. 
Ivan shook his head of the memory and stared at his father who spoke “She forgave you and so have I.”
Ivan stared at his father who spoke again “Go help him. You’re the only one who can.” 
Ivan blinked his eyes and his father had faded away. He stared at Hades thrusting himself at the barrier and started walking towards him. He placed a hand on Nikolas's shoulder who felt the hand on his right shoulder and twisted to stare at him. Ivan let go and walked through the barrier his form disappearing from his sight."

The Hayu was interrupted by another Hayu making Jason groan loudly. 
The Hayu ignored the groaning of Jason's noises kept talking "Yevgeny stood staring at the cauldron and felt hands on his arms. The hands slowly raised his arms up and then the hands went to his shoulders and twisted Yevgeny slowly to face the Annukai with his back to the Shadonian. Yevgeny frowned as the hands pulled him towards the barrier where Nikolas was banging against. He felt himself led through the barrier as Nikolas grabbed him in a hug holding him tightly. Yevgeny felt himself much better from the hug as he eyed the hands' owner to belong to Ivan who nodded his head. 
He spoke towards Ivan as if compelled "You will live on but it won't be here in Terrania, I'm sorry."
He stiffened from his words as Ivan formed a frown on his face followed by his father's hand forcing his eyes shut."

A female Hayu spoke as the male paused "Isis looked at Ivan who was sitting in a chair appearing to be sleeping. She scanned his mind reaching a hallway with doors on both sides. Some of the doors were open and some were closed. She walked towards the end of the hallway and reached a door. Isis threw herself on the door and found that she couldn’t budge it. With a sigh she turned towards another door on her side and then out of the corner of her eyes a figure came barreling down the hallway and smashed the door. 
She heard a voice say “Don’t scan unless it is for defense.” 
Then Isis withdrew from Ivan’s mind. She frowned as she heard someone leaving the room and didn’t see who. "

A male Hayu spoke "The Annukai Leader stood staring at a sleeping Yevgeny with a glare on his face. 
Robb came out of the room where Hades was and seeing the Annukai he spoke “I assure you this Human isn’t fully grown.”
The Annukai snarled some sound of anger. He noticed Georgina Visser came walking out of the room with a frown on her face. She he saw huddled the blankets closer to herself while wearing the blue hospital gown. The Annukai abruptly pulled out his dart gun and fired it at Georgina. A black figure appeared falling in front of Georgina. The Annukai was about to fire again when another black figure appeared to be standing in front of him. The figure to the Annukai’s shock was tall as Hades and was dressed in black with a Hades like mask. The figure had on black wrap around pants that wrapped the ankles and legs with a skirt over it. The figure had on black sleeves and a faded breast plate over the chest and on the face was a mask like Hades completed with golden eyes. The Annukai stared with a frown as the Hades figure’s arms faded in, out then the figure took the Annukai’s gun and put it away in the gun holster on the Annukai’s side. Then the figure to the Annukai’s disgust disappeared in the air."
"Isis sensing the commotion came out of the room. The door behind her abruptly slammed shut. She frowned and stood next to the door waiting." 
"Inside the room the lights to the bathroom flashed as a Surrai, Yolly came through the doorway. He stood watching Hades sleeping in the chair and saw a figure appear to be standing next to himself. The figure was dressed in black with a Hades mask which Yolly growled some sound as the figure held up a pair of hands that faded in and out. Yolly gave a snarl and left the room through the bathroom door. The gate flashed open as Yolly came through to face a snarling Kurpanov. 
Kurpanov demanded “Well?”
Yugadin and Nemovsky grabbed Yolly by the arms that automatically went to kneel. Trevor growled as Kurpanov placed his hands on Yolly’s head who groaned then Kurpanov punched him. 
Kurpanov spoke “People dressed like No Face, the Haydea, interesting.'"
"Kurpanov walked towards where Kazak’s stalk was fluttering in the wind. The Surrai watched as Kurpanov threw his hands into the earth and pulled out Kazak who groaned. Kurpanov placed his hands on Kazak’s head then abruptly snarled out “Haydea made him drink blood from No Face’s arm.” 
Kurpanov stood up and glimpsed Trevor was carrying Kazak towards the gate. Kurpanov ran and blocked his way speaking “Where do you think you’re going with him? Not to the gate for he’ll kill himself.” 
Trevor to Kurpanov's disgust dropped Kazak while speaking “Your too dependant on Kazak.” 
Kurpanov spoke “He bares my face.”
Trevor snarled “Yeah right.” 
Kurpanov grabbed Kazak as Trevor roared out the Surrai challenge roar. 
Kurpanov dropped Kazak and snarled out “It’s three against one, Trevor.'"
"Trevor noticed Nemovsky and Yugadin grabbed Kazak hauling him up to a standing position. 
Trevor spoke “The challenge is just you and me if you’re too scared.”
Kurpanov snarled “I accept your challenge.” 
The two attacked each other with fisted claws flying. 
Trevor noticed during the fight Nemovsky and Yugadin hauled Kazak towards the gate and threw him in despite Kurpanov’s roar of “No!”
Trevor grabbed Kurpanov who screamed out “No, Kazak will kill himself through the gate!”
Trevor forced a screaming Kurpanov into a kneeling position while gripping his arms from behind him. "
Hayu Nikolas spoke "In the hospital room Nikolas woke up feeling healed from the poison and in pain. 
He heard a voice speak pleading tones “Master.” 
Looking to see the source he saw a Surrai with Kurpanov’s face kneeling in front of him from his position in the wheel chair. 
The Surrai he recognized to be Kazak spoke again “Master.” 
Nikolas held up his right manacled arm and spoke “Take.” 
He watched as Kazak took his manacled arm and took off the manacle with his hands. Then Kazak bit into Nikolas’ free manacled arm sucking the blood from within. Nikolas groaned as he felt the blood flow from him towards Kazak. He saw as Kazak licked his arm and then pulled a piece of cloth from himself and tied the bite marks with the cloth on Nikolas’ arm. Kazak pulled the manacle back onto Nikolas’ arm and then stood up and gave a bow. Nikolas fell asleep."

"The gate flashed as Kazak came in with a glare on his face.
Kurpanov came running towards him saying “Kazak, you’re alright.” 
Kazak fisted his hand and punched Kurpanov on the face who stared at him with shock. Then Kazak raised his foot and kicked Kurpanov in the stomach that bent down with a snarl speaking “You wouldn’t, Kazak.” 
Kazak spoke “I busted a female belonging to No Face.” 
At that moment a figure appeared to be standing in front of Kazak. 
Kazak saw Kurpanov's eyes widen seeing the figure a Haydea yelled “Traitor!”
The figure with the Hades mask abruptly yanked off the mask the person was wearing. Kurpanov and the others eyes widen in shock to see the figure’s face was of a male with facial looks and golden eyes identical to the Surrai and the figure had blonde hair pulled back in a tail." 

"Nikolas sat in the wheelchair with a frown and felt took his sore manacled arm and brought it to his face. With a sigh he felt an image of him another point of view, showing Nikolas as Hades cradling an apparent lifeless Georgina with bruises on her skin in his arms. The image showed the duo in a room surrounded by metal which Nikolas recognized to be the metal hut which he was kept prisoner. The image changed view to show a Highlander which Nikolas recognized to be Emperor Shintaro Tanaka of Shonsurra standing behind the two with his hands out. 
Nikolas lip read him speaking rhythmically “Kiss her, link yourself to her and she’ll live as yours forever.” 
Then the image showed Nikolas himself yanking off the mask and raising Georgina up towards his face. Nikolas watched as some electrical spark emanated from him as the imaged memory showed him kissing Georgina on the lips. Nikolas remembered when he was kissing Georgina, he felt something like the wind blowing and then a jolt as his lips touched her lips. 
Nikolas thought “I was manipulated into doing this.'" 

"Isis heard a familiar voice speaking coming from a Human male dressed in white with long white hair came walking around the corner escorted by a Human female with sun colored bushy hair. 
“Jason” she thought staring at the Human male in white who turned and looked at her with confusion in his face with recognition in his eyes. Isis looked to see Georgina gripping her head in pain while sitting next to Yevgeny, her son. Isis sensed a powerful mind scanning Georgina’s head and then the mind withdrew."
Jason spoke loudly "I'm not that Jason this Isis is thinking of actually. You Hayu better not forget it period."
A Hayu spoke in response "Georgina felt Yevgeny put a hand on his mother’s shoulder that yanked the hand off as he confusingly spoke “Ma?” 
Georgina got up snarling out “Merra controlled Palin to bring Hades a Human male for him to feed on.”" 
Jason heard the familiar booing and hissing sounds again. He again got Brianna's human hand fist onto his shoulder which he jabbed a black covered finger aimed at Brianna and waved it. 
He got her glaring at Nikolas in response who noticed her glare spoke "Nikolas at that moment woke up to hear the door open from behind him. Georgina he glimpsed was outside the room stomped towards the open door. The Highlander calling herself Isis was seen putting a hand on her shoulder squeezing it. 
Nikolas grimaced hearing Georgina speak in a rude tone after she grabbed Isis’ bare hand growling out “Get your hand off of me.”
Isis spoke he heard “You won’t abandon my son.”
He heard Georgina spoke sounding of the rude tone “To the depths with your son, I have words for him.”
She he saw making him grimace shrugged off the hand and stormed inside the room to face him who stood up from the wheelchair to turn facing her.
Georgina he eyed with a grimace despite the mask covering his face still using the rude tone spat out accusingly “Merra controlled Palin to bring you a Human male for you to feed on.” 
Nikolas spoke from memory what she was talking “He could have escaped the flying machine if he wasn’t too blind with anger.” 
Georgina he continued to grimace snarled some nonsense sound and turned her back on him while saying “Bastard.” 
Nikolas ordered “Don’t turn your back to me, Georgina.” 
Georgina he glared at shrugged and walked towards the door to the room but was blocked by him using his super speed to stand in front of her. 
He said again echoing his words “Don’t turn your back to me, Georgina.”
Georgina, Nikolas glared, glared at him and proceeded to walk around him. He grabbed her around her middle pinning her arms. 
He heard Teorjer yell from outside the room “Don’t take your mask off for anything until I tell you to, Nikolas!” 
Nikolas hauled an angry struggling Georgina towards the door to the large sized bathroom. He kicked open the door and carried her inside while kicking close the door behind them. He grimaced from Georgina growling out nonsense sounds while punching him. 
Nikolas stripped her of her hospital gown with his left hand while the right hand was still holding Georgina by the neck as he heard her yell “You bastard!”
Nikolas growled still holding Georgina who pummeled her fists on his arm holding her neck. He hauled her towards the large white boxy room that had three shower heads on three sides of the room. There was a console at one end which he pressed the switches turning the water on to Georgina’s tolerable level of heat. Georgina he saw spat at him as water sprayed over her naked form making him itching to mate. With a growl Nikolas released himself from the fly of his pants and proceeded to guide himself inside her as she struggled pummeling him with her fists. He moved himself up and down as she struggled against him holding her neck with the water spraying over her. He stared at Georgina’s angry face glaring at his masked face, while gripping her neck as he held her tight close to him with his other arm. He could sense Georgina relaxing as she laid her head against his shoulder and she moaned out from the mating of sexual haze. With a smirk on his hidden face Nikolas lowered them both down to the floor of the shower stall with the water still pulsating over them. He stretched down lying on the floor with her on top of him while still moving in and out of her. His hands were on her bare hips as she responded by flexing her hips matching his rhythm and pawing at his covered chest. Nikolas responded by breaking apart his breast plate vest which unlatched from being together revealing a strong muscular chest with abs and a tight abdomen area. He smiled to himself sensing Georgina rubbing her hands over his chest as he lay looking at her naked form over him. With a roar from Nikolas and a moan from Georgina, he spilled himself inside her. Georgina sighed and laid herself onto his bare chest. He could sense her relaxing with the sighing sounds she made laying her head on him. He reached with a hand over to stroke her wet brown hair that was loose around her face. 
Georgina spoke he hearing her breaking the silence looking at his masked face “I’m still angry at you, Nikolas.” 
She he heard continued speaking while hearing himself growl rumbling from his chest as he looked at her “Thank you for the moment but I’m tied.” 
Nikolas sigh and he wrapped his arms around her, rubbing her back with his arms while feeling her relax to shut his eyes. Nikolas woke up to adjusted himself as he felt Georgina move to his side. He had a dream and in the dream he was in front of a stadium entrance. Kurpanov stood just beyond the entrance. Nikolas was escorted by a Human man he assumed was blind because of his all white eyes. 
The blind man had a hand on his left arm and had a hand on Nikolas’ chest as he spoke “He needs to see your face, Nikolas.” 
Then Nikolas woke up to hear a choking sound and found the showers were turned off. He looked at Georgina at his side that was looking at him with panic in her face. 
He saw a piece of rope was around her neck and looked while hearing a voice that was hypnotic speaks “Take off your mask.” 
The voice spoke soothingly like a command. Nikolas saw through the fuzzy haze that the rope around her neck was attached to a figure in black standing at the edge of the shower stall. 
The voice spoke again “Take off your mask Nikolas; he needs to see your face.” 
Nikolas let anger take over and changed his form to King Winter with a roar. Then he froze the figure in ice as he took off the rope around Georgina’s neck. She slumped forward with something sticking in her back over the heart area. It appeared to be a knife handle to Nikolas's shock.  Nikolas in the King Winter form snarled some sound as he touched the thing sticking in her back and pulled. A small end came out like a needle which he threw behind him. Grabbing Georgina, Nikolas with a snarl hauled her in his arms towards the figure in ice. With a snarl he aimed his staff towards the figure and hesitated for something was bothering him. He stood watching the figure and shrugged into his Hades form. Nikolas stood holding Georgina and then he kneeled and holding Georgina in his arms while he yanked the mask off his face pushing it to settle on his chest while facing the figure in melting ice. He closed his eyes and in the dream he was back in the stadium entrance with his mask on. 
The blind man was again speaking “Take your mask off Nikolas; he needs to see your face.”
Nikolas in the dream snarled “Get your hand off my chest now!”
The blind man moved his hand to settle on Nikolas’ left arm. Nikolas gave the mask a yank and the mask settled on his chest while staring at the blind man with a golden Human eyed glare.  
The blind man spoke “Just as I thought, you look like him.” 
Nikolas realized that the blind man wasn’t as blind as he stared at the Human man with a glare. With super speed Nikolas grabbed the blind man’s hand and twisted the thumb as the man went to kneel gasping in pain. 
Nikolas snarled out asking “Who are you?”
The blind man spoke groaning in pain avoiding the question “Oh just as ruthless like his father.” 
Nikolas echoed questioningly “Oh just as ruthless like his father?”
The blind man spoke “Then you don’t know do you?”
Nikolas stared at the blind man with a confused look on his face. 
The blind man spoke “I knew your father for Osiris is his kingdom name.” 
Nikolas let go of the blind man staring at him with shock. 
The blind man spoke again “Osiris’ original name was Lun Yan Sanver, for it means, 'He is the one', which you had while growing up.”
Nikolas stared with a frown at the blind man who stood up and laid a hand on his shoulder. 
The blind man continued “Anaba is my mother’s name for she is the one who helped your mother Isis give birth to you, Horus, Son of Osiris.”
Nikolas folded his arms as he stared at the blind man who continued speaking “Tala is the one who carried you as a baby in a basket towards the Chasms of Storms on Planet Humania where you were born.” 
The blind man cocked his head as Nikolas stared at him who he sensed was staring back at him. 
Then the blind man spoke “I see you’re not sure on whether to believe what I’m telling you.”
The blind man frowned and slowly laid a hand on his forehead then lowered to cover his eyes. Nikolas jerked feeling images coming in his mind’s eyes. Then he abruptly found himself back in the shower stall still kneeling while holding Georgina who opened her eyes. She was felt to grab his bare face with both hands and kissed him on the lips. He barely felt the kiss. 
“Nikolas” She excitedly said he heard “You remember do you?”
Nikolas stared at her with a confused look on his face. Georgina he saw could see that he was still processing the images in his mind’s eye by the look of confusion he staring at her. He stared in space with a groan as Georgina wrapped her arms around his shoulders and put her head next to his face. 
Nikolas heard her sighed some sound then she let go of him and spoke “I’ll get the door.”
He dimly saw her form as she got up grabbing her hospital gown. Nikolas barely saw her put it on while processing the images in his mind’s eye.  
He kneeled staring at the wall as he heard the door open to hear Teorjer’s voice speak “He didn’t kill them did he?’
He also heard a female voice sounding familiar speak “What happened?”
Nikolas barely heard Georgina reply “No, but Nikolas remembers who he is now.” 
Teorjer he saw came in his line of eye sight a blurry form in white which came closer to stand in front of him along with a familiar figure in blurry white and red stripes standing in front of him.
Nikolas barely felt Teorjer put a hand on his right shoulder while speaking loudly “I was created in Osiris’ memory to help teach his son what he needs to know.” 
Nikolas heard a gasp and frowned closing his eyes for the voice was familiar. He felt pressure on his left shoulder as a hand was placed there. Opening his eyes, Nikolas stared at the hand’s owner on his left shoulder for it belonged to a female Highlander with usual golden eyes like his and long silky black hair pulled back in a tail. He could see that there was something familiar with her as an image came to his mind’s eye. The image showed a figure in grey robes holding a baby wrapped in a grey blanket, himself Nikolas assumed. The figure was covered up all in grey with the face covered and with the hands shown as black gloves. The hooded figure laid the baby down in an opened box on the floor with written images on it and then closed the round box cover over it. Nikolas saw that the figure was in large boxy grey hallway like large room and there was a circular opening at one end which the figure pushed the box through the opening. The box disappeared in a flash of lightening. Nikolas shook his head of the images and stared at the female Highlander with golden eyes. They reminded Nikolas of his own eyes. 
The female Highlander whispered “Horus?”
Nikolas stared at the female Highlander with a confused look on his face. 
He heard Teorjer speak “Look at her, Nikolas, for she is your mother Isis.” 
Nikolas blinked his eyes as he stared at her. 
Isis spoke “Nikolas.” 
Nikolas didn’t know why but he leaned forward and felt his face on her body holding her in a grip as she held his head. 
He could feel moisture falling from his eyes as she spoke “Horus.” 
With a groan Nikolas let go and stood up, he towered over his mother as Teorjer spoke “Nikolas, put the Hades mask on.” 
Nikolas obeyed and he sighed feeling the Hades mask cover his face. 
Teorjer spoke again “Go, I have words for your mother.” 
Nikolas left the room to face Georgina sitting on the bed with his children around her. Mayria was seen sitting in a chair next to Ivan who was still asleep with an oxygen mask on his face.
The door to the hospital room opened as a female figure Nikolas saw was of a Highlander came walking in the room speaking “Ma, what’s going on?”
Georgina spoke to the female figure as he stared through the Hades mask “Yevengina, this is your father, Nikolas as Hades.”
He could see that the female had Georgina’s face and like Yevgeny had sun colored hair but she had pointed ears of a Highlander. The Highlander he saw stared at him with a curious look on her face. 
She spoke “Hello Father.” 
Nikolas responded “Hello Yevengina.” 
He heard the door to the bathroom open and knew that Teorjer with his mother came out into the room. Silently Nikolas stood watching his daughter take a look at him with a frown on her face. 
She he saw went to Georgina who was sitting on the bed and pulled off a backpack while speaking “I have clothes for you, Ma.”
Nikolas watched as Georgina spoke “Girls, with me in the bathroom please.” 
He folded his arms as his two daughters with their mother went by him and entered the bathroom closing the door with a soft slam. Sighing Nikolas stood and folded his arms while looking around the room. He sensed Teorjer and his mother leave the hospital room. He noticed Mykaru and Yevgeny stood talking in whispered tones each glancing at him from their conversation. With a sigh Nikolas leaned against the wall with his arms folded frowning. He heard a step in the room to see Robb, the Medic doctor, who came in with an O on his lips when he saw Nikolas. 
Robb spoke “Oh confirm are you an essence drinker?”
Nikolas replied from leaning sideways against the wall “Yes.”
Robb stood and added “Figures, from the operation you had and the way you easily healed.” 
Nikolas groaning out of hunger pains said “Yes I’ll need to feed.”
Robb frowned and spoke “I’ll see you and Ivan get something to drink on.” 
Noticing Ivan asleep he frowned as Robb formed a big frown on his face and the medic added “This is ridiculous for him to be asleep that long.” 
Nikolas spoke “I don’t know, maybe he hasn’t had a good sleep and is more tired than he thought.”
He noticed Mayria looking at him with confused expression on her face. She he saw looked at Ivan who was still slumbering away. Robb he heard exhaled some air and went to take the oxygen mask off of Ivan’s face. He saw the oxygen mask's removal was met with no resistance from Mayria who picked up one of Ivan’s hands with her hand. Robb he saw placed the oxygen mask on the essence cleaner machine and took out the tube attached to Ivan’s arm. Nikolas watched as Ivan woke with a confused expression on his face. He leaned against the wall as Mayria stood up and calmed an irritated Ivan who was looking around angrily as Robb left the room. He felt impatience to feed waiting impatiently as Robb came back which he took one and drank drinking the whole contents after a sniff and a taste of the cup’s contents.
The door to the bathroom opened and Georgina was heard speaking “Nikolas? Can you come in here for a bit?”
Nikolas looked to see Yevengina and Malaja speed walking out of the bathroom with panic on their faces. Sighing Nikolas put down the empty cup on a dresser next to the bathroom and went inside the bathroom with the door closing behind him. He looked with shock to see Kazak kneeling on the floor with head down. 
Georgina asked “Nikolas, what’s going on for why does he seems familiar?” 
Nikolas answered “He wants your respect for a wrong committed against you.”
Georgina he saw stared at Kazak with a frown and said “I don’t remember.” 
Nikolas asked her “Do you remember the metal hut when I came out as Hades and you walked inside and met him?”
Georgina frowned he saw and replied “I think I don’t.” 
She trailed off and he saw her stared at Kazak. 
Nikolas watched as anger arrived on her face and yelled “Jora, you remember!”
Kazak he noticed abruptly got up and ran through the shower arch disappearing in a flash of light. "

"Kazak went through the gate to face Kurpanov and the other Surrai. 
Kurpanov snarled “It’s about time you arrived.” 
Kazak eyed the Haydea which Kurpanov noticed standing talking to the Humans spoke “No Face called his female Jora.” 
At the name of Jora, the Haydea swung his head and glared at Kazak he saw, while vibrating anger and slammed on his helmet mask on his head. Kurpanov, Kazak heard growled some nonsense sound and stomped towards the Humans who were standing near the large eater surrounded by logs. The Humans he saw who were sitting stood up. One of the Humans held a child in her arms which the child cried some call. 
Kurpanov, Kazak saw reaching the Humans spoke to them “What’s with our visitor, mean to this Jora?”
The Haydea made Kazak grimace who was seen abruptly folded his arms and faded in and out while still vibrating of anger. Kazak watched as one of the Humans spoke to the Haydea in a foreign language. 
The Haydea responded angrily in the foreign language which was translated by one of the Humans speaking “Says the female you refer as Jora is very important to us and we Haydea guard her with our lives. She is prophesied to become the Mistress mate of the Sun Lord. '" 
Boos and hisses sounded again as Brianna was again felt thumping a fist onto his arm. Jason groaned softly from Brianna's fist thumping onto his arm. He gave her a glare in response and again waggled a finger in her face. 
Brianna he saw shifted to glare at Nikolas who noticing her glare spoke "The door to the bathroom opened and four heads peered into the room Nikolas saw as he was tightly holding an angry Georgina. 
Nikolas spoke while noticing his children peering in the room “Anger controlled her father.”
Robb he heard loudly came in the room speaking “Since you all look fine, I’m afraid I’m going to have to kick you out. We need the room for other medical patients.”"
Nikolas was interrupted by a Hayu female "Natalia Borsova came in the room and Mykaru went to her as if drawn to see them both join hands in some move before hugging each other. 
Yevgeny was heard groaning "Drat I thought she was mine by the image of her in my mind."
Natalia spoke breaking off the hug to her regret “The Shadonia has agreed to let us stay at their headquarters, just to amuse some race called Hybrids who are Human too.”"
Jason again felt Brianna's fist onto his arm exploded "Brianna must you fist my arm repeatedly?! Quit doing that! It's annoying me!"
He glared at Brianna who spoke halting the Hayu's talk "Hybrids? Sounds like Eric a former mate of mine that was part of a gonoid species in a Human form. I do remember living in some water ship the Shadonia used as their headquarters before they decided to leave-"
Boos and hisses from the Hayu all around them sounded loudly as Jason spoke "Now you got the Hayu upset this time, Brianna. Cut trying to get me to quit telling the story. Its amusing so let them talk now."

Part five: High Council
Jason glared at Nikolas who spoke "Nikolas in the bedroom of the Shadonian headquarters with Georgina both was lying on the bed as they tried to get some sleep. He could sense Georgina grumble and sighed some sound. He heard pounding on the door and got up with Georgina towards the door. 
Opening he looked to see Mayria and spoke “What’s wrong?”
She was waving her hands frantically and gestured to towards the hallway. Nikolas looked to see Ivan sitting on the floor looking sick and went to Ivan as Georgina followed him out of the quarters. He heard whining squeals behind him and turned too late to see two sun colored haired Annukai with guns aimed at Georgina’s head. 
One of the Annukai spoke “Horus, Son of Osiris.” 
Nikolas growled out “What do you want Annukai?”
The Annukai speaker spoke “Cuff him.”
Nikolas sensed the air movements and felt his arms grabbed and pulled behind him as metal was put on his wrists and a device was tied to his left arm. The two Annukai let go of Georgina as Nikolas heard whining squeals as the Annukai disappeared from eyes sight. Growling he was led towards the open doorway of the quarters and walked through then he blinked his eyes. Nikolas discovered that he was in a large field under a dark sky with rocks. He saw humanoid creatures with long reed claws jutting from their arms with bumpy skin. Frowning he heard two whining squeals to see appearing on each side of him were two humanoids with feathered gonoid heads with long stick staffs in their free hands. They each had clawed hands and the humanoids proceeded to grip his arms and hauled him through the field as the reed creatures made an aisle. They reached a set of stairs and stood waiting. Nikolas could see that there were several empty chairs sitting in a row and behind them was a gated archway which flashed as a figure in all white robe came through. Nikolas frowned seeing the figure had a mask like his but was a different color. 
He heard the Annukai standing next to him speak “Horus, Son of Osiris.” 
Nikolas jerked feeling something in his mind then the figure in white raised an arm and gestured. The two gonoid head figures on his sides hauled him up the steps towards the gated opening which flashed as they went through. Nikolas blinked his eyes to see that he was in an all grey square room. He saw the figure in white standing to the side and watched as the gonoid head figures pulled him to follow the figure that turned and walked down the hallway towards a wall. The wall slid opened like a door and Nikolas could see that he was in a vast hallway that towered over him. The three led him down the vast hallway towards a wall which rumbled slowly opening like a door. Nikolas heard voices talking and looked to see that there was a large room with a vast like ceiling and in front of one end of the room were a set of chairs on a on a set of stairs and behind the chairs was a white wall. There was writing on the walls at his sides in unfamiliar languages. He saw three figures standing in front of the stairs two were in a mist of an argument by their language which Nikolas identified as Hammarabbi. The robed figure clapped gloved hands and the three figures turned to look at Nikolas hauled into the room. Nikolas saw a Human female with sun colored short hair wearing some gonoid skin clothes who reminded him of one of the Humans called Natalia Borsova by the facial features. Standing next to her was another female with black hair and tan skin wearing white clothing who reminded Nikolas of the species Highlander with her pointed ears. 
Next to the Highlander was a Shadonian with a hat on his head and he was dressed in robes who spoke in Hammarabbi which Nikolas understood his words “Oh dear.” 
Nikolas heard a chain rattling sound and standing in front of the stairs yanking on an attached chain was a female figure dressed in a red dress. The female he saw had wings on her back and a crown on her head over her curly black hair. The female looked up to look at Nikolas who frowned seeing her face which the eyes were black and her mouth opened in an O showing fanged teeth. Then the female continued yanking on the chain attached to her neck in distress. The two gonoid head figures brought Nikolas towards the group and the three turned to face the set of chairs. The wall opened splitting in half pulling away showing another set of stairs. Figures in colorful robes with Hades like masks came walking down in a row. In front of the robed figures were three persons which Nikolas identified as the Three Sisters of Otto who went to sit at the top of the stairs.
The robed figures reached the chairs and sat as the Highlander female turned towards Nikolas and spoke in Hammarabbi “They say the Annukai has identified you as Horus, Son of Osiris.”
Nikolas kept his mouth shut as another figure came walking in the room and stepped in his eyes sight. The figure he saw another Hades who fell towards the ground shaking as the Hades suit on the figure fell off. Nikolas stared at the figure that was revealed to be male wearing white clothing like the female Highlander. The Hades clothing abruptly turned to dust as Nikolas stood watching the male Highlander shake his head and get up to face him. 
The male Highlander spoke “They say you’ll take off your mask.” 
Nikolas exhaled air fisting his hands, and spoke in the same language “I will not.” 
He saw the robed figures on the thrones turn to look at each other with their masked heads.  
Nikolas heard the male Highlander speak “You will take off your mask or what you feed on will be the Shadonia, for his blood is poison to you.” 
With a growl Nikolas sensed hunger pains coming from him and reached up to his forehead pulling the mask off his face to settle it on his chest. He felt pain in his head as his face was revealed and jerked his head up towards the ceiling while closing his eyes as he felt himself falling into the darkness below with a groan."
Jason again heard the booing and hissing sounds as he again felt a fist thump onto his black clad arm. 
He glared at a female Hayu he noticed hadn't spoken who spoke noticing his look "The female Human named Valeria stood watching the male dressed as Hades reveal his face. She saw his face was Human like with golden eyes and saw him jerk his head up in pain facing the ceiling then he went asleep. She saw the two Falcon guards holding onto the male who shook his head and looked up confusingly around. 
Valeria then heard the male Highlander speak “Hades put your mask back on.” 
The male he saw stared at the Highlander with a confused expression on his face who added “The Hades mask on your chest, put it back on your face.” 
 She watched as the male, Hades obeyed by pulling the mask on his face and the Falcon guards let go of him. Valeria watched as the female Highlander she knew was called Zara along with the male Highlander stared at the High Council sitting in their chairs and then they both went to Hades. 
Zara spoke “We know where for you to feed, please come with us.” 
Then they escorted Hades out of the room. Valeria turned to face the High Council with an accusing glare. 
She heard one of the High Council speak in her mind in a male voice “Why so upset, Valeria?” 
Valeria replied using her voice speaking in Hammarabbi “I don’t appreciate you manipulating things.” 
She heard the male voice laugh and speak again in her mind “We have what we want and that is Horus himself. Consider yourself alive for that.” 
Valeria groaned and sensed the Shadonian called Nameless went to stand besides her. 
She looked at him as Nameless asked “May we leave?”
The male voice in her mind spoke “I see you wanting a drink, Nameless. You both may leave.” 
Valeria with Nameless escorting her slowly walked out of the large room and entered the vast hallway. 
With a sigh like sound Human like sound she heard Nameless spoke “Life here isn’t too bad, Valeria. You’ll get used to it.”
Valeria made a growling nonsense sound of disagreement as Nameless continued “You get to drink as much as you want and you’ll live in comfort.” 
Valeria folded her arms as the two walked down the hallway. Reaching the end the wall slid open showing a small room with a padded bench and the familiar figure of the module mover’s Operator stood with his arms folded. Valeria could see the familiar Hades mask on his face and he was dressed in a shiny jumpsuit like clothing. 
The Operator spoke in a male voice “Get in and wear the masks on your face.” 
He held up two blindfolds in his hands she saw. Valeria snatched one and put over her face as Nameless did the same as they both sat on the bench. She heard a humming sound she felt the room went up then flew at a fast break speed on her right side. There were several twists and turns then the room went down and suddenly stopped. 
The Operator spoke “Take the masks off and get out.” 
Groaning Valeria yanked her blindfold off and threw it at the Operator as Nameless took his off. She left the room with Nameless and the wall slid closed behind them. They were in an all white hallway that was circular with a black door at the end. 
Nameless broke the silence by speaking “A drink, I could use one now.” 
Valeria spoke with sarcasm in her voice “All you can think of is drinking, Nameless.” 
Nameless, she saw had his lips in a frown line as the two walked toward the door, it opened and a figure came in the hallway. 
Nameless spoke she seeing him recognizing the Humanoid Reptile species called Rakcar “Norok, good to see you.” 
Norok spoke she heard with a device on his throat speaking his words in an alien voice “Good to see you too. I must warn you that this Hades character is here, brought in with Zara and her brother Zack.”
Valeria groaned as she folded her arms. 
Norok she saw noticing her spoke “Who’s our new visitor?”
Nameless replied “This is a Human named Valeria.” 
Nameless she saw cut himself off when she looked at him with a glare then stomped passed Norok who was heard asking “Care for a drink, Nameless?”
Nameless spoke from behind “I could use one now.”
The two were sensed followed her through the doorway and entered a grey hallway. 
Valeria stood to the side and spoke “Where’s this Hades go?”
Norok responded she heard still using that alien voice tone “He’s in the drinking room with the Listeners. We’ll lead the way since your new here.” 
Valeria shrugged as the two led her down the hallway towards a wall which opened revealing a large grey room with chairs scattered around it. Valeria saw that there were large screens on the walls that showed scenes of space along with planets on one wall on her left along with the chairs. Standing on her right was a bar with Listeners, Valeria recognized to be the Annukai race with their multicolored hairs surrounding it in front of machines that gave out hissing sounds. Nameless she saw went to the bar and one of the Listeners handed him a large gold cup which the Shadonian took. 
She saw him took a sip and speak “Just absolutely right.” 
Sighing she watched as Nameless went to the screens as Norok who was handed a cup which he drank himself went to join the Shadonian. Groaning Valeria went to the bar where Hades sat on a stool looking at her. 
She asked him “Did you get your drink yet?”
Hades spoke “I already had a drink, thanks.”
Valeria noticed the Listeners were watching her as she went to sit on a stool next to Hades and spoke to the Bartender, an Annukai “What sort of drinks you offer here?”
The Bartender a blonde Annukai rattled off a list of drinks which Valeria absent mildly heard. Groaning Valeria went to a grey plush chair to sit when an Annukai blocked her way. 
She spoke “I want to sit down.” 
The Annukai spoke “No, sit on a stool.” 
She gave the Annukai a glare and went back to the bar. Her former seat was occupied by Zack who was sitting talking to Zara. Growling some sound she went to the bar and leaned her back against it next to Hades who was still staring at her. 
Frowning she spoke to the Bartender “I’ll have the Dula please.” 
The Bartender stared at her and got to work filling in a gold cup with the ordered drink. She folded her arms and sensed Hades still staring at her. 
Valeria asked “Hades, what are you looking at?”
Hades rumbled in a guttural like voice she heard “Have you ever mated before?” 
Valeria was handed her drink in gold like cup which she sipped before speaking to Hades “I think I have mated before-“
She cut herself off when she heard a male voice speak in her mind “Keep your mouth shut about your mating with him.” 
Valeria looked at Zack who was staring at her then he resumed talking with Zara. Frowning Valeria stiffened hearing Hades speak “I desire to mate with you, Human.” 
Valeria leaned her head till it was close to Hades and spoke “The name’s Valeria and me wouldn’t mate with someone who already mated before.”
Hades growled grabbing her neck which she gagged then he abruptly let go of her neck to bow his head with his fists on his forehead. Conversations among the room’s group stopped as they stared at Hades who growled loudly she heard. 
Valeria spoke with concern in her voice “Hades, you alright?”
Hades growled out “No I’m having a headache.”
Valeria noticed Zara got up, went to Hades speaking “It’s alright we all get them from time to time. Come with me.” 
Zara she watched pulled Hades towards one of the chairs with an Annukai’s help Hades was soon leaning in the chair asleep. 
Valeria spoke to Zack “He’s mated with a female before. I heard a female like tone of ownership in his voice.” 
Zack replied “I get it-'" 
Nikolas spoke interrupting the female Hayu "Hades stood in the High Council’s throne room standing staring as the High Council arrived to sit on the chairs. 
He heard a male voice speak in his mind “Take off your mask, Hades.”
Hades confusingly stared at the High Council and heard the male voice speak again “We the High Council are communicating by voice in your head. So take off your mask now.”
Hades frowned but obeyed yanking off the mask to settle it on his chest. He shifted his feet as the High Council in their seats sat staring at him. 
He watched as they looked at each other for then he heard a different male voice speak in his mind “Why are you desiring my female, Valeria?”
Hades spoke “I desire to mate.” 
He heard the male voice speak “I see.” 
He heard snickering like laughter sounded in his mind unexpectedly stiffened from the noises as he felt a terrible headache. Hades bent down groaning unexpectedly as memories of who he was spilled in his mind. He recalled himself as Nikolas Horus son of Osiris while growling loudly. He eyed the High Council with rage running through him focused onto one as if drawn to see one was wearing a familiar pendant necklace around their neck. 
It made him angry as he heard blared in his mind "What's gotten you upset Hades?"
Nikolas looked away straightening up his form to notice an axe on the wall as an idea came to his mind on destroying the High Council. He used super speed to grab the axe and charged towards the High Council in a fast speed move to swing it. He swung the axe towards the High Council member wearing the pendant knocking the male out of his chair who landed onto the floor in a fast move. He held the axe up high above his head at the fallen High Council member and raised it up while blinking his eyes. He saw in place of the High Council member was a female who seemed familiar that was on the ground with tears coming from her eyes. He roared dropping the axe while freeing the King Winter form from himself and used his Cold Lord power to freeze the High Council. He snarled sensing himself watched ignored the watcher as he snarled growling. He shrugged into the Hades form and picked up the axe through the ice, bringing it down on the luckless frozen High Council member’s neck shattering the head from the body. The luckless High Council's neck he saw was still containing the necklace. He proceeded to stomp his foot on the head of frozen body and stood looking around the room with anger on his face. 
He saw at the entrance Valeria was in the room he sensed himself spied on he ignored the feeling “Hades that was Jupiter, the leader of the High Council you made disappear.” 
Nikolas ignored Valeria staring at him as he walked around the ice bringing his axe down on the frozen bodies of the scattered among the floor, High Council members shattering their forms' heads. He hesitated when he reached the form of the High Council member his mind told him was the one who mated with Valeria in some nasty way. 
He heard Valeria speak “I don’t give a care if you do that or not, the fool forced himself onto me in some mating way.” 
Nikolas growled and brought the axe down on High Council member's neck and shattered the head from the body. Valeria he sensed watched him with a smirk seen on her face as he stomped his foot on the High Council's separated head shattering it in pieces. Growling Nikolas stomped over the ice towards Valeria while holding the axe. 
He swung the axe at her who held up her hands while speaking “Please don’t do that.” 
Nikolas hesitated with a growl and roared “Take me out of this place now!” 
Valeria he saw nodded her head while speaking “There’s a grey room with a gate that leads to places. We’ll go there.” 
She he followed after he ditched the axe led the way out of the throne room towards the vast hallway with him following. They reached a wall which opened showing a grey room and a gated opening in the middle of the room.  
Valeria spoke “I hope you know where to go because I was wearing a device when I went through.”
The gate flashed as a figure arrived walking through it. Nikolas found himself pushing Valeria behind him as he held up his hands fisted in front of him with a growl. She was sensed to peer around him to see a humanoid creature with bones outside its body with popping veins and clawed hands with a gonoid Horse like head with fanged teeth. 
Nikolas frowned hearing spoken in his mind "It's a Banshee as their called aka Screamer.""
Nikolas was interrupted by a female Hayu "Groaning Valeria felt something like a headache come in as an image of a stadium with people in it came to her mind followed by the words “You must do something for the Humans.”
She sensed Hades put a hand over her shoulder and together they walked through the gate flashing."
Jason exhaled a breath as another Hayu blared "In the Stadium in Rakcara, the Gate Keeper at the gate sounded the horn speaking through the microphone “Entry, Edenia!”
The crowd gasped as three figures came through the flashing gate showing Valeria, Hades and the Banshee. 
The Rakcaran Pharaoh sang in his language with his words translated by the Drainer next to him speaking in Basic, the International Language on Rakcara “Says Humans aren’t welcome here!”
Hades, Valeria heard growled as she sensed the Banshee speak blaring in her mind “Go to the microphone in front of the Rakcaran Pharaoh and speak words for me, Hades.” 
The three walked among in the stadium with the crowd chanting insults at them. They reached the microphone stand in front of a set of stairs that led to the dais where the Rakcaran Pharaoh sat. 
The Pharaoh again sang words which the Drainer standing next to him spoke “Says state your purpose!”
His words were translated by the Listener in Hammarabbi, Valeria recognized to be an Annukai standing next to the Drainer for her to understand. Valeria folded her arms in response and looked at Hades who growled roaring some sound through the microphone which the crowd went silent." 
Nikolas spoke "Nikolas heard the Banshee speak through his mind “Take off your mask, Horus, Son of Osiris.” 
With a growl he yanked off the mask off his face revealing golden Human eyes and a Human like face to the crowd who muttered their shock among themselves.
Nikolas spoke the words the Banshee told him to speak in Basic “Says I of the Banshee am speaking through Hades here. The High Council has disappeared by Hades’ hand. Your view towards Humans ends now.” 
The Pharaoh sang which the Drainer spoke “Says your words have neither say nor merit.”
Nikolas responded with the Banshee’s words “Says oh really? What do you know of the one named Horus, Son of Osiris?”
The Pharaoh sitting in the throne he saw opened his mouth then closed it with a frown line on his face as the crowd muttered. 
Nikolas continued the Banshee’s words “Says he is the one who is speaking my words for I see this clearly in his mind.” 
The Pharaoh opened his mouth to sing words he ignored himself to not to translate which the Drainer said “Says you expect me to believe your words?” 
Nikolas responded with the Banshee’s words which the Banshee pointed a clawed finger at the Pharaoh “Says don’t deny this! I see in your mind that this male here matches the prophesied signs of the one called Horus, Son of Osiris. He is the reason why the High Council has anger towards Humans for it is prophesied that Horus will make the High Council disappear ending their influence.”
The Drainer spoke the singing Pharaoh’s words “Says this is shockingly unbelievable.”
Nikolas growled out words again from the Banshee “Says you believe for I see the belief in your mind. You are saying these words to save face among the others.”
The crowd gasped to mutter among themselves and some were pointing at Hades, Valeria and the Banshee with their fingers he saw them pointing. 
He ignored their pointing as Anubis arrived in sight to stand near the Pharaoh with a glare on his face. He shifted to look where they were pointing to feel disgust taking hold seeing seated in seats were another group of High Council members. This time he saw were all dressed in cloud colored robes hiding their features of what species or whether they were male or female from him. He threw on his mask with a glare on his face and eyed the Banshee with disgust fully within him. 
Nikolas heard from the Pharaoh singing he translated as the Drainer spoke "What were you saying about the High Council disappearing by this Hades' hands? The High Council is still living as I see them seated on their seats."
Nikolas gave the Banshee a glare while folding his arms feeling rage take control as the Banshee faded from view while hearing nothing in response. He shook his head of disgust and without a word grabbed Valeria's arm hauling her not protesting but sensing her growling of anger towards a gate he recognized was the exit gate. Nikolas felt his way to there on the other side of the stadium get blocked by Anubis and Falcon guards which he waved a fist aimed at them in response. He saw Anubis shake his head with ears become flat followed by fading from view leaving the Falcons looking confused who gave off awk sounds and walked away. Nikolas saw them both go to the High Council's dais to stand as he felt a headache his head he ignored to haul Valeria towards the exit gate. Nikolas got an image of the Shadonia's headquarters fully in mind as he went through the gate hauling Valeria with him. He sensed himself still holding onto her come out of a doorway to grimace from the headache still sensed hitting him."
Jason heard the booing and hissing sounds sounded again. He got Brianna's bare fisted Human like hand thumping his arm again. 
He figured to himself "I might as well ignore Brianna. Perhaps she'll get the message and quit her hitting me."
He proceeded to do.

Part six: Great War 
Nikolas continued talking "Nikolas walked in the hallway. He saw Teorjer walk out of the double doors in front of him blocking his way. 
Teorjer he saw walked up to him and put a hand on his shoulder while speaking “Keep your mask on, Nikolas no matter what.” 
Nikolas’ response was to growl some sound of displeasure. 
Teorjer spoke again “Yes I know but trust me please.” 
Nikolas saw his mother Isis came walking out of the double doors with a frown on her face. Nikolas growled some sound when he saw her. 
Isis he saw frowned bowing her head towards him then she went to Teorjer who spoke “Remember what I said about your mask, Nikolas.” 
Groaning Nikolas pushed open the double doors and walked into the room. The doors slammed behind him. He looked to see that he was in a large room with rows of benches surrounding tables. The room was lighted by lights in the ceiling. There were a row of windows in the wall letting in the fading sun and next to the windows was a wall of devices that dispensed food and drinks. Seated at one end of the table and benches were his children, Yevgeny, Malaja and Mykaru with Georgina, who looked to see the noise source. 
Nikolas spoke questioningly “Georgina?”
Georgina he saw stood up from the bench with an angry look on her face. He watched as she marched up to him and raised a right hand slapping it on his masked cheek hard. 
Nikolas refrained from groaning out loud as he spoke “Georgina?”
Georgina he grimaced replied in an angry tone “Don’t Georgina me, Nikolas! Where have you been? I’m sick and tired of you being taken away leaving me to raise the children alone!”
Nikolas spoke “The children have been raised fine by you.”
Nikolas could see the children walking towards their mother and him while standing behind Georgina with arms folded with accusing looks on their faces aimed at him.
Nikolas inwardly groaned as Georgina growled some sound fisting her hands at her sides and yelled “You idiot! What do you make me for?”
Nikolas groaned some more from the inside as Georgina continued ranting “I had to put up with you forgetting your children and me!” 
Nikolas folded his arms and stood watching Georgina as she paced back and forth in front of him while saying “Not to mention you feeding on them like some Drainer!”
He growled loudly as Georgina stopped pacing to stare at him with a frown as he gripped his hands on his arms while folded. 
She he saw stopped pacing to glare at him with her arms folded then she spoke “Take off your mask, Nikolas.” 
He ignoring the remark asked “What did I miss while I was gone, Georgina?”
Georgina instead of answering the question yelled “I said take off your mask, Nikolas!”
He kept his arms folded spoke “No, I will not take off the mask, Georgina.”
Georgina growled some sound and fisted her hands at her sides he saw. 
She, he saw angrily yelled while pointing a finger at him “Then you’re nothing to me! You hear me say, nothing!”
Nikolas noticed his children look at each other with concern looks on their faces as he growled out while putting his hands to the sides “Your acting out of anger, Georgina.” 
Georgina raised a hand and swung it at him who easily caught it while speaking “You’re angry, Georgina and it isn’t wise to act out the anger or you will regret the actions.” 
Georgina responded to his annoyance by growling some sound and raised her other hand swinging it at Nikolas who easily caught the other hand. He watched as she growled some sounds while struggling to free herself from his grip with anger on her face. 
Nikolas growled out “Anger in battle doesn’t solve a thing, Georgina” as she aimed her foot kicking at his legs. 
Nikolas let go of her hands, pulling them down and in a swift move wrapped his arms around her growling form in tight hug trapping her against him. Georgina was felt struggled in his arms. He heard the doors bang open and Teorjer with Isis came walking in his eyes sight. 
Teorjer spoke “Appears she has inherited her father’s temper along with his anger.” 
Nikolas held onto Georgina as his children put a hand on his arms. 
He could see Yevgeny had a concerned look on his face as Nikolas spoke “Anger can be controlled, right Teorjer?”
Teorjer he saw nodded his head despite hearing growls coming from an irate Georgina. 
Isis spoke despite Georgina’s growling “I know there’s a room where you can contain her.” 
She he saw looked at Teorjer who nodded his head and she continued “Nikolas, come along while I show you the room.” 
Nikolas hauled a growling struggling Georgina from the room following Isis and Teorjer."
A new Hayu spoke "Mykaru spoke as figures came in the room “There’s that female you’ve been telling me about.”"
A familiar Hayu was heard "Yevgeny looked with shock to see the Empress Palina Borsova with her husband Lodinov Borsov in the room with Natalia and a female figure who spoke “Yevgeny.” 
Yevgeny spoke in a far away voice after he eyed the female figure with twin face as Natalia's “Valeria.”
Yevgeny and the female walked towards each other with their hands up. Yevgeny smiled a small smile as he and the female jerk when their hands connected while staring at each other before hugging. He sighed feeling himself finally getting what he wanted in the first place as he kept his arms around Valeria.
Yevgeny heard blared in his mind unexpectedly "She's the one who's prophesized to bear the Mistress mate of the Sun Lord." 
He ignored the voice and made himself focus onto Valeria who clung to him in a tight grip while hearing her give off crying sounds sounding she was upset to him. Yevgeny sighed softly from Valeria's face felt buried onto his shoulder as he kept his arms wrapped around her in a tight hold. 
He continued to hear her crying as he whispered to Valeria "I'm here I won't let anyone harm you again. You have my oath I'll see this happen period."
Yevgeny felt Valeria calming down in his arms' grips to see her remove her head showing her tear stained face which he wiped away her watery look on her face. Valeria he saw didn't resists to that instead kept her arms wrapped around him in a tight squeezing hug-"
Jason heard booing and hissing sounded again interrupting the Hayu male's talk. He rubbed his arm from where Brianna thumped him again making him grimace from the pain. 
He eyed Nikolas the Hayu's leader in response who noticed his glare with his golden Human eyes spoke "Nikolas hauled Georgina while following Isis and Teorjer towards a doorway.
Teorjer spoke “Keep her from getting out will you and keep your mask on period.”
Nikolas nodded his head and hauled her inside the room, with the door closing behind him. He saw was rectangular with a bed and another doorway that led to the private room for hygiene and expelling he glimpsed. He let go of Georgina who stood glaring at him stewing away. 
She folded her arms snarling out “You bastard!”
Nikolas grimaced from her wording as he stood there watching her with his arms at the sides in front of the door to the room. He watched as she went to the bathroom door slamming it shut. The door banged opened a crack from her slamming. Nikolas went next to the door leaning on the wall with his arms folded. 
He heard Georgina yell from within “Nikolas, the nerve of that man!”
Sighing he opened the door wider and looked to see her changing out of her clothes her back to him. He watched as she spun around grabbing her long sleeve shirt in front of her with a nasty look on her face. 
She angry spoke “Spying on me aren’t you Nikolas?”
He held the door open watching her as she threw her top at him. He caught the long sleeve shirt with one hand and plopped it down on the ground as she changed out of her clothes. He saw a naked Georgina went to the shower stall and heard her turn on the water. 
He edged himself closer inside the bathroom till he could see her in the shower stall while watching her wash herself while muttering “Nikolas, the nerve.” 
Nikolas leaned against the wall watching her as she looked at him with a nasty look and turned her back to him while washing herself. Nikolas sighed then he left the room to go sit on the bed watching the door to the bathroom while listening to the sounds she made. He heard the shower water turn off and sat watching her come out drying her hair with a towel wrapped around her form while holding her clothes in her hands. She he saw went to a chair and folded her clothes with a glaring look at him. Nikolas stood up as she growling went to the bed and pulled the blankets apart. He watched as she proceeded to take the towels around her and threw them at him which he caught easily. Georgina he eyed got in the bed and pulled the blankets around her.
He placed the towels on another chair in the room as he heard her yell “Turn off the lights, you bastard!”
He went to the console light switch on the wall near the door to the room and flicked the lights off. Night vision came to him automatically as he stared at Georgina’s form lying sideways in the bed cocooned by the blankets. Sighing Nikolas lay on the bed spoon fashioning Georgina’s sideways form his arms around her in the blankets.
He heard her mutter “Nikolas, the nerve of that man.”
Nikolas rubbed her form covered by the blankets with a hand and leaned his head on the pillow sharing the pillow her head was lying on. He sensed her abruptly turning to face him and looked staring at her face as her arms freed from the blankets went around his neck. 
Nikolas heard her say “Hold me, please”. 
He obeyed pulling her blanket covered form closer towards him as she kept her arms around him. 
He heard her sighs some sound and laid his head on top of hers while on the pillow they shared and sense her falling asleep. Nikolas closed his eyes and fell asleep. 
He woke to hear Georgina choking looked to see there was a rope around her neck attached to a hazy figure in black who spoke in a soothing hypnotic tone “Take off your mask.” 
Nikolas obeyed yanking off his mask to settle it on his chest. He grabbed the rope around Georgina’s neck and pulled freeing her. Nikolas closed his eyes sensing a memory come to his mind. In the memory he saw a point of view of his mother Isis lowering the person in a basket and she held up a pendant attached to a chain which she hid among the folds of a blanket surrounding the person. Then the view changed as a new person with gonoid like Blaster face, fanged teeth and two horns for the ears with golden eyes and long stringy black hair was carrying the basket with a handle with a clawed hand attached to a bumpy arm while holding the person’s view lying in it. Nikolas realized that the gonoid faced person was Tala and the person’s view was himself as a baby. Tala he saw did a jump falling in a rocky area around them. 
She he saw kept her golden eyes on him lying and the handle broke which she screamed some sound, Nikolas understood was “No!” 
Then the basket carrying baby Nikolas went flying through a white gated arch landing with a thump on dirt ground. 
Baby Nikolas stared to see a being like Tala with black male features instead of her tan colored skin bent down towards the basket.
The being wound up pulling out the pendant while speaking words which Nikolas understood in a masculine voice “A Hayu like version of Narashia.”
The black being lifted baby Nikolas with clawed hands out of the basket. He felt the being held him up to show he was in a cavernous room with a gated arch behind him and there were other humanoid beings like him. 
The black being spoke “Hold while Queen marks this Hayu.” 
Nikolas remembered pain in his back and crying during the marking then the being held up a clawed hand. The being blew something in baby Nikolas’ face which made him sleepy and he fell asleep."
Jason eyed Nikolas who stopped talking and appeared to be staring at the eater's light lost in thought. He again grimaced from Brianna's fist thumping onto his right arm from her seated next to him on the log near the eater's light. 
He groaned out "Can't someone finish the story or what?"
He heard in response a male Hayu speaking "Teorjer came walking out the cafeteria with Isis to see Nikolas come out of a room with his mask off with a smirking angry look on his face.
Teorjer spoke “Oh no.” 
Nikolas, Teorjer saw walked by them in an appearance trance unseeing the two and ignored them. 
Teorjer pleaded to Isis “Isis, please go to Georgina, while I’ll stay with Nikolas to where he’s going.” 
Isis he saw stared at him who gave her kiss on the cheek and ran to catch up with Nikolas. 
Teorjer thought mentally yelling “Merra! Why aren’t you helping him?!”
He heard the feminine voice of Merra speaking in his mind “He is guided by an instinct call which is stronger than I can break.” 
Teorjer escorted Nikolas till they reached a grey room in the ship with a gated arch in the middle of the room. The gated arch hummed as Nikolas with Teorjer with an image from Merra in his head went through.
Teorjer blinked his eyes to see that he was in a cavernous room with Humanoid beings standing there watching them. 
One of them spoke in a language which Teorjer automatically understood “Make that Hayu disappear.” 
He pulled a small knife from his pocket and swiped his neck with it. Nikolas to his satisfaction spun putting a hand on Teorjer’s chest and bit his swollen neck sucking his blood. Once finished Teorjer felt Nikolas lick the puncture marks closed and turned to face the beings that looked at each other with their black as night skinned, reptile like deer faces, fanged teeth and two sets of horns where the ears were. One of the beings stepped forwards holding out bumpy scaly arms which Nikolas went to the being and was given a hug. Then Nikolas he saw to his annoyance was handed chains with manacles on them which he walked towards him who held out his wrists. Teorjer stared at Nikolas’ face which showed smirking anger as the chains were put on his wrists. The beings he eyed with disgust pulled him out of the cavernous room through an entrance with Nikolas sensed following them. They went by several cave openings and reached another room which had white walls with glowing writing on the lower edges. Teorjer looked up to see there were a line of the beings above standing behind a low wall above them as they were escorted into the room. The beings surrounded the large circular room above them. The room was lit by a large glowing ball in the ceiling. The beings surrounding Teorjer kneeled on one knee as Nikolas did the same to his disgust. Teorjer stood watching as a white being like the black as night being arrived at the wall above them. 
He heard a feminine guttural voice from the white being speak in a language which he understood the words “You may rise.” 
The beings surrounding him stood as Nikolas did the same. 
Teorjer heard one of the beings surrounding him speak pointing a clawed hand at Nikolas “My Queen, this is He is the One, all grown up.” 
The white being, Teorjer assumed, the Queen spoke “Show your back.”
Nikolas turned his back towards the Queen pulling his vest by the back part showing to his disgust writing marks on his back glowing, identical to the glowing writing on the walls. 
He heard the Queen speak “Yes, it is He is the One.” 
Then one of the black beings spoke “He is the One, feeds on the essence in this Hayu. We saw him bite this Hayu’s neck drinking his essence from within.” 
The Queen he heard spoke “This Hayu lives along with the others as food for He is the One to feed on.”
The black beings bowed towards the Queen who waved a clawed hand and two pulled him by the chains out of the room. Teorjer saw as they went through a cave opening to walk on a large metal gangplank bridge in a huge cave area over a large number of beings like themselves down below. He saw that they were working digging into the dirt ground with their claws. He frowned seeing one of them pull round a glowing ball which was handed to another then another till it was settled on grasses. Beings were busy putting grass shoots from their bodies around the balls. He saw as he walked escorted on the bridge, one of the balls shatter showing a smaller baby being lifted up by another and carried towards large holes in a wall. The wall appeared to Teorjer to be large machinery looking like a cave wall. There was a cylinder like devices implanted in the machinery wall as he kept his eyes on the holes to see beings in cylinders through stages of growth. Then he felt the group paused in their walking and stopped to see the beings grip their heads like in pain as one of them down below burst apart in fire. 
Then the beings stopped gripping their heads and resumed their work as Teorjer groaned softly to himself “The great war as prophesied the ancient peril is them not the Humans as thought.”
The two beings escorting him pulled him over the machinery wall while on the bridge which he saw a large cylinder with one of the white beings inside. There were tubes attached to the cylinder that led to other cylinders with beings in stages of growth in them. 
Teorjer frowned speaking out loud “Who created you to do this?”
The two beings with him didn’t answer but continued to pull him by the chains attached to his wrists. They passed the machinery wall. Teorjer had to duck as a glowing ball passed him landing in the ground below. He looked up to see another set of machinery above set in a cliff wall with a large cylinder in the wall. Inside was a creature which he recognized to have the body of a female Monarch with the eyes closed from the top to the waist. Below the waist, instead of legs was a swollen tree trunk part filled with glowing balls seen through the skin. One of the balls arrived out of the bottom of the cylinder through a small hole flying in the air. Teorjer watched the ball with his eyes and saw it land on the ground burrowing in the dirt with a boom. Beings went to the area and started digging, and one pulled up a ball. He frowned staring at the being in the cylinder tube which was floating in some liquid with the hands to the sides with look on the female Monarch’s face. He stiffened recognizing the look was the same one Nikolas had on his face which was of smirking anger. He and escorts reached the end of the gangplank bridge and entered a cave opening and the three went through a maze of cave hallways then reached another large cave. Teorjer frowned seeing stairs leading down the room towards large tubes with wires attached to the cave ceiling. The two beings escorted Teorjer down the stairs with him looking at the tubes. He could see a large number of tubes with Monarch species like beings floating inside the tubes and they had no legs but tree trunk parts below their waists. The two beings abruptly stopped at a set of stairs leading towards a tube which he looked to see a naked male Monarch with legs floating in a cracked glass like cylinder. The cracks he saw had white taped material on them. Teorjer could see wiring attached to the male Monarch’s body by the arms and legs. The male Monarch’s beady eyes were open and there was a smirking angry look which again reminded him of the look on Nikolas’ face.
Teorjer saw writing on top of the tube in a familiar language which he read to himself said “PX5 and Tia”. 
The two beings bowed towards the tube and Teorjer found himself knocked in a kneeling position as one of the beings spoke “Says your different from the other Humans.”
Teorjer stared at the Monarch being floating in the tube that blinked his beady eyes and put a hand on the tube while moving his mouth.
He heard one of the beings standing besides him speak “Says I said you’re different from the other Humans.” 
Teorjer stared with shock blinking his eyes, and asked “Who are you?”
The being standing next to him said he assumed was the Monarch in the tube’s words “Says who I am, you really want to know?”
Teorjer responded “I can’t help it that I’m curious.” 
The being spoke “Says I am the supreme ruler of this universe here. Everything here follows my rules, my laws, and my mind. No can take that away from me. ” 
He saw the Monarch wave a fisted hand while narrowing his eyes. 
Teorjer asked gesturing with his head at the beings standing besides him “What happened to cause you to create them?”
One of them answered “Says they would not let me go outside no matter how I pleaded. They did all sorts of tricks and lies to keep me inside hence here I am doing what I wanted.” 
Teorjer sighed and spoke “Who are they?”
The Monarch he saw put his fist down and cocked his head while moving his mouth and one of the beings he heard spoke “Says your escorts are a race called Narashia who does my bidding. As for they, let’s just say their tricks and lies won’t work on me any more.” 
Teorjer felt one of the beings lifts him up to stand with clawed hands and pull him away from the Monarch tube that waved a hand then closed his eyes. He frowned as the Narashia pulled him up a set of stairs towards a maze of caves. He saw that they were taking him in the same cavernous area. Teorjer looked around to see the same familiar scene with a frown and then they left the cave area. The three walked through another maze of caves till they reached a long lighted by glow balls in the ceiling, cave hallway with gated bar arches that hummed of electricity from boxes next to each of them. He looked to see all sorts of Humans, both males and females inside the cells peering at him with a range of emotions on their faces. Then the Narashia he assumed were the beings' species names stopped at a gated arch and yanked the chains off of his wrist as another slid opened the gate pushing him inside. He heard the gate slam closed followed by the hum of electricity from behind him. Teorjer looked around in the cell to see it was square with cave walls, a long bench at the end and sitting staring at him was a Human male with long dirty blonde sun colored hair framing his face while wearing brown gonoid skin clothing that clung to his form. 
The male spoke in Summeran with a tired voice he heard to his shock, “Oh you’ve seen him, the one who created the Narashia. I can tell by the look on your face.”
Teorjer sighed and went to the bench to sit leaning against the wall. 
He heard the male speak again “The name is Trian.” 
Teorjer spoke as information processed fully in his mind on who Trian was actually dubbing himself General Wickers from Shadan “I’m called Teorjer, and you’re General Wickers, from Shadan.” 
Trian he saw nodded and asked “How did you know of the General Wickers persona?”
Teorjer replied as information continued to process in his mind of various Humans gathered contained in cells “I know many things and I reveal them from time to time.” 
Trian he saw stared at him with a curious look in his tired blue eyes as Teorjer murmured while leaning against the cave walls “PX5 and Tia, hmmm.”
There was a shower of electrical sparks from the bars. 
Trian grimaced he saw as he pointed towards a corner in the walls speaking “I think he’s watching us through that.” 
Teorjer looked up to see a black globe sticking in the walls in the corner with gonoid like creatures, blinking lights on them while crawling on the walls around the globe. 
There was a shower of sparks from the bars as Teorjer spoke “Tia, I wonder what happened to her.”
Trian spoke “I have to warn you, I think he communicates to us when we sleep.” 
Teorjer looked at Trian who continued “There are others here who have been heard screaming from having nightmares and they say it’s from him.”
He looked to stare at the black globe lost in thought as additional information processed fully in his mind of the Humans unable to sleep from some nightmare hitting them “Have you been having those nightmares yourself?”
Trian he eyed while processing information, nodded his head and spoke “The nightmares start on a dry cracked field with no life. Then there’s a forest where we drink the water. The dreams according to the others start to vary for each of us, tormenting us with our greatest fears. It’s like he doesn’t want us to stop to think or sleep. None of us has slept very well since our arrival here.” 
Teorjer frowned then spoke out loud “Very interesting.” 
Then he closed his eyes letting sleep over come him. Teorjer in the dream stood in a vast arid dry arid field with cracks in the ground as far as the eye could see devoid of life. He walked around in a circle staring to see that he was alone in the field with a frown on his face. Sighing he looked to see there were mountains in one direction and walked towards them as the sun shined high in the sky. He felt himself thirsty and looked around for water but there was no life in the cracked ground. 
He wound up finding himself blurting to his annoyance “Water, need water.”
Teorjer kept on walking towards the mountains that stayed distance. He heard a roaring sound from behind him and spun around. Then the scene changed to show a dark forest surrounding him as the moon shined her rays. He heard water lapping and went to follow the sound. Reaching through a maze of trees and bushes he saw a large pond like lake with a beach. Teorjer went to kneel at the beach and put his hands in the water pulling up water in his hands drinking it. Once his thirst was filled, Teorjer stood up and turned around to see a figure came walking stomping around a tree with a growl. The figure was wearing black pants that wrapped around the ankles and feet. The figure also had clawed hands, a Human like face with golden eyes in a sneering glare and had long blonde sun colored hair pulled back in a tail. The arms and chest of the figure appeared to be muscular of a male. Teorjer stared at the figure and tried to speak but no words would come out of his mouth.
The figure spoke in a masculine tone “You should not have drunken the water, for you will suffer my wrath.” 
Before Teorjer could react, the figure charged at him, grabbing him with a clawed hand on the neck, raising him up.
The figure spoke again “The water is sacred and must be drunken by only us.”
He felt the figure proceeded to throw him with great strength in the air that landed on the dirt ground. Teorjer lay on the ground watching the figure advance towards him, while breathing hard. He sensed grass stalks came shooting out of the ground as bodies came punching out roaring. Teorjer stiffened as the bodies grabbed him and raised him up to a standing position. He could see others like the figure standing around him roaring. 
The figure held a hand and they stopped their roaring as the figure spoke “He drank the water, which is sacred to us and must be punished.” 
Teorjer saw the figure came walking forwards to stand in front of him putting clawed hands on his head and spoke “You will suffer for that.” 
Teorjer felt something like a zapping jolt on his head coming from the figure’s hands and jerked in response and felt he let go. Then he was yanked towards the ground by one of the figure’s minions. He saw one of them go into the earth like it was water pulling him into the ground. Teorjer jerked in response pulling self above ground resisting the minion pulling him. He sensed other minions pushing his back as his hands went into the ground pulled by the minion. Teorjer kept his mouth shut trying not to panic as his arms followed the hands and he felt his feet followed his hands going underground as he struggled. Soon only his head was sticking above ground and the pulling stopped. 
Teorjer sensed the figure leaned his head till it was near his and spoke “Go to the depths, where you belong for drinking our water.” 
With a clawed hand on top of Teorjer’s head, he felt the hand push his head into the ground and he resisted the urge to scream keeping his mouth shut as the dirt piled over him. 
Teorjer’s thought before the dirt surrounding him covered his nose and face “This is what I fear, being buried alive.”
Teorjer forced himself to accept his fear of being buried alive. He felt himself completely submerged felt the earth was like water surrounding him with rocks and floated lying on his side. He heard a noise above him and punched his fist up climbing out of the dirt where he lay.  
He came out of the earth to stand facing the figure who spoke “You, of all the Humans, we have been talking to, isn’t afraid.” 
Teorjer widen his eyes with shock as the figure spoke again “I am called Kurpanov for we are the Surrai. This was our domain before they arrived exiling him, PX5 with his people and their machinery here.”
Kurpanov he saw pointed a clawed hand at a figure standing at the sides which he recognized to be a staring in space male Narashia. 
Kurpanov he heard continued speaking “Our Human like face form is what we look like before PX5’s arrival and changed us to them.”
Teorjer heard the anger in Kurpanov’s voice and spoke to the Surrai “Do you know who are they that PX5 is referring to that won’t let him out?”
Kurpanov he heard answered pointing in another direction “They appeared to look like that.”
Teorjer looked at what he was pointing at with a frown recognizing the figure with a groan. The figure he saw was a male Highlander with golden eyes and pointed ears was wearing robes of a High Council member. He could see a round orb imbedded in the forehead of the Highlander he figured was a life delayer scarab machinery. 
He recognized the species as Humanian Highlander hybrids and figured to himself thinking "The High Council must be doing experiments to keep themselves living forever."
He groaned again as Kurpanov gave him a glare as further information about the High Council processed into his mind. 
He recognized one of the information told him "Kill one High Council group another takes their place."
Teorjer spoke “I know who they are and I’m aware of their trickery.”
Kurpanov he saw stared at him with an intense stare and said “PX5 was heard saying ‘You’re different from the other Humans.’ What did he meant by that?” 
Teorjer answered sounding firm “I was created to help a male named Horus, Son of Osiris who is under control of the Narashia or should I say PX5.”
He saw Kurpanov continued to stare at him then his eyes widen as he spoke “You’re a part of Osiris and his brother Set as joined into one form as a Human but that's impossible.”
Teorjer spoke recalling the High Council's experiments onto bodies of the dead to create living historical records of Humania fully in his mind “Nothing is impossible with them creating others.” 
He pointed to the Highlander figure dressed in robes of the High Council.
He added feeling that he needed to lie to help give hope to the Surrai preventing the great war “They have been disappeared by Horus’ hand ending their rule.”
Kurpanov asked him “Will you help free us from PX5?”
He spoke using the truth this time “I will help but what can I do, for I’m only one among thousands of you under his control.” 
Kurpanov spoke “Remember the Narashia who burst in flame?”
Teorjer nodded his head as Kurpanov continued speaking “He was destroyed for being a rebel spreading words among the others about PX5. PX5 is quick to be angry and is taking out his anger on the Narashia by destroying those who won’t do his orders.” 
Teorjer spoke “Will destroying PX5 help free them?” 
Kurpanov stared at him with a shocked expression seen spoke “That has never been tried before for we believe that destroying PX5 will end us to extinction for we are linked by minds.” 
Teorjer groaned some sound as Kurpanov added “Help the Humans get some sleep will you?”
Teorjer nodded and closed his eyes".
Booing and hissing sounded again which Jason grimaced feeling Brianna again fisted his arm. He shifted to eye one of the Hayu seated leaning against a log that was between the stages of childhood and adult that was looking bored by the expression on the Human like face. Jason gave the Hayu he heard dubbing himself Trian despite Brianna claiming his name was odd a glare. 
He heard silence from the Hayu in response to see Nikolas shake Trian on the shoulder and thump him while speaking "It's your turn to tell the story Trian so talk."
Trian he saw gave off groaning noises only to hear from the offsprings chattering "Tell us the story Trianny!"
Jason sighed from the nickname of Trianny as Trian straightened up his form and spoke "Trian sat leaning against the cave wall while sitting on the bench, trying not to sleep, watching Teorjer. He saw Teorjer woke up with a gasp. 
Teorjer he eyed with a frown stood up and yelled “I will not let fear control me when I sleep!”
Trian sat up watching Teorjer pace back and forth yelling out “To the depths with the nightmares! They can’t harm me when I sleep!”
He groaned as Teorjer went back to the bench and sat on it and closed his eyes. He felt himself too tired to stay away closed his eyes letting sleep overcome him. In his dream he was in a stood in a vast arid dry arid field with cracks in the ground as far as the eye could see devoid of life. Trian groaned at the familiar scene as the sun shined rays beating down on him. He heard a familiar roaring sound saw the scene change to be a forest with the moon shining and followed the sound of lapping water. He again groaned for he felt thirstiness and went to drink from the water, using his hands as a cup. 
Then Trian stood and waited as a familiar figure came walking forwards from behind a tree speaking the same words “You should not have drunken the water, for you will suffer my wrath.” 
Before he could react, the figure charged at him, grabbing him with a clawed hand on the neck, raising him up.
The figure spoke again “The water is sacred and must be drunken by only us.”
He felt the figure proceeded to throw him with great strength in the air. As he landed on the ground the scene changed to show a Drainer's Throne room. 
Trian stood facing the Drainer King who was sitting in a bony chair who spoke words Trian automatically understood “You are to disappear drained by my people. Strip this Human and do it.” 
He stood staring at the Drainer King as he felt his clothes ripped off of his form showing his nakedness. He kept his eyes on the Drainer King as the Drainers attacked his body biting him with their mouths with their hands on his chest. He felt himself nervous unexpectedly but didn't let himself fall into his trap of fear. Trian didn’t protest as the scene changed and he was floating underwater while wearing his clothes back on his body. He heard a roaring sound and put his feet down hitting the bottom of the lake and stood up in the knee deep water. He saw the familiar figure standing there watching him at the banks of the lake and walked out of the water to stand next to the figure. 
Trian heard the figure speak “You aren’t afraid for we have been trying to contact you Humans.” 
He widened his eyes of shock as the figure continued “I am called Kurpanov for we are the Surrai. This was our domain before they arrived exiling him, PX5 with his people and their machinery here. We used to look like this before he arrived creating the Narashia.”
Trian frowned staring at Kurpanov who pointed speaking “This is they, the ones PX5 is referring to, and that won’t let him out.” 
Trian looked at what Kurpanov was pointing at with a shocked look recognizing the figure. The figure, Trian saw was a male Highlander with golden eyes and pointed ears was wearing robes of a High Council member and had a round orb imbedded in the forehead. 
Trian spoke recalling himself fully in mind “My mother is Tia, a Drainer, and PX5’s sister.” 
He saw Kurpanov stare at him with a shocked expression on his Human like face. 
Trian added rolling his sleeve on his left arm at the elbow, “She has marked me on the wrist with her name in the same language on PX5’s tube.” 
Kurpanov he noticed took a step forward towards him looking at his left wrist where the word “Tia” was seen scrawled sideways on it. 
Kurpanov spoke “have you shown the mark to PX5?”
Trian shook his head in a Human no gesture and he spoke “I’ve been trying for the chains’ manacles cover the mark completely. PX5 won’t let me free of the manacles for me to show it to him despite me telling him that I’m her son. He won’t believe me or my words, for he is too angry.” 
Kurpanov he heard hissed a breath and asked “Do you know who your father is?”
Trian replied “From what mother told me another member of a different species, which she won’t tell me the species or who he is.” 
Kurpanov stared at him and spoke “Close your eyes, Human for your about to be waken.” 
Trian obeyed. 
He woke up to feel hands on his arm while being shaken awake and looked at Teorjer who spoke “The Narashia are here asking for us to come out of this cell.”
Trian got up and with Teorjer left the cell with two of the Narashia putting chains on them and escorting them through a maze of caves. The group went through a cave opening to walk on the familiar large metal gangplank bridge in a huge cave area. Trian groaned some sound seeing the Narashia down below as Teorjer frowned. 
Trian spoke “What purpose is their existence for him?”
He noticed Teorjer looking at him as the four walked on the gangplank and added “My mother is Tia, a Drainer, his sister. I have a mark on my left wrist with her name matching the writing in the tube he is in.”
He saw the Narashia escorting him look at each other. 
Trian saw Teorjer nod his head and speak “Interesting, who is your father?”
Trian replied “Mother refuses to say despite me asking her. She only said that he is of another species other than Drainer and Human.” 
Trian and escorts reached the end of the gangplank bridge and entered a cave opening and the four went through a maze of cave hallways then reached another large cave. He glared seeing the familiar stairs leading down the room towards large tubes with wires attached to the cave ceiling. The two Narashia escorted the Humans down the stairs. They passed by tubes and the group abruptly stopped at a set of stairs leading towards a familiar large cylinder-"
Trian was interrupted by another Hayu speaking "Teorjer stiffened seeing Nikolas standing in front of the tube with arms folded. A manacle was around his neck with a chain attached to the bottom of the tube. Nikolas, Teorjer could see had the same smirking angry look on his face and he was growling loudly. 
PX5 floating in the tube behind him cocked his head in a greeting as Trian was heard speaking “What’s going on?”
One of the Narashia was heard “Says do you like my new pet Nikolas?”
Teorjer spoke realizing the danger of Nikolas kept there “I wouldn’t keep him there.” 
The Narashia spoke ignoring his voice tone “Says Nikolas is under my control, and will do my bidding.” 
Nikolas at the moment walked down the steps till he was halfway straining against the taut chain while waving his arms he saw.
Teorjer asked “Why is he acting that way?”
The Narashia replied “Says he is hungry to feed and you will provide that.”"
Jason heard Trian interrupted speaking "You bloody bastard had to interrupt me with your story-"
He saw Brianna march over him with anger sensed from her to thump a fist onto his arm making him grimaced seeing that. 
Trian spoke "What's with the hitting me Brianna? Jason can't you tell your mate friend to quit hitting you and now hitting Hayu?"
Jason groaned softly as there were boos and hisses sounded again followed by Brianna speaking loudly "Watch your language Trian! It's not appropriate for offsprings to hear!"
He grimaced as Brianna wound up marching up towards him to thump her fist onto his shoulder and giving him a glaring stare in response. 
He sighed recognizing the glare on her Human like face spoke "Shouldn't we be doing something else?"
Booing and hissing answered him by all the Hayu including Nikolas the Hayu's leader who he saw was waving fists aimed at his direction. 
He gulped and spoke "Fine I take that as a no. Brianna go sit down and Trian continue on your story before this rude interruption happened."
He eyed Brianna who formed a look he recognized as disgust fully on her face followed by eyeing her to sit down on the log next to him. 
He shifted to eye Trian in response who spoke "Trian abruptly felt himself pushed forwards and he walked up the steps towards Nikolas who licked his lips while growling some sound. 
Trian spoke as he walked up towards Nikolas “Dan, your name is Dan not PX5.” 
He kept his eyes on the figure in the tube that narrowed his eyes and fisted one of his hands raising it up.
The Narashia asked “Says how you knew of my actual name?”
Trian reached Nikolas who grabbed him and pulled him further up the steps till he was face to face with PX5 floating in the tube. 
The Narashia again said “Says answer the question, Human.” 
Trian stared at the male in the tube face to face who leaned his head closer towards him while moving his mouth in response. 
The Narashia spoke “Says who you think you are?”
Trian answered holding up a manacled left wrist “I’m Tia’s son. She told me of you including your name. Mother also marked me with her name on my left wrist which matches the writing on the tube your in.” 
He saw PX5 shake his head in anger while fisting both hands while moving his mouth as the Narashia spoke “Says you expect me to believe that?”
Trian spoke “Your pet should be able to keep me from harming you if I show you the mark.”
He felt Nikolas growl and sensed him put a hand on his chest. Trian didn’t groan during the haze as Nikolas bit his neck sucking on the blood from within. Then Nikolas was felt licked the puncture marks closed and proceeded to lift him up with a hand on his neck. Trian gagged as Nikolas threw him down the stairs which he landed at the Narashia’s feet with a thump on the ground. 
Groaning Trian got up with Teorjer’s help as the Narashia spoke “Says you don’t know Tia like do for she would never have a Human child.”
Trian spoke to that remark “My name is Trian.”"
Boing and hissing sounded again as Jason spoke loudly "Nikolas why don't you continue on this story anyway?"
He eyed Nikolas the Hayu's leader who spoke for both Nikolas's and Teorjer's points of views in the story as the Hayu obeyed speaking "Teorjer noticed the look on PX5 change from anger to shock and saw the Narashia standing besides the Humans, grip their heads with their clawed hands. 
Teorjer saw as the Narashia lowered their hands, anger returned to PX5’s face as one of the Narashia spoke “Says tell me who is your father.” 
Trian replied “I don’t know. Mother refuses to tell me whenever I asked her. She only told me that he is of another species other than Drainer or Human.” 
Teorjer saw PX5 wave a hand and the two Narashia proceeded to pull the two Humans out of the cavernous room towards a maze of caves. Once again they reached the cavernous with the gangplank in it.  
Teorjer spoke as they were walking on the gangplank “Trian, I don’t understand why your mother would hide your father’s existence from you.”
Trian spoke “I don’t either.”"
Jason once again heard the booing and hissing to hear growling nonsense sounds from Brianna which he spoke "Who among the Hayu hasn't spoken so talk?"
He heard in response "The drone paused from digging and looked up at the gangplank to see two Hayu escorted by two of his kind, with interest. 
He concentrated lip reading one of them speak “Trian, I don’t understand why your mother would hide your father’s existence from you.” 
The drone’s golden eyes widen of shock as the other Hayu spoke “I don’t either.” 
The drone felt a hand on his armored shoulder and looked at his companion who abruptly pulled his hand away seeing the look in the drone’s eyes. The companion clamped a clawed hand on the drone’s mouth shaking his head with a Hayu gesture of no. The drone nodded his head in a Hayu gesture of yes getting the message. 
The companion spoke “You go to the water for your looking tired.” 
The drone nodded his head and walked away. He could see others of his kind look up with fear in their eyes from their digging. 
The drone heard his companion shout “No talking for he detects us by our words!
The drone like the others grabbed his head feeling a headache come on as his companion burst in a ball of fire shattering apart. With a groan the drone walked among the others of his kind who looked at him with fear in their eyes and continued doing their business. The drone walked towards a cave opening in the wall and walked through it, walking through a maze of caves. He came upon the Queen with her escorts in a cave and automatically kneeled on one knee in her presence. The Queen he grimaced froze from walking to put a hand pulling the drone to a standing position. The Queen he saw stared at the drone that bravely looked in her golden eyes. The Queen he frowned to eye looked up at the ceiling of the cave and grabbed him hauling him with her. They reached a cave entrance which the Queen gestured towards her escort and pointed a clawed hand up. The escort walked into the cave entrance while looking up. The escort shook his head and the Queen hauled the drone into the cave which had a gated arch in the middle of the room. The drone sensed the Queen laid a hand over his eyes as an image came to his mind’s eye. Then the Queen let go and the drone nodded his head getting the message. The gated arch flashed as the drone walked through it. The drone came out of a gate in the shining sun of a forest clearing automatically kneeled and closed his eyes waiting. Then he heard voices and opened his eyes, the sun was lower and there were a group of Hayu on his right side staring at him with their arms folded. They were jabbering in a foreign language. The drone heard a roaring sound and the jabbering stopped as figures arrived into the clearing. 
The drone felt hands grab his arms from two of the figures and raised him in a standing position as one of the figures spoke a language which the drone understood “Who the Gods is this fool and why is he here?”
The drone recognized the figure spoke pointing at figures with his clawed hand “Kurpanov, Yugadin, Nemovsky, Trevor.”" 
Jason exhaled a breath hearing booing and hissing sounding again as Brianna was heard continuing on keeping up her growling noises. 
He groaned softly to speak loudly "Who cares to speak the story speak it now!"
He heard a Hayu speaking in response "Kurpanov snarled some sound hearing the new visitor speak his name along with the names of the other Surrai. 
Kurpanov spoke “Who is this visitor and how did he know our names?”
The visitor responded in the same language to his shock “Your Surrai like we used to be.” 
Kurpanov snarled out “Used to be Surrai?”
One of the Humans spoke Kurpanov heard “His hands are the same as yours.” 
The visitor held up his clawed hands which the Surrai stared with shock to see it was the same as the Surrai’s clawed hands. 
The visitor Kurpanov heard spoke “We were Surrai before PX5 and his people arrived at our home and changed us. My form is what we Surrai appear now.” 
At the name of PX5, Trevor grumbled in anger, noticed by Kurpanov who spoke “Kneel and let me read your mind and see for myself.” 
The visitor kneeled and Kurpanov put his clawed hands on the drone’s head closing his eyes. The Surrai were sensed watched as emotions arrived on Kurpanov’s face who formed various looks 
Then the Surrai Leader spoke “What this visitor says is true for I see it clear in his mind. There is also this male named Trian.” 
Trevor grumbled in anger roared some sound waving his arms stomping he heard. 
Kurpanov spoke after removing his hands from the visitor calling himself a Narashia's head “Why so upset Trevor-”
He was interrupted by a loud voice speaking “There's a stranger here!"
The voice repeated the words which Kurpanov yelled “Elementals, the Stranger was Surrai!”
Kurpanov and the Surrai including the visitor watched as a large ball of the combination water, electricity and wind arrived from the ground into the clearing. The ball dissolved revealing the three elementals that stood in a row staring at Kurpanov and others. 
The voice of the elementals spoke in a loud voice he heard “Come here Kurpanov!” 
Kurpanov obeyed walking towards the three and kneeled. He sensed himself watched as the three put their hands on his head and stared at him as information from the Narashia processed fully within his mind he didn't recognized but felt confusion. 
Trevor was heard growling loudly as the Elemental's blaring voice spoke again “Trian is your son, Trevor.”
Kurpanov shifted to eyed Trevor with a glare of accusation as the Surrai male noticed the others staring at him with a range of emotions on their faces. 
Trevor angrily spoke Kurpanov heard “I do have a son, Trian.” 
The voice of the elementals spoke he heard “The visitor will take you to your son, Trevor."
Kurpanov stood up and spoke feeling he had an enough of the Elementals' scanning him “Visitor, take him to Trian.” 
The visitor nodded his head as Trevor walked forward towards him with Kurpanov walking towards them. 
Once reaching the visitor, Trevor stood as Kurpanov spoke “Keep self safe, brother dear.”
Trevor he saw nodded his head and together the visitor went through the gate." 
Jason heard Brianna gave up a loud roaring sound of anger which he clamped a black hand over her mouth cutting her off. He again heard the familiar booing and hissing sounds again. 
Jason spoke loudly "Trian continue on the story this time. Hopefully there won't be any interruptions."
He glared at Trian who groaned and spoke "Trian sat in the cell with a thinking Teorjer lost in his thoughts. He heard the gate to the cell open and looked to see a figure came walking inside as Teorjer looked. The gate to the cell closed behind the figure that stood watching them. 
Teorjer he heard remarked seeing the visitor “A Surrai before the change.”
The Surrai with his black colored hair in a pulled back neat ponytail stood staring at him with some awareness in his Human like face. Trian frowned as the Surrai male walked forwards pointing at his left wrist. The Surrai he saw turned around and kneeled pulling up his ponytail showing the back of his neck. Trian gasped seeing writing on the neck area and got up to take a closer look. He stiffened seeing the marking was the same as the marking on his left wrist. 
Trian heard Teorjer speak “Could he be according to that writing, your father?”
Trian frowned and went to stand in front of the kneeling Surrai who stared at him with a pleasant look on his face. 
The Surrai spoke words Trian found himself automatically understanding “You must be Trian. The name is Trevor.” 
Trian stiffened hearing the word Trevor and spoke to Teorjer “Mother mentioned my father’s name as Trevor.” 
With a sigh, Trian leaned forwards and gave the kneeling Surrai a hug with his arms. The Surrai wrapped his arms around Trian in response hugging him. "
Jason groaned as there were booing and hissing sounded again.
He mentally thought to himself "What will get the Hayu to quit their annoying noises?"
He glared at Nikolas in response who noticing his glare spoke "Nikolas lay on the ground next to the tube asleep with his mask still on his chest. In his dream he was in an arid dry field devoid on life with the sun shining down on him. He could see mountains in the distance and walked towards them. Then the scene changed to show a forest with a pond lake. 
Nikolas stood as a figure stepped from behind the tree and spoke “Hello No Face.” 
He gasped in recognition seeing Kurpanov who spoke “Only you can free us from PX5 and free him.” 
Nikolas protested in a whiny voice “That would mean extinction for your kind. I saw how he controls you with his anger.” 
Kurpanov spoke “The Narashia must die for others to survive. You know his intents for us?”
Nikolas replied “Yes, for war.” 
Kurpanov he saw pointed at a figure and said “PX5 is angry at them. They locked him in the tube despite his pleas to be free.” 
Nikolas looked to see where Kurpanov was pointing and saw a Highlander with a jewel on his forehead while wearing robes of a High Council member. 
Groaning some sound of disgust, Nikolas remarked “Oh the Gods.” 
Kurpanov spoke “Close your eyes and wake up and remember your mission, Nikolas.”" 
Jason grimaced hearing the Hayu's familiar noises as he glared at one of the manoids he saw wasn't Hayu by the form with a glare. He spotted a Banshee standing behind the manoid dubbing himself Dan who's antennas as Brianna shifted up. He saw black beady eyes focused onto him then onto Nikolas he saw was glaring at him. 
Dan he eyed spoke in a groaning tone "PX5 growled while in the tube with his eyes closed. He had sensed the new visitor’s arrival and heard his words spoken. He opened his eyes to face Nikolas who had his hands and head on the tube staring at him with an accusing look. 
PX5 moved his mouth speaking words he assumed that Nikolas heard in his head “What do you want now?”
Nikolas he saw with annoyance running through him continued staring and licked his lips. 
PX5 mentally spoke “Narashia, send me the new visitor with the two Hayu. Nikolas needs to feed now.” 
PX5 gave Nikolas a glare and told him “Go sit on the steps Nikolas.”
Nikolas he saw obeyed to move and with an accusing look in his face went to sit on the steps. PX5 concentrated onto the Narashia answering his summoning order-"
Dan halted his talk cutting himself off to dart running away Jason saw was followed by a Banshee. Jason removed his hand from Brianna's mouth who gave him a teeth baring look. 
He spoke "Whoever cares finish the story."
He heard in response "The gate to the cell opened and one of the two Narashia standing there spoke “You three get out.”
Trian with Teorjer and Trevor walked out and each was giving chain manacles to wear on their wrists. The two Narashia escorted the three through a maze of caves till they reached the gangplank in a cavernous area. Trian looked at Trevor who growled some sound seeing the scene down below the gangplank as they walked on it. The Narashia down below looked up to from their work to see the new visitor then resumed working.
Teorjer spoke to Trian and Trevor “Appears that PX5 is controlling them with his anger according to the looks on the faces of his people and himself.” 
Trian and the males reached the end of the cave and walked pass a maze of caves till they reached the cave that held the tubes. Trevor he heard made a Human sound of disgust as he saw the tubes and their occupants. Trian and group reached the steps where PX5 was floating in his tube-"
Jason heard Trian get interrupted by Nikolas speaking loudly "Teorjer noticed the accusing look on Nikolas’ face and whispered to himself “It is he who’ll free them.”
One of the Narashia was heard spoke “Says you, the new visitor must be Trevor.”
At Trevor’s snarl he heard the Narashia continued speaking “Says I hear everything said here and you will do my bidding, Trevor.” 
Trevor’s response was to growl as Teorjer spoke “Why haven’t you bothered to use them to free you from your torments?”
The Narashia spoke in response to his question “Says I’m not tormented now for I’m fine.”
Teorjer spoke from information processing within is mind unexpectedly on PX5 “No your not, for you were locked in the tube by the High Council.” 
He saw PX5’s hands turn into fists and added “The High Council has disappeared by Nikolas’ hand. Your safe from them now, they cannot harm you.” 
Nikolas he saw at the moment stood up and walked towards the tube holding PX5 with his accusing look in his face. Nikolas turned around to stand next to the tube with his hands in fists with a look he recognized on his face was something else other than smirking accusation. 
The Narashia spoke “Says how you knew of this?”
Teorjer noticing Trian and Trevor looking at him spoke “I’m aware of the High Council and their trickery including what they did to you.” 
The Narashia protested speaking “Says unbelievable!”
Teorjer replied in response “You said it yourself; I’m different from the other Humans.” 
He saw PX5’s face turn to shock as the Narashia bent down in pain he yelled “Now!”
Nikolas he saw swung around bringing his fists through the tube shattering the clear glass in pieces and liquid came spilling out. PX5 was heard screamed in pain yelling as he sensed one of the Narashia stood up and proceeded to take off the chains off the wrists of Trian, Trevor and himself. He saw the Narashia’s companion run up the steps as Nikolas yanked PX5 out of the tube. The Narashia proceeded to take the chain manacle off of Nikolas’ neck before falling towards the ground with a thud with form still. Nikolas he saw pulled his mask back on his face and lifted a still naked PX5 and ran down the stairs towards him and the other two males.
Trevor yelled he heard “I know the way out, follow me!”
The caves rumbled shaking as Teorjer with Nikolas carrying an unconscious PX5 and Trian and Trevor in the lead ran out of the room just in time as there were explosions of fire behind them. 
Trian yelled he heard as they ran out of the room “The other Humans, we must save them!”
Trevor yelled he heard loudly “Their already freed and is escaping through the gate!”
Trevor he followed led the group through mazes of shaking and rumbling caves with dirt and rocks dropping in their path. The group with Teorjer reached a cave opening to see the gate flashing as Humans ran in it. The group with Teorjer ran into the gate disappearing just in time as fire filled the cave."
Once again the booing and hissing sounded making Jason disgusted as Brianna was heard giving off a growling sound sensing she was annoyed with the noises. 
He spoke loudly "Can't one of you tell a story without one of you giving off this awful noises in reaction to the storyteller?"
Jason heard in response "The gate keeper with antennas on his Human like face of the Monarch species standing next to the console on Rakcara sounded the horn. 
He spoke through a microphone “Entry unknown and it’s punching through despite my attempts to stop it.” 
The Rakcaran pharaoh sitting on the dais spoke singing as the Drainer translated his words “Says let them through but raises the shields.” 
The gate keeper nodded and pressed a button on the console and ducked down as a ball of fire came through roaring through the gate. The ball was seen went around the stadium in a circle manipulated by the shields and went to the exit gate entering it. 
The Pharaoh sang which the Drainer spoke “Says gate keeper, what’s going on?”
The gate keeper stood up and fluffed his retractable wings behind his back spoke “According to the monitors a gate has been destroyed.” 
The crowd gasped as they muttered their shock hearing the gate keeper's words."
Jason groaned softly as he again heard the booing and hissing sounds to find Dan was back seated on a log looking like he wasn't happy being there. He eyed behind Dan was a Banshee who had arms folded. 
He groaned softly as he heard in response to the noises "Nikolas stood in the High Council’s gate room. He had felt PX5 awaken and went where PX5 went through. He stood holding PX5 who groaned some sound of pain in Nikolas’ arms with his eyes closed. He felt the gate behind him flash as a figure came through and he whirled around. He gasped of recognition seeing the figure was Edenia who had a Surrai like Human look on her face and golden eyes dressed in green dress of Mahalia from the description who stood staring at the two. 
Edenia spoke words Nikolas understood “Hold him while I’ll put a device like your wearing on your arm, on his arm.” 
He obeyed frowning for her voice tone reminded him of Tala as she walked forwards and tied on a device on PX5’s arm. PX5 he saw kept his eyes closed while still groaning sounds of pain. 
Edenia spoke “The device will take you to Edenia where I live and the Banshees there will help heal his mind.” 
Nikolas nodded his head in understanding. The gate flashed as the three went through. Nikolas stood in a dirt clearing still holding PX5 with the gate behind him surrounded by trees. The sun was shining rays on them through the trees as Edenia standing next to them howled some call. There was a roaring sound as the bushes moved and Nikolas saw a Banshee stepped through the bushes staring at them. He squatted till PX5’s bare legs were touching the ground while still held in his arms. He watched PX5’s face, as he took a small amount of dirt and placed the pile in one the male’s hands. He stared at PX5 whose face stopped being of pain and shook his head opening his black beady like eyes staring with a wide eyed look at the forests of tress around them. Nikolas watched as PX5’s antennas on the top of his head went up switching and saw him sniff the air while the dirt slipped through one of his hands. 
Nikolas heard PX5 mumble in Drainer language “Why couldn’t they have granted my request?”
Then he heard PX5 mumble out while looking unseeing at his masked face “I want to see my sister Tia.” 
Nikolas looked at Edenia who nodded in some Human gesture of yes. She wound up handing him some gonoid skins which he helped put on PX5’s form. Then Nikolas raised PX5, holding him still mumbling to himself closing his eyes and walked through the gate behind them which flashed with Edenia sensed following them-"
Jason heard a Hayu interrupt "Tia sat mumbling to herself while rocking in the wheelchair as she sat in the Drainer throne room. 
She barely heard the Drainer medic speak “Tia is still the same. Nothing can bring her out of this. What do you recommend, Kingship?”
The King was heard spoke “Make her disappear, she has suffered enough.”
The female Drainer nodded her head and there was a flash of lightening from one of the openings to the room-" 
Trian, Jason eyed interrupted "Trian came walking out of the flash of lightening with Trevor behind him into the Drainers' throne room for their King. 
Trian spoke to the growling Drainers “I brought my father.” 
He saw Torrin standing there speaking words which the Drainer King spoke words. 
Trian patiently waited as Torrin spoke “See that the Surrai can bring Tia out of this.”
Torrin added as Trian’s eyes widen of shock hearing that “We’re aware of who and what your father is for it was Tia’s wish to keep this hidden which we honor.” 
Trian went to his mother and wrapped his arms around her shoulders as his father picked up one of her hands. 
Trian spoke “Mother, I said I would find father and bring him to you whom I have.” 
He sensed Tia stop her rocking and plopped a hand on his which was around her shoulders. 
He stiffened as she grabbed his face with one of her hands and ranted in Summeran while rocking in the chair “Save Dan, save him!”
Then she he saw let go of his face and groaned loudly closing her eyes shaking her head as one of the openings to the room flashed lightening. He saw Nikolas holding a mumbling out of it PX5 and a female Human with greenery colored dress in feminine curves stood in the room watching the Drainers growl at the three. 
Trian loudly spoke “It’s Dan, Tia’s brother.”
His words were translated by Torrin which the Drainers in the room stopped their growling. Nikolas he watched stepped forwards carrying PX5 towards his sister who stopped her rocking to stare at the two. Trian watched as Nikolas held PX5 inches from Tia who reached with her hand and did a finger walking motion on her brother’s leg with her fingers going up and down-"
Nikolas interrupted "Nikolas felt PX5 shook his head opening his eyes to look at his sister sense him move his head forwards towards her once seeing her. 
Tia he saw pointed to her neck and tapped three times which PX5 spoke “Tia.”
Nikolas exhaled a breath as Tia spoke sounding out of it "Dan it's nice to see you again. Trevor, take me home now."
He heard a whining squeal sounding familiar to hear Drainers' growling noises to find a bony being that reminded him of the Banshee but this time had a Human like face with golden Human eyes and long hair similar styled like his. 
He frowned eyeing the being with distaste running through him as the being spoke in Summeran he heard "Trian, your father is here to take your mother back to the planetary world where's she's from. She's not from Shadan actually but from Trevor's world is where she belongs." 
He eyed Trian in response while still holding PX5 who started mumbling he heard was about letting him out of being contained in a tube again. 
He saw Trian look upset who spoke "Why can't I come with them?"
Nikolas frowned inwardly as he eyed the bony being in response to notice that it was in a male form in a yellow color with muscles peeking who spoke sounding firm "Trian, your connected to this planetary world Shadan via one of the species that is keeping you alive for a lengthy time period. The connection is reason why you'll die if you leave Shadan. I must regret to inform you that it'll be the last time you'll see your father and mother. Your father cannot come to this world again and the same with your mother. They'll die next time they come to here. Shadan laid down the law this time. She doesn't want them on her planetary ground."
Nikolas eyed Trian who looked like he was in shock as Trevor hugged the male not resisting to that. He sighed seeing Trian looked out of it upset who kneeled after Trevor let go to see the male had bloody red tears spilling from his eyes. He groaned softly as Trevor he watched unstopped picked up Tia and carried her in his arms towards one of the room's entrances to disappear in a flash of light once underneath its gated arch. Nikolas didn't say a word instead straightened up his form while still holding PX5 to eye the bony being who spoke addressing Edenia "Take Dan to your world and heal him. Shadan says he needs you to heal him before he can return to here. He belongs to Shadan actually." 
He saw Edenia nod her head followed by gesturing towards him to follow which he obeyed still carrying Dan one of the room's entrances to go through coming out of a metal gated arch surrounded by a forest of trees."
Jason heard Nikolas paused who he saw shifted to glare at Dan he stiffening realizing that their Dan and the Dan in the story was the same person who appeared to gulp from the staring. 
He focused onto Dan as if drawn who spoke in a groaning tone "Dan felt Nikolas placed him onto the ground which he curled up into a ball while digging his hands onto the area ignoring anything all around him. 
He heard Edenia speaking loudly "Nikolas what lesson did you learn from the destruction of the Narashia hmm?"
Dan groaned from hearing Edenia's words as Nikolas spoke "Anger isn't good to let yourself be controlled of am I right on that?'
Dan kept on groaning as Edenia was heard sounding firm "And Nikolas what else?"
He heard in response from Nikolas "Anger makes one blind to seeing things. The person is not aware of what their doing in their raging angry mood hitting them hence destruction caused.""
Jason heard silence from Dan after he spoke his words as there was silence from the Hayu. 
He felt Brianna's fist hit him on the shoulder followed she giving him a glaring stare which he spoke "Brianna go take a walk if you're furious about something. I can't help you with whatever's got you in a hissy fit enough to fist me repeatedly. So talk on what it is now Brianna." 
He glared at her as she in response got up and eyed her pacing out of the circle of logs surrounding the eater fire which he focused onto Nikolas as if drawn. 

Part seven: Terrania
Nikolas he heard spoke "There was a flash of lightening in the ship’s cafeteria open door entrance as Nikolas arrived through. He saw Teorjer and others in the room stand up when they saw him. Nikolas had his eyes only on Georgina who ran toward him in anger.
He roared yanking off his mask showing anger on his face, despite her surprised look on her face and yelled “Anger controlled your father, Georgina!”
Before she could retort, Nikolas opened his mouth and roared some nonsense sound at his female who stood with her arms to the sides staring at him with shock. 
Isis sitting nearby with Teorjer was heard “What-”
Teorjer interrupted he overheard “He finally gets it and understands.”
Teorjer noticed the questioning look on Isis’ face added “Anger can control a person.” 
Isis he saw nodded her head understanding Teorjer’s words. They watched as Nikolas stomped towards Georgina who stood staring at him while roaring some nonsense sound of anger. 
Georgina Teorjer saw stood watching an angry Nikolas stomped towards her and stood as he grabbed her head with his hands yelling out “Anger controls people and don’t you forget it!”
Then before Georgina could react he had lowered his face onto hers kissing her on the lips."
Jason heard groaning sounds loudly interrupting Nikolas who formed a glare on his face and spoke "So? It's what I dreamed so take it or leave it Hayu."
He sighed recalling the Hayu had an ability to dream of other people's lives elsewhere than on Edenia as if they were actually living that life themselves. 
He glared at the Banshee as if drawn to hear from Dan speaking sounding of pain in the voice tone "In the stadium on Rakcara, the Pharaoh sang words translated by the Drainer “Says to the triplet Cauldrons, come down from there and show yourself.” 
The lights went out and the crowd saw a ball of fire go around the stadium in a circle then flew up in the air splitting apart in three. The sun came up from the sky in fast movement lighting up the stadium then the sky went back to night as the lights came back on showing three giant cauldrons that reached the stadium height standing in a row facing the High Council's dais. 
The crowd taunted insults at the cauldrons as the Pharaoh sang which the Drainer said “Says surprise.” 
As balls of fire surrounded the three cauldrons from the bottom of them and then the lights went out. The lights of the stadium came back on showing three rings of fire in place of where the cauldrons stood. 
The Pharaoh again sang words said by the Drainer “Says that should teach them not to bring the killing cold again.”
The crowd murmured their approval." 
He heard booing and hissing sounding of Hayu as he eyed Dan who formed a glare and spoke "I'm just repeating what the Banshee behind me is blaring to me in my mind so cut it with the noises now!"
He heard the firmness of Dan's voice tone to hear the familiar booing and hissing stop as Dan continued talking still using a pained voice tone "The night sky on Terrania over a forest lit up in daylight as three figures fell from the sky only to be caught by plant stems of a large moving plant. 
One of the figures coughed and spoke in a male voice “Ouch that hurts worse than your plague, Plague.”
The second figure spoke in a male voice “Owe, look where we’re in. Sword please frees us.” 
The third figure Sword in a male voice spoke “Plague, I can’t move my arm it’s trapped and I’m in pain worse than Famine here.”
The first figure Famine shook his long browned haired head and groaned some sound. The plant lowered them towards the ground and the three men looked to see a small figure reach through the plant stems touching each of them with a hand.
Sword shook his long blonde haired head and spoke “Why I feel better.”
Plague looked around shaking his long blonde haired head watching as the small figure ran away in the moonlight and spoke “The figure’s a girl.” 
The girl ran in the moonlight pass bushes and trees till she reached a male figure sleeping sitting up leaning against the tree. She touched a hand on the male’s arm that sneezed and opened black beady eyes on a Human like face to stare at her as he moved his long black hair out of his face. 
She stared back at him with her Human like face with brown hair pulled back in a tail and all white eyes as the figure asked groaning in a male voice “Life, why must you do that repeatedly?”
The girl, Life spoke in a childish female voice “Death, Merra kid caught three men. I healed them but Merra kid won’t free the men.” 
Death groaned and got up staggering moaning out “King Winter when will you free me?”
Death saw Life gestured with a hand and followed her through the forests of trees and bushes till they reached the moving plant where the three men trapped among the stems held by the leaves. 
Death spoke “Merra kid, free those three now.” 
The plant obeyed lowering the three men towards the ground and let go of them. Death stared to see that the men were dressed like him wearing grey pants, boots and a long sleeve grey top. Their hair which the men pulled back with their hands revealing their faces which Death saw were similar to his with the all black beady eyes. 
They saw him and one of the three with long blonde hair spoke as swords came out through both of his hands gripping “I ought to run you through with my sword.”
The long browned haired male raised his left hand and a fiery ball of lightening appeared as he spoke “Don’t make me give you famine.” 
The third male a blonde like the first with the sword also raised his right hand as another fiery ball of lightening appeared spoke “You’ll wish I gave you the plague.” 
Death spoke “I’m Death for your Famine, Sword and Plague.” 
The three men looked at each other and then Sword spoke “You know us?”
Death replied “I’ve been hoping you would find me since I became trapped here.” 
Famine stared at Death and spoke “You’re the fourth brother?”
Death answered raising both hands as a fiery ball of lightening appeared “I’m Death for I am the end of the living.” 
Life standing next to him spoke up “I’m Life and I heal.” 
Sword flexed his hand and his swords went back inside his arms and he folded his arms and spoke “Lay down arms, Famine, Plague. Sister found herself the missing brother for us.”
Death, Famine and Plague lowered their hands as the three fiery balls of lightening went out. 
Death spoke “Life why couldn’t you leave to find them?”
Life spoke “I couldn’t leave you without helping easing your suffering.” 
Death groaned gripping his sides shaking his long black haired head. He sneezed as he felt Life laid a hand on his arm and then she stopped touching him. 
He heard Life speak “King Winter has Death’s cauldron trapped in ice in a stadium.” 
Death sensed Sword walk forward to lay a hand on his shoulder speaking “Life do you think he’ll free Death since we found each other?”
The five heard the plant groaning some sound shaking its plant stems and then Life spoke “Merra kid says ‘I’m telling Mother to have a frank talk with King Winter about that’.”" 
Jason heard Dan become silent as he eyed the male who twisted to turn around yelling "What kind of story is that anyway?! I don't give a care to know about Famine, Sword, Plague, and Death having a connection towards cauldrons! Say something else if you want for I refused to talk more of this ridiculous story!"
He heard groaning among the Hayu as the Banshee he saw backed up into the forest disappearing into the bushes. 
He eyed Nikolas with a glare in response who spoke "Nikolas walked into the outer areas of the stadium when he heard ahem sound and looked at his left side to see the twins who spoke in unison “King Winter form now.” 
Nikolas obeyed shifting to the King Winter form and continued walking further into the stadium walking in the caved area under the stairs. He could hear the Americanian President Lyu Jiang speaking words in a microphone which sounded around the stadium. Nikolas as King Winter walked till he reached the three of the Oceana’s Kaddar guard standing there was facing him near the opening entrance into the inner part of the stadium. He noticed the Kaddar were Highlanders who folded their arms. One of them had his gloves off and had a black eyed narrowed glare on his face. 
Nikolas thought “Merra.”
He walked up to them and kneeled in the King Winter form then he shrugged into Hades form. 
Nikolas yanked his mask off of his face to settle the mask on his chest and closed his eyes waiting. He felt hands grip his arms and sensed skin of hands touching his head as something walked into his mind. Nikolas jerked in response but the hands holding his arms were tight in an ironclad grip. An image of a person’s point of view came to his mind’s eye of a large lighted cauldron tall as the stadium height appearing in a gap of the empty stadium’s walls. In the view, Nikolas saw a torch cauldron staff of King Winter in the eye’s sight pointed at the cauldron which ice appeared flying around the cauldron surrounding it. The cauldron’s fire went sputtering out as the ice covered the top of it surrounding the cauldron in ice trapped in a prison. 
Nikolas jerked as he heard thoughts coming in his mind in a voice “You called Nagano will stay trapped here until I deem you ready to be freed. I won’t have the High Council come here with their Human hating influence or you influence by that group to cause destruction on Terrania.” 
Then the view showed the person turning around to face another gap in the walls of the stadium which three cauldrons stood in a row. The torch cauldron staff pointed at the three cauldrons with ice dripping from them. 
Nikolas heard the thought voice say again “You three brothers called Atlanta, Sydney, and Salt Lake will forget where the fourth brother Nagano is and be gone from here.” 
The torch cauldron staff pointed as windy snow came blowing out towards the three cauldrons surrounding them and the snow formed a ball which went straight up into the pale sunny sky leaving a wall of ice in the gaping holey area of the stadium. Then the view showed a moving lake with waves where Nikolas saw a small cauldron standing in the middle on a small barren dirt island.
Nikolas shook his head as he heard the thought voice spoke again “You the sister called Memorial of Life, bringing life to the living. I declare you a symbol among the Humans. Your flame of fire that brings destruction lights the way in the darkness will be a symbol of hope. You will stay and keep your brother Nagano alive. As for your other brothers they’ll return once I deem that the High Council is no longer around with their Human hating influence influencing your brothers.” 
Nikolas shook his head as the Highlander withdrew from his mind and he felt his arms freed. He put the mask back on his face. 
Groaning Nikolas spoke “Merra, the message is you want me to free Nagano?”
He heard a familiar feminine voice speak in his mind “Yes and get out in the inner stadium now.” 
Nikolas groaned getting up to walk out into the inner part of the stadium where Lyu was heard was speaking into the microphone. 
He folded his arms and listened as Lyu spoke in Basic the international language “This is the Terrania Unity Games. What I saw has me declare this the worse games in my entire lifetime.”
Lyu he heard repeated in Americanian translating his words making him confused to that.
Lyu was then heard “I saw and heard unacceptable acts of sabotage among athletes, judges, coaches whoever in an attempt to get this.” 
Lyu he grimaced held up a shiny round object in his hand which he recognized was a medal of golden color with a green ribbon of cloth attached to it like a necklace.
He frowned as Lyu paused to repeat his words in Americanian language then said in Basic “A wise one once said ‘The name of the Games is Friendship’.”
Nikolas listened with a frown recognizing his words he spoke to Lyu the other day as the President repeated his words in Americanian. He recalling Lyu catching an act of cheating by Oceanans done to help their athlete to win a water race. The act of cheating was pointed out by a Surrai he recognized as Trevor came plunging into the pool with a Kaddar holding a long range dart gun which both fell into the water with a loud splash halting the race before the starting siren could sound. He recalled seeing Lyu walking into the room that brought silence to the audience to see Trevor came out of the pool hauling an unconscious Kaddar with his gun weapon who dumped them both onto the floor in front of the Americanian president. He saw Trevor wave a clawed hand in Lyu's face before walking off disappearing into a flash of light through an opening in the room. Nikolas eyed Lyu as if drawn to see Jiang's face was in a glare making him grimace. He watched as the Americanian president without a word went to the award's podium to grab the gold medal and walked towards him standing near the entrance to the room. 
He recalled speaking towards Lyu in a whispered voice tone "I thought the name of the games is Friendship?"
Nikolas continued to recall Lyu without a word gave him a glare of accusation on his face and stormed out of the room still holding onto the gold medal in his hand. He found that the race was cancelled by the siren blaring triplet times for ending a sporting event as always. Nikolas recalled fully that Lyu called for a meeting at the stadium which he shook his head of the memory to focus onto Jiang. 
Lyu he heard then yelled in Basic “Where is that friendship?! For I don’t see it among all of you here in the Terrania Unity Games!” while repeating the words in Americanian. 
Nikolas heard the crowd muttering among themselves and heard Merra speak a voice in his mind “Free the cauldron now.” 
Nikolas turned around facing the trapped cauldron. He raised a hand then gripped it in a fist as if compelled to do without his King Winter's form taking control. The ice he saw trapping the cauldron fell shattering into pieces onto the ground below it. Nikolas heard the crowd yell insults aimed at the cauldron which its fire flamed to life. He walked towards the microphone where Lyu stood next to Aiden. He stood as the lights went out and a ring of a fireball arrived going around the stadium. The fireball split in three at the gap into the stadium walls where the trapped cauldron stood. Then the sun came barreling up from the horizon and went down as the lights came on showing three cauldrons standing next to the fourth cauldron all in a row, in the large gap in the wall.
Nikolas pointed at Aiden standing and ordered firmly in a firm tone “I speak Basic while you translate in Americanian, Aiden.”
Aiden he saw nodded his head as Lyu stepped aside and Nikolas stood in front of the microphone. He roared some nonsense sound which got the crowd quieter. The monitor screens above him flashed showing his likeness standing in front of the microphone. 
Nikolas roared out “You will cease your insults towards the cauldrons now!”
The crowd abruptly went silent he heard as Aiden translated his words in Americanian from the microphone held in his hand in some growling guttural voice tone. 
Nikolas continued speaking “The eater, the flame of fire lit by the cauldrons that brings destruction lights the way in the darkness. The cauldron will now be known as a symbol of the Terrania Unity Games.”
He paused as Aiden repeated his words while hearing the crowd grumble then continued speaking “I say from now on starting at the beginning of the Terrania Unity Games you will have a new tradition. You will start by lighting a cauldron with the eater opening the games. The cauldron will remain lighted during the games on the soil holding them and will go out at the end once the games are over. ”
Nikolas again paused from his talk to fold his arms hearing the crowd again grumble as Aiden translated his words and then he put his arms down.
He spoke while pointing at the cauldrons “You will do this as a reminder of what the wise one said ‘The name of the Games is friendship.’ Atlanta will be the birthplace of the cauldron tradition for the next soil to hold the games will have a cauldron.”
Nikolas paused fisted his hand while lowering his pointing hand and spoke again “You will do this or suffer my wrath and I’m not-”
Jason heard boos and hisses interrupting Nikolas's talk as Nikolas was loudly heard "So you find cauldrons terrible? What do you expect the eater burning in that rock pile to be? The eater's flame is the same as the flame burning to light up cauldrons! Get the message Hayu!"
He heard grumbling among the Hayu as Nikolas he eyed gave him a glare which he heard blaring in his mind "Don't panic it's I the Banshee speaking in your mind. I have a story I like to tell so speak it since Dan decided not to do it."
Jason groaned and repeated the Banshee's words "Death at the moment of his cauldron freed stretched his arms and yawned. 
He spoke to his brothers and sister “My cauldron is freed, I feel much-"
Booing and hissing interrupted him which he clamped a hand over his eyes and shook his head while rolling them covered by his black cloth clad hands. 
He removed his hand as the Banshee blared within his mind "Continue on voicing for me." 
Jason removed his hand saw Hayu giving him a glare as the Banshee blared in his mind talk about Death feeling better from a trapped cauldron freed. He gave up a loud roar of nonsense sound and twisted to glare at the Banshee while waving his hand fisted aimed at the male. He saw the Banshee back up going into the bushes out of sight followed by Brianna with a disgusted expression on her face walk into sight to join him at the log. 
He eyed Brianna after lowering his fisted hand who spoke "Nikolas, speak something now!"
He heard the calmness of her voice tone willed himself to calm as he shifted his form to eye Nikolas who shrugged a Human gesture and heard from the Hayu's leader "Nikolas lay in the bed with Georgina at his side. He stretched tiredly and closed his eyes with the mask still on his face. Nikolas heard pounding on the door and went to investigate the noise turning on the lights. The door banged open and Nikolas stared at four Kaddar guards who came in the room with guns drawn. 
One of them spoke in a male voice in Oceanan “You will go to the stadium now and reverse your words on the cauldron or the people you value will disappear.” 
Nikolas snarled some sound as the speaker continued “Go now, I’m not kidding.” 
The Kaddar went to Georgina who woke up staring at them with shocked expression on her face. Nikolas snarled and stomped out of the room. He walked out of the water ship home of the Hybrids as they were referred led by Eric. He globe traveled to the stadium. He once reaching the stadium walls outside in the night as the green moon shined put away the globe. 
He walked inside to hear the Shadonia’s High Lord Berro Hydeo speaking words translated by Aiden "Emperor Palin is a spoiled brat who needs to learn manners. I'm glad he's dead and won't be bothering us Terranians any more. Good riddance to him!"
Growling Nikolas walked in the stadium walking under the stairs as he heard silence in response to Hydeo's talk. 
He heard ahem sound and turned towards his left to see the twins who spoke “Kneel.”
Growling Nikolas kneeled and heard whooshing sounds as something was placed over his head blocking his eyes. 
He heard a voice speak in Basic sounding male and alien to him making him nervous “Don’t struggle if you value your life.” 
Nikolas relaxed and heard the voice speak again still making him nervous “You’re a leader, with minions. Let your minions do their job and protect those you value. There’s something your minions want to tell you so listen carefully.” 
Nikolas listened to the words with a frown he heard "Leave the stadium without taking back your words on the cauldron. Let us handle the people's dislike towards you speaking about the cauldron business. We'll handle them trying to hurt your people who you value so trust us now." 
Then he heard whooshing sounds followed by the blindfold he felt was made out of metal yanked from his eyes blocking his view of seeing anything. He stood up and walked till he reached the entrance of the inner part of the stadium and entered it. Nikolas saw four Kaddar standing there. 
One walked up to him and spoke in Oceanan “One of us will tap you and speak the word cauldron. You will go towards the microphone and speak taking back that speech on the cauldron being a games' symbol. You will do it if you value life.” 
He walked to reach the dais area where the other racial leaders and island nations' leaders were standing speaking among themselves. He could hear the crowd muttering among themselves as he folded his arms and faced the leaders watching them in their discussion. The four cauldrons he saw were stood in their positions in the stadium still in a row.
Aiden he noticed walked up to himself and spoke “Aiden.” 
Nikolas growled out sounding angry “Hades.” 
Aiden gave him a pat on the shoulder and then went back to his former standing spot. Nikolas stood watching the crowd talk then he sensed a Kaddar standing at his left side and growled some sound. 
A Kaddar, an Aquarian tapped his folded arm and spoke in a male voice “Cauldron.” 
Nikolas remembering the voice’s words kept himself in the standing spot growling loudly.  
The Kaddar stood and then tapped his arm again and spoke “Do it or lose what you value.” 
Nikolas responded by grabbing the Kaddar by the jacket of his clothes with one hand, lifting the luckless Aquarian up above him. With an arm swing swung the Aquarian over his head and the Kaddar went flying crash landing onto the wall above the leaders. The leaders were heard to stop their talk to watch the Kaddar slid towards the ground hitting it with a thud. 
The Empress of Oceana loudly asked speaking in Basic as the other leaders stood sensed watching him “Hades what’s wrong?”
Nikolas folded his arms with a snarling sound as Aiden walked up to him speaking in Basic “Hades what got you upset?”
Nikolas remembered the voice telling him of having minions to handle people's attitudes towards him regarding the cauldrons. He kept his mouth shut and stood with his arms folded. 
He sensed Aiden put a hand on his shoulder and looked at the Drainer who continued speaking “Hades talk, say something.” 
Nikolas roared some nonsense sound and yanked Aiden’s hand off his shoulder growling loudly. 
He resumed folding his arms staring at Aiden who added “Oh you’re in an angry mood why?”
Nikolas instead of answering stomped away from Aiden and walked towards one of the exits that led out of the stadium. He stopped his walking to wave his fisted arms around as the crowd stopped their chatting to sense watch him. Then Nikolas stormed out of the stadium and entered the exit. He met three Kaddar all Aquarians standing there blocking his way. 
One of them spoke in a male voice in Oceanan “Bad move, Hades.” 
Nikolas stuck a fist at them and roared charging at the three Kaddar who widen their eyes of shock. The three luckless Kaddar found themselves lying groaning in pain from Nikolas fisting and throwing each Aquarian onto the ground. Nikolas growled and left the stadium towards city of Atlanta bordering it. He heard a whooshing sound and felt something knocked his knees forcing him to kneel followed by cloth put over his eyes. 
Nikolas spoke in Basic “I did what you told me to do. I didn't take back that speech on the cauldrons.” 
He heard the familiar voice speak in Basic “You’re a leader with minions. Let the minions give out the punishment. Go to Georgina now. The minions will handle the others if they should attempt to retaliate for your actions.” 
Nikolas heard the familiar whooshing sound as the blindfold of metal was removed from off his face. He stood up and a globe formed around him and he traveled over the city in the night towards the dock where the water ship the Shadonia's headquarters was. He landed on the land deck revert the globe. Nikolas groaned rubbing his chest with a hand and stumbled towards the gangplank. He looked with surprise to see four Shadonians all males came onto the wide gangplank each hauling an unconscious Kaddar in their arms. Nikolas stood watching as the Shadonians reached the end of the gangplank and dumped the Kaddar onto the land deck in a pile. 
One of them spoke in Solaran “Hades, are you coming inside?”
He replied to them in Solaran “What did I miss?”
Another Shadonian responded “Someone found those four intruders lying asleep in the hallway and alert us by radio. They don’t belong here so we take them out.” 
Nikolas sigh some sound shaking his head of confusion and then walked onto the gangplank followed by the four Shadonians. Once inside the Shadonians departed leaving him as he walked till he reached the bedroom he shared with Georgina and walked inside. Nikolas closed the door and flicked on the lights as Georgina got up from the bed and ran towards him. 
She gripped his form in a hug while staring at his masked face as Nikolas spoke in Summeran “Georgina, what did I miss?”
Georgina responded in Summeran he heard “I don’t know I was asleep with them watching me. I heard the Kaddar idiots left the room. Did you do what the fools demanded?”
Nikolas answered “No I don’t have to. I’m a leader with minions.” 
Georgina stared at him who noticing her stare continued “Someone reminded me that I’m a leader with minions. They protect what I value and do work for me.” 
Georgina he saw frowned at his remarks but continued hugging him. 
He spoke "It's time for sleep mode now. I could use some sleep so let's go back to bed."
He found Georgina obeying by getting back into bed which he went to the room's light switch and flicked the lights off before he joined her in bed. Nikolas shifted lying on the bed with Georgina feeling himself restless unable to sleep. He lay on his side facing her cuddling him. He yanked off the mask and settled his head touching Georgina’s. Nikolas closed his eyes sleeping form stiffening as a dream arrived to him. In the dream he was walking in caves through passageways in the darkness with his night vision. Nikolas looked around then froze hearing Georgina’s voice faintly screaming. He darted through the passageways listening for the screams and entered a large cave area to reach a cave bridge in front of him that was covered with ice. Standing on the cave bridge he saw facing him was a male wearing silver clothing with Human facial features in an angry scowl. The male had sun colored long hair tied back and golden Human colored eyes that were narrowed when he saw him. Nikolas stared with shock to see Georgina held by the male with a right clawed hand around her neck. She he saw with annoyance had panic on her face was in a near kneeling position struggling against the male’s hand. 
The male had a disgusted expression on his face he saw who pointed down below and spoke words Nikolas understood “You will use your King Winter form to free them now!”
Nikolas growled as the male with great strength held up Georgina who went limp over the edge of the cave's bridge. The male pointed at Nikolas who shifted to his King Winter form. He aimed his torch cauldron and the ice lifted up swirling in a flurry of snow and wind. The snow storm went into the torch cauldron. Once finished Nikolas shrugged back into his Hades form as the male looked around then he threw Georgina off the land bridge. Nikolas reacted darting off the land bridge flying down towards Georgina’s falling form. He reached Georgina grabbing her limp form and landed on the ground below to kneel. 
He pulled off his mask and spoke “If I can’t be with you in life, then death it is.”
Nikolas woke up from the dream with a gasp. He looked around the bedroom and at Georgina who was lying next to him on her side asleep with her arms around his neck. He sensed her breathing with her head lying on his shoulder from his form lying on his back.
Nikolas groaned and mentally yelled in his mind “Merra! What’s going on?! Why am I dreaming of this anyway?!”
He heard Merra speak in a female tone in his mind and frowned hearing the words “The dream is a call for help from a night dwelling species called Humanians who are sick with an illness. They live underground. Their home entry is the lowest level of Oceana’s headquarters. The only way to help them is to have Georgina give their leader her blood with the cure you gave her from mating, by medical means which will heal them all from the sickness.”
Nikolas groaned and pulled on his mask onto his face. He sat up getting up to turn on the light by light switch. 
He wound up shaking Georgina awake who looked at him with confusion speaking “Nikolas, what is it?”
“Georgina” He said “There’s something we have to do to help someone, so get up.” 
Nikolas got up from the bed and watched her get up and pulled her clothes on from a chair. The two left the room walking. 
Nikolas spoke as Georgina was sensed giving him confused looks “Remember our mating which created the offsprings, Georgina? I gave you a lot more than just the offsprings you carried which will help someone heal.”
Georgina he noticed frowned but escorted him to the gangplank passed the Shadonian guards who looked at them with frowns. The light of the sky turned stronger as the sun began to form its rays over the horizon he saw. Reaching the land deck Nikolas formed a globe around himself and felt Georgina walk inside it. He flew the globe towards a building and landed on the steps reverted the globe. Nikolas groaned from the pain and felt Georgina hold his arm which they walked inside the building slamming the doors. Kaddar guards stood in the lobby pulling out their hand guns when they saw him and Georgina enter the room. 
Nikolas yanked off his mask and snarled out “A Highlander now!”
One of the Kaddar a Highlander he saw with envy running through him walked forwards yanking off one of his gloves on his hands. Nikolas held up his hand which the Highlander gripped. He stiffened sensing the Highlander mind walk inside his head reading his mind, while focusing on his dream and what Merra told him. 
Then he felt the Highlander withdraw who spoke in Oceanan to the other Kaddar “He’s here to help the Humanians who are sick with an illness.”
Nikolas spoke in Oceanan “Get a doctor to do the procedure while I go and get the leader.” 
He added in Summeran to Georgina “Stay here while I go get the person.” 
Georgina let go of his arm. Nikolas sensed her watching him as he entered a doorway that led to stairs sets going down. Nikolas walked down the stairs reaching a door and entered through the doorway reaching a hallway with a door at the end. He looked to see two tall as his waist devices sitting at the walls with some force field in front of the door. 
He heard Merra speak in his mind “The shields are poisoning the Humanians’ food whenever it goes through the force field which is making them sick. The devices must be destroyed for them to heal properly.” 
Nikolas growled some sound as he grabbed one of the devices and threw it hard against the wall breaking it in a shower of sparks. He did the same with the other device and heard squealing whine sounds as the devices died. Nikolas went to the door opening it and walked through the doorway closing the door behind him. He stood in the darkness letting night vision coming onto his eyes as he stood in a dark hallway with a cave entrance at the other end. He looked to see three figures, Humanians, all males lying on the floor on their backs with their eyes open staring at the ceiling in a still position. 
Nikolas heard again Merra speak in his head “They can’t be helped until their leader is healed from the sicknesses which their all linked to his mind actually.”
Nikolas walked to the cave entrance walking inside. He walked through and entered a large cave with a set of stairs going down. Nikolas looked to see that there were rows of gonoid skin tents bordering a still lake with Humanians, male and female and children lying on the ground, littering the dirt floor in their opened eyed still position. He passed the tents and reached a cave entrance walking inside to see two rows of beds with boxy beeping machines behind each bed. Nikolas looked to see three Humanians male and female lying on the ground surrounding a Humanian male with scar markings on his cheeks with his eyes closed, lying on a bed with an object on his forehead attached to wires to a beeping box machine. 
He grabbed a long bolt of cloth off of the female Humanian as he heard Merra speak “The leader is him lying on the bed aware of the situation. I have to warn you might have to knock him out to bring him out of the caves to the doctor.”
Nikolas walked to the leader removing the device and heard a gasp from the Humanian who opened his eyes to stare at him. Nikolas without a word tied the bolt of cloth over the Humanian’s eyes and lifted him up carrying the leader out of the cave. 
He heard the leader speak in Hammarabbi a language he automatically understood “You of the cold, of all people, answered Jon’s call for help, why?”
Nikolas spoke in Hammarabbi “It’s the right thing to do, Jon.” 
The Humanian groaned some sound he heard as he was being carried by him who took the same route back to the Oceana’s Headquarters. Nikolas reached the lobby carrying the Humanian to see Georgina sitting in a chair watching him and next to her was a monarch a medical doctor sitting in a chair with a large bag at his feet. Both stood up seeing Nikolas who carried the Humanian and settled him in a chair the doctor had vacated. Nikolas stood watching as Georgina sat down letting the doctor do his work. Nikolas abruptly turned towards the open door to the stairs as the opening flashed showing Kurpanov with a glare on his face gesturing with a hand. Motion in the room froze seeing the Surrai standing there.
Nikolas walked to Kurpanov to stand next to the Surrai who leaned his head and whispered “I have the Hybrid called Eric as prisoner as a lesson disobeying me when I told him not to talk about being Night Eyes. I want you to keep your mouth shut about Night Eyes and his identity. You talk I will know about that get it?” 
He frowned hearing the words then nodded his head in understanding as Kurpanov turned and left through the doorway opening with a flash of light. Nikolas paced as the elevators opened and Tikcanni arrived with his Kaddar walking in the lobby. 
He stood watching Tikcanni as memory of himself destroying a group belonging to the High Council flashed in his mind as he felt his mind scanned. 
He glared at Tikcanni who spoke loudly in Oceanan “Hades, who’s the High Council?” 
Nikolas growled at the question answered recalling who the High Council were fully in mind “A bunch of mind walkers who disappeared by my hands that have some hatred towards Human species. They blame the Humans for some prophesied great war of destruction which the Humans weren't the cause. The cause of that prophecy was actually another species disappeared by my hands. Why are you asking me this ridiculous question anyway?”
Nikolas glared at Tikcanni who spoke ignoring his question with his eyes seen focusing on an Aquarian in a Kaddar uniform who stood across the room “Landis you killed the Empress Meduna-Palina with poison. I got it straight from your brother Linos who talked.”
Kaddar mostly Highlanders in the room aimed their guns at the Aquarian as Nikolas growled loudly looking around. Nikolas looked at the Aquarian with scar markings on his cheek that dropped his gun and held up his webby hands. He watched as two Kaddar grabbed the Aquarian yanking him from the room into the elevator followed by Tikcanni who shook his head with disgust forming on the Highlander's face. He felt himself envious of the Highlanders and their mind walking ability as he shifted to focus onto Jon the Humanian receiving Georgina's blood. 
Nikolas heard Jon speak in Hammarabbi “Jon feels better now so you can stop.”
He repeated the words in the doctor’s language that removed the device from the Humanian’s arm and rubbed the area with a cloth before rolling the sleeve down. Nikolas picked up Jon and took the same route towards the Humanian’s home. 
He heard Jon speak “Who are you and why you of cold wearing clothes belonging to stranger that attacked Jon?”
Nikolas spoke “I am called Hades and the stranger’s name is Claws who I destroyed but not the body form.”
Jon he heard spoke “Hades, what body form?”
Nikolas replied as he recalled Kurpanov's talk “The body form is what Claws used to control his actions. The body form is called Eric who has a female named Brianna.”
Jon spoke with a questioning tone “How will Jon know this Eric and know of Eric being Claws?”
Nikolas answered from memory of Eric's back flashing in his mind “Eric has a fist mark on his back from me hitting him there to destroy Claws.” 
Nikolas set down the Humanian’s back to the rocky wall in a sitting position and removed the cloth covering his eyes. 
Jon he saw blinked his eyes staring at him as he stood up speaking “Jon, help your people, they need it.” 
He left the Humanian and took the same route to the Oceana’s headquarters lobby where Georgina was sitting in a chair with a frown on her face. He went to Georgina who stood up and he hugged her. He went to the door of the lobby and opened it to hear the familiar sound of the Guardian tower sounding its siren like noise. 
He spoke as he closed the door with Georgina looking at him with a frown on her face “Georgina, we have to stay here for awhile. There’s a cold storm according to the noise coming. Travel outside will not be safe.” 
Nikolas heard a groaning sound come from Georgina and watched as she went to the chair she vacated and sat down closing her eyes with her hands on her lap. He sat down and leaned himself on the chair with hands on his lap and closed his eyes."

Part eight: Terrania Unity Games
Jason heard Nikolas cut himself off followed by silence among the Hayu seemingly lengthy. 
He frowned as Brianna was heard speaking breaking the lengthy silence "Then what happens next? What did the Terranians do with that cauldron tradition this Hades or Nikolas as he's seen told them about? Did they protest to the tradition or agree or whatever? Come on you Hayu say something about it now."
He groaned softly as he heard blaring in his mind "I the Banshee hold the answer to Brianna's questions. I will speak them so speak for me now."
He obeyed to speak "The stadium went silent as the sun went higher above silence by the roaring of the Drainer blaring into the microphone. In the middle of the stadium Yevgeny Visser with grey in his hair stood next to a large round leaning bowl on stands with a glass window on stands above it. He could see Valeria still having her blonde hair with a touch of grayness in it on his left across from the stadium. She he saw was standing on top of stairs holding a bow weapon she called it, in her hand watching him as on his right side were his family. Behind him in a row were the racial and island leaders who stood watching him. He heard a cry of a baby and looked behind him to see his slowly growing female offspring Niya. She he saw was held in the arms of Terrania's dubbed Lighter who gave up the name of Kazak who nodded his head in some Human yes gesture. He frowned for Kazak was always lighting the cauldrons during the nations hosting the games whenever they wanted that or not by some torch held in his hand. Yevgeny turned back to the bowl as the sun went higher in the sky. He held a long arrow as Valeria called it with grass tied at the end in his left hand as he stared at the bowl. He stiffened seeing smoke come from the bowl and breathed a sigh of relief as an eater burst from the bowl burning away. He leaned forward sliding the glass top and put the arrow with the grass end into the bowl. Yevgeny stared at the arrow’s end as eater caught on it and started burning. He yanked the arrow from the bowl and held it up hearing cheering sounding within the stadium. Then he turned running across the stadium towards the stairs at one end and ran up to them reaching the top where Valeria stood holding the bow weapon. He handed her the arrow and stood as she set the arrow and aimed pointing up. He watched as she let the arrow fly as it flew up in the air curving in an arc landing inside the bowl of a giant cauldron standing towering them. Yevgeny held his breath waiting as smoke arrived billowing from the cauldron followed by bursts of eaters. 
He exhaled air as he heard the voice of the Akylah’s official national leader ruler of Prussia, the Tsarina speaking amplified by microphone in Basic with words translated by a Drainer “Let the games begin.”" 
Jason cut himself from talking feeling himself needing to be silent. 

Part nine: Sun Lord
Jason heard nothing more from the Banshee or the Hayu only to hear from Brianna sounding annoyed to him "That's the answer to my question? Some answer its-"
He cut her off by speaking "Brianna!"
Jason gave Brianna a glare in response who formed a frown followed by speaking "Nikolas don't you have another story to say anyway?"
He eyed Nikolas who looked dejected who spoke in response "Nikolas wandered aimlessly around walking on the sidewalk besides Humans walking by him in the Human colony city called Hartford. He sighed as he reached a hand to the top of his head and scratched the area while looking around with confusion. 
He groaned loudly and heard a female voice belonging to a Human speaking “Hades what brings you here? Why you are upset?” 
He looked at his right as he lowered his hand to see a young Human female with long night sky hair pulled back and with day sky colored eyes standing next to him with curiosity in her face. 
Nikolas thought to himself “I might as well tell her about my mission.” 
The Human female spoke again breaking his thoughts “My name is Cassandra. I’m wondering what’s wrong that has you acting like there’s a burden on your shoulders?”
Nikolas spoke “I’ve come on behalf of the racial and island leaders to pick a Human male for the newly created position titled Sun Lord who will, with his identity hidden, rule all of Terrania.”
He paused as Cassandra spoke “Oh.”
He continued speaking “Do you know of a Human male willing to take the position?”
He stared at Cassandra who spoke “I think I know just the candidate. Come with me to him.”
He followed Cassandra walking on the sidewalks in a brisk pace as Humans walked by them not giving them glances. They reached a building and went inside the lobby where Cassandra led him to the elevator and got inside. The elevator went up and stopped which they got out into a dim lighted hallway walking pass doors. Nikolas frowned as Cassandra stopped at a door and knocked on it with her hand. The door opened as Nikolas saw a male reminding him of Eric the Hybrid from the water ship. He frowned seeing the male had twin facial looks of Cassandra despite his reminder who stood in the doorway with short night sky colored hair and ground colored eyes. The male he saw stared at him and Cassandra with questioningly look on his face he seeing wasn't surprised to see them there. 
Cassandra he heard spoke “Eric, may we come in? Hades has something to say and I think you should hear it.” 
The male, Eric, he frowning at the name for its familiarity, spoke “You have my permission to come inside.” 
Eric he saw backed up as he and Cassandra walked inside with the male closing the door behind them. He looked to see sitting on the floor was a young Human child and a Human female with long sun colored hair sitting on the couch looked up to stare at him.
Eric he heard spoke “Hades, what is it that you wish to say to me?”
Nikolas spoke groaning to himself figuring out that Merra did manipulating onto him again repeating the words he told Cassandra “I’ve come on behalf of the racial and island leaders to pick a Human male for the newly created position titled Sun Lord who will, with his identity hidden, rule all of Terrania.”
He heard Eric hissed a breath as he saw a frown come onto the male's face he saw wasn't surprised by what he said making him think "Ooh Merra you stinking plant. You're up to something aren't you?" 
Nikolas continued ignoring his thought aimed at Merra “I’m told I have to transport the chosen Human and his family to Atlanta where he will be prepared for the position. Are you willing to do this?”
He stared at Eric who turned and looked at the female sitting on the couch watching them with a frown he seeing them both staring at each other with some ranges of emotions on their faces. 
He grumbled mentally "Drat Merra must be explaining her trick to them and keeping me out of it. Oh ho do I wish I could mind scan like a mind walker. It'll be nice to know what people are thinking mentally. Darn the stinking Highlanders having that ability, Hmph." 
Cassandra he heard broke the silence spoke “Eric, take the position, till the One is ready to assume it no matter how many descendants it will take.”
The female sitting on the couch spoke he heard “I’m told by Merra that the One’s mate is getting old and will someday die leaving him with no purpose in life worth living. Having him assume the title will help him live on after her death so I agree with Cassie. Eric, take the position.” 
Nikolas frowned listening to the words as Eric turned around and looking at him spoke eyeing him in the eyes creeping him out “I accept to take the position as Sun Lord.”"
Jason heard from Brianna loudly "That meddlesome mind walking plant hinted to me that she had something in mind for my Eric to do after I died and wound up here in Edenia. Harrumph turns out she was manipulating things again by making my Eric become Sun Lord once I was no longer living-"
He heard boos and hisses interrupting Brianna's talk groaned softly as he heard an Hmph sound from Brianna to eye her who got up stomping into the bushes.
He wound up hearing her grumbling "I'm having a word with that Dragon calling herself Arena."
Jason darted up in a fast speed move to block Brianna's way who growled "Get out of my way, Jason, now."
He folded his arms sensing themselves watched as he spoke "No you're not going to have a confrontation with Arena. Leave that Dragon alone now to hatch her eggs-"
He was interrupted by Brianna blaring "Eggs?! You call them eggs?!"
Jason groaned softly hearing snickering sounds from the Hayu in response as he grabbed Brianna's arm after unfolding his arm. He got resistance from Brianna as he led her to the log. 
Jason spoke "Brianna, just be grateful that Arena brought us dead back to life via her egg hatchery hatching us back to life."
He heard an Hmph sound from Brianna who quit her resistance as he got her to sit and added "Don't make Arena take back her word on leaving us alive instead of eating us like she said she wouldn't do. She keeps on complaining of not having enough to eat around here."
He got another Hmph from Brianna as he heard snickering sounds from the Hayu including the offsprings. 
Jason spoke sounding firm "Now where were we in that story hmm?"
He gave Nikolas a glare who swung his cloud colored long hair out of his face and heard from the Hayu in response "Nikolas walked to Teorjer standing near the entrance of the inner stadium and spoke “He is ready.” 
Teorjer he saw nodded his head as they both looked behind to see a male form dressed in night sky clothing wearing a barrel shaped head cover mask covering his face and head's features. He felt envy as he saw the male was accompanied with Highlanders wearing day sky colored uniforms standing besides the ruler. He heard Teorjer exhale air as he laid a hand on his shoulder. Nikolas looked at him as he nodded his head and took his hand off his shoulder. The two walked into the crowded noisy stadium hosted by Atlanta towards the dais surrounded by the racial and island leaders. They walked and reached the microphone in front of the throne chair in. Nikolas roared some nonsense sound into the microphone which got the stadium silent. Screens above flashed his image with Teorjer standing besides him. 
Teorjer spoke words amplified by the microphone in Basic “I am speaking on behalf of the racial and island leaders who with great discussion have agreed that all of Terrania will be ruled by one ruler titled Sun Lord.”
He heard Teorjer paused which he repeated the words in Americanian as the crowd kept their silence. 
This was followed by Teorjer speaking he repeated in Americanian “I present your majesty, Sun Lord, ruler of Terrania.”
The lights of the stadium he saw dimmed as a large spot light appeared shining on the one of the entrances to the stadium. Nikolas watched as the Sun Lord escorted by Highlanders walked into the stadium that went silent with the spot light tracking him and reached the dais. The lights went brighter illuminating the stadium he saw. Nikolas with Teorjer and the racial and island leaders bowed to the Sun Lord. He heard noises coming from the crowd and realized to himself that it was cheering along with applauding. He looked around him to see the racial and island leaders had their hands together clapping along with the crowd as Teorjer place a hand on his shoulder gently gripping it. He looked at Teorjer to see his lips forming a smile and smiled to himself." 

Epilogue: Edenia
Jason again got Brianna's fist thumping his shoulder as Nikolas paused from talking. He gave her a glare who jabbed a finger up and around her he noticed that the sun was gone with eater lights shining around camp. 
He heard silence from the Hayu in response only to hear the offsprings blare "Tell us another story now!"
Jason spoke loud and firm "That's enough of that storytelling! It's nighttime now!"
He wound up glaring at the humanoids with identical Human like golden eyes dubbed themselves Hayu. All were gathered around an eater light that was giving off warmth and surrounded by rocks around it with dirt ground and logs as Brianna called them. He heard multiple groaning noises from the offsprings of the Hayu. 
He added sounding annoyed "You, Hayu, were all over the place with various points of views leaving me annoyed. Plus what's with all that booing and hissing noises you made each time someone told a story? Give me a break!"
He glared at the Hayu's leader a male with long white hair with identical golden eyes despite using Brianna's slang talk she called it. Jason glared at the Hayu's leader he saw was wearing all white colored gonoid skin clothing Brianna dubbed them animal and the color white. 
The Hayu he glared at dubbed the leader by the name of Nikolas who shrugged in response before the male spoke "Offsprings its time for you to go to bed and get some sleep. It is a must for Hayu and manoids to have so move it now."
Jason folded his black covered arms and gloves of his black outfit skin suit with a jacket attached and gloves attached to the sleeves. He gave giving multiple groaning offspring a glare. He glared as they each got up and were seen went into huts. Some of the offsprings were seen following each other and some following an adult Hayu. He stretched out his legs stiff from sitting so long on the log listening to Hayu adults telling their story of what they dreamed about while asleep. He felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked to see a female Humanoid with twin eyes as his while wearing an all blue dress draped onto her form and having long black hair. He on introduction the female was dubbed Brianna. She kept telling him after a meeting for the first time that his facial appearance was twin to a male humanoid hybrid of gonoid species she had as a mate named Eric. She had always stuck close to him as his declared by the Hayu said mate wherever he went around their camp. He finding her always sticking close to him in the surrounding forest for various duties. The duties were always involving hunting for food whether it was gonoid or plant life. Another duty involved gathering eater food for eaters to eat on when it involved cooking the food over them. This including eaters giving off warmth and light to see at nighttime. 
Jason exhaled a breath and eyed Brianna who spoke "Well it sounded like the Hayu were trying to amuse the offsprings who were the ones who gave off that booing and hissing noises you called it. Hence the adult Hayu speaking their story all over the place with that reaction like you said Hmph."
He heard Nikolas groan loudly which he eyed who without a comment towards him. Nikolas he saw got up and walked away which he saw him going into a hut. 
He resumed eyeing Brianna who added "Which reminds me its time for you, Jason to go into our hut for sleeping. I believe you need the rest period." 
Jason shrugged off Brianna's hand off his shoulder and got up groaning loudly while unfolding his arms stretching them above his head. Along with thrusting out his sword weapon hidden in a pocket in his left arm to grip it in his left hand as Brianna said. She called the weapon sword after seeing him flaunt that weapon around the Hayu in their camp. He always using the sword for cutting up captured dead gonoids for eating along with chopping branches found on the ground into pieces for the eater to eat. He eyed Dan as if drawn to find the male was leaning against a log back on it sitting on the ground with head bowed. He sighed a Human trait to see Dan appeared to be asleep from the form still with eyes seen shut. Jason looked to spot behind Dan in the bushes of the eater's light was a Banshee who gave a head bob of yes in Human style. 
Jason heard from the Banshee unexpectedly "I'll handle Dan if he dreams terrible. Don't worry about him. He may dream of his life as PX5 and the High Council. I know what to do if he gets caught up in a dream something that the Hayu get from time to time to believe it's their life's memories fully in their mind. Nikolas, according to Edenia suffers from this. Don't worry about this. Just go to sleep in a hut. Dan is still suffering from being contained to avoid being in a hut for containment anyway."
He heard nothing else from the Banshee but a familiar noise from Brianna who earlier at a meeting told him it involved her throat clearing itself. She claimed he recalled was a Human trait for Humans to use whenever getting people's attention. He looked at her to see a glare on her face. He saw her jab a finger in a direction towards their hut he saw where she aimed it at. He exhaled a breath and flicked his wrist getting his sword back into his arm. Jason without a word towards Brianna made a beeline towards the hut she pointed at. He frowned only to get her hand grabbing his right hand and yanking him towards another hut to his confusion. 
He heard her grumbling loudly "Can't tell which hut is ours despite the differences of the tree barks on them designed as always." 
Jason groaned loudly as she stopped her grumbling and got him inside their hut. He eyed her with night vision of yellow while kneeling on the fur covered ground. Brianna he saw stood in front of him removing her dress showing her clad in some tight fitting clothes covering her sensitive parts. He frowned eyeing Brianna while feeling the urge to mate hit him. 
She spoke while removing her clothes and shoes he saw her baring herself to him "Well the Hayu's story involving Nikolas and Georgina has me itching to mate. Hence I keep on thumping my fist onto your shoulder. I was trying to get you into our hut for that to be done. Ugh can't believe it took so long for you to get the message. So lie down and be pleasured. I'm in the mood and I don't give a damn if your not." 
Jason didn't give out a protest lied his form down and eyed Brianna while thinking to himself "At least I'm getting what I've been seeking."
He kept his eyes open while eyeing Brianna. It was due to pretty sure he knew what she had in mind with her wording and clothes removal. He wound up feeling himself fine with what she had in mind towards him.
The End

