

Heart of Stone
by Arwen Jayne

Copyright © 2013 Arwen Jayne
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved

While reference has been made to some actual historical events or persons and some existing locations all other names, characters and places are fictional; the product of the author’s over imaginative mind.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses or places is purely coincidental.

Disclaimer
This book contains sexually explicit scenes and language that may offend.  The author is not responsible for any loss, harm, injury or death resulting from use of information contained in this title.



Prologue

100,000 years ago, more or less

In a galaxy far far away...

Shimon saw the big adult Meta coming to their house. He ran to his mum finding safety as she knelt down and cuddled him close to her. “Ma!”
The beautiful young woman, delicate but self-assured, gently caressed the top of his head. “It's alright little one. They need you”.
Meta stood at the doorway, a picture of majesty. “Come Shimon, you are equal amongst us, there is nothing to fear”. He gently but firmly grasped the little boy’s hand in his own and led him up the path to the shining white temple on the hill.
Shimon turned to look over his shoulder, his mum was waving reassuringly. He took a deep breath, finding his resolve. He could be a man.
Shimon had never been inside the temple. The great white marble pillars supporting the outer circular structure looked like giants rising into the heavens. Once through the outer ring they entered under a great domed ceiling. In the center of the dome a clear crystal covered opening filtered shafts of light into a rainbow of colors dancing on the floor of the temple.
Meta seated himself cross legged on the floor to one side of the temple, motioning for Shimon to sit beside him and then they waited.
The men and women of the high council entered, followed by the mages, the academy's elite scholars and scientists and then the galaxy defenders.
Shimon saw the great commander of the defenders among them, tall, straight backed, piercing dark eyes that seemed to take the measure of everyone and everything in the room. His blue black war braids hung down his back, marking him as a follower of the right hand way, a fighter for justice, law enforcer and protector of the weak. Such was the awe and respect in which he was held everyone just called him Thex which meant simply 'right' and few outside his own family remembered him ever having another name.
Each person sat on the floor, completing a circle, a circle of equals.
When everyone was there Meta rose, indicating he would take the right to speak. “Sisters and brothers of the Malakim. I have called you here today to hear the words of the all-spirit. For the past few nights I have had dreams of foreboding and others of you have told me that you too have felt the disturbance in the ether. I have asked young Shimon Aris to come here today, as our equal. As was foretold at his birth he has great ability listening to the will of the all-spirit.” Meta sat back down and smiling reassuring warmth turned to Shimon, “arise Shimon, turn your mind inwards for us and listen to the all-spirit for us.”
Shimon stood. Closing his eyes helped to remove the intimidating presence of the adults. He sent his focus to the top of his head and listened.
Suddenly Shimon's eyes rolling back in his head, Meta catching him as he fell to the floor. “The Din are coming! All is lost if you flee. All is lost if you stay. But lose and you will endure. Great is the suffering. Great is the pain. But Hearts of Stone by love be freed.”
With worry creasing his brow Meta placed a blanket over the young boy and put him in a fetal position so he could rest safely, “the all-spirit has given its prophecy”. He turned and faced the others, “go now and prepare for battle, the all-spirit is within you and watching over you”.
Thex, the battle commander for the galaxy, scowled, “it would seem the all-spirit is about to desert us”.
Meta sucked in his breath at the blasphemy. “The all-spirit always has its way in the end, the world to come depends on it. It is not for us to question”.
Thex humphed, “I’ll leave faith and prophecy to the philosophers and mages, Father. If your dreams are any indication then there are some demonic lizards out there that are about to enter into the lower worlds, with who knows what agenda. We are sworn to protect those worlds and I for one will not consider defeat”. Turning to his team, the dozen men and women of the Malakim, the elite force of galaxy defenders, “time for us to go and kick some mean scaly ass”.
The team rose swiftly from their seats and nodded to Arion, the second in command, to speak. Resolution was upon his face he raised his fist and beat it on his chest “We are with you Commander, always”.
As everyone left Meta thoughtfully nudged the young boy on the floor. “Come little one, I think I have a job for you”.


A little while later


In a Malakim battleship far out in space. Arion yelled into his communicator, continuing to fire his laser weapon at the ferocious lizard beings who were trying to round up his team and slashing with their saber sharp claws and teeth those who resisted “Commander, we’ve been breached, requesting backup”.
“Shit” came the swift reply, “hold them off a bit longer, I’m coming”.


Thex left the command deck.  He headed to the transporter hold and rounded the corner only to find himself pinned to the wall by a giant lizard, its grotesque face almost lion-like except for the scales. “Bloody Hell! This can’t be happening”.
The lizard quickly secured Thex’s hands with some kind of metal restraint that snapped ominously in place. “Move and you die like the others, speak again and I will rip out your tongue”.
Thex glanced around the hold that had become the enemys’ beach head. Corpses of friends, brutally slashed, entrails spilling from slashes, necks hanging loosely by threads. Surrounded by their dead comrades were six badly bruised and bloodied, heavily bound survivors: Arion, Orea, Kiana, Zex, Trian and Kaleem. The lizard yanked forcefully on Thex’s restraints and dragged him to the others.
Thex tried to mentally teleport himself away but something in the restraints blocked him.
One of the lizards made a guttural barking sound and the other lizards in the glider bay became rigid, as if frozen in whatever position they were in at the time.
A larger lizard stomped ponderously into the room, the floor shaking with the vibration of his steps. His eyes like fire gleamed with an evil pleasure.  He sneered at the prisoners, “for your crime of attempting to thwart our take-over of these worlds I sentence you to the long death. Your material bodies will be descended into sama crystal and thrown into space to land on the planet below. If you survive re-entry, which you probably will, since sama is the strongest known material in our parallel universe, your souls will be trapped forever, your awareness intact, alone through the aeons, contemplating your defeat”.
The survivors looked in horror at each other but daren’t speak.
“You!” The lizard commander pointed at Thex. “You are their leader, yes?”
Thex just nodded, he hadn’t been given permission to speak.
“Good”. The lizard laughed insanely. “We’ll do you last. I want you to remember the pain and horror on each of your team’s face and you can take that with you into your eternal prison”. He turned to the lizard beside him. “That girl first!
Orea, the Malakim’s beautiful but feisty chief of communication for everything from code breaking to computers to managing the ship’s transceivers, rose to her feet and head butted the lizard trying to grab her. “I’d rather die”.
The lizard commander raised his weapon and shot both her and her captor with a stun ray. “Afraid not.” He turned to the other captives. “Now if anyone else would like dispute my verdict I’d be more than happy to remove their limbs before the procedure. I thought not. Well we’ll leave the girl until she comes to. I still look forward to seeing her suffer. You then”. He pointed at Arion.
Arion glanced sorrowfully at Thex, his clear pale green eyes saying their goodbye to his longtime friend and commanding officer. Just as he was placed in position he remembered something and quickly mouthed “the prophecy”. At that moment a blast of absolute cold black light surrounded his body and he screamed. When the light disappeared all that remained was a gleaming piece of crystal, a rock the shape of a man, frozen in his scream.
The rock was pushed aside and the next captive put in place.
Thex watched in horror as one by one his team were reduced to stone. He held himself rigid in defiance and deadly calm yet the single tear coursing down his face betrayed him.
Finally the lizard commander turned to Thex. “So, any last requests?” His face made more hideous by his laugh.
Thex glared at him, holding the lizard’s gaze. “Your name”.
“Ha! I don’t know what good that will do you but very well. I am simply the enemy but you can call me Sakla. Are we done then?”
“We are done.” Thex calmly stood himself in position and braced himself for the rays impact. “Until we meet again Sakla of the enemy.”
And then there was only rock.
Sakla shook his head. “We won’t meet again”.
A little while later seven large rocks were pushed out the bay doors and fell as meteorites to the planet below. The sama crystal held its hyper dense structure intact, surviving the entry into the atmosphere and impact. Buried in the ground the only sign of where they landed were the craters made as the impacted earth gave and rippled out in circles.

1

Tyra Aguila Goodwin woke with a start. “That bloody dream again! One day I’ll have to write it down and maybe then it will go away.” Dream was being too kind to it as it was most definitely a nightmare. But she wasn’t sure she wanted it to go away, she loved the dark haired man in the dream. Loved him for his deadly calm and loved him for his compassion. She hoped one day she would dream a better ending for the man and his warriors.
A loud knocking at her front door roused her from her musing. Who’d be knocking at this time of the night?  It’s three in the morning.
Quickly she threw on her trackies and a tee-shirt and made a run for the door yelling “I’m coming!” Ha, that’ll be the day! Now fifty years of age Tyra doubted she'd ever have a lover. She had never managed to so much as snuggle up to a guy without thinking of the man from her nightmares. By no means frigid she’d ‘got by’ on a hearty diet of romance novels and discovering that with the right fantasy, usually featuring supernatural warriors or powerful mages, she could occasionally have an orgasm, or two. She wasn’t entirely sad though on missing out on the whole expensive wedding, white picket fence, two screaming kids and cleaning up after a guy thing. She had a good life, had travelled some and enjoyed her low paying but rewarding job as a research librarian. She planned to take an early retirement in a few years and then if she could get a scholarship she’d probably go back to university and do her post graduate doctorate. If not she might go overseas and volunteer as a research assistant on some archaeological dig.
Tyra peered through the security viewer in her door and saw a youngish but not too intimidating policeman outside. After quickly racking her brain whether she had recently been speeding when driving somewhere and deciding that the policeman wasn’t there for anything she’d done she opened the door with a reasonably friendly face. “Hello?”
The constable took off his hat, “Sorry madam to be troubling you so late but we need you to come down to the morgue right away, we think it's your uncle and need you to identify the remains”.
Tyra sucked a breath in and then paused to calm herself. “Come in while I go and put some better clothes on.”
It would have been cliche to say the morgue was deathly quiet this time of night...but it was. Tyra could see now why the hurry to have the remains viewed...there wasn’t much of them. No doubt it would all be pretty putrid by morning. The heavily slashed body looked like it had been savaged by some large animal. She wasn’t feeling anything, her emotions had shutdown for the time being to protect her. Glancing at Uncle Jack’s rigor mortused right hand she could just make out a piece of paper scrunched in a tight ball. Her librarian’s curiosity got the better of her and since the cops were letting her have a moment on her own before they bombarded her with questions she quickly prized his fingers away from it, retrieved the paper and saw that it had her name on it. She stuffed it into her pocket.
The doors opened and the two tall, burly Central Investigations Bureau cops who had met her when she arrived at the morgue came in. “Its him then? Your uncle?”

2

It was hardly morning. A pale peach coloured sky tentatively bloomed and then gave way to grey clouds and drizzle.
Tyra’s mum opened the door. “Shit”
“Thanks Mum, what’s that for?” Tyra was somewhat taken aback.
“Let me see: it’s Friday and you’ve never missed a day of work in your life, two it's six am and you know I’m not an early riser and three you’re white as a sheet. It can’t be good”.
Tyra’s shoulders slumped and she sighed. “No it’s not good. Can I come inside?”
Annabelle Goodwin, Annie to her friends, took Tyra in her arms, gave her a big hug and led her inside. Stepping back a little she looked appraisingly at her daughter. “You’re cold as ice, come and have a cuppa and tell me all about it”.
Tyra sat down on the couch, listening to the kettle filling sounds coming from the kitchen, wondering how to break the news to her mum.
A few minutes later Annie put a tray of tea down on the coffee table then looked up to the left as if hearing or seeing something. “Ah it's Jack!” She turned a no-nonsense face to her look at her daughter. “What’s happened?”
Tyra shook her head in amazement at her mum’s ever reliable ‘intuitions’. She explained her late night call and visit to the morgue, then on the verge of her emotions breaking she handed the confusing note to her mum.
Annie peered at her brother’s unfailingly messy scrawl and deciphered. “Dear Tyra, If you’re reading this note then the guardianship has passed to you. Don’t mourn me! I did what I came to do and now I return to the all-spirit. I’m sorry I didn’t have time to pass onto you the knowledge you need. Simon’s been on to me for some time to get you up here but I must confess I selfishly decided to let you have your life as long as possible as I knew your career was important to you. Annie knows some of the tale. Simon can tell you the rest. I ask you to override any initial judgements you may make of the man. I trust him with your life. Go to my property up in the lakes. Claim your destiny. Most importantly remember the year 1525. It was the year our ancestors escaped the Din who under the guise of the Spanish Inquisition attempted to eradicate our family. They’re still trying. The heart of stone by love be free. Love. Jack”.
Annie put the note down, came over to the couch, cuddled Tyra against her and they both had a good cry.
After a while Tyra got herself together but the grief still hung heavy in her gut. “Thanks Mum, I needed that. How about you? Are you alright?”
Annie straightened herself and got up. “It was expected. I’ve been having dreams”, she said as if that explained everything. She went over to a Hans Heysen reproduction hanging on the wall, taking the picture down to reveal a small wall safe. She took out an ordinary looking key and some papers and handed Tyra the key.
“This is the key to the farm gate on Jack’s property. It’s a long time since I’ve been up there, Jack tried to keep the family away from it, for good reason. That’s why you’ve only seen him here or in town. One thing I do remember is that you will need that date, it’s a combination code to get in his front door. I’d advise against forcing entry without it as I expect he has certain security measures in place. After the Vietnam war he was never quite the same and he got more wary as time went on. I wouldn’t have called him paranoid because he had good reasons for most of his fears. The place is probably booby trapped”.
Tyra raised an eyebrow at that. “The CIB asked me if he had any enemies”.
Annie took a deep breath. “Oh he had enemies all right but none the police need to know about, for their own safety if nothing else”.
“Is that what the ‘Din’ is, the enemy?” Tyra asked, somewhat curious at such a strange term in the letter as well as whether an enemy that was around in 1525 would still be around.
“I think it’s best you ask Simon about the enemy. Suffice to say they have hounded our family and a few other families for as long as anyone knows. In part I think because each family guards something they want, or want destroyed. But I also think they’ve wanted to destroy us as well, I don’t know why. In any event Jack has … had, one of what they seek and spent his life guarding it.” Annie paused, thinking for a moment about how much to reveal at this stage while Tyra was still reeling from her Uncle’s death. “Perhaps it is this ‘heart of stone’. Family myth says that when the First People were being slaughtered almost to a man by the invaders to their land they asked one of our ancestors, Arthur Goodwin, a free settler, to take over the guardianship. Somehow they recognised him as being from one of the guardian families and knew they could safely hand the duty over to him. There’s been someone of our family living at the property up there ever since. Even I stayed there while Jack was away at that horrid Vietnam war. I think you should go up there straight away. I’ll deal with the will and transfer of deeds for you but you have the key so there is no need to wait”.
“Mum! I have a job.” Tyra exclaimed. “I can’t just go traipsing up the highlands at a moment’s notice”.
“I am afraid dear that this is your job now.” Annie explained firmly. “ You have a responsibility and destiny to fulfill”.
“Destiny? What destiny?”.
Annie just smiled.

3

Tyra followed the hand drawn map her mum had given her; some GPS co-ordinates would have been better. The turn-off from the highway, once she’d backtracked and found it, hadn’t been too bad but now, as the geriatric Subaru 4WD sedan she’d borrowed from her mum came over the brow of the hill, she saw that the road dipped into what must be some ancient crater. Recent rains had washed much of the surface gravel off the crown of the road leaving little more than a bullock track and she worried about the ground clearance for the car. She picked a careful path avoiding the worst of the ruts and only had to ‘go bush’ once to find some surface for the wheels. Getting back up the hill was going to be fun...not!
At the bottom of the road Tyra could see a clearing with a small cabin off to one side, a heavily fortified small cabin half above ground and half seeming to disappear into the rock of the crater. The walls of the front of the cabin had been built from what looked to be the local rock but were covered with enough lichen to make her wonder how old the place really was. Two small windows were covered with a strong grid of security mesh. The front door looked like it was off a large bank vault. There was no chimney she could see and there was no obvious water or electricity supply. There was however a satellite dish on the corner of the roof of the house, whether it was for television or phone she wasn’t sure but at least that meant there must be a power supply somewhere.
It had been a long drive so Tyra was keen to get inside and unpack before nightfall. She could go into the town of Boswell in the morning to get some supplies. She parked the car off to the side and took an arm load of stuff to the door where she found a keypad. The date given in her uncle’s letter did indeed open the locks. Nothing exploded, no alarms, a quick check that she was still in the land of the living. “Phew! Not so bad then”.
Inside was not as forbidding. It was small but all the basic creature comforts seemed to be there: a reasonable modern kitchen, a table and chairs, a comfy chair, an entertainment unit, a small bedroom and bathroom adjoining. Not much but just about everything you’d need. In the bedroom a few pictures of Tyra’s family graced the walls including one of her grandfather who she only vaguely remembered as he’d died when she was seven. There was a built-in wardrobe that took up one wall and seemed to contain a good array of warm clothes, wet weather gear, fishing tackle, some equipment she couldn’t identify and a very large gun safe. “Hmm!” She might have to work out what to do with its contents or at least find a legal way to transfer the guns into her name, if that was even possible in these days of strict gun laws. She assumed the same code number would open the safe. She’d check later. On the other wall of the bedroom she gleefully discovered a large bookcase filled with a varied assortment of books on everything from ancient history, heretical theology, magick, weapons, self defence and the works of more than a few conspiracy theorists. There was a good array of novels too, mostly science fiction but also a complete set of Tolkien's works and what looked to be a first edition ‘Lady Chatterley’s Lover’. “Always meant to read that”, she muttered to herself. With a librarian’s respect for rare books she reverently carried the novel into the kitchen to read later after she made something to eat.
The stove and everything else electrical worked okay, wherever the power was coming from she’d find out later. Tyra quickly cooked up a simple meal of red lentils with carrots and spices from the supplies she’d brought with her. Thirty odd years ago she’d realised that she had inherited her family’s tendency to glucose intolerance. Since then she’d fought an escalating battle to stay healthy and keep the weight off around her middle.  Keeping to a low-gi, vegetarian diet helped and was now second nature.
Tyra’s mother, had extracted a solid promise from her daughter that she would take extra care of herself, being up here on her own. So, feeling somewhat like an overly obedient child, she locked up the car for the night and bolted the front door before settling down to her meal and the book.


It had gone past 11pm, she must have dozed off. Tyra then realized with a start what had woken her. Peering out the window she saw two Holden utes rumbling down her road, their hunter’s lights on top of their vehicles glaring brightly. The men on the back of the utes were shouting and carrying-on as if drunk. A few started shooting their rifles in the air.
“Hey girlie, we know you’re in there, come out and play with us”, one of the guys yelled out.
Tyra’s heart pounded, as she ducked out of sight of the window, probably too late as her shadow there and the fact the lights were on in the cabin made it unlikely they wouldn’t have seen her.
It was then that Tyra realised that she hadn’t seen any phone in the cabin. If there’d been a satellite phone it was long gone. Pulling out her mobile phone she could see that it wasn’t going to be much help either. There was obviously no signal this far down in the crater. She wasn’t a particularly religious person but a quick “God help me” call to the almighty or whatever universal force might be out there didn’t seem to hurt.
There was a loud bang as a bullet glanced off the window above her head. Okay, that’s good, must be some kind of super strength armour plated glass or something. Maybe she was safer in here than she thought. If she could just calm herself so as not to do anything stupid in a panic.
A loud bashing sound against the door didn’t help Tyra’s nerves but the door did hold. “Come on girlie, we only want to fuck our new neighbour. It’s rude not to ask us in”, said the derisive voice from the other side.
Just then she heard more shots and an exclamation of “fuck” from outside. “Let’s get out of here”.
“Got to go girlie” said a receding voice, “but we’ll be back, don’t you worry about that”.
Curious to see what had led to the quick turn of events she stood up to look out the window. A lone man was walking down the hill. Clothed from neck to ankle in a long dark coat and a black beanie on his head it was hard to make out any details except that he seemed to be of medium height and carrying some kind of rifle. He stood and waited while the utes left, apparently totally unsurprised that his presence alone sufficed to see them off. Why he thought himself bullet proof she could only imagine, arrogance or malignant optimism, she wasn’t sure.
When all was once again quiet he strolled over to the cabin and knocked on the door.  “They’ve gone Tyra, you going to invite me in or shall I just let myself in?”
His arrogance was obviously the answer to her question.
“Who are you?” Tyra was pretty sure she knew but the question still needed to be asked.
“Simon Harris of course, who were you expecting at this time of night? Your fairy godmother?” He paused. “I suppose technically I am your godfather.”
He seemed to be joking, with himself or her Tyra wasn’t sure.
Having never met the man Tyra didn’t know what he looked like but the personality sure as hell fit what her family had described. She opened the door.

4

Tyra had always imagined that Uncle Jack's friend Simon would be an older man, older than her uncle anyway if they had known each other for so long. Grey haired, grizzled in appearance with perhaps a bit an old sea captain’s goatee beard. He’d carry a walking stick and his posture would be like some gnarly old oak tree, to suit his reputed personality.
The thirty-something man standing in Tyra’s doorway was nothing like that. The pair of clear steel grey eyes piercing her very soul were the only grey things about him. He took off his beanie revealing short cropped coppery brown hair that looked almost metallic. He turned to close the door, took off his long wool felt coat, put his semi-automatic on the kitchen table, then turned to face her.
“Why the hell didn’t you or Annie call me to tell me you were coming here?” He growled.
Definitely arrogant, Tyra thought as she calmed herself so as not to respond to his open hostility. “My uncle is dead, apparently mauled by some large animal. I got pulled out of bed in the middle of the night to see his grisly remains. I spent a day running around madly to arrange for some extended time off work, threw together some supplies and made a quick dash up here because my mother insisted I have some mysterious duty or destiny to fulfill and in the middle of all that I was supposed to ring you? A man I might add who is like some sort of family legend but who I’ve never met and appears to be way too young to be who he’s supposed to be”.
Simon ground his teeth. “I’m the man who until last night kept your uncle alive and every other guardian before him. It is my job to protect you. I can’t do that if I have to wait until you shout your plea for help loud enough into the ether for me to know you need me”.
Tyra was astounded and disbelieving that he’d heard her distress. “How is someone who is foolish enough to stand in the open when there were men out there with guns going to be of any help to me?”
“Foolish!” Simon bristled. He strode into the bedroom, unlocked the gun safe using the pin number which he obviously knew, brought out a handgun and loaded it.
I’m a dead woman, Tyra thought to herself.
Simon walked right up to her, place the gun in her hand, putting her finger on the trigger. “Shoot me!”
“I’m not going to shoot you. What, are you crazy?”
Tyra lowered the weapon and was going to unload it when Simon grabbed her arm placed the gun at his chest and forced her to fire. The blast deafened her. There was a bullet buried in the wall behind him, but he was still standing.
“What the hell!” Tyra screamed, tears streaming down her face as she dropped the gun in her hand to the carpet below.
Simon calmly unbuttoned his shirt, grabbed Tyra’s hand again and placed it on his unmarred skin.
Tyra started shaking in fear and wonder. “What are you?”
“Ah, a very good question indeed?” But not one Simon was inclined to answer just yet.
A myriad of questions raced through Tyra’s mind. “Where’s your car? How’d you know I was here and in trouble?”
Just like that Simon vanished from in front of her. Tyra stared at where he’d been then suddenly felt a hand on her shoulder. She swung around, terrified, ready to hit out but Simon swerved out of her way.
Tyra’s heart pounded. “You’re scaring me” she yelled, her emotions now frayed into a million ribbons.
“What I’m trying to show you”, Simon sighed as he calmly picked up the handgun from the floor and sat himself down into the one comfy chair in the room, “is that I am an immensely powerful being. Nothing”, he paused, “well almost nothing, can hurt me. I can be anywhere I choose in an instant. I don’t need transportation. I came when I heard your terror in the ether, I connected with it and followed it here. I could have spent half the night explaining all this to your no doubt disbelieving mind but I don’t like wasting time.”
Tyra sat her still shaking self as far away from Simon as she could, on one of the kitchen chairs. “Well it’s not possible”.
Simon casually unloaded the handgun. “What’s harder to believe is that your family would keep you in ignorance and away from your destiny for so many years. Do you know anything?”
“I’ve been busy having a life for the last fifty years or so, a nice normal life and a good career. I have a loving mum who raised me on her own and had a pretty nice but somewhat eccentric uncle who told me nothing of mysterious enemies, destinies or arrogant indestructible beings. That’s what I know.” Tyra couldn’t believe she was having this discussion anyway.
Simon, absent mindedly rubbed his chin with his thumb. Having made some decision he got up and walked over to her. “I think you’ve had enough for one night. I don’t need you in shock. Go to bed and we’ll talk more in the morning. I’ll keep watch”.
“Sleep!” Tyra shook her head, “you’ve got to be joking, I’m buzzing with that much adrenalin I couldn’t sleep for a week if I tried”.
“You will, I command it”. Simon raised his hand to her forehead and caught her in his arms as she collapsed into a deep dreamless sleep.

5

Tyra woke, startled to find herself naked in bed, she never slept naked. Rummaging through her half awake brain the last thing she remembered was an evening too strange to be true. However the male figment of her imagination from the evening before was ratting around her kitchen cupboards obviously making breakfast. Stretching she got up and found some clothes. Noticing two impressions in the bed she had a moment’s horrifying thought, had anything happened to her while she slept, she pressed a finger to the opening between her legs, phew!
There was a hearty chuckle from the kitchen. “I assure you Tyra that if I’d had sex with you you’d have known about it.”
Tyra didn’t know whether to be relieved or affronted, let alone worry that he had a sixth sense for just about everything she thought or did. She sighed. She was too old for him anyway.
Simon had made them both some muesli out of the nuts and edible seeds Tyra had brought with her, a pot of her favourite Japanese green tea and there was a small jug of berry juice on the table. The food was more tempting than continuing to worry about the previous night’s sleeping arrangements. It was morning, she was alive and apparently reasonably safe, and had the dubious madman in her kitchen to thank for it. Life could be a lot worse.
Simon sat down and poured some juice on his muesli. “You have questions”.
That was an understatement. Tyra chewed her breakfast for a moment while she considered what to ask first. “How can bullets pass right through, not harm you, but I can touch you? You’re solid, you’re eating.”
“I am not from your plane of existence. I do not exist as solid matter. My body is of a higher vibrational frequency than yours. I choose to manifest the appearance of a body capable of acting in this world. It’s a mental construct.” Simon paused to take a sip of his tea.
A mental construct that obviously enjoys food. Tyra brushed a hair off her forehead as she considered this. Okay, going down the rabbit hole here. “What’s your true form?”
Simon got up and rummaged through some cupboards until he found what he wanted. He brought over a pair of dark wraparound sunglasses and a set of earphones from near the entertainment unit. “Use these for a moment and don’t take them off until I say”.
Curious but going along with his instructions Tyra put them on.
Suddenly the room was impossibly bright and a high pitched sound nearly brought Tyra to her knees. Relief swamped her as it all stopped a few seconds later.
“You can take them off now.” Simon sat back down. “What you just saw would blind unprotected eyes. Its not actually possible for you, as you are now, to perceive me at that frequency level.”
“So what does that make me, some kind of demon from your underworld” Tyra grumbled.
Simon laughed heartily. “Close but not quite, this plane is just a more slowly vibrating level of existence. All planes of existence look normal and solid to those that exist in them but none of them are truly real”.
Okay, here comes the existential question of all time, Tyra thought to herself. “What then is real?”
Simon seemed pleased. “That is an excellent question”.
Tyra frowned. “And are you going to answer it?”
“Not yet”.
Frustrating man. Tyra decided to finish her breakfast rather than try and engage in further conversation, for a bit.
After breakfast Tyra collected up the plates, put them in the sink of washing up water and handed Simon a tea towel to dry up with. There was something companionable about sharing the chore, she wondered if was it something she had missed out on by never having a man in her life. “One more thing you might (emphasising the ‘might’) tell me. Where does the power and water for this place come from?”
Simon’s piercing grey eyes considered her. “I’ll take you downstairs in a moment and show you. It’s time you met your destiny.”


Tyra shook her head in amazement, again. Of course there’s a hidden door in the wardrobe! It was just another of many signs that her life had taken a strange turn. The door was another of those bank vault style doors like the one on the front of the cabin, this one accessed apparently by Simon’s hand print. Mental constructs have handprints?
There was a platform on the other side of the door and a ladder that descended into an underground cave. It smelled of damp but the air was quite breathable. Electric lighting made the area seem quite pleasant and spacious. Tyra followed after Simon as they continued on down a narrow passageway that looked, by the chisel marks and amount of dust on some of the rocks, like it had been hewn by hand many years ago. Halfway along the passageway they came to a small pool that collected the rainwater dripping down the rocks. A pump obviously took a feed of water back up to the cabin before the water from the pools overflow disappeared down a crevice. One mystery solved.
“The cabin's power comes from wind turbine up on the hill, it's mostly hidden from view but I'm looking to install a more secure backup electrical supply”.
Tyra tensed for a moment, Simon's mind reading was going to take a bit of getting used to.
At the end of the passage was a grotto and in its centre a large piece of crystal about two metres in height. Tyra had never seen a crystal of its like.
Simon, sensing her curiosity decided an explanation was in order. “We believe the enemy call it sama crystal. It's formed when a beam of dark light from one of their weapons comes in contact with a carbon based life form. Our scientists have studied it and have determined that its dense crystalline structure is octahedral and that it’s a rare form of an element that contains no electrons or protons, only neutrons. Chemically it would be zero on the periodic table. Because it has no electrons we can't use our sonic technology to dissolve or change its molecular bonds. Don’t ask me to explain the physics of it as I’m not a scientist’s tail end. Our experts muttered something about how high energy quantum states operate at absolute zero temperatures and something to do with degenerate nuclear matter, none of which I have the foggiest notion of.
Tyra rolled her eyes.  She walked over to it for a closer look.
Simon watched her attentively, as if waiting for something. “Put your hand on it and close your eyes”.
Tyra did just that, on impulse first caressing the rock then placing her right hand firmly in place. She closed her eyes, her inner focus being drawn into her third eye, just above and between her eyebrows. There was a flash of blue light as if a doorway had opened in her mind. “Where the hell have you been?” A loud and very angry masculine voice reverberated in her mind.
Tyra reeled back, breaking the connection and starring at the rock in disbelief. “It’s alive!”
Simon chuckled. “Very much so. Actually everything is ‘alive’ as you call it but Thex didn’t start out as that piece of rock, he was once a living breathing man like me. Let me have a word with him for a sec”. He walked over to the the crystal and rested his forehead against it for a moment or two then moved away. “Try again now”.
The rock’s a him? Tyra reached her hand out again to touch the rock, closed her eyes again remade the connection in her mind. “Hello Thex?”
A little less anger seemed to roll through her mind this time. “At least say my name right, it’s a ‘th’ as in ‘those’ not a ‘th’ as in ‘thing’ and I’m sorry” said the voice in her head “I’ve been trapped in here a very, very long time. I've been waiting for you since you were born. I’ve wanted you from that moment but everyone, first Simon and then Jack and Annie, kept telling me to wait, to wait. All-spirit do they have any idea of how long I’ve waited?”
“I, um...” Her mum had met Thex? Tyra was so lost for words to express how she felt, talking to a rock, she ended up with only questions. “I didn’t know, I’m sorry, what do you want from me, how can I help?”
“You are the prophesied one who can free me. I just need you to love me Tyra, love me and accept me, please”. The man’s plea tore at Tyra’s soul.
“I don't see how love alone is going to free you. You're the one aren't you that's been in my dreams my whole life. I certainly have affection for you even if I wouldn't go as far as calling it love but I don't see how any of that is going to get you out of that rock”.
Simon thinks there is a way. It was long ago foretold that humans would be born with compassion so strong that they could release us but first they would need to liberate themselves and learn to love us.
Simon and Tyra stayed with Thex for a while, Tyra getting to know him a bit and Simon having a discussion with him she wasn’t privy to. Thex’s final words to Tyra had been to “surrender yourself to Simon's teaching. You have much to learn, and I’m being selfish when I say the sooner you learn the better for me, please Tyra.” When they left Tyra had very damp eyes.


Back upstairs in the kitchen Simon leaned against the cupboard. He had the handgun back in his hand. “We need to go into town. I need to work tonight and we need to sort out about your guns. There are times that I might need to be elsewhere and you’ll need to be able to protect yourself”. He winced. “Unfortunately they got to your uncle when I was last away. I felt his terror but came back too late.” He let out a deep sigh then handed the gun to Tyra. “This is a Walther PPK, made famous I believe by a certain fictional spy. It takes a nine millimetre round and has the advantage that the front sight and the trigger guard aren’t likely to catch on clothing if you have to pull it out of an inside pocket quickly. It will kill at close range. Make sure you have it on you at ALL times”.
Tyra felt the weight of the gun in her hand, not too heavy. “I have a gun license for a basic shotgun and rifle for vermin control but nothing like this or the amount of weapons that must be in that safe. The police are going to say I don’t have an adequate reason for them”.
Simon nodded. “That’s why we need to go into Boswell, we’ll give them a reason.”
“And report last night,” Tyra could hardly forget her fright from the evening before.
“We won’t because the cops can’t touch ‘them’, and it would be dangerous for them to even try. We’ll go to the pub instead”.
Tyra raised her eyebrows, she still didn’t even know who ‘them’ was, but she was starting to get a sense of Simon’s character and guessed he’d only explain further when he felt like it.


Tyra thought Simon would have zapped himself into town rather than ride with her in the car but he seemed happy enough to be a passenger. She put the Sube into low gear and kept the revs up, vaguely remembering her four-wheel driving instructor having once said that these 4WD station wagons didn’t have a lot of torque low down. Although none of the car nerds she’d ever met seemed to be able to explain exactly what torque was.  She secretly expected they didn’t really know either. Once she got going she kept a steady pace until they were up and out of the crater. Whether by Simon’s mental powers or luck the trip out wasn’t too bad. She’d have to look at getting a better track benched into the hill, whatever that would cost she didn’t want to think about right now.
“Simon, I’ve had a recurring nightmare all my life. Not about me but about a gorgeous man with long fine braids of blue black hair. That’s Thex?”
“You know it is.”
“Oh come on please, what about a bit of ‘what-when-why’?”
“A hundred thousand years ago, more or less, a species of being that was trapped between the planes of existence wanted out. We think they might have been the souls of some of the more evolved dinosaur predators that roamed your earth before an asteroid hit them 650,000 years ago. Most life reincarnated into equivalent animal forms but possibly not all. Life in The Between probably isn’t that great so we guess it was a case of the grass being very much greener on the other side. They’re basically egoistic greed driven creatures but they didn’t want to suffer on the plane of existence below them, which is where they really belong, so they went to the next level above instead. Over time they had evolved in The Between and developed technology. They found a way to use a substance called dark light, a kind of anti-light if you will, to create doorways to this plane. They have more of an affinity with the mineral world than they do plant or animal life. Your world and others like it were rich in durable minerals and pretty gems so they decided that this part of the universe would be a good place ‘set up shop’, build an empire and have a life of luxury. They hid so well on your planet that most of your kind have never suspected they even exist, except very early on when they openly posed as gods. Thex and his team tried to stop them from entering your plane of existence in the first place or at the very least to engage them in battle and force them back to where they came from. The Din as we call them used one of their dark light portals to enter directly onto Thex’s ship and they also used a variant of the same technology to trap Thex and his surviving crew members in a form of matter from which they were unable to use their mental powers to escape from.”
“So where do I come in?”
“There’s a prophecy that says that ‘the heart of stone by love be freed’.”
“So I have to fall in love with him or something?”
“Not in the limited human sense of love. Our love is one of total acceptance of another, an acceptance so deep we do not try to change the other. We don’t try and own, possess or control each other like most human spouses do. We enjoy the outer personality and container of the person as a unique and temporary expression of the all-spirit and honour it as such. Although to be perfectly frank our lives are not quite as temporary as yours. At the same time we acknowledge that the eternal all-spirit within each of us is one and the same. Our true love is when we love another person literally as part of ourselves and we don’t necessarily limit it to one person as your kind often do”.
Tyra frowned “But why me? Couldn’t one of you have done that? And let’s be honest here, the guy seems nice but how am I going to make myself love him? Most of all, how is all that going to free him from the stone?”
“To be perfectly honest we don’t know why it needs a human although the development of compassion is one the key lessons of this plane and we believe it's what's needed to get him and the others free. Many of us have come and tried to connect with the trapped but while we can love them it doesn’t seem to be enough to reascend them out of their current form back into their true form. I did the ritual of union with Thex but to no avail, although our minds are now linked  most of the time and he has experienced much of this world through me. When I first had the prophecy...”
“Whoa up there! You’re the one who had the prophecy? You’re the boy in my dream?”
Simon simply nodded, he wasn’t one to spend time confirming the obvious. “Thex’s father asked me to do a follow up prophecy. What I got was pictures instead of words. The all-spirit showed me seven humans, on the brink of ascension from their own plane of existence, who would learn our ways of love, find enlightenment and liberate both themselves and the trapped. It showed me a way. I’ve been waiting thousands upon thousands of years for you humans to get your act together and reach the point you could help us. Humans nearly evolved to that point twelve thousand years ago when the last global culture reached its peak. They were mostly coastal sea-going people, living throughout the ice free tropics and subtropics.  They all but got wiped out when the climate warmed. All thanks to the enemy messing with this planet’s ionosphere so that they could have a planet warmer to their lizard liking. When the temperature reached a critical threshold point a sudden mass melting of the glaciers flooded most of the urban areas of the time under a couple of hundred feet of water and silt. Human civilization only recently re-evolved to the necessary stage, in the late 1980s and early 1990s, about the same time most humans started realising that the planet’s resources were running out and that both the biosphere and the world economy were on borrowed time.”
“But Simon, or is it Shimon, I’m just a soon to be retired librarian. If you wanted an enlightened person you should have gone looking for a sage in India or Tibet or maybe some new-ager in California. I wouldn’t have the faintest idea of how to achieve what you want from me.”
“You can call me Simon, it's a more modern name that your culture relates to easier. I was named Shimon as I can at times hear the will of the all-spirit, Shimon simply means one who hears. Liberating yourself it isn’t something you ‘achieve’, in fact quite the opposite. We need to undo you. As for love, you don’t fall into it, you simply remove the blockages in in its way. If you will accept me (he emphasised the ‘accept’) I will guide you.”
They both lapsed into thought for the rest of the trip into town.
Tyra wondered how you go about ‘undoing’ a person. She’d finally gotten some information but she wasn’t liking it. She felt like she was being set up to fail big time. Maybe Simon was getting alzheimers in his old age, after all 100,000 years was an awfully long time to remember a prophecy. She peered intently down the road.
In the passenger seat Simon did his best to refrain from laughing as he read Tyra’s thoughts. For Simon time was just another mental construct.
6

Sergeant Michael Wilson looked up from his desk and groaned. “Simon, to what do I owe the misfortune...”
“Oh, don’t be like that Michael.  I happened to hear those government money grubbers down south were cutting funding for the town’s youth centre and thought I might help out”. Simon handed Michael a fairly thick unsealed envelope.
Michael looked inside the envelope and drew breath, a frown wrinkling his brow.  “That would certainly keep the centre going for the kids but I’ve got to ask you Simon, this is not a bribe for anything is it?”
Simon straightened himself as if insulted. “Now Michael, if I’d asked for something then given it to you that would be a bribe but I’ve asked nothing and given it to you so it must be a gift mustn't it?”.
Michael, still frowning dubiously at the envelope, as if it would leap up and bite him at any moment, pushed it to the side of his desk for further consideration. He tilted his head in Tyra’s direction “You haven’t introduced me.”
“Tyra Aguila Goodwin this is Sergeant Michael Wilson, our only and much overworked law enforcement in the town.
Michael extended his hand, firmly grasping Tyra’s hand. “Pleased to meet you Tyra, I’m sorry about your uncle.  The CIB are stilling looking into the case but I have to admit it has us puzzled. There hasn’t been any DNA found on the body or at the site it was found.  Nothing that would indicate who or even what did it. Forensics will take another look but it doesn’t look hopeful. Are you planning to sell Jack’s place or move into our tiny little town?”
Tyra shrugged her shoulders, “I don’t know yet.  I just thought I’d better come up and see what needed sorting out here.  Mum’s looking after the funeral and the transfer of the family’s trust which Jack administered. I found a gun safe at Uncle Jack’s cabin and hoped I could transfer them into my name rather than hand them in.”
“Hmm”, Michael considered her for a moment. “Do you have a gun license?”
“Yes, here you go”, Tyra placed the card on the sergeant's desk.
Michael looked up Jack Goodwin’s records on the computer. “Your license is only a standard license for a shotgun and a 22 calibre rifle. It appears Jack had some considerable firepower which he had military clearance for but it’s going to be hard to justify a reason for you to keep them”.
“She has a reason”, Simon interrupted. “She’s my new bodyguard”.
Michael choked out a laugh, “you, need a bodyguard?”
Simon raised his eyes attempting an innocent look, “I feel threatened”.
Michael glanced at the envelope on his desk and then eyed Simon, “that I doubt.” Sighing heavily he pulled out some forms and handed them to Tyra to fill in.  “I can’t make any promises, the request for a licence upgrade will need to go to head office.  In the meantime memorise this, get some training and arrange to get yourself tested for level three certification as an armed security guard and get an up-to-date first aid licence”.  He handed Tyra a booklet and a list of the few registered people who could test her. “I’ll give you three months to at least complete the basic training on controlling situations with firearms. If you haven’t progressed that far by then I’m confiscating the guns.  At some stage I’ll need to come out to the cabin to view the guns in their storage so I can see that everything is up to current regs.”
Michael glared at Simon “You better not be messing with me Simon.  If I find you’re using Tyra to expand your operation I’ll come down on you with the full force of the law. The legislation states that only a one-person operation is allowed. Is that clear?”
Simon smiled the smile of victor, “Perfectly clear.”


Tyra was totally aghast, “did you just bribe the local police officer”?
“Of course not, Michael is far too honest for that”, Simon paused, “but he’s not stupid either.  No one in the town wants the youth club to close.  I have the kind of money that can make things happen. No, it was just, let’s say an opportunely synchronous transaction.”  
“A what?” Opportunely synchronous transaction my ass.
“I expect by next week there might even be some new gym equipment out of that little donation. We’ll even enrol you in a few self defence classes there. I’m thinking Aikido as its more spiritually focused and a little bit of Indonesian Pencak Silat which is an extremely versatile fighting style and will get you fit and nimble on your feet. A couple of the locals are masters.
Tyra’s jaw dropped. “Aren’t you forgetting a little something here? You know, fifty year old sedentary librarian and all that. And what was all that about your one man operation?”.
Simon eyed her uncertainly. “We’ll get to that later.  I have a client tonight so you’ll find out all about my business then”.
Tyra knew he was hiding something but guessed it would be futile to pursue it further. She hoped it wasn’t something criminal but if the cop knew about it couldn’t be too bad, could it? If she was going to find out tonight she’d find out tonight. “What’s next then? You said something about going to the pub”.


The Bush Ranger’s Rest was a worn down small country town pub.  It had been built in the eighteen hundreds when bush rangers really did roam the area. It still had the original post and rail fence out front for tying your horse to.
Simon leaned on the lichen covered post and rail, in the shade of a large cootamundra wattle that was just starting to come out into bloom. He reached into his pocket for a small container, took out a pinch of dust and placed it carefully in his palm. “Before we go inside I need to open your eyes to a deeper level of reality. I need to blow a bit of this dust into your eyes. It won’t hurt but your eyes might water for a moment”.
Tyra wasn’t too sure about this but it couldn’t be any stranger than anything else he’d shown her, could it? “It won’t do any long term damage will it?”
“Not at the micro-dose I’m going to use”.
Not exactly reassuring but “okay”.
Tyra’s eyes did indeed water. “Bloody hell, what was that stuff?”
Simon ignored her question and just waited.
The watering stopped and she looked around and … wow! There were little bits of light flittering around the opening blooms of the wattle tree. Tyra looked at Simon and was not entirely surprised to see him encased in bright light, mostly white but with hints of gold, violet and magenta.
Simon arched his brow, “Ready then?”


Inside the pub they found a table against the wall.  The room smelled of beer, old carpet and polished wood. There was a clink of glass as the waiter behind the bar stacked a small dishwasher. Tyra was not surprised that Simon had chosen a position where he could easily see everyone in the room.
“Two of your usual?” asked an obviously tired but friendly young waitress.
“Thanks Melissa. That would be great, keep the change”.
Melissa beamed at him.  Being Australia tips were almost unheard of as everyone expected to pay a fixed and fair price and no more, good service was just expected. No one ever complained about bad service, they’d just go elsewhere.
Tyra nodded in the direction of the bar as the waitress walked away. “That was nice”.
“They’re good to me here.  They don’t rib me too much over my drinking orange juice and it’s useful to come in here and catch up on what’s going on it town. Also, she doesn’t know it yet but she has a bub on the way. Try not to stare but look at her and then at her belly.”
Tyra concentrated on the colours around the waitress, figuring that that must be her aura, not that she knew anything about auras or how to read them.  But she did notice a point of white light in the belly. Guessing from the tiny size, if that light was from a child then it must be pretty new.
“Last night’s winter solstice ritual with her boyfriend Rob.”
Tyra glanced around the pub, noticing a couple of patrons at the bar, again with auras, even if a little muddier than the waitress’s.  Suddenly she stopped breathing as she notice the guy at the end of the pub who was eating his counter meal.  He’d glanced up at them, lifted his glass in salute and then went back to finishing his meal.  What had her in a state of shock was what was in his aura, or more precisely what was his aura.  He looked to be encased in the impression of a very large reptile.  Its scaly lion shaped head and cruel eyes swung around to peer at her. Tyra quickly averted her eyes and took an ice cold swig of orange juice from the glass that had just been placed in front of her.  “Flipping hell! That’s not real. It can’t be real.”
What was even worse was that the wily looking businessman had just finished his meal and was now stalking over to them, beast and all.
The stranger licked his lips. “Simon, I see you’ve acquired a tasty morsel for me”.
Simon made a noticeable growling sound, gritting his teeth. “She’s mine Steven, if you value your men you will keep them away from her”.
Steven raised his eyebrows as if surprised. “So the great Mr Harris is reduced to making threats”.
“I only deal in facts Steven, not threats, you know that.  If you don’t want your men getting a quick trip to reincarnating into their next lives then they’d better leave Tyra alone.”
“Then she’d better not be the prophesied one better she? The big boss doesn't want those bastards let loose and interfering with his global business.”  At that he stomped out.

7

Tyra stood outside Simon’s door looking at the clear night sky. This far from the city and its pollution the sky sparkled with many constellations.  The Milky Way formed a white road of a zillion stars. Wrapped in Simon’s warm ankle length bluey wool felt coat, thick gloves and a cap she felt like she was in her own cozy observatory.
Around the bend came a deep blue Bentley GT Continental, coming to a stop outside Simon’s door.  The menacingly sleek sportscar looked new, its enamel ‘B’ on the front grill declaring to all the world its pedigree.
The driver reassured his passenger that yes he would wait.  
Tyra was no expert in high fashion but taking in the cut of the coat and the mass of jewellery on the fingers there was little doubt the lady that stepped out of the car was in the rich league.
Tyra nodded politely and gave what she hoped was a good business-like smile. “Evening”.
The tall blonde truly looked down her nose at Tyra. “Evening”, then looked hesitantly at the door as if psyching herself up for something.
Tyra opened it for her.
The lady steeled herself with a deep breath and entered.
Tyra wandered down to chat to the driver. Simon had said he’d be busy for a while.
George Morrisby had gotten out of the car to have a joint rather than sully the hand-crafted dark fiddleback eucalyptus interior and sumptuous upholstery of the magnificent car.  He didn’t really look like a George Morrisby.  He had an ancestor who had been a British army major stationed in Sudan after Britain and Egypt retook Sudan in 1898 and made it a protectorate. As the fifth son of a minor British lord William Smythe Morrisby had little back in Britain to interest him so when he fell in love with a local girl he decided to make Sudan his home. His descendants had made a reasonable living importing and exporting goods from Britain. Never really accepted in his homeland, partially because of his mixed blood and partially because his family were Anglican rather than Orthodox Christian or Sunni Muslim, he had left his country in his late teens and gone to Oxford to study engineering.  One summer he came home from college to find his family had been massacred as collateral damage in one of Sudan’s many sectarian struggles for power. After five years in refugee camps, two years in an Australian immigrant detention centre and one year in a settlement program he had finally gained his citizenship and become an Australian only to find he couldn’t get work.  His English might have been immaculate but times were hard and even though no one was openly racist he knew his skin colour went against him. He tried not to blame them, few outside of Africa knew anything about his country and most had only seen the worst of his fellow Africans on their new bulletins, brutal dictators, machete wielding madmen and the like. Simon had found him and offered him a job as his personal chauffeur.  When he wasn’t running clients up to Simon he made a bit extra hiring the Bentley out for Weddings. He smoked the dope to help forget the pain of the past. His large hand gripped Tyra’s and he smiled. “What’s someone like you doing watching Simon’s door?”
Tyra decided George seemed an honest down-to-earth character so she decided on an honest reply.  “I had reason to need a security license so Simon gave me the job. I’m still learning. This is my first night. By the way what is it that Simon actually does that has the rich elite making a two hour drive to this neck of the woods?”
George frowned, searching his brain for a safe answer. “Ah. That’s not for me to say, you’d better ask Simon for the specifics.  But that one tonight’s from Melbourne.  Nearly all of them I pick up at the airport. Simon pays me well so I don’t ask too many questions.”
Tyra sensed she wasn’t going to get any more out of George.  They spent the rest of the evening casually discussing the weather, the footy and engaged in the Australian pastime of bagging the politicians from all sides of politics. Once or twice she thought she heard a cry or shout coming from the house but George calmly told her to ignore it and went back to their conversation.
Some three hours later the lady re-emerged, no longer looking hesitant but instead she held herself with grace and calm. As she walked to the car peace and serenity wafted off her in waves. She ignored Tyra and nodded to the passenger door for George let her.
George gave Tyra a quick hug in farewell “Guess I’ll be seeing you around then.  Take care.”
“You too, see you ‘round.”
Tyra watched as the Bentley disappeared in the night, turning when she heard a call behind her.
Simon had partially opened his front door.  “Tyra, you give me a hand here?”
“Yeah, sure, coming.”


Tyra’s eyes bugged as she took the sight of Simon and his lounge room. Simon was dressed, if you could call it dressed, in black leather boots, black leather undies and some kind of studded strapping that criss-crossed his back and chest.  At one end of the lounge stood a sturdy wooden cross frame with what looked like furry cufflinks hanging from its ends and around the floor were an array of ropes and whips.
Simon pointed to the catch at the back of his body harness. “Can you undo that for me, it’s always a struggle to get out of this thing and since you’re here...”
“Um...okay? Tyra came over to him and helped. “So, um, this is your job then?” She unhooked the costume, despite her confused feelings she paused momentarily to touch his smooth warm skin.
Simon turned to face her, gently caressing her cheek. “It’s more than my job Tyra, its part of the way assigned to me by my spiritual mentor Meta, Thex’s father. I’ve been a kadesh, sacred whore all my adult life.”
Tyra, stilled, horrified. “Spiritual? This?” She indicated the equipment in the room. She shook her head in denial. “plain sex I might understand as a physical act of love but how can this be anything spiritual?”
Simon took Tyra firmly by the hand, leading her in the direction of the frame.
Tyra resisted vigorously “oh no you don’t!”
“Not you silly, I would never force anything on you, you are Goddess to me”. He walked up to frame and placed his right hand in a cuff, securing it firmly. “Now you do up the other one.”
Horror wrote itself across Tyra’s face. “You can’t be asking me to hurt you, surely?”
“You can’t hurt me, I’m almost immortal remember, and you don’t even have to whip me hard if you don’t want to.  I simply want you to act a part and consider the viewpoint for a moment, call it role play if you will. I’d have thought that you would have caught on by now that I prefer demonstrations to long-winded explanations. Consider it part of your training. You don’t even have to enjoy it”.
“Enjoy it? You’re bloody joking!” Tyra considered the situation for a moment and decided that Simon wasn’t going to let up on this until she at least acted the part and yet for Thex’s sake she was supposed to follow Simon’s guidance. She couldn’t tell what expressions might be on Simon’s face because he was facing the frame, simply patiently waiting for her as if he had complete faith that she would do as he asked. So she walked over and attached the other arm cuff and picked up the least dangerous looking of the whips. Maybe she could give him just a few quick swipes with one and that would be enough for him to have made his point, whatever his point was. At least this whip seemed to be made with soft strips of pliable leather. “Okay what do I do now?”
“Hit anywhere you want across the shoulders or the buttocks, the backs of the legs are also fine but don’t go as hard. Avoid the kidney area, the neck, head and the back of the knees as they’ll hurt more than I’d enjoy and you could do real damage there...if I was human”.
Tyra couldn’t get over that he was letting her take control like this.  “You’re putting an awful lot of trust in me”.
“Exactly, the given and receiving of trust is one of the pleasures of this. Now whip me!”
Tyra’s heartbeat sped up. Okay I can do this, carefully. She aimed for his shoulders.
“I didn’t feel that”, came a grumble. “Harder!”
Tyra aimed at the other shoulder and hit harder.
Simon cried out in exaltation. “Yes! Again!”
Tyra was awed that he was enjoying this.  It gave her a small thrill that she was standing here giving a man pleasure in this way, even if it wasn’t anything she had dreamt of doing. “More?”
“Yes, but a good mistress would randomly intersperse the whipping with some soft caresses, kisses and licking”.
Yeah, sure...then again, why not? It wasn’t like she’d get a man in this position again, take your chances when you can. Tyra walked over and kissed the reddened areas of Simon’s back.
He moaned.
Tyra got a little more creative but took her time.  An unknown mean streak in her didn’t want Simon guessing when she’d whip him so she kept things random, trying occasionally for the buttocks like he’d suggested, changing the pace and stopping once to lick her tongue up the full length of his back. Simon’s moaning and squirming were making her hot in places she hadn’t expected. Her panties were damp and she was sure she was smelling her own arousal as well as Simon’s.
Simon was panting. “Enough! Release me!”
Sad that her unexpected foray into the dark side of life had come to an end Tyra reluctantly released Simon from his cuffs.
Simon grabbed Tyra by the back of her hair and bruised her lips in a punishing kiss.  “All-spirit, it didn’t occur to me that you would take to that so well.” When he came up for breath he drew back and looked at her with adoration and wonder. “Your turn.”
Tyra broke free of Simon’s embrace. “in your dreams fella”. Not looking back she made a dash for what looked like a spare bedroom, snibbed the lock and braced the door with chair.  Aroused, confused and horrified she wasn’t really sure if she was protecting herself from Simon or the other way around.
Back in the lounge Simon grinned and licked his lips “in your dreams then”.

8

Tyra lay back on the bed in Simon’s spare room, at least she hoped it was his spare room and not the master bedroom. Why did that thought make her hot? She counted on her fingers all the ways she was so morally screwed. Disgust, definitely she’d been horrified when she’d realised what Simon did but more the disgust was because he had called it spiritual. Shame because she’d was sorry to have left Simon the way he was in the lounge and shame that she had enjoyed what she’d done. Envy of all those women. Did he only do women she wondered? How many could there have been over thousands of years? Delusion because she was surely deluded if she tried to deny that she’d become completely turned on. Fear that she could easily be tempted to do it all again, fear that she might actually enjoy it herself, what other hidden aspects of herself were lurking? Lust for Simon’s body, she hadn’t been able to not notice his firm bum, modest six pack and well developed but not overly built up muscles. Greed because she wanted his body to belong to her. Where had that thought just come from? Lastly, raging anger because Simon had put her in a situation that made her realise all these truths about herself.
Tyra groaned and collapsed back on the pillows. The room was not cold but she kept her clothes on and just lay on top of the bed, letting her mind drift back over the last few days events. Bit by bit the exhaustion from recent events took her and she drifted off to sleep.
Thex was there in her dream. She was lying back against him. One arm wrapped around her, the other tenderly caressing her hair. She started but he shushed her. “Rest Tyra, let go.”
Tyra’s dream self trusted Thex, she had known him all her life, there was no place safer than in his arms. She let her hand wander down to the place between her legs, letting her fingers play in the warm damp there.  She arched back and Thex gently kissed her neck, encouraging her but her hand was pulled away and suddenly she felt a tongue in its place. Simon had nestled himself between her legs and was gently spreading her further apart.
Tyra woke with a start, embarrassed at the threesome in her dream and yet hot as hell from arousal. She was further startled when she looked up and realised Simon was standing at the foot of the bed, heat radiating from his eyes. His tongue briefly licked his bottom lip.  The chair was still against the door and the lock still in place. What had she been thinking when she thought she’d keep Simon out?
“Take off your pants!”
Tyra hesitated for only a moment and then did as Simon had commanded. Why she complied so readily she wasn’t sure.  She blamed her recently discovered dark side. She could feel the damp heat gathering inside her, bathing her in her own arousal.
Simon got up on the bed and he spread her legs. Tyra did nothing to stop him. It was like she was watching a movie, a dream come to life.
“Let me make it real Tyra, let me worship you.”
Having positioned her on the bed Simon paused to place a finger on Tyra's third eye. “Thex wants in on this too”.
A doorway in Tyra’s mind crashed open and suddenly she felt like Thex really was there.  His body might still be trapped in stone but his breath was real and hot on the back of her neck. She really did feel his arms around her holding her against his strong warrior trained body.
Simon used his fingers to gently nudge Tyra’s pubic hair and the lips of her vagina apart. He let moisture gather on his tongue and then bent down and tenderly kissed her inner folds. His warm tongue deftly fucking her.
The pleasure was more intense than anything Tyra had ever felt.  She struggled against her own need to yield to the pleasure but Thex held her fast.
Come for us Tyra. Thex whispered in her mind. Let us give you this. Accept it. Accept us.
Tyra cried out as a ripple of pleasure started at her heart and travelled all the way down to where Simon’s tongue touched her insides. A burning, building pressure took hold of her and she clamped down around Simon’s tongue, pressing herself into his face, urging him on. A tingling of electricity built at her ass and a wave of electricity shot up her spine to the crown of her head as she let out an earth shattering scream.
As she collapsed back on the pillows her mind and the world stood. Then she fainted.

9

Two running shoes hit the bed with a thunk. Tyra peered, bleary eyed and only half awake, at the direction from which they had been thrown. Simon was leaning against the door frame grinning at her.
“Rise and shine, Tai Chi in the park before breakfast.”
Tyra groaned, pushed back the covers and reluctantly swung herself out of bed. She reached for her clothes but Simon grabbed them out of her way first.
“Just for a sec before you get dressed, turn and look in the mirror”
Bemused Tyra stood up and faced the mirror. “Okay, what am I meant to be looking at apart from my embarrassingly naked body?.”
Simon came over and stood behind her, reaching around to cup her breasts and stroke them.  “That’s the point. You are embarrassed by your naked body, you just said so. From now on your first training task each day is to stand at this mirror and say three times ‘I love you, I accept you’ to that reflection and mean it.”
Tyra wasn’t too sure about that. “Um...why?”
“Two very important reasons.  Firstly, if you are going to complete a true union with Thex, in the full tradition of the Malakim, then you will need to love him as part of yourself and you can’t very well do it if you don’t love yourself. So get over the fact that your culture discourages it and just do it.  Start with accepting your body and then we’ll get you working on accepting your mind and soul as well.  The second reason is that nudity breaks a key taboo and helps to break your conditioned identification with clothes and all the other attributes you humans dress yourselves in. Nakedness is symbolic of your true identity so by getting used to being naked, at least when you first get out of bed for the morning, you’ll subconsciously be letting go and getting closer to liberating yourself.” Simon smiled mischievously. “Oh, and I’ll know if you skip the practice. There’ll be punishment. Now get dressed, it's a nice morning outside.”
Tyra was still reeling at the union in the full tradition of the Malakim bit.  That sounded awfully like Simon was expecting her to perform some kind of marriage ritual with a person who, there was no nice way of putting this, was a rock. All of which was complicated by the fact that she had to admit she had the hots for another as well, someone who was both some kind of supernatural being and a prostitute who specialised in bondage and domination. A voice in the back of her head reminded her that her original post retirement plan had been to become a full time scholar.  That now sounded dull and lonely compared with the possible alternative.  She hurriedly dressed and followed after Simon.


Boswell’s park was really quite small really, a few overly pruned shrubs, a big old oak which currently had no leaves and a flowering gum which was just at the moment providing a pair of noisy green rosella parrots with a feed from its gum nuts.
The park itself was just across the road from Simon’s large two story georgian sandstone house. Tyra hadn’t really had a proper chance to look at it yesterday. The land it stood on seemed to cover two or three house blocks.  There was a thick pine hedge that marked its boundary and separated it from the rest of the street’s residences. The gardens looked extensive and she thought she could make out a greenhouse down the back.  A drive at the side of the house led down to some old brick stables which had been fitted out with modern roller doors. There didn’t seem to be much in the way of lawn but if you had a park like this one across the road why would you need one?
Tyra stood a little to the side of Simon trying to copy as he showed her a few basic Tai Chi moves. She liked the bit where he showed her how to move an imaginary ball around and to use her breath with the moves, she got that bit at least.
They were just walking back to the house when they heard a faint plaintive cry coming from one of the park’s garbage bins. Simon frowned and sifted through the bin. He peered into one bag.  “Don’t look Tyra”.
“What is it?”
“A litter of kittens, about three weeks old by the looks of them. They must have been thrown out last night.” He glared murderously in the direction of a house down the street.  “Most of them are dead from last night’s cold. I’ll bury them back in my gardens while...” He pulled out a small handful by the scruff, it was barely moving. “You go and make this little one warm. The shop should be open now too so I’ll go and buy some milk for him.  We should be able to feed him with an eyedropper.”
Before he handed the little grey tabby kitten to Tyra, Simon placed it in his left hand and hovered his right hand over it.  Tyra thought she imagined a small beam of light pass out of his palm into the cat.
“He’ll live now.  I gave him a tiny bit of my essence so he’s part of me now but we’ll still get the Vet to check him over when she opens up for the day.”
Tyra took, Oscar she decided because of his timely rescue from the rubbish bin, back to the house while Simon hurried down the street.
Whatever Simon had done to the kitten it had certainly come to and was yelling loudly for some milk by the time Tyra found a sunny patch for it in the glassed-in verandah that was attached to the side of the house. Some minutes later she heard the ding of a microwave in the kitchen and Simon appeared with a small glass bowl of milk and an eye dropper.  Oscar looked up expectantly with very intelligent eyes and started purring, for all the world like he had a little motor going inside him.
Simon fed Oscar from the dropper while Tyra rustled up some breakfast for them.
At 9am Simon and Tyra had Oscar at the vet for a check-up.
Simon just about stomped into the surgery room. “That bastard Thomas is dumping his cat’s litters again”
Sally Wilson, the local vet, shook her head in dismay. “I’ve told him time and time again that I’d fix that cat for nothing but he won’t bring it in.”
Simon considered this for a moment while Sally carefully examined Oscar.  “If the cat were to suddenly appear on your operating table you’d fix it then? I’d pay.”
Sally smirked. “Why Simon, what are you thinking, a little cat napping? And no you won’t pay.”
Simon shrugged his shoulders, “I’m game if you’re willing.  We can’t exactly let this keep happening.  There were five stone cold dead kittens along with Oscar in a shopping bag in the park this morning.”
Sally mused on this. “Alright if I give my brother Michael at the station a head’s up?  He might be the one after all who has to deal with an irate Thomas”.
Simon nodded his assent. Sally picked up her mobile and made the call. There followed a lot of “yes Michael, …no Michael, ...we won’t get caught Michael” and then she hung up.
“He said we’re not to break the 11th commandment or he’ll have our guts for garters.  He also says that our cover story is that the cat was found by the side of road injured, I operated to save her.”
Simon curled his lips in a smile. “Sounds fair by me.  Go and make yourself a cup of tea in half an hour’s time. The cat will be on your table when you come back in, if that suits?”
“Yes that’ll be fine, I’ll have the table all ready. I’ll keep her in the hospital here for a few days to make sure she recovers well before I let Thomas take her back.  Oh by the way.  Michael also said Thomas had already been on to him this morning, something about all four tires on his ute being flat when he went to drive off to work this morning.”
Tyra whispered to Simon on the way out. “What’s the 11th commandment”.
“Don’t get caught!”

10

By the time Simon had finished his mid-morning exploits at the vet’s it was getting on to lunch.  Simon made Tyra and him some vegetarian sushi in his surprisingly modern stainless steel and white laminex kitchen.  It didn’t go with the rest of the house but it was a chef’s paradise, functional and spotless. Oscar got his next dose of milk with the eyedropper until his little round tum was full and then he promptly went back to sleep when he was put back on his cushion in the sun.
After lunch Tyra enrolled at the youth club.  Tyra was somewhat bemused that a fifty year old could go to a youth club but the town was so small that she guessed they couldn’t be fussy if they wanted enough members to keep going. She’d met with I-Wayan Agung, an expat Balinese guy who the locals just called Yan for short. He wouldn’t even let his silat students call him ‘guru’ as he considered it unaustralian and most of his students were his patients anyway. A few years back Yan had gotten into trouble in his old country for his pro-hindu ethnic community political views and had received serious death threats. Thanks to an immigration program that placed overseas doctors in Australian country towns he had become Boswell’s doctor. He was a small but wiry muscled man who radiated warmth. Yan said he’d be honoured to take Tyra on as a student in Pencak Silat, initially with private lessons three times a week until she got fit enough to join his group class. Tyra tried to persuade Simon that between the morning Tai Chi and Yan’s classes that was enough of the fitness stuff for now. Simon wasn’t convinced. In the end it was the Aikido master and local teacher of Japanese, respectfully known only as Suzukisan, a white haired gentleman with a wispy beard and indeterminate age, who came to her rescue. He said it was not a good idea for a martial arts beginner to mix styles, that it was better to gain depth of practice by learning a few basic things well. After a quick call to consult with Yan they both agreed and suggested that since Tyra was into books that maybe she could spend a few weeks studying the Aikido founder’s philosophical teachings and that she come along to Suzukisan’s informal Saturday morning class on the mental and spiritual aspects of Aikido, Zen and something called Budo. Apparently it was a fun hands on class and she would get a chance to learn things like zen meditation, Japanese calligraphy and the tea ceremony which she’d always been fascinated in.
Tyra still didn’t know exactly what Simon’s plans were, if she was expected to stay with him or go back to the cabin, for how long, absolutely nothing but life was starting to acquire the flavour of an adventure.  She decided to just go with the flow and take each day as it came.
Stopping at the local farmers co-op for some supplies Tyra picked up a bag of chickpeas she was thinking to sprout but Simon took them out of her basket and put them back.  “Sorry but no onions, garlic or beans for you, except maybe for some mung beans, lentils or tofu. No mushrooms either”.
Tyra pulled a face.  “What the hell! You afraid I might fart and smell of onions or something?”
Simon laughed heartily. “Yep, that pretty much covers it but it's also an important dietary restriction that prepares you for some of the mediation I want to teach you.”
“And the mushrooms?”
“There’s an ancient science which says there are three types of foods.  Heavy foods such as meat, eggs, cheese, potatoes, wheat, brown rice and mushrooms are considered to be grounding and do have their use at times but mostly they just bog down your digestion, sedate you and dull the mind.  Hot, spicy, salty and pickled foods, as well as fish, chicken and vegetables of the nightshade family (tomatoes and eggplants and such like) are considered to be stimulating, which again has its place in moderation but can agitate the mind making it more inclined to anger and hate. The foods that it would be better for you to eat, for our purposes, are light and easy to digest.”
“So what can I eat?”
“Pretty much the standard new-ager’s diet of high antioxidant fruits and berries, plenty of nuts, seeds, coconut, blue corn, low-GI white rice, lots of organically grown fresh green leafy vegetables, sweet potatoes, squash and the milder spices. Only eat what’s been freshly prepared. The diet helps you achieve clarity, calm and balance”
“That doesn’t sound so bad but if I get hungry on it I reserve the right to grumble”.
“It will be my pleasure to keep you well fed Tyra Goodwin.”


Simon made good on his promise that evening by dishing up a small banquet.  A green salad garnished with a few marigolds and rose petals from the few off season blooms in his garden, some plain rice, a delicious gingery mungbean dhal and for dessert they shared a freshly sliced mango with a good dollop of easy to digest lactose free yogurt and a sprig of chocolate mint.  They let all that settle while relaxing over a cup of hot ginseng tea.
Simon said he had something to prepare so Tyra gathered up the plates, chucked the scraps in the bin he said was for the worm’s food and then put the plates in the dishwasher. By the time she came into the lounge room to find Simon she was met with a room transformed by candlelight and a large red silk covered mattress in front of the fire. Simon was seated naked on it waiting for her.
“Come Tyra!”
Tyra’s pulse sped up and she swallowed the moisture that gathered at the back of her throat.  Maybe this meant that last night wasn’t a one-off.
Simon lay down on his back and casually patted a spare space on the mattress.  “Consider this a travel experience.  You’ve never touched a man intimately have you?
“Um...that would be a definite no.” Tyra paused a moment then grinned cheekily, “but I’d like to”.
He smiled reassuringly “Then come and explore. Come and taste me, touch me and smell me.  Look at me and listen to my heart beat.  This doesn’t have to lead to anything, you can even keep your clothes on if you like. Just be in the moment and explore me with all your senses”.
Tyra absent-mindedly rubbed her bottom jaw with her thumb. If she was a gambler they would have called it a tell. This would have to be the strangest come-on line of all-time but I’m damned if I’m going to refuse such an offer.  Deciding to pretend that she was thirty again and go with the moment she found some long buried sexual courage and quickly dispensed with her clothes. She knelt down beside him.  “What would you have me do?”
Simon gently but firmly caressed her arm. “Start by touching me like this. Pretend that you want to be able to draw me so you’re going to study the lay of my muscles and bones, see what different skin and hair surfaces feel like.”
Tyra, hesitantly at first, touched his ribs, stroking her finger along them. That seemed pretty safe but then Simon took hold of her wrist and moved her hand up to his left nipple. He moved her hand in a circular motion. She could feel the nipple hardening and rising slightly to meet her hand.  Fascinated she did the same to the other nipple using her other hand. Simon let go of her wrist, his breathing seemed to be deepening and he moaned slightly.  Feeling empowered by this effect that she was having she stroked gently down over his abdomen and then furtively ran her hand, as gentle as a feather, over his cock. In response it seemed to increase in size and blossom into sudden rigidity.
Simon chuckled. “You’d best do that last or this is not going to take very long at all.  Why don’t you try my feet instead”.
Tyra had once seen an online video on foot massage so she tried to do some of that and started by rubbing the underside of his foot with her knuckles. Simon groaned in pleasure at that too.
Feeling like she had been given license to play and experiment she wondered what would happen if she sucked his big toe.
Simon responded by arching his back and nearly yelling. “Yes that‘s real good, more please.”
Tyra giggled with pleasure and proceeded to give each of his toes a good sucking until Simon cried out “enough...you can work your way back up my legs now.”
Tyra ran her hands along his prominent tibia bones then gently outlined his knees with her fingers. As she contemplated where to stroke his thigh she thought to herself what the hell, he did say taste too and proceed to lick him along each inside leg. That elicited more moans from Simon.
Back to where she’d been warned off before she dared to play assertive and pushed his legs apart on the mattress.  Kneeling between his legs she bent forward and took his now very erect cock in her mouth.  She’d never done such a thing but had read a little. She used her tongue to work the moisture of her mouth over his long length and then let her lips slide with just the barest friction along his length.”
“That is so... good” came the almost whispered whimper from Simon.
Tyra thought it was more like beginner's luck but was enjoying his pleasure so much so that she was determined to keep at it.
Suddenly a kind of vibration seemed to ripple through Simon. He thrust right into her mouth and cried out.
Tyra was surprised by the warm cum that filled her mouth and the back of her throat but honoured him by drinking it down, that’s what bad girls did after all wasn’t it?
Tyra gloried in the pleasure she had given Simon but she didn’t get long to bask in her success.
“Your turn now”.
Before she could get shy and run for it he suddenly somehow had her pinned underneath him on the mattress, faster than her brain could comprehend. He proceeded to lick her all over.
Tyra’s brain went to mush and along with it her resistance. Her body purred and unwound knots she didn’t even know she had. Tears of pleasure streamed down her face, was this really happening? Part of her also felt a purr of pleasure through the deepening connection she had with Thex. She blushed a little at the voyeurism but kept the connection open, not wanting to shut him out.
Simon stopped and braced himself either side of her body so he could look at her. “Say yes Tyra and I’ll take this all the way but speak now if you’re not ready and I’ll call this off for the night.”
“Yes, please Simon”
He nudged his cock against her opening just to make sure there was no confusion about what he meant to do.  “You really want this?”
“Yes, please, yes”.
Simon grew thoughtful.
Tyra was afraid he might be about to back down when he suddenly rolled onto his back.
“I haven’t taken many virgins but I know enough to know that this may hurt you the first time so let’s do it this way.  You come and straddle me.”
Tyra, not about to give up her once in a lifetime chance to not only lose her virginity but lose it with a gorgeous young as well as sexually skilled male, did as he advised.
He guided her so that his cock was once again at her entrance and pushed a little way into her. “The rest is up to you Tyra, take your time, give yourself time to accommodate to the size of me. When you think you’re ready let me know and I’ll give enough of a push to get past the barrier”.
Tyra gently lowered herself further onto his cock. When she met the resistance she let herself adjust to the fullness of him. “Ready”.
Tyra felt a moment’s pain and then all she felt was Simon’s length sliding right up inside her. She sighed a sigh of deep satisfied peace. “Oh yes.”
Simon took that moment to roll her on her back and then began to slowly draw out.
Tyra whimpered at the loss. “Please Simon, please fuck me, I’m ok, I want to feel you inside me fucking me”.
Simon had no intention of going anywhere and took Tyra’s plea as the all clear to speed things up a little, starting up a gentle but steady rhythm.
Tyra could hear herself uttering one word commands like “more” and “faster”. Each time his cock slid into her she pushed against him, meeting thrust for thrust.  The moisture and heat in her built until she thought she must be drenching and scorching his cock. The doorway in her mind cracked open further and suddenly there was a three-way ecstatic mind merge that sent her over the edge, orgasming.
It took a few minutes before her brain returned to some degree of sanity and she realised they hadn’t used a condom.  Simon wasn’t perturbed.  “My body’s a mental construct remember, you won’t get pregnant unless we both choose to create a child and you won’t catch any disease.”
Tyra stopped panicking and snuggled in close to Simon.  They lay there for some time in front of the fire until Simon got up to give Oscar one last feed and check for the day.  He then came back and picked her up and carried her to his bed.

11

Tyra woke the next morning to the sound of rain hitting the window. She snuggled in under the crook of Simon’s arm, they wouldn’t be doing Tai Chi in the park this morning, surely?
“I know you’re awake Tyra. We need to talk.”
Despair clenched her chest, here came the ‘it was only a one night stand talk’. She steeled herself and sat up. “What’s up?”
Simon looked a little contrite. “You’re no longer fully human”.
Tyra was simultaneously confused, relieved and taken aback. “Um...I don’t understand”.
“I never cum, not with my clients that is.  It’s part of the discipline of my spiritual path. If I ejaculate I do it after they have gone, during a meditative connection with the all-spirit or by connecting mind to mind and sharing it with Thex.  The fact that I lost control by coming down your throat like that means that my spirit accepts you and sought to start the Malakim bonding process with you.  In the same way I gave a piece of my light to Oscar to ensure he lived, despite his very young age, I gave you some of my essence.  A piece of me now resides in you.”
“Well that doesn’t sound so bad.  I was more afraid this morning that you were going to tell me you fucked me last night as some act of kindness and that it was only a one-off”.
Simon snorted. “Kindness! Listen here Tyra, that was no mercy fuck.  How can I convince you I want you beyond how you see your mortal appearance? You obviously need to do more mirror practise if you can’t see that you’re an amazing woman. You know almost nothing about me or the situation you’ve landed in but you just go with the flow, seeing where it leads.  You live in the moment in a way that makes me feel a child again and we both know how long ago that was.”
Tyra beamed, to hell with it, the flattery did feel good. “Well okay then. Why do you seem to feel bad about it then and what does it mean for me and for us?”
“I feel bad because I didn’t give you a choice.  I’ve irrevocably changed you and the course of your life. I desperately feel the need to complete the bonding with you in mind, body and spirit but that will depend on you accepting me too.”
Tyra thought on that. “You’ve told me before that your way of love is about getting past the obstacles.  The two problems I see are that I’m supposed to have some kind of destined relationship with Thex and secondly I’m afraid that I’m too human to give either of you the warts and all absolute acceptance you guys expect.  I’m very willing to learn though.”
“And that is what I love about you.  Your willingness to admit what you don’t know and try something new.”
Wow, he’d said the ‘L’ word. Have to really take time to take this all in.
Simon bent forward and kissed her lightly on the forehead.
“You’ll have plenty of time today, I’ve got to head out and check on the others”
Tyra groaned, she kept forgetting he seemed to know exactly what she was thinking. “The others?”
“The other trapped members of Thex’s team.  Each has guardian families watching them and I monitor them in case of need but I still like to put in an appearance occasionally to really check on their situations.”
He clasped her hand meaningfully.  “I need to ask that you’ll stay inside today.  You’ve got stuff to read for your security officer test and the book Suzukisan gave you.  There’s plenty of food in the fridge.  I’ll call and arrange for George to come up and chauffeur you to and from your 5.30 class with Yan.  I should have returned by the time you get back from training. “
“Don’t worry Simon.  I’m not one of those stupid heroines you get in some romance novels who get themselves in trouble the first moment the bloke’s not around.  I’ll stay put and study, keep an eye on Oscar and give mum a ring.”
He hugged her to himself. “Thank you. You are part of me now.  Look after yourself for me.  I’ll see you tonight.” Then he disappeared in front of her.


Tyra felt a little silly being in Yan’s doctor’s waiting room but since these first few lessons were private there was no need to use the gym at the club. Yan has said that if she didn’t mind coming here he’d see her as soon as he’d finished with his patients for the day.
The friendly and motherly receptionist, Mrs Anderson, looked up from the intricate cable pattern she was knitting as the last patient came out to pay. “Yan will see you now Tyra.”
“Thanks Mrs Anderson”
“Oh no, call me Frida please, no one’s formal around here.”
“Sorry Frida, I’ll remember next time.”


Yan showed Tyra to the kids play room that was next to the waiting room. They both cleared up, busying themselves for a moment packing a few of the toys away to make some room.  Then Yan took his shoes off and sat on the floor.  Tyra figured she’d better do the same.
Yan gave Tyra a penetrating look.  “I need to know why you want to learn martial arts Tyra. Is it just to get fit or do you have a particular need?”
Ouch, that put her on the spot.  What could she say?  She didn’t like to be dishonest. “Ah... its a bit confidential.  Can I make a quick call and check what I can say”.
Yan raised an eyebrow in curiosity.  “Sure”.
Tyra got up and walked to the side of the room, turning her back to Yan and pretending she was making a mobile phone call. She didn’t want to bother Simon while he was busy so instead she opened her mind’s doorway to Thex instead.  “Thex, you there? I need your advice”, saying it out loud as if she was on the phone.
Indigo light pulsed in her head.  I hear you.
Relieved she quickly relayed Yan’s question to Thex, asking what would be okay to say.
He would have been the doctor the police called when they found Jack’s body so if you tell him it’s a large animal with sharp claws and teeth that you’re worried about defending yourself against it shouldn’t surprise him.
“Okay, thanks for that”. She made as if to put her phone away and then went back to Yan.
Yan just laughed.  “Full marks for acting ability Tyra but I have to tell you that I can sense certain things.  You just spoke to someone telepathically.  Now lets have honesty between us if I’m going to teach you.  What did your contact have to say?”
Tyra went with her gut.  She told Yan what she had seen of Uncle Jack’s body and what she had seen in someone’s aura, although she kept Steven’s name out of it.  She described the size and shape of the beast to Yan.
Yan considered this “Hmm...but it must take physical form to do damage like that.  Has anyone seen one of these beasts in the flesh, seen how they move and fight?”
Tyra felt she was getting in deeper water here but decided to plug on.  “There is but I’ll need to make telepathic contact again.  If you can give me a sec.”
Yan nodded for her to do so.
Tyra reached into her mind again.  “I don’t suppose there’s a way he can talk to you?”
Actually there is but you’ll need to yield to my mind more fully, can you do that?
She relaxed and imagined herself surrendering and opening to him, it was almost sexual. Suddenly her mind stepped aside, Thex’s mind became her mind and she the observer. She felt like a backseat driver as he took control of her throat as well.
Tyra’s gave a slight husky cough and then a deep rumble of voice came out of her mouth.  “You are Doctor I-Wayan Agung, healer for this town.  I am Commander Alexios Thex, you may call me Thex”.
Yan straightened himself a little.  “Pleased to meet you Thex and you can call me Yan. You have fought these demons before I gather. Can you tell me how they take physical form and how they move?”
“We believe they can use the force of their minds to fully take form in matter, separate from their slaves. They don’t usually take on their beast form in this world as it makes them rather conspicuous. They are large and ponderous but have a great deal of strength.  Knowing something of the animals of your planet from what Simon has shown me I believe their fighting style is a cross between that of a lion and a very large komodo dragon. Like a lion they will use their front limbs as clubs to give a killing blow to the side of the skull or neck.  Like komodo dragons they can immobilise you in a bear hug and use their bulk to throw you to the ground, landing on top of you to wind you before they get your throat in a jaw lock for the kill. Their teeth and claws are their innate weapons but they can use hand held weaponry too. I’m sorry that’s all I can give you for now? My voice is straining Tyra’s throat.  I have your word you will speak nothing of this except to Tyra and Simon?”
“You have my word, thank you.”
Tyra slumped a little and had a coughing fit.  Yan put his hand out to support her.
“Well I would have to say Tyra that that was one of the most interesting as well as informative conversations I’ve ever had with a prospective student”.
Tyra was still a little hoarse but managed a whispered “you’ll help me then?”
“I’d be honoured Tyra. I’ll need a little time though to consider which techniques to train you in.  They will need to be simple so you can over learn them and use them without thinking if you meet one of these things plus I have a couple of weapons in mind that will improve your odds.  Always remember though the first rule of fighting.”
“What’s that?”
“If there is even the remotest chance you can, run like bloody hell.  The best battle is won by a hundred yards.”


George was waiting for her outside. “How’d the lesson go?”
“Interesting.”
“Wow, that’s a nasty cold you’ve got there.”
Tyra coughed out a laugh then froze as she saw who was across the street. Steven was leaning against a lamppost, watching her intently.
“Don’t pay no mind to him. He’s just trying to intimidate you.  If he get’s you on the defensive you’re easier prey.”
Tyra sighed at the implications.  “Guess I’d better learn my lessons then and train hard.”

12

Simon was there to meet them when they got home and food was already on the table. “Rest your voice Tyra, Thex filled me in. It’s good to have a new ally we can be honest with.”
George joined them for the meal. He and Simon chatted amicably for a bit on various aspects of current politics, the economy, the environment and the general state of the world.
Tyra listened with interest while she chewed her food. Something in the food seemed to ease her throat, no doubt some herb that Simon had added to help her.
George gave Tyra a friendly pat on the head. “I’ll say goodnight to you two then, catch you tomorrow”.
“Goodnight”. Tyra nodded in George’s direction as he left.  “He’s staying somewhere nearby?”
“He’s got a bachelor's pad set up in what was the old loft above the stables out back.  He stays there when he’s up this neck of the woods. I’ll take you over for a visit tomorrow.  I’ve asked him to hang around for the next few weeks given how edgy Steven seems. Now let’s clean up I want to teach you a specific meditation technique and then there is another matter that needs to be addressed”.
Tyra raised an eyebrow, wondering what the night held. She felt a shiver of expectation. Later, when she noticed there was no mattress in front of the hearth she felt a moment’s disappointment.  Instead there was a large cushion.
Simon saw her looking at it “Its made of memory foam.  You’re not used to long periods of seated meditation so I thought this would make it easier. I brought it back with me today.”
Tyra beamed. “A present?” She went over to test it out. It was indeed very comfortable, even sitting cross legged which her body certainly wasn’t used to. “So, how do I do this meditation stuff”.
“To start with just close your eyes.  Feel your breath.  Follow the sensation of it flowing into and out of your lungs.  Try and breathe in through the nose if you can and out through your mouth.  Practice that for a moment”.
He let her do that for a couple of minutes until her breathing seemed to smooth out. “Now keep one level of your awareness going with the breathing while at the same time you use your mind’s eye to look at the top of your head. Visualize a white light there and pretend that there is a small hole forming in the top of your skull.  Now start to slowly draw that white light down through your body from top to body, missing nothing.  If you feel any tension visualise the white light dissolving it and let the tension go. Let me know when the light has reached the ground.”
“Yep, got there”.
“Okay feel the white light going into the earth.  Feel that you are making a connection with the earth as if it was an extension of your body”.
Tyra seemed to sway almost imperceptibly for a moment then made the connection and stabilised.
“Now go back up to the top of your head to the hole where the white light is coming in.”
“Okay, I’m there”
“Extend your awareness out through that hole to where the light is coming from, feel yourself making a connection with it as if it was an extension of your own soul’s light”.
“Wow, yes, got it”.
“Okay, now direct the light from above down the front of your body to the earth, filling the earth with that light and then letting it travel back up your spine, back out through the hole in your skull. Keep doing cycles of that.  I’m going to give you a small phrase to say in your mind while you do this.  On the in breath as you draw the white light down mentally say ‘all’, pause while the earth fills with the white light and think ‘am’ and finally on the out breath mentally sound the word ‘I”. Now practise it for a few moments.”
Simon sat down and just enjoyed the peace radiating off Tyra as she purified her essence and reconnected with the all-spirit. She wouldn’t know it yet but she was also doing her bit to heal the earth as well. He watched patiently as tears began to flow down her cheeks.  “It’s alright, just go with it, it’s part of the process”.
After a few moments more he gently tapped her on the shoulder.  “Open your eyes, that’s enough for today. It’s time you were assigned your path and given your way name.”
Tyra looked at him quizzically.  “Way name?”
“My way name is Aris.  I anglicized it to Harris to form the surname which your society requires me to have but the original Aris actually means left. It was given to me when I was chosen for the left-hand spiritual path. Some mistake it as an evil path. Some of your kind even try to make it so. At its most essential it’s the path of liberation through non-identification with arbitrary values. Thex translates as right in our language.  He follows the right-hand path of a protector, fighting for justice and cosmic order.”
“I’m guessing I’m somewhere in the middle”.
“And you would be totally right.” He placed a hand on her heart. “I hereby give you the way name of Filia”.
“I’m hoping that’s not a horse, I was never into ponies as a girl”
Simon cackled with mirth. “Thankfully not. It is the path of love and compassion. Your goal is to connect with the limitless love and light of the all-spirit.”
Tyra wasn’t too sure on all this.  “That’s a rather a tall order Simon.  I don’t have to change my name or anything do I?”
Simon bent forward and kissed her lightly on the brow. “No, you can use the name however you choose.  For now all I ask is that you do a daily practice of the meditation I just gave you. Speaking of practice the other thing we need to do is to punish you”.
Tyra jerked back startled.  “You what?”
Simon gave her a truly evil smile “As I recall, you didn’t do your practise with the mirror this morning. I told you there would be repercussions if you forgot.”

13

Simon gently put Tyra’s hands in the cuffs on the wooden frame in his lounge.
While part of Tyra trusted him the other part of her yelled at her that this was stark raving bonkers. “This isn’t necessary Simon, I give my word I won’t forget again.”
“Oh but I think it most definitely is necessary.” He spread her legs apart and cuffed those to the frame as well.  He stood back and admired her naked form.
“Um...I might catch cold.”
He pulled a few things out of a nearby chest of drawers. “You won’t feel cold in a moment. I assure you.” He put down his armload of stuff, extracting from it a black padded blindfold.
Tyra winced at the sight of it. “I’m feeling vulnerable enough as it is, I don’t need a blindfold to make it worse”.

Simon didn’t pause for a moment in his preparations. He placed the mask over her eyes and stretched the strap over the back of her head “comfy?”
“Yes, but...?”
“Relax, I know you trust me Tyra or you would have been screaming and struggling as I tied you to the frame just now. So believe me when I say I’m going to do nothing to hurt you.” He put his right hand in a velvet glove and stroked it over her body. “Now tell me how that feels. What do you think it is?
“It’s kind of warm and soft, a bit like fur. Maybe velvet?”
“And how does it make you feel?”
“Um it’s comforting, reassuring...This is not so bad is it?  
“Not bad at all. Would you like to try some other textures?”
“Yes please, this is actually fun”.
“There’s just one thing though Tyra, when you are tied to the frame there is no equality, it’s please ‘Sir’. Is that clear?”
“Ah, yes, Sir”. She giggled.
He replaced the velvet glove with a silk one, he reached around her to rub it over her nipples.
“Uh! It’s cold! Feels like silk”.
“Very good, you’re good at this aren’t you slave?”
“Slave? I don’t think so...Sir!
Simon chuckled.  “Can’t blame me for trying”. He changed the silk for leather, this time on both hands.  He caressed her from toe to top.  She shuddered beneath his hands and moaned.  Then he raised one of the gloves to her nose. “This?”
“Smells like leather”.
“You like the feel of it on your skin?”
She shuddered again.  “Yes.  More of that please. Um, please Sir”.
He grabbed her by the back of her head and pulled her into a passionate kiss.  Not so hard as to frighten her but enough to show who was in control.  His breathing ragged he released her from the kiss and moved his hands down to her crotch, stroking gently over the area. “Tell me what you want Tyra!”
“I want your fingers, I want to feel your fingers inside me...Sir.”
“You want my leathered fingers inside you, you want me to make you come?”
“Yes, please Sir”
“Only if you promise not to come until I say.”
“Um...okay.” That sounded weird but she guessed it was all part of the game they were playing.  “Sorry, that’s a yes, Sir”.
“You play the game well Tyra”. He slid two gloved fingers into her dripping wet vagina, placed his thumb over her clitoris and rubbed. He used his other hand to massage her ass.
Tyra gasped.  Her mind was liquefying. On one level she was feeling totally slutty and embarrassed by it but the pleasure was so intense it overrode all her reservations.  She let herself go into the sensations that were rising within her. Warmth and pressure built where Simon’s hands worked her. All her energy and focus was being pulled into her clitoris where he rubbed.
“Not yet Tyra, I’ll say when.”
She cried in anguish and frustration.  She wanted to come, she wanted him in her fucking her hard but she held on. A wave was building in her.  Maybe she had become an ocean.  If she could just surf that wave. It grew in height until she was nothing but the wave...looking for a shore.
“Now Tyra, come now!”
The tsunami in her gave way, washing all before it.  She slumped in her bonds.
Simon undid her cuffs and took her in his arms, cradling her. 

14

George and Simon were in the kitchen preparing breakfast when they heard a sudden scream from Simon’s bedroom. They briefly looked at each other questioningly, nothing could get into this house could it? George drew his Sig Sauer combat pistol from its holster under his jacket and went racing after Simon to investigate.
The sight that greeted them in the bedroom was that of a rather dishevelled Tyra, wrapped in a towel, looking fearfully at a hairbrush on the floor.
George holstered his gun and bent to pick up the brush, giving it a careful inspection, a bemused expression on his face.  “It’s not exactly a deadly weapon. What did it actually do?”
“It took out my hair, that’s what.  All my hair’s falling out.”
Simon wrapped her in his arms and embraced her then looked at her hair.  “I don’t think it’s all your hair Tyra, just the grey ones”. He tenderly lifted her hair to inspect underneath.  “I think your new hair’s going to be metallic bronze in colour.” He grimaced as he stood back a little to face her. “I’m sorry Tyra, I should have realised this might happen and warned you. If you have any teeth with fillings they might fall out too...but you will regrow new ones,” he added, attempting to reassure her. “Your eyes will change too, the irises will lose all their spots and markings but it will be some time before we know what their final colour will be.”
Tyra shook her head at the bizarreness of it all and tried to find some humour in the situation.  “So teething at 50, you’d better hope I don’t get grumpy like babies do with it.”

Tyra’s humour did nothing to lessen Simon’s guilt. “Hopefully it won’t cause you any pain but we might need to blend your food for several weeks if you end up losing your molars.  Other changes in your organs will probably be slower but I think we’d better brief Yan and let him monitor you.”
Tyra sighed. Not reassuring! “So how come Oscar had no reaction to your essence?”
“Oscar’s too young to have acquired any age related wear and tear to his body.  My essence only had to stop him from dying from the cold but he’ll benefit from it in many ways as he grows.  Although I don’t know how we’ll explain to Sally that he doesn’t need vaccinations, we might just let her give them to him anyway.”
George coughed meaningfully to interrupt them.  “If Tyra’s going to be alright we should have breakfast.  That bloke from the security training company should be turning up shortly”.
Tyra looked startled. “Already? I haven’t had a chance to memorise that damn rule book yet”.
“Don’t sweat it! Major John Samuels, who’s recently retired from the SAS, is going to take us through some of the practical stuff.  Some of the close quarter disarmament techniques, how to restrain using handcuffs and the up-to-date firearm procedures that the new regulations now require. George has to do additional training to renew his current license anyway and I thought it wouldn’t hurt if I made myself a little bit more legal so the Major’s going to train the three of us while he’s here for the next few days.”
George laughed.  “You legal!”
Simon shrugged his shoulders.  “The world’s getting more and more bureaucratic and legalistic.  It’s getting harder and harder to stay under everyone’s radar.  Especially with the enemy having strategically infiltrated themselves all over the place.” Simon reached down to a bag he had stashed under the bed and pulled out some tops.  “Here, put these on while Samuels is here.  It’s our new cover. I’m still wading through all the paperwork to finalise it.”
Tyra looked at the branding and her face warmed with pleasure. “J.G. Security Inc. As in Jack Goodwin?”
Simon was relieved at her happiness, he hadn’t been sure what she’d think of the idea.  “I thought it might be a nice way to remember Jack.  Officially he’ll be the founder of our small company. I’m making your mum the official CEO but the funding for the business will come from me.”
Tyra was overjoyed but puzzled “But what about your other job?”
“You’ve accepted me despite it and change is the nature of the universe.  Mind you I’m not saying I’m going to be pure as the driven snow or anything like that. I still need to follow my path. There will be times that I will need to be an initiatrix for others”
“However you are is fine by me.  Don’t go and change yourself on my account.”
“And that is exactly why I’m going to fully mate you Tyra Goodwin.”
George quietly left the room and left them to it. Maybe one day he’d find someone who would accept him like that too.

15

Major Samuels hadn’t been as intimidating as Tyra feared he might have been. A veteran of the war in Afghanistan he had a few scars on his face from the time he’d narrowly escaped being blown up and had survived with only the shrapnel wounds to show for it.  Some of his army mates hadn’t been so lucky.  His stories were riveting but some of it he said he had to edit as some of the more black ops would remain hush for at least thirty years, maybe more.  The main point was he had survived.  
He taught Tyra, George and Simon everything from how to recognise suspect terrorist activity, how to keep their weapons out of enemy hands during hand to hand and how to knee the baddies in the balls.  The more tedious training was on how to write up events when they had to use restraints or firearms to control a situation, how to be respectful to clients including the approved way to walk with them to cars and restaurant tables, how to assess a location for possible threats, objects that could be potential weapons as well as escape routes and finally how to talk down a violent or suicidal suspect.
At the end of the Major’s stay, they’d all travelled to an approved shooting range where they could legally practise with their weapons.  After that it was up to them to complete their memorisation of the regulations.  The Major said he’d return when they were ready to sit the test for that, Simon would only need to give him a few days’ notice and he’d be happy to fly back down.
On top of all this Simon had been relentless in insisting that she continue with all her other practice.  Fortunately, Yan had had her ongoing physical changes explained to him by Simon. Yan and Simon had pooled their collective medical and herbal knowledge and decided to supplement her diet with some adaptogen herbs the Russians had been experimenting with. These helped her body adapt to its changes and lessened her symptoms. Some algae type powder she was having in fruit juice was helping her body with its detox as well. The payback was that Yan was about to beef up her Silat training. Up until now they’d only covered multi-level fighting stances, basic footwork called langkah and a set of upper body movements that Yan said would make sense when she started training with weapons.
Yan and the Major were waiting for her when she got to the club’s gym where they’d agreed to meet. The Major made at least two of Yan. 
Yan proceeded to demonstrate why some of the most commonly used punches and kicks often failed against a larger opponent and left the defender vulnerable. Then he demonstrated alternatives and how to break various holds. “Once you have your opponent on the defensive he has less time to think up his next offensive strategy.  Always try to take the first move, take them by surprise. Startle them if you can by shouting at them. Confuse them with speed and most of all use whatever weapon you can quickly grab or improvise. Even dirt from the ground that can be thrown in their face. That’s enough of the demo.  Major, fancy a bit of sparring?”
The Major’s mouth quirked in a smile. “It would be a pleasure. Prepare to have your balls tweaked Monkey Man”.
Yan laughed at the Major’s attempt to goad him and get him off-guard. “Funnily enough my nickname was orangutang when I was a kid. Let’s see how the monkey fares against the tiger shall we?” Yan wasted no time and came up from a crouch with a side of hand hit aimed at the Major’s jaw.  
The Major saw it coming and simply fell and rolled out of the way then came up behind Yan grabbing him by both arms “Now what you going to do little man?”
Yan kicked down onto the Major’s shin and broke free from his grip spinning around to connect gently with the Major’s crotch.
The Major swore “bloody hell” and lunged for Yan who evaded. The Major had to go with the lunge and roll to recover to an upright position. He bowed to Yan “most impressive! I would be interested in spending time with you to study your techniques when I return.”
Yan bowed. “I’d be honoured, I’m sure there is much you can teach me too.”
Yan locked up the gym for the night then walked with them to the entrance.  George was waiting for Tyra.  So was Steven, in his usual spot watching from across the street.
The Major frowned, sensing Tyra’s fear “Who’s the hood?”
George was impressed that the Major had quickly assessed the threat but was cautious. “Just a local wheeler and dealer.  Steven Drake, not a guy we want to mess with if we can avoid it.”


The Major collected his rent-a-car from the pub and headed out.  Underway he made a call on his hands free.
A friendly voice greeted him on the speaker. “What can I do for you John?”
“Been staying in an interesting town down South.”
“How interesting?”
“A couple of things have my skin prickling, probably nothing but I wondered if you had anything on a couple of the characters”.
“You know I’ll be happy to John. If I’d we’d all listened to your hunches when we were back in Kandahar I wouldn’t now be in a wheelchair doing this desk job.”
The Major winced. He’d have to live with his decision to follow the orders that time and the lives that were irrevocably affected by his choice.  He’d told his second in command about his hunch but they’d both gone ahead with the op anyway. “It wasn’t your fault Andrew, you were following the chain of command.  You know the top brass would never have tolerated one of their Majors being psychic.  We couldn’t go against orders on the basis of my hunches.”
“Even so.” Andrew sighed. “What’s the town?”
“Boswell. Its a small town up in the highland lakes area.  What you got on one Steven Drake?”
“Hmm, let me see.  Looks like he makes his living selling everything from cars to tractors and machinery parts to the local farmers.  Member of the region’s chamber of commerce and donates to a few local charities.  Seems respectable enough however there’s a note here.  A report from the local constabulary that he’s suspected of dealing also in drugs and other contraband but that they’ve been unable to find any evidence. The police haven’t laid any charges against him but they’re monitoring his activities.”
“Fits. What about one Simon Harris, lives at 7 Park St Boswell?”
“Records show that residence as being owned by a trust. It’s been run by the Goodwin family since forever. The last trustee died recently under unusual circumstances, in the Boswell area.  Forensics report says his body was mauled by a large animal and that he died of injuries received.  The new trustee is his sister Annabelle Goodwin, in her seventies, retired freelance bookkeeper, primary residence appears to be in the city. Oh wait a minute!  There’s a business registered at that address. Something called “Left-hand Adventures” but the business type is only listed as entertainment.  It’s registered to your Simon Harris. Let me check something.”
John waited while he listened to the busy typing on the other end of the phone.
Andrew finally came back on the line. “Well he pays his taxes, quite a bit going by this.  Whatever the business is it pays well.  Looks like Mr Harris has been paying taxes for some time.  His records go back quite a way, at least as far as when records were first computerised.  How old is he?”
“About early thirties, if that.  Anything on a Tyra Goodwin?”
“Hmm, unusual name, shouldn’t be hard.  Oh here you go.  She’s a librarian, age 50, works in the city.”
“Well she doesn’t now, I just trained her for her security guard license and I wouldn’t put her even at forty.”
“You were right, interesting.  What you going to do?”
“I’m a contract trainer, I can pick my work. The boss won’t mind if I ask for a break.  Think I’ll come back here in a week or so. That girl’s an innocent.  I didn’t like the way that Drake character had her under surveillance, neither did she or her minder. The trout fishing season opens down here soon I think.  Got that on your computer too?”
“End of July it opens. Why don’t you contact a real estate broker and see if there are any short term rents coming up in the area, a cabin near one of the lakes perhaps if you’re going fishing.  You can stay off everyone’s radar that way”
“You were always the brains of the division Andrew, thanks for the info, I’ll let you know how it goes.”
“Do, if it's big enough to get your notice the guys up here in Canberra might want a heads up if anything tangible surfaces”.

16

Simon and Tyra hiked to the remote forested hilltop north of Boswell.  It looked out on the lakes below. They’d picked the day based on the weather forecast which for once was spot on. It was one of those rare warm days that you can occasionally get at the end of winter. By mid-morning they reached the sunny, secluded rock ledge Simon had chosen for their ritual joining. He had come here often over the years, to meditate and to communicate with the rest of his race.
Simon laid out a blanket and started to empty their picnic basket of its contents.
Tyra was feeling a little hesitant about the possible food. “I hope this doesn’t mean that I have to eat any meat for the ritual.”
“The five sacred substances you’re referring to symbolize the elements: earth, air, fire, water and ether.  Meat stands for earth, fish for water, grain for air, wine for fire and sex for ether. Intent is what is really important so we can do some substitutions. We will ground ourselves in silence, balance our emotions using breath control and fire our imagination using concentration but I have got us a Tamar Valley pinot noir for our wine. We’ll break from our usual abstinence just for this. I’ve added a couple of herbs to help with the ritual but they won’t affect the taste of the wine. As for the physical contact, I don’t think either one of us wants to substitute for that. I will speak only to give direction otherwise just do as you have practised.”
“So after this I will be like your wife?”
“No, you will be my goddess and I will be your god. You’re not marrying my outer form but instead joining with the divine masculine within me while I join with the divine feminine within you.  We recognize our unity, merging our essence into one. Together we connect with the oneness of the all-spirit.  There are no injunctions to love, honour and obey as such injunctions would only be to yourself anyway as I am, always have been and always will be part of you. My question now to you is are you ready to accept that I am part of you?”
Tyra was breathless at the beauty of what he had just described. “Yes.”
Simon patted a place on the blanket beside him. “Then let’s start by feeding each other.  Be mindful of your five senses and explore the touch, taste, sight, smell and sound of the food and us.”
Simon finished laying out a modest banquet of colourful, decoratively carved and garnished fruits and vegetables. He picked a particularly juicy morsel, a mini sized Greek dolmade, vine leaf stuffed with rice, olive oil and herbs and held it up to Tyra’s lips.  She paused to smell it, savoured its taste and juices then swallowed, feeling it slide down her throat.
They spent a while this way, enjoying the food and enjoying the fun of picking out what the other might like next.
Simon poured himself a small glass of the wine and passed another to Tyra.  Then they crossed arms and drank from the each other’s glasses. The wine was deep crimson, verging on purple. It had a rich fruity aroma hinting of cherries or perhaps mulberries. Unlike some other wines it had a refreshing aftertaste.
Tyra could feel the wine and its hidden herbs doing something to her. It felt like it was warming and opening her chakras, the energy centres up and down her spine.
They shed their clothes and Simon quietly put the food to one side then seated himself comfortably in the lotus position.
Tyra stared at Simon’s very large erection. She swallowed the moisture building at the back of her throat. She walked right up to him, placed her arms around his neck, placed her legs either side of him and carefully positioned herself over his cock.
Simon braced her with one hand and used the other to guide his penis into her entrance. Then he wrapped his arms around her to balance her as she impaled herself, sliding slowly all the way down his firm, warm length.
Tyra cried out, he was so deep, the fullness of it took her a few moments to relax into. Then she wrapped her legs closer around his back and leaned back her head a little so she could see into his eyes.
“I love you, I accept you, we are one” they whispered the ritual words to each other in reverence and then keeping eye contact they started the meditation.
Simon started chanting in deep resonant overtones. It was a prayer, in the ancient mother language, a request to the all-spirit to have mercy and release them from the illusion of separation.
Tyra used the all-am-I mediation Simon had taught her, adding a vaginal muscle contraction on the outbreath to send the energy back up her spine. The all-am-I mantra had become her close friend, indeed another part of herself.  Simon had explained that all words had vibration, their own energy.  When words were combined into phrases and said or mentally voiced with intent and understanding of their meaning then they took on life.  Words were living beings too. Tyra allowed herself time to get into the rhythm of the meditation and become one with the mantra, until she was the mantra. Heat rose in her, gathering at the second chakra. She just observed without fixing on the sensation. It rose all the way to her heart and she thought her heart might explode but the energy centre expanded to take it. It rose further into the back of her neck, a clear vibrant sensation she had never witnessed before. The energy reached the crown of her head and it felt like plugging into the cosmos.
As she continued with the meditation she became aware that she was dissolving, at least her mind was perceiving it that way.  Tyra just observed it and released the momentary fear that arose. It wasn’t like her body had become pixelated but it did have a transparent grainy quality to it, like shimmering white energy particles.  It was then that she observed that there was no boundary between her energy particles and those of Simon, or rather the masculine aspect of the all-spirit. Complete adoration and awe filled her extended being but again she just observed rather than entered into the sensation. Beneath her ribs in the area of her solar plexus something awoke. It seemed to have a kind of suction that desired to be plugged into the same area on Simon.  She let it.  A golden light expanded out from it, connecting all their chakras in a seamless egg of energy.  They became the golden light, it encircled them and filled them. Boundaryless, no-thing-ness all-spirit.
A voice entered the limitless, “Come back Tyra, it’s not time.”
Tyra slowly coalesced back into the awareness of her body, reawakening to her boundaries of skin and self but knowing that they would never again be anything other than mentally constructed limits. Limits that allowed her to live, act and even play in this plane of existence. She then leaned into Simon’s embrace and let herself cry.
Simon quietly stroked her hair. “One day Tyra, one day we will unite forever”.

17

A few weeks went by.  Simon had told Tyra that she needed to reground herself before they tried a specially modified ritual of union with Thex, in an attempt to free him. So she spent the time enjoying watching Oscar grow and weeding around the daffodils that were starting to pop up in droves, filling the air with rich scent of jonquils. She’d continued her classes with Yan, as well as her daily practices. She’d found much wisdom in Suzukisan’s books particularly the stuff about the oneness of existence.  It was somehow reassuring that other humans in recent times had come to the same insights into the nature of the universe. She’d also enjoyed some online videos by a modern day Christian mystic and a Zen Buddhist who were both saying pretty much the same thing. It got her over feeling odd and alone in the experience. Maybe she wasn’t going mad. It was time to accept it all and stop living in a kind of half-life after glow. It was time to get on with what the old Aikido master would have called courageous and creative living.
Oscar pounced playfully on a dandelion that had been minding its own business.
Simon was watching them both from the verandah doorway, enjoying the moment.  “You’re ready aren’t you?”
Tyra looked up and smiled. “Yes”


The drive out to the crater was uneventful.  They didn’t see the eyes watching them from the forest as they entered the cabin.


Tyra circled the crystal thoughtfully.  “So how we going to do this?”
“On the theory that we’ve already done this once we don’t need the foreplay so to speak.  So we can dispense with the preparation of the senses.  We’ll sit on opposite sides with our backs up against the crystal and go straight into the meditation. I’ve tried this on my own, once before, long ago but I’m counting on your humanness and compassion being the final elements needed to make this work.  We just need to raise his vibration enough to reconnect Thex with the all-spirit.
Tyra settled herself in position, feeling the earth beneath her, feeling the crystal at her back, opening her mind to Thex, mentally voicing the ritual words. I love you, I accept you, we are one.
Thex’s heartfelt reply whispered through her mind let it be so.
Simon began his chant. Tyra took that as her cue, connecting with the earth and the cosmos and started to raise the energy as she merged with her breathing and the mantra in her mind. The earth seemed to pulse and warm beneath her. She connected with the very resonance of the earth. Boundaries blurred, she perceived the dissolving of her body, of her very self.  There was only all-spirit. There was no perception of crystal at her back or Simon on the other side of it, only the oneness. Something grabbed her by the shoulders and threw her away.  She struggled for breath and peered up to see a large reptile she had come to know as a Din. It pulled a weapon and shot at Simon.  A bolt of dark light piecing him, simultaneously condensing into a crystal spear where the beam connected with his flesh.  Tyra screamed. “No!”
The Din stalked towards Simon, ready to make the final kill.
Shots resounded from the passageway. The beast staggered as a hail of bullets drove him back from Simon’s body.  The beast howled in rage but the bullets kept coming until it fell and stilled on the floor.
Abruptly the Major appeared from the passageway. He walked up to the beast and shot four more shots from his AK47 into it for good measure.
Tyra rushed to Simon. “Shit, Simon.” She looked at the spear of stone that pierced his chest and couldn’t comprehend. “You can’t die, you’re immortal, bullet proof remember” she wanted to shake him in her frustration and despair but instead touched him tenderly.  “You can’t leave me Simon.  I can’t do this on my own”. Tears streamed down her face.
Simon groaned, one eye tentatively peered open.  “Shush Tyra, I’m not dying, it’s not my time yet.  Although no doubt there will be much blood and pain when the Major pulls this thing out of me so listen.  Call the feminine aspect of the all-spirit in her form as Goddess of the earth”.
“Why not just call on the all-spirit, you know, highest authority and all that.”
Simon tried not to shake his head because it hurt like hell from where he’d hit his head on the way down. “No the Goddess deals with the world of matter and that’s what we need help with right now. In fact we’ve been lucky.”
Tyra was astounded “Lucky!”
“There is death and blood in this place, she will come readily.” He turned to look at the Major.  
“Give me your word that you will not interfere once she’s called the Goddess.  Whatever you do don’t try to harm the Goddess.”
The Major suspected that Simon was delusional if he thought some Goddess was about to appear. “Okay, I give my word”.
“Now pull this damn thing out of me”.
The Major shook his head.  “It will kill you.”
“John, do it! Trust me.”
“Harris, you can’t be serious. Let’s wait and get help.”
“Do it now or I will ask Tyra to do it.”
“You manipulative bastard. Okay, but on your head be it”. He grasped the end of the crystal spear. He gave a sharp yank and it came out. Blood pooled from the now gaping hole in Simon’s chest. Simon blacked out. John placed his fingers on Simon’s carotid artery.  Amazingly there was still a pulse. He turned to Tyra.  “You got a phone? We need to call for help”.
“No, there’s no line to the cabin and mobile phones don’t work down in the crater. Anyway Simon said to call the Goddess.  Damned if I know how but I’m not about to leave here until I try.”
John just shook his head in amazement. “Some alien beast just came through what looked like a mini wormhole to me, your lover’s lying as good as dead on the floor and you want to perform some kind of pagan ritual?”
Tyra walked calmly up to John and placed her hand on his heart.  “I’ve been around these guys long enough now to know to trust them. Watch my back for me in case more of those things turn up”.
John sighed. “Okay but whatever you’re going to do make it quick, Simon’s bleeding out.”
Tyra knew it would take too long to explain to the Major her need to follow Simon’s request.  She racked her brain instead, thinking of how one goes about calling Goddesses.  She’d never read anything on the like.  A fleeting memory flashed across her inner vision, of how the earth had resonated when they had started the ritual.  She’d go with that as a starting point. What else had Simon said...blood and death.  She looked around the chaos of the room and found a place equidistant between Simon and his blood and the fallen beast. Sitting cross legged she refocused on her breath, centered herself and remade the connection to the earth. She allowed the boundary between her and the earth to dissolve.  She became its resonance, its warmth, its very heart beat. “Goddess of the earth, come to our aid...I beseech you in the name of love and compassion”.
The Major reeled back in shock and tried his best not to swear. “Farout!”
A dark skinned woman stood before Tyra.  “I hear you daughter.  What is your request?
Tyra’s jaw dropped, it had worked. She struggled to find the right words. “Please aid us Goddess, heal these men.”
The Goddess surveyed the room, taking in the memory of all that had happened.  She laid a hand over Simon’s wound, tears in her eyes. “Son”. There was a world of something in her words. She looked up at the crystal and then at Tyra.  “You were close to freeing the Commander.  I  will need your heart’s blood to finish the job.  Are you willing to give it?”
Tyra gulped then steeled herself, she’d do anything for Simon and Thex, even if it took her life.  “Whatever is required.  May I ask you to watch over my men after I’m gone.”
The Goddess walked up to Tyra and stroked her face. “That goes without saying daughter mine.  Now take your top off and lie down before you fall.”
Tyra did as asked.  The Goddess placed her hand over Tyra’s heart for a moment, making some kind of connection.  Then her hand sank through Tyra’s tissues, straight into her heart.  
John was gobsmacked but watched frozen in place.  He had given his word of honour not to interfere.  Tyra lay as if dead while the Goddess rose up, her hand covered in blood.  She walked to the stone and chanted words in some language he’d never heard before. His mind, however, seemed to know what was being said, something like “Heart of stone, by love be free”. He couldn’t believe it when the stone seemed to shimmer and a man fell to the ground, unconscious.  The Goddess then turned and walked right up to him, placing a bloody hand on his brow.
“John Samuels, you saved my son and his mates...be blessed!” She then placed a silver skull ring on his finger and simply disappeared.

18

Tyra was happy.  If this was heaven it was real good. She was snuggled up against Simon.  She knew his scent, a scent of leather and sin. Oscar was snuggled against her tummy and purring.
She snapped awake and peered at the cat “Oscar?”
Oscar licked the finger she offered to scratch his chin with.  Considering his minding duty done he got up and sauntered off to find some food.
“Ah, you’re awake finally.  Yan’s been threatening to cart you off to hospital if you didn’t wake soon”.
Tyra rolled over to look at Simon.  “You’re really alive!  We’re alive!”
Simon raised his eyes in a ‘but of course ‘ look.  “Mum was hardly going to leave me in the state I was in”.
“The earth Goddess is your mum?”
“She ascended to the next plane of existence long ago and took over guardianship of this planet. Since I was stationed here too she thought we might be able to help each other from time to time.”
“Uh...so what happened?”
“Surprised even me but it appears the Major has been watching us for some weeks.  He was worried about you, that you were in some kind of mess up to your eyeballs but he didn’t know what.  He was watching through binoculars when we entered the cabin.  Must have seen me enter the code.  Anyway he got as far as the end of the passageway when he saw that Din come through one of their portals, straight into the cavern. I’m sorry Tyra, I had no idea they had worked out a way to get past the cabin’s defences.”
“Okay, so lucky fluke the Major was there.”
“I wouldn’t call it luck, turns out the Major’s psychic to some degree.  He doesn’t get specific visions of prophecies but he did feel a need to follow us that day and bring his machine gun. He didn’t know why.”
“And the Din”
“Thex took it to the woods and incinerated it”.
“Thex? Then that means...”
“It means I’m finally free Tyra.” Thex strode into the room like some majestic ancient warrior come to life.
Tyra subconsciously reached for the relative safety of Simon.
Simon laughed.  If you think you’re safer with me I haven’t taught you well enough.
Thex shed his clothes and clambered up onto the bed, rising over the top of her like a great apparition. His penis huge with need. “I promise to work on making myself less scary later but for now I really need you Tyra. Say yes.”
Tyra’s voice nearly died with the awe in her throat but managed to whisper “Yes”.
Simon sat up and moved to arrange some pillows behind him then smiled like a cheshire cat. “Come here Tyra, let me hold you against myself while Thex takes you. Let me be your ropes”.
Tyra blushed, liquid warmth bathed her crotch. “Oh, yes please.” Then she remembered the first time he’d blindfolded her “Sir”. She grinned.
Simon rested Tyra in his lap then spread her legs with his. Having secured her that way he then grabbed her arms and held them out from her body. “All yours Thex”.
Thex towered over them, positioning his cock against her entrance. “I’m not sure how gentle I can be Tyra.  It’s been too long.  I may lose myself”.
“Thex, you're like some kind of legend to me.  If you lose yourself while fucking me I’ll be over the moon.  Now fuck me!”  Tyra couldn’t quite believe that had just come out of her mouth.
“I do not yet understand all your human sayings but over the moon sounds good.” He worked his way into her with some difficulty.  “all-spirit you’re tight”.
“Don’t take this as anything other than a compliment Thex but its not that I’m tight, it’s that you’re huge”.
Thex stilled.  “I could think it smaller if you would like”.
Tyra was aghast.  “Absolutely not, most women only get to dream of feeling so full and complete”.
Thex grinned at that. “Then let me be as much as you need Tyra Goodwin”.
She felt him expand within her and was sure his cock grew in length as well. She shuddered from the sheer pleasure of it.”
Simon smiled to himself at their play but he knew what Thex really needed. “Ah, hmm, you two. When I’ve trained Tyra for it I’ll take her ass and you can try that again but I think now we celebrate our lives and your freedom. Let go Thex, cum for us.”
Thex wasn’t so sure his needs should come before Tyra’s but let his cock return to something more its usual size so as not to hurt her with what he was about to do.  Tyra whimpered a complaint but stopped when Thex started up a steady pounding into her vagina.
Tyra knew that this was sex at its most basic, raw and primal.  Simon had told her previously that some called it yang sex. Whatever it was she allowed herself to become one with the rhythm of it.  She became the sheath to Thex’s sword.  She allowed the boundaries to dissolve until she was just the rhythm and surrendered to it. They came together in a guttural cry that seemed to shake the house.


They lay, cuddled together, Tyra on one side of Simon, Thex on the other.  Simon felt like king of his castle.
Thex glanced mischievously at Tyra. “Is there anything you’ve ever wanted to do to Simon?”
Tyra thought on this.  “Since he gave me his essence I’ve always wished there was a way I could give him mine.  What about you Thex, what would you like to do to Simon?”
Simon smiled at the playful way they were discussing him as if he wasn’t there.  He pondered, though, what Tyra had said. Was there a way he could make that happen? He mused on that.
Thex lay there with his hands behind his head. “I’ve spent thousands of years watching and sharing his mind as he took others. I’ve always wanted to take control, to take Simon.”
Simon stilled.  “Um Thex, I’ve, ah, never...”
“Yes I know, you’re still a virgin in that respect.  I would like to be the one who took you across that line if you would let me.  I want you at my mercy. I want your surrender.”
Simon sucked his breath, it was better than gulping he thought. “I see... well you’d better be a damn sight more gentle with me than you were with Tyra just now.
Thex bent over him and kissed him lightly on the mouth.  Their tongues met and they both groaned before Thex pulled away.  “I give my word and Tyra will help too.”
Tyra raised an eyebrow at that, feeling simultaneously uncomfortable and turned on. Uncomfortable because, while certainly not anti that sort of thing, it certainly wasn’t anything she was familiar with or had even thought much about.  But turned on, yes definitely that, that the two most important men in her life might make love to each other. Hell yes!

19

Simon called out to his chauffeur and long-time friend. “George, can you secure the perimeter. We don’t want to be disturbed for a while.”
George caught on to his boss’s nervousness, the new guy’s gleam that suggested he anticipated some kind of victory and Tyra’s bemused smile. So his boss was about to be on the receiving end for once.  “Sure thing boss”. He left the house whistling cheerfully to himself.
Simon glared after him. “Bastard knows.”
Thex’s look was feral.  “Come Simon, I’ve found just the place”.
Having dispensed with their clothes they all traipsed into Simon’s office. Simon groaned to himself.  Not the desk! He’d had that desk for about two hundred years, it had come out on one of the first European ships to arrive in this land.
Catching his thought Tyra laughed.  “Its alright Simon, I promise to keep the mahogany dry”. She placed a very thick bathroom towel on the desk and then hopped up to sit on it, facing them.
Thex looked at Simon quizzically, “I’m not sure which you’re worried more about, your ass or the desk.”
Simon took a deep breath and then breathed out a release. “I’d prefer if you were gentle with them both”.
Thex walked up to Simon, well and truly invading his personal space. He lowered his mouth to Simon’s lips and took possession. Growling he released Simon, “Then you’d best not resist. Now go and turn and face Tyra and place your hands on the desk.”
Thex undid a tube of lube and lubricated the fingers of his right hand. He smeared some more lube on a butt plug he’d found in Simon’s stash of toys. He walked up behind Simon and kneeled down, briefly kissing him on the ass, then he used his fingers to massage around Simon’s hole.
Simon moaned.  The anticipation edged with a slight fear of the unknown was killing him. He fantasized that if this was Tyra she’d be dripping wet by now.
Tyra caught his thought and smiled, she was starting to be able to read his mind too. “I guess we’ll find out one day”.  Although she wasn’t sure she would be any less nervous than Simon.  She leaned forward and kissed him. Time to start a bit of distraction. Her hands came up to his chest.  She used them alternately to brace him and squeeze his nipples.
Thex used Tyra’s distraction to position the plug. “Gently push back Simon, give it a moment for the ring of muscle to relax.”
Simon regulated his breathing, sinking into the breathing and pushed. He shuddered as he felt himself open and the plug slide in. Surprisingly his ass welcomed the intrusion and he sighed. He knew Thex would leave it in there for a few minutes, letting him adjust. He moaned in pleasure as Thex began to lick his back and Tyra his front, letting himself for once in his life be a passive recipient and just drift into the cloud of pleasure that enveloped him.
Time and space had seemed to still.  He was therefore surprised by the harsh realisation that Thex had stopped and was removing the plug. His nervousness returned.  He guessed he felt like an innocent virgin must feel on her wedding night, although really he was anything but innocent.  He’d thought after 100,000 years that there was little left to surprise him but then Tyra had come along with her pure trust and a heart load of courage.  Now this. He determined then and there to relax and surrender to Thex.  He’d show the same trust as Tyra would.
Thex felt Simon’s surrender in his mind, it was time.  He applied plenty of lube to his cock.  He wanted this to be as good for Simon as him. He positioned himself and pushed part way into Simon, letting him adjust. “Okay?”
Simon closed his eyes letting himself enjoy the feeling of deep physical connection with Thex. “Ah, yes”.
“Just like with the plug, you push back when you’re ready, but take it nice and slow”.
Simon let himself relax further on an outbreath and pushed. The thrill of Thex sliding all the way in nearly brought him. “I don’t know how long I’m going to last, whatever you’re going to do you better do it now.”
Thex slid his cock part way out then ever so slowly impaled Simon again. Sensing no resistance or flinch of pain from Simon he repeated the slow move a few more times just to be sure then increased his speed. He fought against his urge to plunge into Simon and ravage him, instead he kept a tight rein on himself and kept the rhythm steady but moderately gentle.  There’d be many years ahead in which he could take him fully. Which was probably for the best as Simon was so damn tight Thex was close to coming.
Simon took one hand off the desk and pulled Tyra into an embrace.  He wanted to take her up on her offer of taking her essence while Thex gave him his. He knew there was a way.  He’d picked the idea out of her mind.  It must have come from one of the fantasy romance novels she loved to read. He used his mind to create what he needed. He hugged Tyra close so she couldn’t see that two of his incisors were growing.  Being able to manifest one’s physical body had more than a few benefits he mused to himself. As he felt himself and Thex reaching climax he grasped her by her hair, pulled her head to the side and plunged his incisors in, using his mind to block any pain it might cause her.
Tyra erupted into instant orgasm, consumed.  Thex came, no longer able to contain himself as he saw what Simon did.  Simon came as he felt Thex drive to the hilt in his ass and felt their mutual orgasm. “Bloody hell!” No one was sure who said it.

20

George found them all in a cuddled heap on Simon’s office rug. “Sorry boss but the police guy is here.  He’s most insistent.”
Simon, who was on the bottom of the heap, groaned and opened his eyes.  “Okay, tell him to wait in the lounge. Give us five, we’ll need to shower and get dressed.”
Sergeant Wilson was pacing the lounge.  Melissa, the waitress from the pub was with him.
Simon frowned as he walked into the room, wondering at the visit. Usually Michael kept a professional distance from him as he didn’t want to know too much about Simon’s activities and the paperwork they might cause. “Michael?
“There’s something afoot Simon. Steven and his cronies are meeting in the pub’s upstairs conference room. The barman sent Melissa over to let me know. “
Simon’s frown deepened, that sounded ominous. “And you came here because...?”
Michael gave Simon his official stare which everyone in the town knew translated to ‘tell me if I’ve got this wrong’. “Because when there’s trouble in this town you either seem to be somewhere on the edge of it or somehow involved in putting things right.” He drew in a breath and seemed to be steeling himself to say something he didn’t want to. “Also, call me crazy if you want, but no one in this town has ever seen you age a day.  Which mostly is none of our business so we don’t ask and we don’t say anything to those outside the town but if what my grandad told me before he died is true then you’ve been in this town a very long time. I’ve usually stayed out of your way because I just didn’t want to know and as long as you stayed within the law with your business I’ve left you to whatever it is you do. Steven and his meeting, though, has got the hair on the back of my neck prickling and when that happens something bad’s going to happen. Can you help?”
“First you can stop your pacing.  You’re wearing a hole in my floor.”
Michael stilled himself.  He made a distinct effort not to see the bordello decor of the lounge and instead kept his focus well and truly on Simon, Tyra and a half naked Thex who hadn’t had time yet to put a shirt on. He indicated to Thex with an annoyed questioning look.  “I don’t know this guy”.
Simon deciphered that as ‘who the hell’s this stranger in my town and you’d better not be expanding your business Simon’. Simon’s mouth quirked in a half smile.  “I guess it’s time to put the cards on the table then.  Sergeant Michael Wilson, our local law enforcement, meet Commander Aleksios Thex, the galaxy’s guardian for this sector of the universe, recently rescued from his millennia of imprisonment.  He’s also my mate, as is Tyra.”
Tyra blushed but was overjoyed at that little announcement, well that put things out there.
Melissa looked awed.
Michael gave everyone an appraising look.
Thex stepped forward and shook Michael’s hand. “You can just call me Thex”.
They moved their conversation to the kitchen. Tyra, still smiling contentedly to herself, busied herself getting drinks for everyone.
Thex paced thoughtfully then turned to Simon. “Could you do one of your thingies?”
Simon rolled his eyes at the warrior’s well known disdain for all things mystical.  “If you mean contact the all-spirit and see if it gives me a prophecy or vision, yes I could”.  He sat down on the floor mat, away from any objects like chair and table legs, in case he fell. “Here goes.” He turned his mind to the all-spirit and listened.
Everyone in the room stopped what they were doing and just about held their collective breath.  You’d hear a pin drop.
Simon suddenly slumped forward, his breath stilled for a moment then he opened his eyes.  He was back.  “The enemy are coming, they have a ship.  In the vision I saw them landing it on the football oval. They mean to take Thex and destroy him once and for all or destroy the town trying.  If they can dispose of me and probably Tyra as well they’ll try for that too.”
“Michael straightened his shoulders and glared, at no one in particular.  “We don’t negotiate with terrorists. Thex stays, no one’s touching Tyra and as for you Simon, you are the town, you’ve lived here longer than any of us.  Now how do we protect the town. Have I got time to call in the army?”
“I’d advise against contacting the authorities.  The enemy have infiltrated your world so thoroughly there is no knowing who to trust.  They’re just as likely to engineer a situation that brands us as the terrorists, still results in Thex’s demise and the demise of half the town as well.  They’ll cover it all up later as a gas leak or something similar. I’ve seen it done many times before.  We can only trust the people in this town, Steven and his cronies excepting.”
Michael sagged back in his chair, weighed down by the enormity of it all.  “And the when”.
“They’ll come tonight under the cover of dark”.


The people they could trust most had gathered in Simon’s lounge. Simon had slid back a wooden folding wall divider and opened the the high ceilinged room back up to its original ballroom size.
They’d listened intently, with more than a few mouths gaping, while Thex and Simon outlined the full extent of what they faced as well as a bit of background history on the enemy.
Thex drew breath to finish. “So to sum up, we need to disarm the spaceship and take out the enemy on board, before they can harm anyone in the town.”
Tyra winced “by take out the enemy, you mean kill them.”
“I don’t see that there is any other way”.
“We’re assuming they are coming in their full form.  If they’re just hitching a ride in the aura of a human we’ll be killing humans.  Either way it’s pretty final for them.  You said once before that they came from a place between the dimensions, a place that was pretty unpleasant.  If we kill their bodies here their spirits will just go back there and they’ll just use their portal technology to come back.”
Sally stood to speak “What if we cursed them back to the lower planes you just told us about”.  
Thex shrugged his shoulders and looked at Simon for help.  Simon just shook his head. “The beings of our plane don’t know such things”.
“But I do.” This from Thomas, the irresponsible cat owner.  No one was sure why he was here.
Melissa glared at him but nodded in agreement “I don’t like to admit it but he probably can”.
The townsfolk seemed a little amused at the friction between Melissa and Thomas but Thex and Tyra were just confused.
Thex turned to Thomas “Care to explain”.
“What Melissa and her wiccan wannabees hate is that I’m a ritual magician, they consider me the dark side.  I can do you a banishing spell.  But I’ll need something to bespell.”
Melissa restrained herself from going over to punch him, wiccan wannabees indeed.  “We’ll be using bullets I gather, why don’t we get Thomas to bespell those.  We don’t need to shoot to kill then.  One shot anywhere on their body should be enough to send a Din entity to the lower planes and if they happen to just be in the aura of a human at the time it will free the human. If they’re in human form we’ll need a way to see auras though, that’s a bit of a problem”.
Simon smiled, he still had his herbal dust.  “Nothing insurmountable and we could use heavy duty tranquilizer darts on any possessed humans, if Sally has some to spare from the vet clinic.”
Tyra was still disturbed “That’s all very well but what if they surrender?  If they give up peacefully we shouldn’t just throw them into the lower worlds.  We have to give them an option, some way they could stay in this world if they promised to leave us alone.”
Thex sighed, Tyra’s compassion was going to complicate things but he still admired her for it.  She was after all a follower of filia, the path of love and compassion so he couldn’t very well blame her for being true to her path. “Only if they surrender and you’ll have to come up with a convincing option or we go back to plan a.”
Tyra gave a quick nod and looked to Simon for support. “I’ll go seek the Goddess’s advice”.
Melissa looked excited at that, “Could Rob and the rest of our coven come with you?”
Simon thought on this “I can’t see why not but we’ll need either a sacred place or a place of death if we are going to call her”.
Melissa had an idea. “There’s a grove where we perform our rituals, will that do?”
“Yes that will be fine.”
Thex cleared his throat to interrupt.  “Okay we’ve got that bit sorted.  We still need to contain, board and disarm the ship, not necessarily in that order. We also need a place to hold those who surrender or who we capture. Like Simon and me the Din can’t be contained easily.  They only manifest a material body through choice.  They’ll just zap out of anything we put them in.”
Thomas laughed arrogantly, bemused at their collective lack of knowledge. “Not if you put them in a Circle of Solomon.”
Simon raised an eyebrow.  “I thought that was just a ring sorcerers like you put on their fingers”.
Thomas shrugged. “It can be but it can also be a ritual space on the ground.  At its most basic you only need two concentric circles with a Star of David in the middle.  A paint marker and we could mark one out as big as you like on the football ground.  Football club might not be amused though.”
Thex absentmindedly scratched his head and looked confused. “Explain to me Thomas what a Circle of Solomon does and how its going to help us?”
“Simple, its a ritual circle for containing demons.  Throw them in and they can’t get out.  What I’m thinking is if we mark one out on the football ground then when the ship lands it won’t be able to take off.”
Thex was starting to like the idea but it sounded too easy. “Won’t they see it and just land elsewhere?”
Thomas shrugged his shoulder, the whole thing was so obvious in his mind. “Not if we mark it out in a colour that doesn’t show up in the dark.  Anyone got some grey paint we could use?”
Michael thought he knew where there was some left over from when they last painted the fire station. “We’ll find some.”
Well that sounds like a plan Thex thought to himself. “Okay then how do we take the ship?”
George stood to speak.  “That’s where the Major and I come in.  There’s some real cool weapons back in Jack’s hut including a Barrett M82 that can shoot heavy calibre .50BMG rounds from at least a kilometer away, maybe two. Simon could zap those back here. I’ll take sniper position on top of the disused church tower with the Barrett. I’ve had a quick word with Ally, the local electrician, who now has it as her home. She’ll let me up there. I should be able to take out even weapons from there. Although a grenade launcher would have been nice as well.”
Michael grinned, finally pleased he could offer something to help.  “As it turns out there’s one stored at the station, would you believe in case of civil unrest or invasion or some sort. I think we can class this as fending off an invasion.  There is also the old cannon that sits out the front of the Returned Services League club, I think they still have a few cannon balls that go with that.”
Thex was still unsure of their collective capacity to deal with what was coming but things were sounding sort of plausible.  “Okay, but we won’t use the cannon, except for intimidation purposes, unless we have to.  I’d like that to keep that ship if we could, it’s an asset that might come in handy.  Can we we load the cannon on the back of some kind of vehicle that we could drive up to point it at their front door when we want in?”
Michael nodded “Might take a bit of doing but I think I can rustle up enough guys to set it up on the flat tray of an old truck we can use.”
Thex turned back to George. “And the Major.”
“Ah well, it seems when you were being rescued the Goddess gifted the Major with some real cool powers. Go on show ‘em John.”
The Major sat down and concentrated.  Everyone turned, somewhat aghast, as he also walked into the room from the hall outside.  “As you can see I can project myself and...” He bent to pick up a coffee cup from a nearby table, “I can also touch and move things in my projected form.” If Sally would kindly come here...” Sally came over.  “Now reach out with your hand.” The hand went through him like his projection was a ghost, Sally jerked back in surprise. “Thanks Sally. “They won’t be able to damage me with their weapons like they could Simon or Thex. I’m thinking I can project myself onto the ship once it’s landed.  I’ll relay you back intel and cause general confusion on board. It also appears that I now have the ability to sense entities that pose a threat, at least within a hundred meter radius, so I can let you know numbers”.
Thex shook his head in amazement.  A more ragtag team he’d never had but he had to give it to them, they showed a surprising amount of ingenuity and resolve.  “Sounds like a plan then, a shaky plan, but it's all we’ve got. George can you go and see Ally to see what she can rig us up with as far as communication between teams. Yan, I assume you’ll set up a medical bay that can also take in all non operational townsfolk including the children and elderly and set up a defensible position for them but I’d like you on my team when we board the ship.”
Yan pressed his palms together and bowed his head slightly to show his agreement. “Not a problem.”
“All-spirit be with us” Tyra prayed as everyone left for their respective tasks.

21

As Tyra went to leave Suzukisan lightly grabbed her by the arm. “A moment Tyra.”
Tyra bowed respectfully “Sure Suzukisan”
“Tell me Tyra, have you ever seen how a pride of lions move in for the final kill on a large wildebeest or elephant, without getting trampled themselves”.
“Yes, I’ve seen it on wildlife docos. They circle the animal, keeping out of its reach, nipping at it, drawing blood and wearing it down until it tires so much they can pull it down”.
“There is always much to learn from nature Tyra.  If you ever need to fight something very large be that pride of lions.  Keep your mind as clear as the sky, free of contention and doubt.  Let there be no opponent versus you, only the one. Connect with earth and spirit. Move like a mountain stream, quick and nimble, go around obstacles, wear them down.” He looked down and reached into a pocket, pulling out a small pendant.  “Wear this for me, the Goddess of compassion Kannon-sama will protect you”.
Tyra bowed again. “Thank you Suzukisan. I’ll remember.”
Simon followed Tyra out the door, frowning.


Melissa, Rob and her other coven members met them near the grove of Southern Myrtles, Nothofagus cunninghamii, that Rob had planted in his back paddock. The Major had come along too.  The now ex-atheist said he had a few questions for the Goddess.
Melissa looked at Tyra, hoping the place would suit.  “Will this do?”
“Give me a minute.”  Tyra entered the circle and took a seat on the ground near the hearth.  It was a damp, tough luck. She closed her eyes and became aware of her breathing then sent her consciousness down to merge with the earth.  She felt its resonance, it nearly purred at her mental caress.  Tyra opened her eyes.  “Yes this will do nicely.  Will you guys form a circle or whatever you do?”
Melissa suggested Simon and John stand either side of Tyra.  Her coven spread themselves out around the circle.  Starting in the east she called to the quarters to witness the rites of the circle and act as guardians.  She called to the powers of the elements, in love and truth to share the rite. Being the southern hemisphere, when it came to the elements she called to the element of Earth for the South and Fire for the North. Then she came to the centre, in front of Tyra, Simon and John and called to the Spirit of All. “Now I will call the Goddess

Erce, erce, erce eorþan modor
Hal wes þu, folde, fira modor!

Earth, Mother earth, hail to you, mortals mother.”

Simon smiled to himself, he sure wasn’t mortal but he’d guess his mum wasn’t a stickler for detail anyway, it was intent that really mattered.
Melissa turned to Tyra.  “Do your connection now.”
Tyra recast her mind to the earth, becoming one again with the resonance, drawing it up through her being and offering it to the all-spirit.  Bright light flared above her crown chakra and came plummeting back down through her into the earth.  Tyra’s only thought as she observed this was I guess the all-spirit likes yang sex sometimes too.
“Indeed” came a voice Tyra recognised. The Goddess stood before them smirking, if Goddesses can be said to smirk.  Certainly there was a twinkle in her eye. “I know why you are here.  Yes Tyra you can offer my grace to any of the enemy that surrender, although I do not think they will like it.  If they choose they may experience their karma from all that they have done on this planet and to this planet. They can experience it in a moment in time but it won’t be pleasant for them.  Cleansed of their karma they may then choose to die.  I will allow them to be reincarnated into a life on this planet and they will keep reincarnating until they evolve.  Alternately they may swear to serve me, at my command and I will allow them to have a human form of their own, although they may take their other form in service to me. That is all I am prepared to offer.” She turned to Melissa, I am well pleased with you daughter, your consort and the others here. I have few who honor me in the South of this planet. Will you pledge yourselves and the child you carry to help my son and his mates in their battle? Will you help me to protect and heal this planet?”
Melissa bowed deeply, the rest stood in shock but bowed their heads.  None had actually ever expected to see the Goddess in person. “You know we will”.
The Goddess walked forward and place a palm over Melissa’s womb. “Then I proclaim you the Adin, those against the Din.  You may release your circle daughter, I would stay and have a few words with John as he wishes to know more about the extent of his powers.”
Melissa bowed again went to give thanks and release to the elements and the quarters, who was she to argue ritual procedure with a Goddess. Rob left with the other coven members to go back to Thex for orders.  Melissa decided to wait for Tyra as she had much she wanted to ask.  

Simon stepped forward and embraced his mother.  “I love you Ma, may the all-spirit help us”.
Ma gently touched Simon’s forehead.  “I’m with you always, just reach for me in your mind if you have need of me again.  Mind you I like it when Tyra sends down the energy.” She smiled at Tyra. “It strengthens me.  Some days I feel so tired, but soon, soon things will start to right themselves. Everything comes in cycles. Be well son.  Now go and help Thex, the commander needs you and Tyra, he needs the companionship of both of you.  It’s a lonely task otherwise that he’s got ahead of him.”
Simon and Tyra bowed and left leaving the Major to talk to the Goddess.
Simon made to leave. “I’ll hurry back to the house Tyra.  You and Melissa make your way back when you’re ready”, and then he disappeared.
Melissa just shook her head. “All this is starting to make my head spin”.
Tyra patted her on the back.  “You’ll get used to it.  Come on, we’d better head back, the afternoon is getting on.”

22

They’d thought to take a quicker shortcut back, following the long disused dunny cart track. The forest on either side was starting to reclaim it but it was still passable.
Tyra casually passed her Walther PPK handgun to Melissa. “Know how to use one of these?”
“Yeah? Not this particular type but I’ve shot a few rabbits in my time.  Why?”
“Don’t show that you know, just keep talking to me as if nothing’s up, we’re being stalked.”
“How many?”
“Just the one but I think it’s taken corporeal form, not just ethereal.  Their spaceship isn’t here yet so I’m guessing its Steven’s.  It must be out scouting while Steven’s off doing whatever he’s up to. I haven’t had a chance to load that gun with any of Thomas’s bullets yet.  Unless you’re close you’re not going to necessarily kill it with that. Shoot it in the legs if it comes at you, they’re top heavy beasts, but otherwise, as soon as you see a clear path of escape run for it.”
“What about you? I can’t leave you to that thing.”
Tyra surreptitiously unfolded the karambit knife in her pocket.  A gift from Yan it was small but viciously sharp, it also had a saw blade on its reverse edge. She put it in a concealed reverse hold. She leaned down as if to scratch an itch on her leg and pulled a nasty looking Kris knife from her boot as well, concealing it in her left hand. “The boys will have already sensed the danger to me.  I only need to hold him off while you make a run for it.  Remember there’s two of you to consider. Not to mention that a certain Goddess would be pretty pissed if anything happened to the child she just blest.”
Melissa’s thoughts went to the baby inside her. Tyra was unfortunately right. She reeled in fright as the beast suddenly sprang into their path.
Drool dripped from its teeth. “Ah the prophesied one without her minder or guardian.  I knew if I waited long enough the chance would come”.
Tyra fished inside herself for whatever bravery she could find. “I have no wish to harm you.  Leave us and go back to your slave.”
The beast roared in laughter then sneered at her.  “You, a mere human, hurt me...Not even the galaxy’s finest could stop us all those years ago.  I enjoyed ripping apart much of your commander’s team.  Sakla was so pleased he gave me this place to watch and stop any rescue attempts on the prisoner”.
Egomaniac, if she could just use that weakness to keep him talking.  “Doesn’t seem like much of a reward to me.  Sakla sets up a global empire and you get a dead end job as a watchman.”
The beast howled in anger and slashed out its mighty arms. Tyra evaded by allowing herself to fall beneath where he aimed.  Okay maybe telling him he’d been duped by his boss hadn’t been the right approach. Rolling and coming up from a low crouching stance she took her chance at a surprise attack and aimed the karambit straight into his balls, slicing a tendon on the way.
Enraged the beast lunged again.  As expected it tried to use its arms as clubs to direct a side swipe to her head.  Tyra ducked.  Flow like water, that’s what Suzukisan had said.  Keep outside its circle of reach. Mind as clear as the sky, body connected with the earth. There is no opponent if everything is one. Tyra became one with the dance of death and emptied her mind.  The beast would lunge and swipe, lunge and swipe.  There was a pattern to its fighting strategy. There was no pattern to hers, she used every multilevel stance and crouch and piece of footwork she’d learnt but without conscious thought.  She was just the observer.
The beast had strength but lacked stamina, it began to tire, its moves becoming more ponderous.
Tyra paced herself, endurance is a woman’s strength and as long as she didn’t use up all her inner reserves she could keep going like this for some time. “I have no wish to hurt you Din, leave us in peace.”
“And have the boss gut me, I don’t think so human.”
Damn, if the beast thought it was backed into a corner with no option there would be no end to this until one of them died. It was now or never, before she really did tire. She pulled energy from her chakras, as Yan had taught her, she gathered the energy into her gut.  Then using a rolling maneuver she made as if to run for it but came up behind the beast instead, visualised herself as a flying monkey and leapt. She landed on the back of its neck and drove the Kris deep into the side of its neck, slicing through nerves and blood vessels.
The beast roared in pain and tried to shake her off but she held until she could safely jump free.
Tyra resumed her dance of goad and evasion, watching the beast.  Blood poured from its throat. She felt pity for it as it rolled its eyes backwards and crashed to the ground.
“Can I shoot it now?”
Tyra was surprised, she hadn’t realised that Melissa was still there. “No but don’t hesitate to if it makes any sudden moves.” She walked cautiously up to the beast.
It raised an eyelid, watching her approach. It could feel its essence slipping away.  No matter, on death he would return to the between. They wouldn’t be rid of him so easy. “Coming in for the final kill are we, little human? Must say, someone trained you well.”
Tears streamed down Tyra’s face.  “I have never wanted to cause anything pain.  Forgive me Din, you gave me no choice.  This doesn’t have to be your end though.” She explained the Goddesses offer.
“Thanks but no thanks, I will return to The Between, until next time human.”
“Then I think we better reduce your odds of there being a next time.” Simon stepped out of nowhere and shot the beast.  It disappeared in a puff of smoke. “A few lifetimes in the lower worlds won’t hurt that one.”
Tyra was not surprised by Simon’s sudden arrival and she breathed a sigh of relief that it was all over but she felt bad for the beast. “He thought he had an easy way out, we just made it that much harder for him.”
Simon hugged her close. “You’re right to feel compassion Tyra, he’s as much a part of us as any piece of the all-spirit is but for now he’s a dangerous piece. He’s avoided his cycles of rebirth long enough, now he needs to purge his karma by realising that there has to be something more than his individual self.  The lower worlds will get him to the point of despair with his current path then he will be born into this middle plane to learn just that.  Your compassion just now may leave an impression on his soul.  It will help him along his path.”
Tyra felt a little better at that but she would make sure to send love and compassion to the Din occasionally when she meditated, to send love and compassion to all the souls yet to find the love and acceptance she, Simon and Thex now shared.
Simon motioned for them to leave. “Come on then you two, it’s getting late and we all need to be in position before night comes.”  He glanced down at his weapon approvingly. “At least we know the bullets work.”

22

The sun had gone down two hours ago, there was no moon, it was full dark.  Only the council streetlights outside the police station and the shop lit the town. Some light filtered from behind the curtains and blinds of homes.  A few dogs barked, breaking the an eerie quiet.
The Major’s spidery senses prickled.  “They’re coming.”
Thex yelled into his the two way radio Ally had found him “Get ready George, two shots then get out of there before they return fire on you, is that clear”.
“Aye, aye Commander”, came the jovial but sarcastic response.
Thex spoke again into the hand held. “Teams in position!”
“Teams are ready” came the reply from Michael.


In the sky above what looked like the antarctic lights, the aurora, appeared in the sky, a swirling mass of red and green.  As the lights came lower the Narr ship became visible in all its grandeur. Rob, manning the truck with RSL’s cannon, swore. “Cor blimey, the bloody thing’s real”. He’d really hoped the nightmare that Thex and Simon had described was just a figment of their imaginations.
Melissa leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. “It’ll be right Rob. It is a fortunate warrior that gets to fight a righteous battle against evil. If anything happens to us we’ll have done our bit for the Goddess’s cause and if we win it’ll be a small victory towards a better world.  Either way we win.”
“My wise barmaid didn’t just make that up did she?”
“My own take on a line from the Bhagavad-gita, said to a troubled warrior thousands of years ago”, she leaned in reassuringly to Rob.  “You’ll be fine my warrior”.
Rob snorted but returned the hug.


Thex turned to the Major. “Looks like Simon was spot on, they’re landing on the football field, not surprising really as it’s the only flat ground around here. I’m heading down to the perimeter.  I’ll arm Simon’s security system on the way out.  You’ll be safe here.”
The Major laughed.  “I’ve been in worse situations” although on second thought maybe he hadn’t.  “Good luck.” He watched Thex nod and leave.  “Right-i-o Goddess, let’s use what you’ve given me”.


Thex hurried down to the football field. He took cover with the others there, behind the club huts.
A loud voice boomed out of the ship’s speaker system. “Surrender the immortals in your midst or be destroyed.  You have five minutes to bring them here.”
Thex took the loud hailer Simon passed him.  “Not going to happen.  You are surrounded.  You don’t realise it yet but your ship is grounded.  It will not lift off while a single one of you remains on board”. He turned to Simon.  “Now we’ll see how good Thomas’s magic is.”
There was a loud roar of engines and the lights of the ship swirled, its hull groaned and vibrated with effort as it attempted to lift off.  It didn’t move.
Thex gave Simon a high five, slapping their palms together in glee. As the ship gave up its struggle and everything quietened he picked up the hailer again. He thought it might be best if he didn’t goad them right now with an I-told-you-so. “Come out unarmed and surrender.  Those of you who fight will be doomed to the lower worlds, surrender and you will not be harmed.”
Their answer came as blast of weapons fire from the ship took out part of the field’s spectators’ stand.
Michael, on top of the fire station, saw where the weapons fire had come from.  He aimed and fired his grenade launcher, scoring a direct hit.
Thex yelled into his two way radio. “Rob, shoot a warning shot across their bow, lets give them something to think about.”
Melissa steered the truck to aim the cannon and Rob lit the fuse. Surprisingly, the cannon after its years of ornamental disuse, fired. The truck nearly shook itself to pieces as the ball shot into the sky. Wisely Melissa had dived out of the cab in case the cannon came back with the blast. The shot landed near the hull of the ship, shaking the ground beneath it.  Rob yelled into the two-way.  “They must have felt that one but I think the truck will only stand us shooting one more.”
“Make for cover, we’ll keep it in reserve”
At that moment the hatch on the side of the ship opened and two heavily armed Din stormed out only to be shot by sniper fire from George. The Din disappeared in a puff of smoke as they were banished to the lower worlds. The ship turned a weapon and opened up on the old church tower. Sandstone blocks falling like meteorites.
Simon grimaced and whispered to himself. “You’d better have followed orders and got out old mate.”
Another grenade from the fire station rained down on the ship.  It didn’t knock out the other weapon but it seemed to damage it as it appeared stuck in its current position.
Thex yelled into his radio “Now would be a good time Major.  What’s your status?”
The Major’s projected double looked around the command deck of the ship, Din were screaming and yelling at him, trying to claw him, hit him and shoot him with everything they got. It all passed straight through him.  Calmly he directed a look at the weapons console and it started to sizzle, smoke and flames began pouring out of it.  The Din redirected their efforts to putting the fire out.  Back in the Simon’s house his body picked up the two-way radio.  “I’ve disabled their weapons.  Including the two you guys just banished I count a dozen Din.  I can keep them distracted this end if you want to take the ship.”
“Michael, George if you’re still there, we’re going in.”
“We’ve got your backs”, came Michael's voice over the transceiver.
“Ditto” came a reply from George that caused a great sigh of relief from Simon.
Thex gathered up Simon, Yan and Suzukisan and they headed to the ship. “We clear at the entrance Major?”
“All clear. They’re too busy in here dealing with multiple systems failures.”
“Just don’t destroy the engine room John, I want that ship in going order”
The Major laughed back at him. “I’ll see if I can restrain myself.”
Thex entered the ship.
“Two coming your way Commander,” came the Major’s warning.
“Got it” Thex whispered back.  “Keep your voice down now Major, we’re inside.”
Two Din appeared in the passageway.  Thex and Simon opened up with two of Uncle Jack’s old SPAS 12 combat shotguns.  The guns were ugly as sin but with the bespelled polycore rounds were well up to taking out the Din with a single shot each to the chest. The Din evaporated “Two down, eight to go. Which way to the command deck Major?”
“About ten metres ahead of you turn right and follow the corridor, it’s at the end.”
“Is there a second entrance to it?”
“Yes there is.” The Major duly explained the second route to Simon and Suzukisan , the later looking formidable with his two Samurai swords. They headed off in that direction.
Thex and Yan took out two more Din on the way. “Hope you’re counting six on the flight deck Major?”
“Six it is.”
Thex turned to Yan beside him.  “Hold back behind me until the last minute, let them have a moment’s false confidence.”
Yan smiled and nodded. He was more than adequately armed with a Heckler and Koch semi-automatic but he had his knives within easy reach as well.
Thex stormed the flight deck, “Surrender now!”
Two Din went for their weapons.  Thex took out one and Yan, appearing out of nowhere, took the other.  The sound of a loaded barrel being cocked behind them had the rest turning and raising their hands, um claws, as Simon and Suzukisan entered from the other side.
The remaining four Din were marched out of the ship where they were met by Michael, George, Thomas and Tyra. Tyra and Thomas were feeling a bit like good cop, bad cop. Tyra, armed with a tranquilizer gun just in case, explained the deal “You’ve got two options, or actually two and a half really.  Thomas here can banish you directly to the lower worlds or you can accept the mercy of the Goddess.”
One of the Din eyed her with suspicion. “What is this mercy you speak of?”
“The Goddess can make it so that you experience in a moment of time the pain and suffering of all you have done.  You will see in very fast forward all the harm you have done and the consequences stemming from it.  Purged in this way you may either then choose to die and be reincarnated into a human life on this planet or, and this is the two and half option, you can swear to serve the Goddess in which case she will gift you with a corporeal form that can shapeshift between human and Din. If you break your vow to the Goddess all bets are off and you will be instantly banished to the lower worlds.You can have sixty seconds to think about, then Thomas banishes you.”
The Din discussed it amongst themselves then two stepped forward.  “We will test this mercy while the others watch to see what happens to us.”
“Then kneel.” Tyra stepped forward and placed her palms, one on each Din’s forehead. “By the grace of the Goddess, be redeemed!”
Both Din instantly fell to the ground in a heart piercing scream then collapsed into unconsciousness. After a moment, with tears streaming down from their reptilian eyes they sat up and bent their heads to Tyra.  “We will make amends and serve the Goddess.”
One of the other Din growled in disgust. “What slavery is this, you have bespelled them witch.”
The one next to him struggled against his restraints and spat at his captors. “I will not be party to this mercy.”
Thomas took the gun Thex offered to him and shot them.  They disappeared in a puff of smoke.
Simon was bemused. “I thought you were going to say some fancy words.”
Thomas sneered at him.  “Would be a waste of a good spell when I’d already bespelled the bullets. Magicians don’t waste their energy.”
Tyra turned her attention back to the other Din on the ground only to find two humans in their place. Both were of moderate build but muscular, dark haired but with the strangest orange eyes. “Hi guys, so who are you?”
One looked up to peer at her. “I am Mendal, the ship’s engineer and this is Upal, our chief scientist and inventor of the stone fire.”
Thex swore. “Blood’s oath, so you’re the inventor of that damn dark light stuff?”
Upal shrugged nonchalantly.  “I’m a scientist. I just invent the stuff, not my fault where it gets pointed. So I guess I die now?”
Thex near snarled.  “No you don’t die.  As long as you hold true to your word to serve the Goddess you’re on our side.” Then he stormed off.
Upal mused.  “Don’t think that one likes me.”
Simon gave him a reassuring pat on the shoulder.  “He’ll get over it.  Especially if you can find a way to help us free the rest of his team.  Most of all, he’s honourable to his word.”
Michael ambled over looking with annoyance at the spaceship illegally parked on his town’s football field.  “And what are we going to do with that damn thing? It better be moved by dawn!”

Epilogue

Oscar was propped up on the vet’s examining table, licking Sally’s finger and looking pleased with himself.
Sally stroked his soft fur with her other hand. Oscar had normal grey tabby colouring but it shone with a kind of metallic sheen. “Well he seems to be growing fast. What are you feeding him?”
Tyra looked guiltily at Sally “um, actually, he eats what we do.  We tried putting out cat food for him a few times but he usually glares at us, hisses and generally gives us what-o if we try.  Even swatted the tin right out of Thex’s hand one day”.
“So what are you saying, the cat’s vegetarian?”
“Fraid so. We mix yogurt in with his milk to enrich it, he likes a feed of that too.”
“Hmm, strictly speaking cats are carnivores.  There’s lots of vitamins like B12 and amino acids that they can’t get except from meat.  I’ll prescribe him a pet vitamin, it comes in liquid form, just give him a few drops a day as indicated on the packet. We’ll see how he goes on your food.  You can buy vegan pet food these days but if he’s thriving and happy let’s keep with what you’re doing.” She gently pulled the hairs under Oscar’s chin.  “All right with you fella?”
“Rrraw!”
“I’d swear he understands my every word”
“Ah, actually he does. He’d speak but cat vocal chords don’t allow it.  Most of the time the three of us communicate with him in mental pictures. Oscar’s really a merged being, part of him is the kitten we saved but the other part is a bit of Simon.”
Sally was impressed but her brow furrowed in concern. “Wow.  Um, but isn’t that a bit like how the Din attach on to human auras?”
Tyra shook her head: a head these days sporting a crop of nearly shoulder length hair the colour of burnished bronze. “No this is different.  The bit that is from Simon is fully integrated into Oscar. It’s the same for me.  I can’t really imagine a completely separate Tyra any more, nor would I even want to.”
Sally looked at her friend hopefully. “So I guess you’re not going back to your job in the city then.”
“Oh no, I resigned that long ago.  Anyway Simon’s got me, with Mendal’s help, researching everything I can about the Din, their history, their strengths and weakness and the current extent of their global operations.”
“And Simon, he’s going to make enough from the security business?”
“Simon has plenty invested, enough none of us really need to work but the Security business is a good cover for us. A lot of the fishing shacks around the lakes are vacant in the off-season so we’ll get enough work protecting those to keep the business legit. Plus your brother now considers us to be the unofficial neighbourhood watch.”
“I think Michael’s glad that you guys have got his back.  It’s always tough being the lone cop in these small country towns. Do you think the Din will leave us alone now?”
“Hard to say.  They know we mean to rescue the others.  I’ll expect they’ll be watching us but it will be hard for them to move into the vicinity undetected.  Nothing much will get past the Major’s spidery senses now he’s based himself here.”
“Speaking of which, I assume the Major passed you lot on your licences?”
“Not only that but he also passed Thex, even though Thex didn’t do the training.” Tyra sounded a little miffed at that.  “Some technicality in the training world, the Major called it recognition of prior learning.  It was apparently a lot of paperwork for the Major to process but he said it would have been a complete waste of his time to train Thex. He just spent an afternoon with him going over the regulations and a few bits of procedural stuff. Thex and the Major are thinking of setting up a survival training camp out at Jack’s old cabin.  They’ve got to build some more facilities out there first though.”
Sally still didn’t understand something.  “But Thex doesn’t even exist as far as the authorities are concerned.  How can he even get a license?”
“Ah,” Tyra paused, looking for the right words to say without giving away too many of the Major’s secrets. “I think the Major has contacts in very high places.  Somethings are better not to ask.”
Sally took the hint.  “Well as long as one of the Major’s secrets doesn’t include a wife or girlfriend we don’t know about.”
“Sally? You got the hots for the Major?”
“Yeah I know, he must be about fifteen years older than me.”
“I’d be the last one to ever say that age was a problem, wouldn’t I? You know Simon and I are starting up some classes in Tantra at the youth club, adults only of course. Why don’t you invite him along?”
Sally turned bright red and had a coughing fit.


Simon and Annie sat on the glassed in verandah enjoying a hot cup of tulsi in the morning sun. Annie had turned up on quick visit. She’d been talking plenty to her daughter on the phone but it had been since Jack’s death that she’d seen her.
“So Annie, did you ever tell Tyra who her dad was?”
Annie heaved a huge sigh. “No, I thought it best at the time if everyone thought I didn’t know who the father was.  Proved to be a risky strategy as the authorities nearly took Tyra off me, what with all the prejudice against unwed mothers back then. Fortunately dad used his legal clout to formally adopt Tyra but I raised her.  I guess one day I should tell her she’s my adopted sister as well as being my daughter, just I never wanted to raise the whole subject and Tyra respected my privacy on it.”
“You know, he misses you.”
“What? I’ve never seen him since. Anyway he must have found someone else by now.  What would he want with an old woman?”
“He stayed away from you both to keep you safe, he didn’t want to, I assure you. Why don’t you go and find him.”
“I wouldn’t know where to look.”
“I might. Jnarn stayed on this plane of existence.  He’s been working with Japanese geneticists to try and figure out how Din engineered viruses have affected human DNA. They’re looking at ways to reactivate parts of the code that have been switched off and identify any reptilian DNA they might have grafted in.
Annie beamed, her heart fluttered as her mind went back the brief and intense love affair she’d had. “Oh”, then she remembered her age, “but...”
“Apparently you just need to swallow his cum Annie.”
Annie sputtered.  “What!”
“The essence he gave you when you made love was just enough to create Tyra, otherwise you’d now be immortal.”
Just at that moment Tyra walked in with Oscar in her arms.  “Oh, Hi Mum, I didn’t know you were coming to visit.” She bent down to put Oscar on the floor so she could go and give her mum a hug.
Annie stared at the young woman, there was some resemblance to Tyra but her daughter had never looked quite that good even in her twenties. Tyra had only ever had those eyes of clear pale blue when she was a newborn. “Who are you?”
Tyra hugged her mum laughing, “Oh Mum, you always say the nicest things.” 
Simon coughed and looked meaningfully at Annie.  “You know what we were talking about just now...”
Annie went wide eyed and looked at her daughter again, understanding gelled.  “Oh my, you’re immortal!”, then she hugged her daughter right back.


Later that day, after Annie had left, Thex, Simon and Tyra meandered down to their playroom which Simon had moved from the lounge down into their recently refurbished basement. Simon had said it was time the ‘bordello’ got moved now that it was no longer his business.
“I still don’t know how you and Mendal managed to get the ship moved before dawn came that day.”
“Ally, the local electrician was a big help, she and Upal worked on the wiring while Mendal, George and I readied the rest of the ship.  George and Mendal make a fearsome engineering team. Anyway we managed to get enough of the ships systems back up and we parked her at the bottom of the deepest lake around here, Lake Shannon. We used a transporter, which is now parked in the other bay of the volunteer fire station, to get back here before dawn.  There were a few out of town reports of sightings of a Southern Lights aurora but it was all put down to the meteorite strike that the football club claim hit their grounds in the middle of the night.  The insurance company is taking a while paying up on that one but it should come through.”
Tyra positively cackled with glee. “And Ally’s tower?”
“Oh well that’s classified as an historic monument, she’s getting a government grant to get the stonework refurbished.”
Tyra shook her head, it was always a mystery to her how taxpayers dollars got spent. “We can’t get money for the youth club but we can get a disused church fixed? I’m happy for Ally though. What about Steven, has anyone seen him?”
Simon began removing his clothes, watching Tyra like a predator about to get a meal. “We think that once he lost his guardian demon, so to speak, he high-tailed it out of the area. No one’s seen him and the Major should pick him up on his psychic radar if he comes near the town again.”
Thex followed Simon’s lead and shed his clothes and began walking towards Tyra edging her backwards towards the whipping frame.
Tyra looked around nervously when she noticed where they were heading her. “Now...what are you guys up to?”
Thex began undressing her then gently planted soft kisses down her torso, distracting her while Simon cuffed her to the frame. He rose back up to his full height, a vision of some ancient god, leaning in he took her mouth prisoner. 
Simon stepped up behind her and whispered in her ear. “Annie told us why she came today. Apparently it’s someone’s birthday. We thought we’d take you out to dinner at the pub to celebrate but then we had second thoughts. We thought we’d eat in instead.”
Tyra gulped, she’d get revenge back on her mother later for dobbing her in. “Um, what’s on the menu guys?” As if she didn’t already know.
In answer Simon kneeled and nuzzled between her legs, his tongue seeking her inner warmth. Thex’s incisors lengthened as his mind found the right image to create them. He nudged Tyra’s neck as if asking for permission. “I want your essence too Tyra, I want part of you to be part of me. We both love you, we accept you, we are one.”
Tyra let go of her boundaries and surrendered, inwardly smiling deeply, “Yes please...Sirs!”
Excerpt from Book 2: A lick of Immorality

They manifested inside a small mountain cave. Simon lit some candles he’d left on previous visits.  The light revealed the staggering beauty of the crystal lined cave.
“Silwa and his people blocked off the entrance millennia ago to keep out the curious and to hide it from the Din.” Simon motioned to the ceiling, made up of crystals of clearest quartz. “It’s beautiful isn’t it? Can you feel it? They each hold a piece of high-level consciousness that has protected Arion and kept him company all these years. I seeded it with the necessary particles long ago in the hope they would flourish here and help to heal him.  They have grown beautifully.”
Thex smiled at his lover’s care of his friend. “You sound like a gardener.”
Simon liked that idea, “indeed!”
Thex walked over to the contorted crystal that graced the back of the cavern. He leaned forward to touch his forehead to the cool stone. Seeking with his mind he tried to find Arion’s essence but couldn’t. He turned with anguish back to Simon.  “Are you sure this is him?” he asked with a rare tear threatening to travel down the side of his face.
Simon sighed heavily. “It has been difficult to reach him. He’s contracted so far inside himself.  That is why I grew the crystals here, in the hope of giving his soul comfort. Silwa comes here often but he has many duties in the area that keep him away.  Arion hasn’t had the same ongoing companionship as you’ve had from me and your human guardians. Unfortunately there is another of your team, Kiana, who is even more isolated.” He walked over to Thex’s side. “Let’s try together to touch Arion’s mind.”
Thex worried at the suffering of the rest of the seven but let it go for later.  He and Simon rested their heads against the crystal and sought contact, first with each other, then using their combined mind they reached out into the centre of the crystal. And there it was! Just a spark of mind but it was there. “Arion!” Thex just about yelled with his mind, “are you still in there my friend?”
“Thex”  the mind’s response was at first weak but interest and yearning awoke in it. “Are you really here?”
Relief flooded Thex’s mind and into their three-way mind link. “You bet old friend.  Simon is with me too.  Simon and my other mate Tyra got me out.  Simon seems to think it won’t be long and you’ll be out too.”
“You mated SIMON? Somehow I can’t imagine you being his sub. Who’s Tyra?” There was a tone of jealousy in the question.
“Tyra’s the lovely human who came to my rescue.  She and Simon started to get me out when they were attacked by the Din. Simon was badly injured but a now good friend turned up and dealt with the Din.  Tyra called Simon’s mum, together they finished freeing me and then Ma healed Simon who’d been gravely wounded in the attack.” Thex relayed pictures of the events to Arion’s mind. “Oh, and it's Tyra who plays Simon’s games, not me.  Simon and I have made our own arrangements, usually involving Tyra, who’s immortal now by-the-way.”
Arion was fascinated for the first time in longer than he wanted to remember, jealous but fascinated. Simon had been but a boy at the time of the great defeat but he had gotten to know him through his visits to his prison over the years. He didn’t dislike the bloke, in fact they had formed a tangible friendship over the years, but he would never have imagined Thex and Simon as mates. There was tinge of sadness in his heart. “So what you are saying is that you’ve moved on.”
Thex nearly banged his head on the crystal in frustration “Damn it Arion, no, do you really doubt that there is still room in my heart for you? Why the hell do you think I’m here, duty?”
Arion wasn’t sure that duty wasn’t part of it but...”Well okay then, so get me out!”
“It takes a highly evolved human to do it Arion, one with a ton of compassion, I don’t know who that is to be yet.  Tyra offered but couldn't come today because she hasn’t learnt our ways of travel yet and the cave entrance is blocked for the moment. Simon had a prophecy this morning though and seems to think that there are some other beings conspiring to get you out.”
“Like who?”
Simon took control of the mind share. “Trust me Arion.  I’d tell you now if I could but certain things have to happen first. Today’s visit was just to give you hope.  In the meanwhile it’s time you sorted yourself out and readied yourself for re-entry into this world.  Draw on the knowledge and light of the crystals here, they have much they could teach you if you would just link with them and ask.”
Arion wasn’t at all pleased at the delay but Simon was right about one thing, he’d been feeling pity for himself way too long. “Okay Simon, but don’t mistake that for submissiveness on my part. Fair-enough?”
Simon laughed through the mind-link. “We’ll see.”

Excerpt from Book 3: Trust and Destiny
Sarah Brown huddled in the corner of her cell, trying to keep warm.  It had been a week since she’d been caught.  She missed her desert home. The first day had been the worst.  They’d roughed her up quite a bit, accusing her of spying.  She’d fought back, spitting at them and scratching them deeply when she could.  In the end they’d realized she wasn’t going to speak in anything other than Pitjantjatjara.  Without a translator they were getting nowhere and they knew it.  She was fluent in English, even if it was her second language, but she’d wisely kept that little tidbit to herself. Surviving out in the desert she’d learnt it was best to let the prey underestimate you and what was an enemy like these guys except prey. Patience and endurance were the true weapons of any hunter.  So she endured, she ate the pathetic food they fed her and she bided her time.  Eventually they’d get used to her, then they’d make their fatal mistake.
She used her time to observe everything about her enemy and her situation.  Her cell was sparse with little more than a porcelain loo in the corner.  Even that lacked for a seat. There was a mattress she’d hauled into the far corner, where she could watch the door to best advantage, and one measly woolen blanket that scratched her skin like blazes but it was enough to give her some warmth.  The walls were of  the style of red brick she’d seen used on some of the older-style buildings around Alice Springs and Roxby Downs. There were no windows to speak of.  She knew she was underground.  She remembered the exact route they’d taken her when they’d brought her down here.  She practised that route in her mind each day since, going over in detail all the passageways, doors, fixtures and obstacles she could remember. She’d never been in an elevator in her life but she remembered the glow of the button lighting up the letter ‘G’ when they’d entered it and the number ‘23’ when they’d exited on this level.  She wasn’t exactly literate, having wagged most of school to spend time with her grandfather out in the bush but commonsense said that meant she was on level 23, below ground.  How that was even possible she didn’t know.
Her captors had a military feel about them but it was obvious they did not belong to the government.  Their ethics and demeanor did not match the profile she’d come to know from the few Australian soldiers she’d seen in her time.  Then there were their auras.  She couldn’t quite make out what it was  but something snarled in the darkness that overlay each of her captors. It seemed to control them, fine tendrils of darkness reaching into their very being.  They moved as if they were heavy beasts, something much bigger and far more dangerous than their human form.  She filed that observation away, if she had to fight them she’d fight them with that in mind, not as if they were what they appeared to be.
Her greatest enemy right at this moment was loneliness. Strange as it might seem to others the desert was her constant companion.  Its vast skies, the wind and heat, the constant movement of the sands, the creatures big and small.  It all formed the fine fabric in which she lived. To an extent it was her.  Being separated from her normal surroundings left her feeling utterly bereft. She’d found some small comfort, reaching her senses out through the brick into the earth that surrounded the building she was in.  She’d connected with something, she just wasn’t sure what.  It had felt feminine and caring.  It had seemed to wrap around her and hold her, reassuring her. Then it had left.  Somewhere in her soul she felt it had gone to get help, at least that is what she hoped.  Yet she couldn’t rely on that hope alone.  She had to be ready for whatever opportunity came her way. She knew it wouldn’t be long before her next meal was delivered so she stood and stretched. She’d spent the last days here thinking up moves to keep in shape. She knew she had to stay in condition, if only to continue her lifestyle when she got out. She’d gone over in her mind all the moves she’d seen the animals of the desert use to defend themselves, everything from a red kangaroo’s punch, kick and gouge to the stealthy moves of a praying mantis.  When she wasn’t practicing her moves she spent the rest of her time walking circuits of her cell, as if she was still in the desert. It was kind of restful.
As she passed the door to her cell something shimmered in the middle of the room and a man appeared. Stunned, she paused for a moment then attacked.
Michael doubled over in pain from her swift kick to his middle. Nails raked his undefended sides and arms. Only his pack protected his back. “Shit Sarah, lay it off will you. I come in peace. I was sent to rescue you.” The beating stopped. Hell, he’d been expecting a wounded, frightened woman, not a hell cat. Kiana chuckled at the back of his mind.
“The woman who lives in the earth sent you?”
Michael had to think about that for a moment then he twigged. “The goddess of the Earth, Ma we call her.  She told us where to find you.”
“Us?”
“There are others but I’m the only one who could make it through the energy field they have around this facility. The others are of too high a vibrational frequency to pass through it.”
Sarah looked at him puzzled. Surely the man was talking gibberish.
Michael took in the expression on her face. “Ah, yeah, right.  Look, I’ll explain all that later. Hopefully by now Andrew and Anya are upstairs and can disengage the thing.  In the meantime we need to get out of this cell.” He looked around the room, trying for ideas.
Sarah grinned.  The opportunity she’d been waiting days for was here.  “They’ll be here in a moment to feed me. There will be two of them, there always is.  They won’t be expecting you.  I’ll wait over there and direct their attention to me.” She pointed to the wall opposite the door.  “If you wait behind the door and come at them from behind we might have a chance. But don’t underestimate them. I think they’re more than they seem.”
“You’re not wrong about that.” He handed her a couple of knives.  He wasn’t about to give her a handgun or rifle until he knew she could use it. “These any good to you?”
Sarah gave him an almost evil grin. “You bet!”  She wanted to ask the man what he knew of her captors’ other form but at that moment she heard activity outside her door. She went to her position, concealing the knives by wrapping her trusty blanket around her, pretending to cringe as she waited for her captors.
Michael quickly armed himself with the Mark XIX Desert Eagle he’d brought with him and took up his position. He hoped the guards didn’t slam the door open and flatten him.  As for the gun, it had been converted to work with an anti-Din .50AE round.  It had a fearsome recoil and he’d need two hands to control the damn thing but up against the Din there were very few handguns up to the task. 
The Din didn’t slam the door open.  In fact they entered somewhat tentatively.  They’d grown wary of the woman’s vicious nature.  One entered with the tray while the other covered his back. The one with the tray paused for a moment, taking in her cringing form.  “Finally breaking you are we, that’ll make things easier. Be nice and we might even warm your nights, with our bodies that is.” 
Sarah fought not to roll her eyes and instead maintained her frightened rabbit appearance.  If this sleazeball thought he was ever getting that near her he had another thing coming. On her first day in captivity the damned bastard had near beaten her to a pulp while the other guy restrained her from scratching him and now he was trying to get slutty? He put the tray down in front of her and she sprang, near gutting him as the knife she held sliced him through his belly. In a roar of pain he fell as the Din in his aura materialized before her. She vaguely heard a gun going off but had no time to observe her own horror as the thing rose before her, its blazingly angry eyes intent upon her. “Shit!” A shot rang out again and the thing vaporized into nothing. Her eyes bugged as she stared at the place where it had been.  The man she’d sliced was still writhing on the floor and the other was dead on the ground.  She took a deep breath to center herself then followed the man with the gun out into the corridor.  “What the friggin' hell was that thing?”
Michael paused, peering around the corner to see what was up the next corridor. “Explain later, for now just believe me when I say that we have to assume that all the other enemy in this facility are possessed in the same way. Now follow me!”
Sarah groaned when she saw him heading in the wrong direction.  “Not that way, lift’s down the corridor this way.”  She pointed in the other direction.
Michael was surprised she knew the way out. “How you know?”
She pointed at her head. “It’s all in here, I look at things.” As if that answered everything.
Notes
For the curious wondering at where some of the ideas for this novel came from I’ve included the brief notes below.

1525 was the year that the Inquisition decided to eradicate the Alumbrados in Spain. Alumbrado means ‘illumined one’ and they most definitely have nothing to do with the later infamous Austrian illuminati. The alumbrados held little regard for the church or society’s laws believing that the only thing that mattered was union with the all-pervading deity and that was to be found within. The technical term for their disregard for arbitrary social values is antinomian.
Tyra Aguila Goodwin - Tyra is a warrior’s name, Aguila means eagle and Goodwin means god’s protector. It seemed like a good name for a spiritual warrior.
I-Wayan Agung is a typical Balinese name and simply means great oldest son.
The name Alexios is derived from the Ancient Greek for a defender.
The all-am-I mantra used in the book is an English translation of the Sanskrit Sarvam Aham which can be used in the same way.
The way names given for the particular spiritual paths I loosely derived from Ancient Greek root words.  The paths are roughly comparable with the three pillars in the kabbalah tree of life.
John Stevens has translated some of Morihei Ueshiba’s works on the spiritual aspects of Aikido.  “The Art of Peace” is probably the best known and most readily available of these titles. Part of this philosophy is compassion for your enemy, trying to minimise harm to them and recognizing that they are connected to and part of us.
The philosophy that absolutely everything is one is called non-dualism in technical jargon.  It is found at the deepest levels within most of the world’s mystical traditions including, but not limited to, some forms of radical Judaism, gnostic Christianity, Tamil Siddhar yoga, Kashmir Shaivism, within the traditions of some of the world’s native peoples and amongst many modern new age thinkers.
The Malakim, the Din and the evil Sakla I have drawn from ancient semitic and gnostic cosmologies, with a bit of artistic license thrown in. In the original gnostic cosmologies Sakla (Saklas, Yaldabaoth or Samael) was a fallen angel or archon who tried to represent himself as the creator and ruler of the world. He is blamed for creating the materialistic illusion that most humans live in, that they are separate from the each other, the all pervasive universal deity, the earth and everything that lives on it. Din is a Hebrew spelling of djin or jinn and basically means demon. The myth of them seems to have been common across the semitic cultures. The idea of them inhabiting people’s auras I got from Meg Losey’s accounts of what she reports having seen as an energy healer in her book “Touching the light”. The idea of evil reptilians was also drawn from a common conspiracy theory about which there is plenty to be found online. They seem to represent a psychological archetype for evil, tyranny and power-hungry greed and materialism. The Tyrannosaurus is perhaps well named as representative of this archetype. Many cultures have a version; from Nordic gold hording dragons to Hindu snake-head asuras like Rahu. Who really knows, maybe there is some memory or fear embedded deep in our DNA or racial memory - at some level we’re still small furry mammals running from the dinosaur in the dark.
This is my first novel.  Before now I’d only ever written a few very short stories for a local pagan newsletter.  If you liked this story please leave some feedback on one of the book review sites or where you purchased the book.


 
For more about the author and her books visit:
Twitter: arwenjayne

Facebook: Facebook profile

LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/pub/arwen-jayne/67/a15/47a

Blog: http://arwenjayne.blogspot.com.au/ 

email:arwenjayne@gmx.com 

Books by the author:
Available in both paperback and ebook editions

Non fiction
A simple nuts and bolts guide to yogic meditation and relaxation

Left hand adventures series
Heart of Stone
A Lick of Immortality
Trust and Destiny

