Part one
Henry paradox

Chapter 1
The lost friend
(In the house.)
Thomas: James, I am late for work. Put the uniform quickly. Daddy’s got work to do. Don’t forget to eat Breakfast. 
James: Don’t worry dad. Today is holiday. You don’t need to drop me at the school.
Thomas: Don’t try to fool me. Hurry up. 
James:  No, dad this time for real. They just called your phone. 
(Checking the phone, he realized that the school just called and his friend too.)
Thomas: That’s weird. They won’t do that on Monday. You just got lucky. Are you going anywhere        today?
James: Not much. Theme park at afternoon. 
Thomas: Be here before 7 pm. 
James: I’ll try. 
Thomas: don’t try. Be there. I’m too late now. Need to see john. Boss is going to kill me. 
Tom: OK.
(Thomas took out his phone and called Tom.)
Tom: hey, where are you man? We need you here. There is some serious things happening. 
Thomas: No, it’s James. He just…  Wait. What have you said? 
Tom: Be here in ten minutes. 
(He hang up. Thomas hurried to his car and driven to head department .Tom waited outside the building.) 
Tom: Where have you been man? We got a murder at Second Street. 
Thomas: What? Got any leads. 
Tom: No? That’s why I need you. Get in the car. 
(At the crime scene. It was an old dark room. A man was lying on the table with blood around him. A note was lying in the floor. )
Tom: Look at the card. “The first person.”
Thomas: It’s what that says? 
(Looking at the card, his face turned pale. He moved from that place to examine the murder. He directly walked to kitchen checking the second drawer from left. It was empty. He was looking scared on seeing that.)
Tom: Man you are you so afraid? Do you know this guy? You look depressed. 
Thomas: he is my sister’s friend.  She will be very sad after knowing this.
(Tom didn’t believed it at first. He was confused that he was hiding something.)
Tom: Are you hiding something from me? Because you look as pale as pearl man. Is this something personal for you then I wo…?
Thomas: yes it is.
(Tomas hurried back to the car and headed toward headquarters. Thomas became mad driver though he is cop. Thomas was looking at his phone every minute. Tom was too afraid to ask why he’s doing that. They reached the headquarters. Thomas hurried to his workplace.)
Tom: I will report this to our chief. Don’t worry about it.
Thomas: thanks tom. I will be at my workplace. Don’t try to disturb me, even if it’s our world’s end.
Tom: cool man. 
(Tom watched Thomas going to his workplace.)
Jack: hey Jerry what’s up man?
Tom: hey jack. Where is chief.
Jack: he is at the office. 
Tom: cool. Walk with me.
Jack: why is it important?
(Tom grabbed his arm and dragged him with him.)
Jerry: what is it man? (In an angry voice)
Tom: have you seen Thomas?
Jerry: why? He was with you today. What’s the problem?
Tom: Thomas gone mad at the crime scene. I don’t know what happened to him but I need whatever the evidence the case has. I need to know what upset him. Don’t tell this to anyone.
Jerry: hold on man. Let me talk. I have…
Tom: see me in an hour with the evidence. 
(Thomas hurried to chief’s room. He was still thinking about the case. With a confused mind and thinking of telling this to chief he entered the office.)
Chief: oh. Tom. I was waiting for you. Where is the report?
Tom: here it is chief.
Chief: what? No clues, evidences. Where the heck is Thomas? Is he still sleeping in his room?
Tom: no, sir. He is just uh... too uh… depressed sir. 
Chief: come on stop joking and get the original report.
(Chief started laughing and he started writing report.)
Tom: sir, can you keep a secret?
(Chief nodded. Tom asked him to come near.)
Tom: it’s his friend sir.
Chief: who?
Tom: the dead man.
Chief: is he’s at his office?
Tom: yes sir.
Chief: call him to come here.
Tom: sir?
Sam: sir?
Chief: what? Sam how long you’ve been standing there?
Sam: the moment he came in
Chief: go with him tom.
Tom: yes sir. (Said that in satisfied way)
(Tom and Sam walked upstairs to work room.)
Sam: so what are we going to do? 
Tom: you go first and ask him to meet chief. If he do anything I will take care of it.
Sam: what... who… what will he do?
Tom: just do as I say.
(Sam opened the door of workplace. It’s an old workplace for caps to do their homework to reveal the murderer. Sam was searching for Thomas in that room. He saw lot of paper in the table at the Thomas work place.)
Sam: hey there’s no one here. You can come inside.
Tom: really there is no one?
Sam: yes there’s only papers everywhere.
Tom: that’s weird.
Sam: you can see that from these paper… (Sam turned with the paper in his hands. He saw tom aiming at him with a gun.) Ah…What are you doing? 
Tom: sorry I thought you are Thomas.
Sam: do you want to kill Thomas?
Tom: no
Sam: then why are you aiming a gun?
Tom: um…for protection
Sam: what?
Tom: let’s go
(Tom hurried to chief to tell this. But he was shocked to see that Thomas and chief speaking in a calm way.)
Sam: why are you shocked to see this?
Tom: whoa. You are so sneaky then me. Do you want coffee?
Sam: oh. OK.
(They walked to canteen to have a cup of coffee.)
Tom: okay. What do you want?
Sam: just coffee.
Tom: okay. Here you go.
Sam: what are you doing?
Tom: what? I’m drinking
Sam: I mean that you never bought coffee to anyone and you never speak this calm way and you are still confusing me with Thomas.
Tom: alright. You got me. Can you keep a secret?
Sam: yes.
Tom: you don’t know anything about Thomas right.
Sam: uh huh.
Tom: OK. Listen carefully. One year before we had a call that there is a women got shot at west town. I and Thomas was assigned to go there. We were rushing to get there. I hurried to check the women. She was half dead. When I called Thomas he stood still with shocked face. Later then I identified her that she was his wife. We tried to get her to hospital on time but we missed. While returning he said the “I will be upstairs pal. And don’t disturb me.” After two hours there was not even a sound in his room. We thought he was dead. James his best friend hurried inside to see him. He was holding a gun at James. I tried to stop him but he just shot him. The doctor said that he was under lots of pressure which made him do that. After two months of treatment he was partly recovered. While everything was going perfect another friend of him died today. When we returned here he repeated the same sentence he said at that time. That’s why we were afraid that he’s going to do that again.
Sam: then why did you send me in? You want me dead?
Tom: why are you going to die?
Sam: you said he killed his best friend. What are the possibilities that I will be alive?
Tom: he didn’t kill him. He just shot him in his leg. Okay. Otherwise he will be at the jail.
Sam: oh. Okay. So that’s why you were shocked at seeing the…
Tom: yeah. Yeah.
Sam: okay let’s go.
Tom: yes. I need to go to see Jerry. He will have the evidence.
Sam: okay. Best of luck for that.
(He walked to office to see Jerry. He was searching a box full of lot of paper. Tom saw lots of paper at his table.)
Tom: well, well, well. Somebody worked for the case to the core.
Jerry: well I found that everything matches to only one person.
Tom: what do you mean everything?
Jerry: the evidence at the murderer
Tom: we got nothing from there. Where did you get that?
Jerry: (after some silence) you know the murder of Thomas wife? (Tom nodded) well guess what everything matches from two murders. The bullet and location everything. Let me show you something)
(Jerry opened his laptop and showed a footage. A man in green t-shirt was standing in a corner of a street. Suddenly he pulled a gun and shot at the air.)
Jerry: what do you make from that?
Tom: nothing.
Jerry: he shot at the air same time while she died and same directions too. It’s just 100 meters away from the house.
Tom: come on man. How are we going to take this to the chief?
Jerry: well no citizen can shoot at public place.
Tom :( after some moments.)Give me a copy. Wait, I asked about the man’s murder.
Jerry: oh. Yeah. Yeah. This video was trending last night.
(He showed a video in which the same man in the previous video shot in the air)
Tom: Ok but where is his face? I can’t see that in both video.
Jerry: We haven’t but the man who recorded this have seen it.
Tom: Good. Let’s go
(Tom gave the copy of the footage to chief.)
Chief: marvellous. Within this night we are going to catch the murderer. Call the Jake to track this. Let’s be a surprise for Thomas.
(Tom nodded and left the room to tell Thomas)
Tom: hey Thomas. You can go to your house now. Chief gave you an offer.
Thomas: What? He never does that.
Tom: he um… want you to rest. Um… that’s why. Ok.
Thomas: If it is about finding the murderer you can’t find him ok.
Tom: No we can. Just go and have some rest.
(Thomas left the office and headed towards the car. He drove to his house. He went to sleep. He heard his cell phone ringing. He tacked up the phone. The time was 8:50pm.)
Thomas: hello
Tom: hey its tom we found the murderer. Come quick to see him.
Thomas: no tom you can’t get the murderer.
Tom: what are you taking about? We got him. Everything matches.
Thomas: good bye tom.
(At the office.)
Tom: he is not coming chief.
Chief: it’s all right. I made a call.
(After some time Jerry came in a car to headquarters with Thomas.)
Jerry: got him chief.
Chief: put him inside the room.
Tom: what do you mean by put him inside?
Jerry: we tranquilize him. He will wake up in few seconds.
Thomas: why… the…
Jerry: he’s up.
Thomas: her… ewer… where am I?
Tom: you are here pal.
Jerry: we got the murderer man.
Thomas: what? Seriously. I told you already.
Chief: come on. Don’t push yourself too hard, he is just in that room. (Pointing at a room)
(After some time Thomas went into the room.)
Thomas: (over mic.)I am going just for you tom.
(A man was sitting in the chair tied up behind him.)
Thomas: what’s your name?
Stranger: you know that already.
Thomas: what?
Stranger :( smiling)
Thomas: do you know Debby banks or the man who murdered today?
Stranger: who?
Thomas: that’s it (seeing the camera). I told you. He is very hard to find. He won’t even be in this country at this time
(He headed towards the door. When his hand reached for the door…)
Stranger: No he won’t. He’s not like you just like you abandoned Henry.
(Thomas stopped and turned back)
Thomas: who?
Stranger: Henry. Henry paradox. I searched him two years back. But I can’t find him. But I found him here this time-line. I need him so bad. Where is he?
Thomas: who are you taking about?
Stranger: You know him. You are the only reason that why he is like this. If you had a heart or brain you could have saved him from this mess. You know what to do but you didn’t.
(Thomas walked towards the closet.)
Stranger: today I asked your friend. He gave me the same answer. Who are you talking about? (Saying in Thomas voice) you people are not as good as I thought.
Thomas: you came to the wrong place my friend
Stranger: I thought that you won’t give me the answer I expect. But that happened though.
Thomas: I going to kill you son of a…
(Opening the closet he saw James (his son) lying dead inside)
Stranger: So I need to do something.
Thomas: You killed my…
Stranger: Don’t be an idiot. You should watch your son’s phone. And his hand.
(Thomas checked the boy’s hand where there was a scar saying “He is Here”)
Thomas: No, no. How… How can you do this?
(Thomas pulled out his gun and shot him right into his head but he cached the bullet with two fingers.)
Stranger: do you remember my name at least now? Well, you should.
Thomas: Heather.
Heather: we were like family. You are the only person we trusted every time. You need to suffer for that.
 (Thomas was shaking. Heather pulled out a gun and shooter Thomas in his leg. He walked closer to him)
Heather: you don’t need to worry. It’s just a serum. It will paralyse your body slowly. And FYI you are not the last person who knows where Henry paradox is. I know other family member.
Thomas: You should know that he is in safe place.
Heather: Where is he? Huh? With your people? They are garbage. They do anything for money. He should be with my brother.
Thomas: your brother (laughing) your brother abandoned you.
Heather: that’s because of you. You are the one who dragged us to that. But I’m going to change that.
Thomas: By the map? (Smiles)
Heather: really? You still think I work for him? You know what he did do us. I need to pay that back.
Thomas: That’s why you are looking for them. They are not going to help you. You Know that.
Heather: I know that. But He won’t be working for your man. Good bye Thomas
(Heather walked outside the door and everybody lying dead in their places. He walked upstairs to Thomas office and walked towards the table. He picked up a roll of paper and written something on a piece of paper and placed it beside Thomas, then he walked outside the door. He picked up the phone and dallied someone.)
Heather: it’s me. Tell them I got the second piece.
(He called a cab and left that place.)












 Chapter 2
Delivery from future
(It was a dark night. The street looked empty. Not even a single soul is walking at that time. But at that time in a building the light peaked out of the window. It is Lilly orphan child programme. Inside that building two women were having a conversation)
Mary: it’s really late Lilly.
Lilly: no it’s not. Kevin is coming. Just have patience
Mary: I don’t think so Lilly. This is a third time he is doing this.
Lilly: fine. You can go to your house now. Just put that baby in the chair. (Pointing at a chair next to the entrance.)
Mary: yes! (With excitement). Finally a time for me to go early. See you tomorrow Lilly.
Lilly: don’t be late tomorrow.
Mary: okay. Almost forgot. I think it will be good if the baby is covered with rose. 
Lilly: (with a half eyed look) with rose? He is a boy.
Mary: oh (awkward face). Then try something related to a boy. (She left)
Lilly: ok (seeing marry leave).Well I have a good one though.
(She left the place and went inside a room)
Boy: Is she gone?
Girl: yup.
Boy: good.
(In that dark night two strange teenagers came from a bush outside the building. One was a boy and another was a girl. They quickly ran in to the building and went inside office room.)
Boy: the box.
Girl: here (giving a small box taken from her pocket.).
(It was a small rectangular box in the size of pencil case. He took out a gun and rotated the edge to minimum level and zapped the box. The box just got bigger that it can have a small baby inside.)
Girl: quick.
Boy: we still got two minutes. Key.
Girl: here (giving a steel rod in his hand.)
(The key was not ordinary. It was a silver rod, light weighted.it had a ten digit combination. He turned every number into correct position. Spikes came out from random places of the rod. He placed the tip of the rod in the top of the box. The rod was pulled inside the box and the top of the lid opened. Inside the box a little baby was sleeping in it. He gently lifted the baby and went outside the room and placed that baby in the chair and placed a ball beside it. He quickly went inside the same room and closed the box. A rod came outside the box. He grabbed it and ran outside with the girl.)
Boy: we still got 30 seconds.
Girl: what about the tag? You forgot it.
Boy: no I planned it.
Girl: how?
(He taken out a phone like thing in a triangle shape. He saw the ball through the phone thing. Suddenly he can control the ball. He rolled the ball through adopt section.)
Boy: 201?
Girl: yes.
(The ball became a four legged single eyed machine. It walked towards a baby with tag 201 and changed that to 202. It returned to the original place where it was before.)
Boy: done.
Girl: the ball?
Boy: they said they can keep it.
Girl: then let’s go.
Boy: don’t you want to see him?
Girl: then let’s wait.
(A car came out from the dark and parked in front of the building. A man and a woman came out of the car and entered the building.)
Kevin: Lilly?
Nancy: Where is she?
Kevin: I think she left the building
Nancy: with all the doors opened?
Kevin: that’s a good point.
(Nancy looked over the chair and saw the baby.)
Nancy: Kevin. We got him.
Lilly: I think it’s him too.
(Lilly saw Nancy holding the baby. Kevin looked so surprised to see him.)
Nancy: Thank you. Thankyou. Thank you Lilly. You got the baby we dreamed this whole time.
Kevin: Yes Lilly. I don’t know how we are going to repay you.
Lilly: Oh. Ok. Are you ready to adapt then?
Nancy: Yes. What’s his name?
Lilly: should be on the name tag.
Nancy: there is no name tag here.
Lilly: really. (Checking the hand of the baby). It must have fell out here somewhere.
Kevin: I’ll find it. (Started searching from next room)
Nancy: don’t you remember the name.
Lilly: it’s not my job. I didn’t even look at the baby. Mary only knows.
Nancy: where is she?
Lilly: I’ll phone her. Don’t worry. The hospital must’ve given a name.
Nancy: hospital?
Lilly: What he is orphan? Oh no. Not again. Please don’t say you don’t want the baby just because he is orphan.
Nancy: No. don’t be ridicules. I don’t want the name given from the hospital. Is it the manager’s hospital?
Lilly: yes and don’t get angry for the name. We’ll have a new name.
Nancy: just tell that moron to stop naming orphans in silly way.
Lilly: ok.
Kevin: I’ve got nothing.
Nancy: it’s all right. We don’t need…
Kevin: Oh there it is. (Bending under the chair. He picked up a piece of paper). I guess that this is the paper. Oh no (seeing a blood over the side of paper).
Nancy: oh god. Is that his mother’s blood?
Lilly: could be. Maybe she wrote that down before dying.
Nancy: oh (After some silence).What’s it says?
Kevin: Hard to say but… (He looked closely to the paper).Henry
Nancy: Henry?
Lilly: Yes. It’s Henry.
Kevin: how can you see that?
Lilly: No. I didn’t see that. I just remembered it. I know their parents. They came here to adapt a boy but they changed the mind. They decided to have a baby by themselves. They said that they will call the baby Henry. They just died last week.
Nancy: then why didn’t you say last time.
Lilly: I forgot. I don’t know that he was the baby.
Nancy: ok then we can name him henry.
Lilly: Ok let’s start then.
(Lilly gave a bunch of forms to fill. Meanwhile the boy & girl started to talk)
Boy: they started it. Let’s go.
Girl: what about that iron?
Boy: they said leave it.
Girl: ok.
(The boy and the girl started to move in the dark)
Kevin: what’s that?
Nancy: huh? (Looking at the paper)
Kevin: haven’t you heard the noise? (Started yawning)
Nancy: come on you are sleeping.
Kevin: that may be true. Hey here is an iron ball. Is it yours? (Pointing at Lilly)
Lilly: no I haven’t even noticed that.
Kevin: do you want it?
Lilly: no. you can keep it. For the boy as a gift.
Kevin: good.
Lilly: oh another gift. I have been searching his hat for the whole month. Just found it. (Giving a hat to Kevin)
Kevin: thanks Lilly. Appreciate it.
Lilly: This also sync with your family name. HP. Right.
Kevin: that’s right. Nancy this will fit Henry. Are you still writing?
Nancy: Just a sec. Here sign it. (Giving a lot of paper on his hand)
(He signed it and returned that to Lilly)
Lilly: ok you can go to sleep now. See the gift tomorrow. Good night.
Kevin & Lilly: Good night.
(They stepped inside the car and drove away)
Lilly: (taking out the phone and dialled Mary) hello?
Phone: sorry. I’m busy. Call later or voice mail it.
Lilly: you know who is talking. And I know that you are watching TV. Don’t need to pick up. I just want to say that they just agreed to have the baby you brought. They will probably call you any time. They also said that they don’t like the manager naming the babies. But unfortunately his mother did gave a name. Which is… forgot it. (Checking the paper) ah found it. It’s the most random not suitable name though. With their family name it’s weird. Nobody will call that boy with full name.
Mary: what’s the name?
Lilly: are you watching TV?
Mary: the name?
Lilly: it’s TV then.
Mary: yes. Ok. The name?
Lilly: it’s henry paradox.
(Marry ended the phone. Lilly didn’t think to call back because she knows the reason. She locked the building and headed towards the street.)






















Chapter 3
A kind stranger
(Alarm sound)
Henry: Yes. Yes. I get it. Stop.
(Hitting the clock for more than five time)
Henry: Just stop (still ringing).
Henry: Great (seeing 7o clock). I’m going to be late for last day too.
(Henry gets out from his bed. Walked gently over the old downstairs.)
Henry: Mom. I’m up. 
Nancy: well it’s 7:30
Henry: You still can’t tell time?
Nancy: Well it will be when you are ready. Have you prepared a speech?
Henry: Yes. It will be good mom trust me.
Nancy: wash your teeth, finish your bath. Come before 7:15
Henry: Where is dad?
Nancy: He went to the bank.
Henry: What’s the problem Again?
Nancy: Nothing. Just for your necessary stuff.
Henry: When is the train?
Nancy: its 8:30 tonight.
Henry: Ok
Nancy: Go finish everything before he comes.
Henry: Ok.
(He gently walked to his room and selected dress for his last day. Walked inside bathroom and came back wearing his selected dress. He picked up his hat and the phone and called his friend)
Henry: hey mike.
Mike: hey. What’s up?
Henry: you up this early?
Mike: For the last day
Henry: Why are you breathing heavily?
Mike: I’m in front of your house.
Henry: Really. (Cheeking the window)
Mike: Hey (waving hand to henry)
Henry: (waving hand to mike) where to?
Mike: The shop.
Henry: ok.
(Rushing downstairs with the bag.)
Henry: Mike is here mom.
Nancy: Oh. Come on I made your favourite dish.
Henry: it’s last day mom.
Nancy: Ok don’t be late.
Henry: Ok. Bye mom.
(Running outside)
Henry: let’s go.
Mike: Where is your cycle?
Henry: Sold. You know.
Mike: Ok then (he parked the cycle at henry’s house). Let’s go.
Henry: Really?
Mike: What? You need to run with me or I need to walk with cycle. Both are awkward.
Henry: So no shop?
Mike: we can go to Tom’s.
Henry: ok.
Mike: So new school tomorrow. Huh?
Henry: Yeah. Not so good but you know money matters.
Mike: I can help you but going to new school is good. You get new friends.
Henry: My mom said you will get a lot of friends there.
Mike:  Yup. That’s true.
Henry: The weird part is she saying that every time.
Mike: Oh that means your mom is so excited about it.
Henry: Whatever. Well, I can’t listen to music anymore.
Mike: That’s hard.
(With a little bit of chatting they entered a shop)
Mike: Hey tom.
Tom: hey guys. Want the new chocolate that came out yesterday?
Mike: ok give me some of them.
Henry: Yeah give me two of them.
Tom: isn’t this your last day, henry?
Henry: Yeah. I won’t see you for a while.
Tom: Don’t worry. Just call me anytime. I will deliver the package for you.
Henry: No need for that ok.
Tom: here you go. (Giving a bag of chocolate)
Mike: I’ll have both of it. My bay is pretty empty for last day.
Tom: Don’t forget to come another time.
Henry: I’ll try.
Mike: I heard that you are going to buy electronics and stuff.
Tom: That’s true. I will be a computer shop or a mobile shop soon. I have some tech now. Want anything.
Mike: What is it?
Tom: (searches some box) Boom, 19000 power bank. 1000$
Henry: That is high.
Tom: The speciality is it charges from solar power.
Mike: I’ll take one.
Tom: There you go.
Mike My mother need one.
Tom: Okay, first sale for my new store. Soon you will see new store here.
Henry: Good luck with that.
(They left the store and started walking towards school)
Henry: So you didn’t bring anything today.
Mike: Yeah. 
Henry: you won’t do that.
Mike: you know why. Don’t act like you don’t.
Henry: what?
Mike: Come on. Don’t do that again
Henry: is that about that…
Mike: I told you already.
Henry: Ok. But madam said it won’t be happening.
Mike: Does everything happens what she says?
Henry: well one thing. About the transfer of school.
Mike: She didn’t say that.
Henry: yes she did at the result day.
Mike: Every teacher does that.
Henry: Not everyone.
(After some moments they reached the school everyone’s eyes were on henry today. When he entered the class room everyone started saying their own goodbye speech to him when the teacher entered the class became silent)
Lisa: Ok everyone as everybody knows there is no class today let’s start the function. At first anybody willing to give any speech for him.
(At first some of them started their speech. Henry was so happy to hear it from them. Even his teacher gave an emotional speech to the class and talked about her feeling of moving to new school.)
Lisa: ok everyone you did a great job today. Everyone made this day very beautiful. Well there is one more thing to do (she showed a bag of nothing to the class) Ok everyone. You know what to do.
(Everyone took out a paper and the teacher collected those paper in that bag)
Henry: Is that a letter?
Mike: Yup. Everybody wrote one for you
Henry: Did you write it?
Mike: What do you think?
Henry: You did.
Mike: yes.
Henry: Where is it?
Mike: I already gave that to the teacher.
Lisa: Here you go henry. Read it after a long time then only it will be good. There is also a lot of picture in this bag. (She gave it to henry with a great smile)Ok everyone you can go to lunch and start some activities.
(After a great lunch with friends Henry played some game together and talked lot after a long time he left the school with mike)
Mike: so where do you go trail or bus?
Henry: First taxi then bus.
Mike: why taxi, I can drop you there.
Henry: ok then I will say that to my mother.
Mike: I’ll ask my driver for it. (After some silence)Ok. I should go home right now, see you at your home.
Henry: oh. Ok.
(He walked to his home and he was thinking about his new school and new friends. After realising that it is 6p.m he rushed to his home. He saw mike’s car in front of his house)
Mike: hey. You came late.
Henry: No you came fast.
Mike: I came just now.
Henry: ok. Wait here while I ask my mother to go with you.
Mike: Ok.
(Henry went inside the home and saw his mother packing all his things in a bag)
Henry: What are you doing mom?
Nancy: Hey Henry. I’m packing your stuff.
Henry: What happened to every one today? Everybody is doing what they are not supposed to do
Nancy: That is only for today. Be ready for the taxi.
Henry: About that Mike said he will drop me there.
Nancy: NO. (After some silence) you should go with the person we arranged.
Henry: Ok. But…
Nancy: Have this key to our house. Just in case if you ever returned. And just tell him to go, he will drop you.
Henry: Ok.
(Henry came out of his house and looked at the key)
Henry: How on earth am I going to come here in middle? (Henry placed the key below a stone in the garden) 
Mike: Ok. You mom said no, right?
Henry: Yeah. She is in tension. We can go some other time.
Mike: Ok. There is one thing which I should give it to you (giving a box) for your 11th birthday.
Henry: Oh. No. just take it I can’t have this.
Mike: it’s not from me. It’s from my mother.
Henry: Really?
Mike: So when can I see you again?
Henry: I’ll came next year.
Mike: Ok. Don’t open the bag now. Open when you reached the school.
Henry: Ok. (Looking at the road) here comes my taxi
Mike: yup. Ok. See you later.
Henry: ok.
(Mike left the place with his car. Nancy opened the door and gave his bag and waved the taxi to come here)
Nancy: OK honey. Be a good boy at that school. Don’t make enemies at there. Ok
Henry: where is dad? Still at work?
Nancy: Don’t worry. He’ll call you.
Henry: ok mom bye.
(He opened the taxi door and had a last look at his house and mother and waved her goodbye. He placed the bags carefully on the seat and the taxi went away as soon as he got in)
Taxi driver: Ok, where to?
Henry: My mom haven’t told you?
Taxi driver: yes, she did. I’m just messing with you.
Henry: Do you know my mom?
Taxi driver: Yes, I do. Haven’t she told about me?
Henry: Um, no, what is your name?
Taxi driver: Ed.
Henry: No, she didn’t.
Ed: Strange. (In a confusing voice)
Henry: Don’t worry. My mom forgets lots of things.
Ed: Nope, she can’t forget this.
Henry: Ok, but why…
Ed: Did she said who will pick you up?
Henry: (in a suspicious voice) she didn’t said anything about picking up.
Ed: Oh. Is that your hat? (Pointing at his hat)
Henry: Yes, the orphan from which I was adapted gave me to this, as it matches with my name.
Ed: Yeah, Henry Paradox. HP.
Henry: How do you know my name?
Ed: I know your mother.
(Henry took out his phone and texted his mom twice but she didn’t reply, so he tried calling.)
(While ringing)
Ed: Here is your spot.
(Henry hided his phone in his pocket and with his luggage he entered the bus station. As soon as Ed drove away he took out his phone to see any reply from his mother. As he expected he received a response. He said about the driver and she replied that he was the one who funded him for the studies. His mind just exploded as soon as he received it his, mom also texted him to go in UF 17.he asked about the person Ed was taking about but there was no response on the other side. He thought that his mom was busy again.)
(The bus station was full empty. There was not even a single person at that time. There was a shop at the distance, he hurried to the shop to ask about the bus time)
Shopkeeper: What do you want kid?
Henry: Nothing, um, do you know the time of the UF 17 arrival?
Shopkeeper: What? There is no bus like that?
Henry: Well my mom said there was…
Shopkeeper: Hey Kid, there is no but like…
Stranger: Hey man, stop shouting at the child. I will handle this.
Shopkeeper: who are you? I haven’t seen you around here.
Stranger: My grandmother lives here I just came to see her. Is there any problem with that? (After some silence) good. Now where is the…
(Henry hurried away from the shop. As everyone seems like targeting him he moved to a better place and texted his mom, but no luck)
Stranger: Hey, I was fighting for you back there why did you run?
Thomas: Who are you?
Stranger: Don’t you know who I am?
Henry: No.
Stranger: Really. In five minutes.
Henry: For what?
Stranger: your bus.
(The stranger walked away before the reply of Henry. He waited for five more minutes, finally the bus arrived.)
Bus driver: Where to?
Henry: Umm... (Checking the ticket) it is Axiom? (Still seeing the ticket)
Bus driver: Yes, you can sit there.
Henry: Oh, ok.
(He gave the ticket to the driver and he was surprised to see that the bus was fairly empty. There was only three passengers, an old man who was sleeping, a women watching him, a man at back seat, he decided to sit at 3rd row seat. As time passed he took out the blanket from the luggage and started to sleep. At that time…)
Women: Hey.
Henry: what? (The women who looked at him while seeing the seat was in front of him.) What do you want?
Women: Nothing. Um… are you hungry?
Henry: No.
Women: Don’t be afraid I’m not going to do anything. Here, have some cookie.
Henry: Ok.
(Henry started eating the cookie and started talking about where is he going and for what. After a long talk…)
Henry: Ok, I’m thirsty let me drink water.
Women: Hey, wait, wait, and drink this. This water is great for um… drinking.
Henry: It’s fine, I have a water bottle.
Women: Don’t worry, it is fine to drink this.
Henry: Ok.
(He brought the water bottle from her. She started to search her bag. As it was a new water bottle, he opened the bottle with force, which spilled some water in his hand.)
Henry: Ouch (his hand colour changed blue). Hey, this is not water.
(He saw her with a rod in her hand. She was looking angrily towards Henry. She started attacking with the rod. Henry grabbed her hand and started screaming. The man who was sitting in the back grabbed her and broke her hand with one stroke. The old man who was sleeping punched the man in face. Henry grabbed the water bottle and poured over the old man’s face. He started shouting with the pain. The man hit the old man hard on his stomach and his face. The women beside henry grabbed his throat and squeezed it with her hand henry threw the water bottle to the man. He poured the water in her mouth. Her hand loosened she started to smoke gas in her mouth. The bus driver started driving in to the river. The guy grabbed the hand of henry and jumped off the bus. The bus was in the river by the time they were on the bridge.)
Henry: Oh my god. Oh my god. (He saw the guy’s face which looked familiar. It’s the guy who helped him on the bus stand) you?
Stranger: Yes. Didn’t your mom said stay close to me? (With pain in the sound)
Henry: what? (Also in pain) why would my mom… (Phone rings) says… hello, mom, mom, I’m on a bridge in the…
Stranger: Is that Nancy? Give it to me.
Henry: What how do you know my mother’s name? And how do you…
Stranger: She is 37, married Kevin, she hate pizza, her best friend died at 12 she never told that to anyone except you, Kevin and me. Is that sufficient?
(Henry handed the phone to the stranger. His balance started slipping. He saw blood in his hand. He felled to the ground.)
Stranger: Wake up, henry.
(He slowly opened the eyes he saw pillars on his left side. He saw the railway station benches on the other side)
Stranger: It’s been an hour henry.
Henry: (waking up, he saw the same guy) who are you?
Stranger: My name is Jeff.
Henry: How do you know my mother?
Jeff: it’s a long story.
Henry: Can I talk to my mother?
Jeff: The phone is dead.
Henry: what happened at there?
Jeff: they are the dra… no, um… you picked a wrong bus.
Henry: what?
Jeff: You are supposed to pick another bus not this.
Henry: So, why not this bus?
Jeff: The Um… I don’t know how to say it. The persons you saw in the bus are dark creatures.
Henry: You are saying that they are dark creatures?
Jeff: You are just repeating what I just said.
Henry: And you want me to believe that?
Jeff: you don’t believe me?
Henry: Why would I believe you? I don’t even know you?
Jeff: I don’t think that you’ll believe that either.
Henry: what is that?
Jeff: Let me just show you. Look at that wall it will change in a moment. (Showing the wall on his left)
Henry: that one? (Seeing the wall) There is nothing… (When he turned there was no one)…interesting?
(He moved to see the tracks if he is hiding there)
Henry: Hello? What are you doing? I thought you….oh. Are you magician? You just disappear in a       second. Oh, are you from Hogwarts? (Running towards the track) Are you at the edge? I’m pretty sure you are from… (He saw Jeff on the bench he was sitting. He looked like he was in showered with his cloth he was so wet.)…Hogwarts?
Jeff: What? No.
Henry: No I get it. You just disappeared to tell your friends that you got me. That’s why I am at train station right now. It totally make sense right now. Where is the 9 ¾? It must be probably…
Jeff: Henry?
Henry: What?
(Jeff showed a picture of his mother with a boy.)
Henry: That’s my friend. He is… how did get this picture?
Jeff: Your mother gave it to me.
Henry: Now?
Jeff: No, two years back.
Henry: Really? (He can feel the warm of the photo which indicates it just only printed) but how?
Jeff: You still don’t know? I’m…
Henry: A wizard.
Jeff: Time traveller. (At the same time)
Henry: Oh.
Henry: Then what’s up with the wall?
Jeff: Distraction.
Henry: So why are we here?
Jeff: For you.
Henry: Like hog…
Jeff: No. but somewhat like that. 
Henry: So why are you here for me?
Jeff: I came here to send you to a safe place.
Henry: Like what?
Jeff: Like a school.
Henry: Ok. That’s great. There will be lot of members like that?
Jeff: Like what?
Henry: You.
Jeff: Yeah. Pretty much. There is going to be guys like you too.
Henry: Like me?
Jeff: Yeah, ordinary child.
Henry: Oh. So I have no powers?
Jeff: No, there is more than that for you.
Henry: What?
Jeff: Get ready the train is here.
Henry: Wait what is important than that?
Jeff: Read this when you are not doing anything. (Handed over a book.)
Henry: Ok.
(A train came on the tracks. It looked like a normal train. A man was standing in the door.)
Man: Ticket please.
Henry: Oh, no. I gave it to the bus driver.
Jeff: Don’t worry. It’s Henry. Let him in.
Man: Oh. Henry nice to see you. Third room from here.
(Henry carried his luggage inside the train. The train had a lot of room on the left side. He opened the door of the third room. It was big inside. It looked like hall with lot of cupboard and shelf and lot of space for 4 persons. He placed the luggage on the top shelf of the train. He closed his eyes to sleep. Though he has lots of questions in his mind he slept without caring that things) 














Part Two
The duck lake

Chapter 4
Journey in the train
(Outside his room)
(Footsteps)
Boy Voice: Ok, mom. I’ll do my best for it.
Lady voice: Ok. I think this is your room… yes this is yours. Don’t do anything stupid.
Male voice: Just be nice with everyone.
Henry: (hearing some voice) what?
(The one on the other side of the door tried to open the door)
Female voice: someone is inside.
Boy voice: There is someone inside? (With excitement)
(After hearing the conversation henry decided to open the door)
Lady: Oh. Thank you.um… this is my son. He reserved in this room for this trip.
Man: You don’t mind, do you?
Henry: Oh. No. Come in.
(Henry opened the door full open to make him come inside. He entered with two big leather suitcase and put them on the top shelf. The boy waved hand at their parents and saw them waving back outside the train. He looked same age as Henry. He wore a black t shirt and a grey pant) 
Boy: Um... hello. My name is Steve.
Henry: Ah. My name is henry.
Steve: Henry? Henry paradox?
Henry: how do you know my name?
Steve: The whole school know your name.
Henry: How?
Stave: Oh. Sorry, I forgot. You don’t know anything, right?
Henry: Yes.
Steve: Your father is the one who saved our planet for a long time before.
Henry: My father?
Steve: Yes. He was the best man ever. He saved more than 1000 peoples with one sword.
Henry: My dad had a sward? What he was a warrior or something?
Steve: Yes, he was the one who defeated lot of enemies and dragons at the past couple… dad? Who is dad?
Henry: Dad. My father. Sward.
Stave: you call your father dad? I thought it was James.
Henry: No, no. Dad means father.
Steve: Really? They haven’t told me that.
Henry: who?
Steve: My English teacher.
Henry: You don’t know dad means father?
Steve: Come on. I’m studying English for a year. I can’t know every word.
Henry: You study?
Steve: Oh. I forgot that again. We study English for communication. We don’t have English in our planet.
Henry: Where are you from?
Steve: Wait. Which Planet are you from?
Henry: Um… earth?
Steve: I mean which earth?
Henry: Um… I don’t know.
Steve: Where is your ticket?
Henry: I lost it.
Steve: how did you lost it? You can enter without ticket.
Henry: Jeff asked the officer to let me in.
Steve: Oh… Jeff. That means 17. You are in a lucky place.
Henry: why?
Steve: Ever heard of other universe?
Henry: yes.
Steve: Well our school is at 17 and you are from 17.
Henry: Oh. That’s interesting. So we are at 17th universe?
Steve: No, you are. I’m from 21st. your transportation cost is less.
Henry: you are from another universe?
Steve: Yes.
Henry: How is it up there?
Steve: Pretty much same.
Henry: Have your planet discovered hover board?
Steve: I can’t understand.
Henry: Sorry, um… flying board in which you can stand on and travel?
Steve: My grandfather had it. It’s was an old thing, so we threw that in garbage.
Henry: That means you are way ahead of us. You must have quantum computer.
Steve: A what?
Henry: Okay (yawns) I need to ask so many questions but I need to sleep. I will ask you tomorrow.
Steve: want to spend whole night without sleeping?
Henry: How?
Steve: Here you go. (Gives a round chocolate)
Henry: this can wake me up entire night?
Steve: then how am I not sleeping? Huh?
Henry: (Swallows the chocolate) this tastes good.
Steve: This doesn’t do anything with taste but it won’t let you sleep.
Henry: Great. How does it do it?
Steve: Magic.
Henry: Real magic?
Steve: No.
Henry: So, how do you do that?
Steve: Secret.
Henry: I know. It must be a medicine for children. That’s why it’s chocolate.
Steve: I thought you know how we do it. You know that, don’t you?
Henry:  So, it’s not a medicine?
Steve: Okay, it is made out of Peek’s blood.
Henry: What is peek?
Steve: It is a bird in our town. It doesn’t sleep. We make this from the bird’s blood.
Henry: That is so cool.
Steve: That bird is not cool, it can burn your hand.
Henry: No. Cool means good.
Steve: Great. I added that to mind.
Henry: You don’t know what cool means?
Steve: Hey, come on, I am learning English for past year only. There is lot to learn.
Henry: Sorry, I forgot. Do you have any interesting stu… no, things?
Steve: No. But I have a witc…
Man: Hey. How is it going? I provide food in here. Want anything?
Henry: Um… any drinks?
Man: Right. Want the mallow fruit juice? It’s pure.
Henry: Ok.
Man: Five coins.
Steve: Of what?
Man: Aztec.
Henry: I don’t have any.
Steve: Jeff must have given you something.
Henry: He didn’t gave me anything. Sorry, I don’t want…
Steve: In your right pocket.
Henry: Wha…
Steve: Coins.
Henry: (Taking out a handful of gold coins with lot of strange symbols all over them.) Is this… ok. Here you go. Five coins. (Giving five coins to the man he gave an iron bottle to Henry and went to next room)
Steve: Great.
Henry: How do you know? 
Steve: I told you. Jeff gave that to you.
Henry: He didn’t. He haven’t even touched me.
Steve: Do you know who that is?
Henry: Who? Jeff. Time traveller.
Steve: No.no before that.
Henry: I don’t know.
Steve: He was one of the greatest thief few decades back.
Henry: Really?
(Steve searched his beg and gave a poster saying “Wanted Jeff Garrick for disobeying the law. Reward: 20000 coins”.)
Henry: No. He spoke to a guard before. If he is a thief they must have got him arrested.
Steve: It was a while back. And he was sentenced for 100 years, but he was released by Thomas Mathew.
Henry: Who is Thomas?
Steve: Our school principle.
(The train slowed down its speed)
Steve: We arrived.
Henry: To the school?
Steve: Yes. Pick up your bag. 
(Henry carried the bag which contains his birthday gifts and his cloths. His apartment was pretty empty. He walked towards the door, when the train stopped the door opened.)















Chapter 5
The axiom
(There was a huge crowd outside the train. Every one dressed pretty much same to his word. T-shirt, a coat and a black pant was worn by most of the people. But the odd thing is none of then uses cell phone or any other device.)
Steve: Aren’t you surprised to see your world cloths?
Henry: No, why do I need to?
Steve: Well, we won’t dress like this on the school.
Henry: Why?
Steve: Climate.
Henry: Oh, ok. So, now what?
Steve: Let’s go to school.
Henry: Well where is it?
Steve: It is north.
Henry: I thought the train goes to the school.
Steve: It should be, but don’t worry. It can take only five minutes.
Henry: Ok.
(They walked towards the north. Many students found at that path. Henry can clearly see a building. He taught that the building will be old and the top will touch the sky. But it was just a normal building. Every students worn mostly leather or sweater because of the weather)
Henry: What is your dress made of?
Steve: Saturn.
Henry: Is that a… tailor’s name?
Steve: No. it’s an animal name.
Henry: What is that animal?
Steve: A dragon’s.
Henry: A dragon?
Steve: Ok, first don’t repeat what I said. And I know your world knows what we have in our world.
Henry: Yes, but I thought it went extinct. A million years back.
Steve: No, it’s not. We will be dead if there is no dragon.
Henry: What?
Steve: Here (giving a picture). That is the dragon.
Henry: So you killed it and made your dress out of it?
Steve: No, that is terrible. That is my pet.
Henry: Then how did you…
Steve: Um… that removes a skin once a long time.
Henry: Oh. Where is it now?
Steve: In a jungle. It is 10 years old. So we can’t keep it in our home.
Henry: How tall is it?
Steve: Um… it is about 100 times taller than you.
Henry: Don’t you use any scale for it.
Steve: What do you use?
Henry: Meter.
Steve: Um… cool. That means 182 meter.
Henry: Great.
(Henry and Steve reached the school. It looked like school from x-men. The entrance said “Axiom”. The inside school was so big that everyone can have a room I  that school and still some rooms will be left. Henry and Steve roamed around the school to see many interesting stuff)
Henry: This place is really good.
Steve: wait till you see our room it will be good.
Henry: Where is our room then?
Steve: We need to fill a form first.
Henry: Ok where is it?
Steve: it won’t open until 10.
Henry: Well, what is the Time?
Steve: It… is … 10…… now.
(A group of people Appeared suddenly with papers. They gave paper to everyone. Henry received a paper, asking about the details of the students. There was a lot to fill but as it said “don’t fill everything, just fill what you know, we will do the rest of the detail later” Henry wrote his name and submitted the form)
Steve: Finished?
Henry: Yup. You?
Steve: Still no. How much did you fill?
Henry: MY name.
Steve: And?
Henry: That’s it.
Steve: I wish I was born in your world.
(After 15 minutes Steve finally finished his form and submitted to the one who gave to them)
Steve: Where can we go?
Henry: I’m hungry.
Jeff: Me too.
Henry: Hey, where did you go?
Jeff: Just an errand
Steve: Hi, sir. My name Is Steve.
Jeff: Yes. Yes. I know you. Your father Bill is my friend. And don’t call me sir, okay?
Steve: Ok.
Jeff: Ok (Gave a card to Steve) Give this card to that man (pointing a man with white shit) and sit at the table beside him. He will provide food for you.
Steve: Ok.
Henry: OK, see you later.
Jeff: And by the way I filled your form.
Henry: OK. Let’s go.
(They did as Jeff told them to they returned with hand full of plates with lot of different and not familiar food)
Steve: (While eating) Ok. Tell me about your world.
Henry: No, tell me yours.
Steve: Our planet is normal. Like yours. Only some of them have special abilities.
Henry: Like what?
Steve: Like flying.
Henry: What do you use jetpacks?
Steve: A what?
Henry: It’s a technology used to fly around the earth.
Steve: We don’t use technology to fly around.
Henry: You said your grandfather had hover board.
Steve: Yes.
Henry: That is technology to travel.
Steve: No that’s called craver’s wood. That’s not technology.
Henry: What’s craver’s wood?
Steve: That’s a tree from our planet forest used to travel from one place to another.
Henry: You use wood? Not technology? What planer are you from again?
Steve: I told you 21st.
Henry: What planet?
 Steve: Sicily. Why?
Henry: You don’t have a technology, right?
Steve: No.
Henry: Have you seen this? (Showing the phone he has)
Steve: Wow, what is it? It looks great.
Henry: It’s used to speak to others who are so much away from you.
Steve: That’s great.
Henry: What do you use?
Steve: We use letters. That’s the only way.
Henry: You said someone has ability to flying. Who is that?
Steve: My father. His power is the better then me.
Henry: SO your planet has super power. Not technology.
Steve: No.
Henry: Like Jeff.
Steve: Jeff has no super power.
Henry: But he can time-travel.
Steve: That is not a super power. You remember the chocolate I gave you?
Henry: Yes.
Steve: Just like that. He must have ate the chocolate with time-travel ability.
Henry: So you can make a chocolate which gives you power?
Steve: Yes. We can do it from the blood. For example, I you ate a chocolate made from my father’s blood you can actually fly.
Henry: I thought that you are from advanced civilised planet. But you are from planet with super powers.
Steve: So that’s why you asked so many questions?
Henry: Yes.
Steve: If you want to ask someone if they are from planets like you or me just ask, “Brain or power?”
Henry: What does that mean?
Steve: Brain means technology, power means super power.
Henry: So, we’ll have class mates from both the worlds?
Steve: Yup. So what about your wold?
Henry: I told you already.
Steve: Oh, technology. Is technology cool?
Henry: Yes. But not cool as yours.
Steve: But we have restrictions.
Henry: Like what?
Steve: Illegal to have cool things and spells.
Henry: You have spell?
Steve: Yeah. Spells last longer than the chocolate.
Henry: Oh.
Steve: It’s hard to make, but they teach you here.
Henry: DO they teach How to make spells?
Steve: What have I told you in the train?
Henry: Okay. How can you make here?
Steve: You know, blood.
Henry: Like the chocolate.
Steve: Yes. Ok. Let’s go to the room assigning section.
Henry: Ok.
(Henry walked towards the largest room at the school. It was crowded by lots of students. Henry was afraid to talk with anyone else as it is a new place and as Steve is so good with conversation)
(At the hall)
Lady: Welcome, everyone. This is the 150th grand opening of the axiom.(claps) There is not much to speak right now, as everyone know most of the thing about school. And I don’t want to ruin your first day with boring speech. And let’s welcome Thomas Mathew for greeting speech.
(An average man with big hair got up for the speech. There is no stage or anything, so they walked among the students while speaking. As though no speaker and mic in the room his sound was clearer than anyone)
Thomas: Welcome, everyone. Thanks for coming today. I believe that this place is good enough for you to stay. And an important note. This year someone who is very important is going to study here. Please welcome Henry everyone. (Claps)
(Thomas walked toward Henry and gave a handshake to him and posed for a picture)
Thomas: I know that you don’t know anything about anything in here so I don’t want to ask any question but I will ask you at the end of the year. So you can sit here without tension. And there is something more today, anyone remember the time when we played “Hidden places” game.
(The whole crowd cheered when they heard it. Even Steve yelled at the principal with smile in his face)
Henry: What is the game all about?
Steve: I will tell you later.
Henry: Ok.
Thomas: Ok, Ok, calm down. You are going to play the game this year, so prepare yourself. And there is nothing more today. You can get your room number now. Madam Pricilla, are you ready?
(A women with red hair, about 45 years old, took a paper beside her and came in the crowd among us)
Pricilla: Hello, everyone. My name is Pricilla. I’m going to be your teacher and your care taker here. If you have any doubt about this collage you can came to me and you can clarify your doubts. I’m going to assign room for everybody. There will be three people in a room. After choosing your room you can’t change it. You should keep the room clean, otherwise you should face the consequences. That’s all you should know for today. Now all march to the portal. We can discuss everything there.
Henry: WE have a PORTAL?!
Steve: yes. It teleport us to another world which is safer from here.
Henry: What is dangerous in here?
Steve: Today is the special day here where there is no smoke or f… foo…., no it sounds like frog. No that’s not…
Henry: Fog?
Steve: Yes, there will be fog tomorrow.
Henry: The fog contain anything poisonous?
Steve: No. that’s not the problem. When the fog is here you can’t see anyone.
Steve: Want any fun-fact?
Henry: Yes.
Steve: Your dad born here.
(They reached the portal while they were speaking. It was on a small storage room. But no one was there.)
Henry: Is this the one we need to go?
Steve: I don’t think so.
Henry: Where are others?
Steve: I am going to go inside. (With lower tone)
Henry: What? No don’t go, I don’t think this is the portal.
(Steve started walking towards the porta, henry grabbed his shirt and pulled him out of the portal, but still he can’t stop him. Henry yelled for help, while he was so close to the portal, madam Pricilla stopped them and dragged them out of the room.)
Pricilla: What are you doing in there?
Steve: I need to go into the portal.
Henry: No, we don’t.
Pricilla: Who said you to go in non-entry room?
Henry: (with fear) there is nothing saying “non-entry” on the door.
Pricilla: Oh, yeah. Well what about… (Looking at the door) How did you open the door?
Henry: It was open when we are here. We don’t know…
Pricilla: Just go.
Henry: Ok. (Henry dragged Steve out of the place he noticed that Steve was unconscious)
Henry: Steve? Wake up.
Steve: …
Henry: (Shaking Steve’s head) Wake up.
Steve: Waa.
Henry: What?
Steve: Waa…ter.
Henry: Water?
Steve: Waa…leer.
Henry: Ok water. (He opened his bag and poured some water in his head and in his mouth
(After sometime)
Steve: (big inhale) Where are we?
Henry: Here. What happened to you?
Steve: Did I touch the portal?
Henry: No. Madam Pricilla helped you to get out of the room.
Steve: No. No. she will tell the principal.
Henry: So what?
Steve: It is a restricted area.
Henry: Then who leaved the doors open?
Steve: I don’t… know.
Henry: That also confused the madam too.
Steve: Let’s go. Everyone will be waiting for us.
(They walked out of the room and headed towards the portal. Henry has a lot of questions in his mind but, as Steve is not in well shape he decided to ask him later. They reached a room saying “the portal”. As so many of the students were there they went in with confidence. Henry saw madam Pricilla in the room, who was looking at them in a clam way.)
Pricilla: Sorry for the delay. We were busy for a moment. Everyone get in and pick your bags on the other side of the portal which has your name and your room no.
Henry: Where can I put my bag?
Steve: Don’t worry it is a small bag, but they can hold much more than your things and still weight less.
(As everyone went outside Henry and Steve also went outside. It was a new world for henry. There was grass everywhere. There was a big, old, tall, strong building in front of them. It was just like Hogwarts, but in wood. They went inside the building. It said no name in the entry of the school. It was really big in the inside of the school, just like Hogwarts)
Henry: This whole place is made up of trees?
Steve: You haven’t seen the room which we will stay. It will be incredible.
Pricilla: Has everyone have your bags?
Henry: Oh, no.
Steve: Sorry mam, we forgot it we will go and take it right now.
Pricilla: Don’t wander anywhere. I am watching you two.
(Henry and Steve left the place and walked towards the place they came in)
Henry: Where are the bags? We must have seen it while we were going to school.
Steve: It is on the other side of the portal in a room.
Henry: Is that the room you were talking about? (Pointing on a room towards their right)
Steve: Yes. (Walking towards the room)
Henry: Are you all right?
Steve: Why? Yes.
Henry: last time you went on wrong path.
Steve: No, I was going on the right direction. Something must happened or I might had a thought of something.
Henry: What was in that room anyway?
Steve: Your dad defended this world from there with that that portal.
Henry: Really?
Steve: Yes. It’s a death portal, only dragons can survive.
Henry: So, What happened in here?
Steve: This world was a peaceful word before um… 200 years.
Henry: Okay.
Steve: There was a village on the north, it is still here. They found a portal with their power and opened to the world we came from. But one day they opened it to another world. And that’s what happened wrong. Hey, look a tree.
 (Steve walked beside the tree and picked up a sand under the tree)
Henry: What are you doing?
Steve: Watch this.
(Steve closed his eyes and the sand in his hand turned in to horse made in sand)
Steve: How is it?
Henry: You can make a horse from sand? That’s your power?
Steve: You still don’t get it? I only move object.
Henry: So you have powers of Jean grey.
Steve: Yes. What?
Henry: It was a name of a character in a movie who can move things.
Steve: That is cool. Is she cool in that movie?
Henry: No, she died.
Steve: What?
Henry: Yup.
Pricilla: I said clearly… (Both Henry and Steve Looked at madam Pricilla)…that you should come and get the bag.
Henry & Steve: Yes mam.
(Henry and Steve hurried towards the bag and Put their things in their bags and walked to wards the Building before madam Pricilla says another word)
Pricilla: Wait. There is one more bag. Whose bag is that?
Steve: Don’t know mam. It doesn’t belong to us.
Pricilla: Whose name does it has?
Steve: Jerry. Jerry Hopkins.
Pricilla: What? (This reply gave a shock to her face. She turned pale after hearing this) GO to your room.
Henry: Maybe I can get the bags to…
Pricilla: Just GO.
(Henry and Steve moved right away from that place.)
Henry: That was close one.
Steve: I found our third room partner (With excitement)
Henry: Our third room… oh. Who is it?
Steve: Jerry Hopkins.
Henry: How do you know?
Steve: The bag has the same room number we have.
Henry: What’s ours?
Steve: N8b.
Henry: Ok. Do you know who that is?
Steve: No. I can tell that he is not from my world.
Henry: How?
Steve: He has a second name.
(They reached the building and after a long time searching and asking about N8b they reached their room. Their room was at the end of the hallway. They went near the door)
Henry: Why there are leaves all over the tree?
Steve: I told you this will be different.
Henry: What will it do?
Steve: It’s like an eye to the school. And it glows.
Henry: Where is the door key?
Steve: This door doesn’t need a key.
(Steve placed his hand on the door knop. The door knop covered his hand with leaves and flowers)]
Steve: This door is made from Take’s wood. These are the most old and intelligent trees in the known universe.
Henry: How?
Steve: This tree studies the behaviour of the person who stays here, and opens only when he opens.
Henry: So how does that know it is you the one who is going to live here?
Steve: I will tell you later. I am getting tired now, so…
Henry: Oh, sorry. 
(They went in the room with their bag. It was a big room with four rooms, hall, bathroom, storage room, and a fairly medium size room with sign “Only for study purpose”. As the time went on they changed their cloths for sleeping purpose. After some time the tress started glow green light)
Henry: Does it glows throughout the school?
Steve: Yes. We don’t have sun at night. This is the only thing we have here.
Henry: Do you have moon? (Seeing the empty space outside the window)
Steve: Moon. Um… yes. Yes, we have. About a hundred year ago.
Henry: What happened?
Steve: Some big rock smashed it. But we tried to recreate it with our power. But it just appears at some night. We can see after 6 months.
Henry: (Removing his shoes) you told me that you will say something later.
Steve: About the door? (Lying on the bed)
Henry: Before that.
Steve: Um… about the game?
Henry: Yes. Just remember that and tell me tomorrow.
Steve: I made a remainder.
Henry: Where?
Steve: In here. (Pointing the head)
Henry: (Smile) Humour.
Steve: And there. (Pointing the wall)
Henry: What?
(Henry saw “Tell abut the game” in the wooden wall with the leaves)
Henry: You can do that with that power?
Steve: Yes.
Henry: You wrote about “abut” in the wall.
Steve: The whole sentence will be gone in few minutes.
(Seeing the stars on the window beside the wall)
Henry: Stars in here is good.
Steve: No, window beside the wall is good.
Henry: That’s true.
Steve: And they are not stars, they are universe.
Henry: Whatever. (Henry put his pillow opposite side of the window to sleep with watching the stars)
Steve: Goodnight.
Henry: Goodnight. (Staring at the stars with lot of questions in his mind)





























Chapter 6
Jerry Hopkins 
(Alarm sound)
Henry: (Yawns) (seeing Steve) When did you wake up?
Steve: Just now. Want coffee?
Henry: Okay. Oh… wait. Is this coffee similar to our world too?
Steve: I don’t know. It says coffee. That’s it.
Henry: Wait. I will check my bag, I think my mom packed some coffee.
Steve: Okay, and be ready in three hours. The class starts at 10.
Henry: When it will end?
Steve: Today they will show everything around the school. So, no teaching today.
Henry: Okay. (Searching the bag) It is hard to find my bag in this bag.
Steve: Just put everything out.
Henry: Good idea. (Henry poured the stuff out of the bag in his bed. A heap of books and notes and his bag felled in the bed) No, bad idea.
Steve: You should clean it before anyone comes. 
Henry: I haven’t thought that there will be this much book and notes. Even my school gives less than that.
(After arranging his books and notes on the table beside him)
Steve: What is in the bag?
Henry: One I my dress and my birthday box.
Steve: What is this?
Henry: (Seeing a dairy in his hand.) That’s my dad’s diary.
Steve: (Reading the diary) it contains everything that I said about your father. 
Henry: I can read that in free time.
Steve: Okay. Open the birthday box.
Henry: Okay, we have lot of time for school.
(Henry opened the bag and take out one item at a time)
Henry: Well, I haven’t thought I will get Mike’s phone.
Steve: Who is mike?
Henry: My school friend.
Steve: This looks similar to the one you’ve shown.
Henry: Yes. It’s pretty much same.
Steve: What else it can do other than talking with distant people?
Henry: We can listen to music (Smiles).
Steve: Why are you smiling?
Henry: I said to him that “I can’t listen to music anymore”
Steve: So, this can play any music. (With excitement)
Henry: Not any. It can play um… my world music.
Steve: Oh. Play some of your music.
Henry: Okay. Oh, no
Steve: What?
Henry: There is no internet here.
Steve: So?
Henry: That means um… we can’t have access to music file.
Steve: Where can we get internet?
Henry: In my world.
Steve: Oh. Next time when you come here, bring a bag of internet.
Henry: I can bring the internet within my hand.
Steve: Okay. But bring enough amount to me also.
Henry: Okay.
Steve: What is that black box?
Henry: That is the solar power bank.
Steve: A what?
Henry: We can’t use this phone without this box.
Steve: Oh, is there anything else?
Henry: Special books. He bought on the discount sale
Steve: Oh. I love books. Are there any good books?
Henry: Um… there must be. What kind do you want?
Steve: Anything about learning. 
Henry: Um… there is Morse codes. Do you need it?
Steve: Okay, I will start reading after the school.
Henry: Okay that’s for my birthday.
Steve: But there is only 30 minutes left, go and get ready.
Henry: We need to clean it, don’t we?
Steve: Yes, but who is going to come here at this time?
(Door open)
Pricilla: We have an emergency. So… why are your beds not clean?
Henry: We are cleaning it, while…
Pricilla: No time to talk. Bring him in.
(When the women commanded Jeff and another man brought a boy and put him on the bed. His clothes were wet. He looked like an Asian kid, and he was looked like their age)
Pricilla: Don’t disturb him until he is awake. And get ready for the class.
(Pricilla and Jeff and the another man left the room)
Henry: What just happened?
Steve: We have the third roommate.
Henry: Is he Jerry Hopkins? (Wearing watch in his wrist) how do you know?
Steve: what are you wearing?
Henry: A watch.
Steve: What does it do?
Henry: It shows time. And…
Steve: Well it’s wrong.
Henry: How do you know he’s Jerry?
Steve: I guessed it I don’t know.
Henry: Is the time… (He saw 5:30 PM on the watch) …wrong. Maybe… is the time different here?
Steve: I don’t know. But it is 9:30 I think.
Henry: How can you tell that?
Steve: I have a watch in my mind.
Henry: Really?
Steve: No, you can see the sun.
Henry: Okay, time is up. Let go to the class.
(Opening the door, Henry saw a letter)
Steve: Oh… whose letter is this?
Henry: I think it is for us.
Steve: Whose name is on it?
Henry: Oh. There is two letters. One you me and another for Jerry. (Henry place the letter beside the bed of Jerry, and moved to the hall)
Steve: So that is jerry.
Henry: Lucky guess.
Steve: Have you opened your letter?
Henry: Going to. (Henry saw a symbol in the seal on the post) what does this mean?
Steve: It means it is from the king of Neptune.
Henry: King of Neptune?
Steve: Hey, there is a Neptune here too, he is not the king of your Neptune.
Henry: How do you about my universe?
Steve: There is a book for your universe. There is book for me too. There will be every detail about it.
Henry: Okay. So, why he is coming to visiting me?
Steve: Your father helped the king a lot. He always want to help him. But your father’s wish is to take care of you. But unfortunately king and you father died. So his grandson is here for you. He always expected you every year
Henry: Well, I don’t understand a part. Why did I left my father? Where was I when my father said take care of me?
Steve: With him.
Henry: Then why didn’t they took care of me?
Steve: The world became more dangerous that your father afraid that someone may kill you to finish the enemies’ revenge.
Henry: That’s why I was in my world then yours?
Steve: Yes, and we don’t know who sent you there?
Henry: Why?
Steve: He was afraid that they can find you if the enemy knows who sent him.
Henry: Oh. Long story. Do I need to look great for the visit?
Steve: No, you can be yourself. He won’t say anything.
Henry: When was the last time I was in this planet?
Steve: About a Century ago.
Henry: Nobody knows where I am, right?
Steve: Yes.
Henry: So how does Jeff know I’m in 17th?
Steve: Arthur must have told him.
Henry: So, why didn’t he picked me up already?
Steve: Great question. Ask him while you meet him.
Henry: Oh, okay. Let’s go to the class room before madam Pricilla comes.
(On the way of going to their respective class henry noticed lot of changes around the school. He saw lot of other students wearing leather dress. But at yesterday’s meeting everyone worn shirts and pants. He also saw lot of rooms which contained books, bottles with green liquid and many more)
Henry: There are lot of students.
Steve: But there is only 10 in our class.
Henry: Why?
Steve: They thought it will be easy if there is less member in the class.
Henry: Oh.
Steve: I think we reached the room.
Henry: Which one?
Steve: It is the on the right side, second room.
Henry: Why don’t we go in?
Steve: There is no one in that room.
Henry: Good, it can be a restricted place with open doors.
Steve: And madam Pricilla will kill us if we go in there.
(A women with grey haired, age about 25, having a pad with paper came towards us)
Women: What are you doing here?
Steve: Nothing. (Scared face)
Women: Don’t be afraid, I am the one who is in charge at this place. Who are you?
Steve: I am Steve and this is Henry.
Women: Oh. Henry. It is nice to meet you.
Henry: Thank you.
Women: You are just like your father. Are you having any trouble?
Steve: No, we don’t know what to do.
Women: Are you new comers?
Steve & Henry: Yes.
Women: You are in what course?
Henry: What?
Steve: It’s gold.
Henry: What?
Women: Hey, my name is Melissa. I will give the tour to this school. Welcome to Stephon’s school. You can learn and control your ability here.
Henry: Who is Stephon?
Melissa: He is the correspondent of this school. He has every control in this collage. Now follow me.
(Melissa gone inside a room. it was covered with trees and flowers. She went near a bamboo tree and spoked through holes.)
Melissa: Attention, everyone. New course students assemble in front of the control room.
(When Melissa opened the door a crowd was in front of the door)
Melissa: Okay. Let me just… 13, 14, 15. Where are the others?
A boy: They are 3 students at principal’s room.
Melissa: Where is the remaining one?
Henry: (to Steve) maybe that is Jerry.
Steve: Mam, one student is ill in our room.
Melissa: Okay, let’s continue. I welcome everyone to this school. I will show the way to your classroom.
A boy: Hey, my name is Albert. And you are?
Henry: Henry, Henry Paradox.
Albert: Oh my god. It is real. They said you will come this year, I can believe that you actually came.
Henry: Do they say every year?
Albert: Yeah, for past 50 years.
Henry: Okay.
Albert: Hey (seeing another boy) this is henry.
Another boy: Hey, great. My name is Edwin. Nice to meet you. Can I get your pic?
Henry: Cool. No problem.
Edwin: Great. (He picked a piece of paper from his bag. It was like an ordinary paper, he pealed out a piece of thin paper from the paper.)
Girl: Brother, let me join.
Edwin: Come in quick. Say cheese.
(Henry ant understand what is going on right there. When he said cheese he just looked at the paper, which Turned into a photo in few minutes)
Edwin: Thanks. Here is my sister Isabella.
Isabella: Nice to meet you.
Henry: Your sister call you brother?
Edwin: What’s wrong with that?
Henry: Believe me, most of the sisters don’t call their brother “brother”.
Edwin: I know, my parents adapted her two months before. She is just nine, so she knows the value of relations.
Isabella: Come on brother. We should go before madam Melissa leaves.
Edwin: Okay, see you later Henry.
Henry: Bye. (Looking at mike) Man, Edward has a sister. She is only 9 years old.
Steve: Oh. That is great. It is rare to see adapted child. Wait, who did you call “man”?
Henry: You. Oh. It is um… an expression used among friends.
Steve: For what?
Henry: For, um… saying unbelievable and awesome things.
Steve: What is awesome?
Henry: It is another world for “cool”.
Steve: Oh. Cool. I met max. He wrote exam to enter here. He got very neat mark.
Henry: Really, how much?
Steve: 3264 points.
Henry: Out of?
Steve: 1500.
Henry: Man that is high.
Steve: The point is he should not be at this school.
Henry: Why?
Steve: Because he is form the planet which correspondent hate very much.
Henry: Why do they hate?
Steve: Stephon asked the king of Max’s planet to surrender his planet, as he refused, they went on a battle. Of course Stephon is defeated. That’s the history.
Henry: Do you hate Stephon?
Steve: Yes.
Henry: And what about others?
Steve: They too.
Henry: Can you kill Stephon with your power.
Steve: No I can only move object.
Henry: Okay, that is great. How about moving a big stone over his head?
Steve: I get your feelings. But we can’t do anything.
Henry: Not even single thing?
Steve: Only one thing.
Henry: Then we can…
Steve: He need to resign by himself, with his own mind.
Henry: Okay. Sorry, I got over emotional.
Steve: It’s okay. We can do something. (Looking at another boy) hey Max. This is Henry.
Henry: Hey, (shake hands) how are you doing.
Max: Great, so you will be studying with me too, right?
Henry: Yes.
Max: Okay, see you later.
Henry: (Seeing at Edwin and his sister) Hey, come here.
Edwin: What?
Henry: This is Steve, Steve It is Edwin and his sister Isabella.
Edwin: Hey, how is it going?
Steve: Great. You look familiar, do I know you?
Edwin: Can be, do you buy Edward’s stones?
Steve: Oh my god. I have all of your stones. I haven’t thought that I will see you. Henry, this is the son of Edward, who is the owner of Edward stone.
Henry: What is Edward stone?
Steve: It is created from the dragon’s egg shell. It smells great. It also helpful for medicine.
Henry: Well, why didn’t you said me that? That is super awesome.
Isabella: My brother have a stone for you.
Henry: Really?
Edwin: I planned to gift this to you. Well, here you go. (Giving a colourful glass stone with great smell)
Henry: Can I have you name on it, it will be great?
Edwin: let my sister write it.
Isabella: Okay (she brought the stone and took a feather and wrote down the name of it.)
Steve: Did your brother brought that?
Isabella: Yes, it was his mother’s pen. So he said that I should not lose it.
Steve: Okay, go with your brother.
Isabella: Okay.
Steve: That is the best feather of all the other feathers.
Henry: Why?
Steve: You can’t get that feather easily.
Melissa: Okay, this is your room. You should come here at 10 and you can leave at 1pm.
(Melissa showed a big room, with tables and chairs. It was made by different wood than other wood in which the school was builds)
Melissa: You have three semester this year. Every semester you will study about a topic and you should do a practical project about it. Otherwise you will be out of the school, permanently.
Max: Mam, what is the topic for this semester?
Melissa: This semester your topic is forest creatures. That is brain.
Henry: What do you mean by “brain”, mam?
Melissa: Every semester teaches you out of main topic, which is brain, power, and time. Some of you may have power or not, but it is easy for everybody to learn.
A girl: What do they teach in time?
Melissa: Time travel. Okay I’m going to show your class teachers, follow me.
Henry: Do they teach time travel?
Steve: They said they added subject to gold course, which must be this.
Henry: Wait, gold represents the course?
Steve: Yes Gold means brain, power, and time. Silver means brain, power and platinum is power.
Henry: Power is only platinum?
Steve: Well, if I join the course, I can actually open portal to your house from here.
Henry: Great, I get that.
Steve: Hey, see that room? (Pointing a room with board saying “Board of management”) If you got any suggestions to improve the school, you can say there.
Henry: They have that much power?
Steve: They are the one who conducted the exam for new admissions, despite of Stephon’s disapproval.
Henry: Great. We can do something about it.
Melissa: Meet Professor James Mathew. He teaches about power.
(He was at least 50 years old. He was wearing grey shirt and a black pant.)
James: Welcome everyone, to this school. I take power subject for you. I think that my topic is Spells and chocolate?
Melissa: Yes, professor. He is the senior professor I this school. Those who don’t know who this is. He fought for dark war, he was the major support for winning the war.
James: That is not happened, my students performed way above what I expected.
Melissa: Thank you professor. Come on, we need two see two more professor and then your dining room, then you may go anywhere you want.
A boy: Hey, my name is Patrick, yours?
Henry: My name is Henry.
Patrick: Great. Edwin said you have the glass stone. Can I see it?
Henry: OK.
Patrick: And my friends too?
Henry: Sure.
Patrick: This Is Peter, this is Philip.
Peter: Hey, nice to meet you.
Philip: He may already heard that so many times.
Henry: That’s true. Here you go, the stone.
Peter: Whoa, this looks great.
Philip: I wish I had one.
Henry: I could give you but, Edwin will be sad about it. It’s his gift.
Patrick: I understand.
Philip: Where are you from?
Henry: I’m from um… wait a minute. Hey Steve.
Steve: What?
Henry: Which world am I?
Steve: 17.
Henry: 17. I am from 17th.
Philip: Great. See you later.
Patrick: See you.
Peter: Bye.
Henry: Why everyone asking me which world am I from?
Steve: For the past ten years, they held a completion. Who can tell which universe you are, can get 10,000 Aztec from the school. This year will be the result.
Henry: They should have said who made me go there.
Steve: Seems fair.
Melissa: This is your other two professors you need to see. This is Professor Jeff and Professor Barry.
Barry: Hey, I am from time, your new department. How many of them interested in actual time travel here?
(Everyone raised their hands)
Berry: Good, I mean who wouldn’t, but you have to wait till third semester. See you then.
Jeff: I am Jeff, your brain staff.
Melissa: He was a thief for the past decade, but our principal changed his character and turned him into a warrior. He also fought for dark war and killed more than 1000 dark creature with a sword.
Jeff: See you tomorrow.
Melissa: That is your dining room. You can have your lunch and do whatever you want, and don’t forget to come to tomorrow class.
(As Madam Melissa left, everyone gathered to the dining room.)
Henry: Why there is only 10 chairs?
Albert: Because there is only one person.
Henry: What about the girls?
Steve: They are not for our class. They are for other courses.
Henry: So, only us will eat here?
Patrick: Yes, it’s not actually a dining room. It was a storage room, which they turned to a dining room for us.
Henry: So we can’t see other students?
Max: Yes, but we can see in the holidays.
Henry: Oaky. Do we need to get food by ourselves?
Edwin: No, the Waiter will serve.
(A women about 25 years old approached them she worn dirty white cloths.)
Women: I am not a waiter. 
Edwin: I am sorry. I didn’t mean too.
Waiter: Just don’t say another time. What will you have?
Peter: What are you serving today?
Waiter: We are serving meat, ice cream, juice
Steve: Bring everything for everyone.
Waiter: How many here?
Peter: 9.
Waiter: Okay, it will come in 5 minutes.
Henry: Who is the 9th one? I’ve seen 8 so far.
Steve: Have you seen Joe?
Henry: No, I haven’t seen him.
Steve: He is a poor kid.
Henry: Why?
Steve: He lost his father and mother, he was with his grandmother and came here for higher studies.
Henry: Where is he?
Steve: I think he is in the room. No, he is here.
(A boy about age 13 entered. Everyone can notice that he is poor by looking at his dress)
Joe: Hey, everyone. (Sitting beside Edwin)
Edwin: Hey, my name is Edwin.
Joe: I know everyone of your name so, don’t repeat it (smiles).
Peter: Where are you from?
Joe: I’m from Duck Lake
Peter: Really?
Patrick: That place is awesome. We visited once and our father liked it.
Steve: I heard that that place is cool what is at there?
Joe: There is a lake in that town. Beside the lake there is dark forest. The ducks from the dark forest come here to take a bath for a season. The main thing is, the eggs of the duck is considered as a good luck, and it is used for medicine purpose also.
Henry: So everyone go there to get an egg.
Joe: No, it only lays egg once a year.
Steve: So everyone doesn’t get an egg.
Joe: You can get eggs from dark forest.
Max: That is impossible.
Albert: I wish I could go there.
Joe: You can go, in fact everyone have to go there this year.
Steve: Really?
Joe: I have a friend at the management. He said they planned to take students for the duck lake.
Steve: I think that is for study purpose.
Joe: Yup, that is true.
Albert: Whose room are you Joe?
Joe: I don’t stay with you guys. I stay in the house near the school.
Edwin: Oh, you stay with your friend. So it’s me, Albert, Max then.
Joe: At least you got a room-mate.
Steve: Henry, you have an appointment don’t you?
Henry: Oh, no. I almost forgot.
Steve: You haven’t eaten any.
Henry: What can I do?
Steve: Drink the juice you bought from the train.
Henry: Okay, see you all in class next day.
Edwin: We will be here don’t worry.
(Henry hurried towards his room, as soon as he put his hand on the door knop the door opened. He went inside and made the room for king’s arrival. Meanwhile he found a paper in his bed. Henry picked that up to see what it is. It is the letter from Mike. He opened it, it said “Watch this memory card”. Below that message there was a memory card. He inserted the memory card in his phone, there was a video file in it and he played that file.)
Mike: Okay, it is recording. Hey, if you are watching this that means you are not with me, Henry. I don’t want to go around the point and get to the point.  I know that your family is at lack of finance. I don’t know how to help you, I asked my mom to do something. She made a fund raiser for you and it will be credited in your bank account. You know, the account which we made at school. It will have solid amount for you to study in that school. I also bought a cycle for you which I would have left at your house when you have gone. You can take that too. And I should have gave my phone and charger, but I was looking for power bank, I can’t find it anywhere. And I am also going to another school next year. I know that I can’t see you anymore so, I also want to give you a new phone to talk to me. Or we can play games together online. I will leave a bag in the garage where we play. I’ll leave some things for you. If you want to come to my home you can come there anytime I will leave a key to our neighbour. So that’s it see you on… another day. Bye.
(When the video was ended suddenly someone opened the door. He saw a man sitting in his chair. He was at his father’s age. He was wearing a black coat with grey shirt inside. In his coat on the right side there was a crown symbol. At once he understood he was the king. There was a girl beside him about Isabella’s age wearing a big grey overcoat. She also had cap with the same crown symbol on the cap)
(Henry placed his phone in his table.)
King: I think you are Henry Paradox.
Henry: Yes. Yes, um… how can I call you?
King: You can call me Arthur.
Henry: Okay Mister Arthur.
Arthur: Without mister please.
Henry: Okay Arthur. Can I know why you are here?
Arthur: You can.
Henry: (after some silence) Okay, why?
Arthur: You father is the only reason that my grandfather is alive. Your father’s contribution to dark war.
Henry: You know my father too?
Arthur: Everyone in here knows your father. You must be proud of your father. Um… don’t touch that Raven.
Raven: (Looking at the phone) Okay. 
Henry: You know that I was at 17th?
Arthur: Yes, for the past decade.
Henry: How?
Arthur: I don’t think I can say that.
Henry: Okay.
Arthur: Sorry for the disturbance. I mainly came here to give you this. (Giving a small book). I made a promise to your father that I will give this boom to you.
Henry: What is in this book?
Arthur: A friend never do other than what he have been told.
Raven: Dad who is this?
Arthur: Who?
(Seeing jerry on his bed)
Henry: He is my roommate. He is ill.
Raven: What happened to him? (Touching the forehead)
Jerry: (Gasps) (Opening the eyes) zizz…tor?
(And then raven started screaming, Jerry fainted on the ground after hearing her scream.)
Arthur: What did I tell you raven? (He went near a tree and spoke through the hole) We need emergency medical supply here. (Faces Henry) Sorry for the disturbance. (Seeing Raven) Come on, we need to leave now. Bye
Raven: Sorry for that.
(Henry went near the Jerry and poured water I his face, but the medical service came inside with an old man. He put his hand on the chest and gave a liquid to Jerry.)
Doctor: Give Food or juice to him. He will wake up in few minutes.
Henry: Okay.
(Henry took out his mellow juice from his bag. He put jerry on a chair and poured juice in his mouth)
(After some minutes)
Jerry: (Gasps) (After seeing Henry) Where am I?
Henry: In a school.
Jerry: No, no. wait, what did I asked?
Henry: What?
(Jeff enters the room)
Jeff: Is he awake?
Henry: Yes.
Jerry: Who are you?
Jeff: I am the one who bought you here.
Henry: He is telling the truth Jerry.
Jerry: Who is jerry?














Chapter 7
The first day at school
Henry: Can’t I call my mother here? I have talked to her for two days.
Pricilla: No, we can’t do anything here. Is there anything else?
Henry: No mam.
Pricilla: Great. Now get ready for the class. (Leaves the room)
Man: Room service.
Henry: No, we don’t need anything.
Maintenance man: I will just clean your room then.
Henry: Someone else already done that.
Maintenance man: That’s odd, if any other person comes here, tell them that its Mark’s cleaning room.
Henry: Sure. (Mark leaves the room)
Steve: Ready?
Henry: Yes.
Steve: What did she said about speaking to your mom?
Henry: She is not allowing.
Steve: We can do something about it. Don’t worry.
Henry: Okay. Let’s go for breakfast.
(When they are about to open the room Jeff entered the room with Jerry)
Jeff: Hey, Jerry this is henry. He will take care of you for now, okay? And your mother have sent this for you Steve. (Giving a parcel to Steve)
Jerry: Okay. (Jeff leaves). Hey, my name is Jerry.
Steve: We know that. I’m Steve. He is henry.
Henry: Hey, hungry?
Jerry: You have food? (Excited tone)
Henry: No, the school provide us.
Jerry: I am so hungry right now. But, anyone saw my watch?
Henry: No.
Steve: It can be in your bag.
Jerry: Where is that bag?
Steve: Outside the school.
Henry No, it is under your bed. (Jerry hurried under the bed.) Jeff placed it yesterday.
(Jerry picked up his bag and poured all his items on his bag. There was only one book in plastic bag and a watch and the school book.)
Jerry: Great, there is my watch.
Harry: let’s go.
Jerry: (wearing watch in his wrist) can’t live without this.
(Henry, Steve, Jerry opened the door and walked towards the dining room)
Steve: So I heard you lost your memory. 
Jerry: Yes. I can’t remember anything, but I can remember something.
Henry: Like what?
Jerry: I can remember my language, my sister, my old town and this watch. I can’t go beyond that.
Steve: Your clock is not working.
Jerry: (seeing the watch) Maybe it is stuck?
Henry: We can make it work some other day, we first need to eat.
Jerry: I am hungry as hell.
(In the dining room, his class mates have already arrived.)
Henry: Hey, look who is new to our group.
Edwin: What is your name?
Jerry: Jerry. Jerry Hopkins.
Everyone: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry: What are they having today?
Patrick: Ooh. You are starving to death, don’t you? There is bread, meet, ice-cream…
Jerry: They have ICE CREAM?!
Patrick: Yes they do. A bowl of ice cream please.
(The Waiter approached him with a big bowl with vanilla ice cream.)
Waiter: Here you go.
Jerry: Thanks, Lucy.
(Everyone stares at Jerry)
Joe: How do you know her name?
Jerry: (with ice cream in the mouth) it is on her bag over there.
Peter: How do you know that that is her bag?
Jerry: she is the only one who is here.
Phillip: Then who prepares the food?
Jerry: I saw kitchen beside the medical department.
Max: That is amazing. I should also improve my observation skills too.
Albert: I know a place. There is a part-2 class here. In which we can improve our character.
Steve: I saw that too. But that cost 10,000 Aztec.
Joe: That’s a hell lot of money.
Jerry: I wish I can join that too.
Patrick: Okay, everyone. The time is up. It’s our class time.
Henry: I just only came. (Picks a bread from the table). I can go without eating on the morning.
Patrick: Okay. Jerry finish the meal… WHAT? You finished that already?
Jerry: That’s what happens, when you see ice cream after a long time.
Patrick: Okay, let’s go.
(In the class)
Patrick: Okay, in what way are we going to be seated?
Joe: The professor will tell.
Jerry: We should only sit according to him?
Joe: That’s what they said.
Jerry: Shoot that will be horrible.
Steve: Who are you going to shoot?
Peter: Everyone, back up. He is going to do something.
Jerry: Hey, hey. It’s just an expression for saying… awesome or not awesome.
Peter: So you said awesome at there?
Jerry: No, it depends on what tone I say.
Steve: Great.
Henry: Guys, there is someone watching us through the window.
Jerry: What?
Peter: Hey, I am talking to you.
(Henry saw a man with black face through the window. He was seriously watching them and suddenly he left)
Henry: Guys, he is gone.
Peter: What?
Henry: Huh?
Patrick: What just happened?
Henry: What are you asking? (Seeing Peter and Henry) you guys were fighting.
Jerry: Did we?
Peter: I don’t think so.
Henry: Nobody saw that?
Jeff: What is happening here?
(Everybody saw Jeff in professor’s uniform)
Peter: Nothing.
Jeff: Okay, let’s do the first necessities first. Seating.
Jerry: Okay.
Jeff: Sit wherever you want to sit. There is not a problem. And check your book then we are ready to go.
(Everyone was so happy that they can sit wherever they want. Henry was confused about the incident, then he forgot about it)
Jeff: Okay, I am here to teach you about the forest creatures. Do anyone know anything about dark creature.
Joe: I know some.
Jeff: Well, go on.
Joe: I have seen the wolf, hound, Black Panther.
Jeff: That is actually great. Those who don’t know who the Black Panther is, it is a 4 feet tall four legged creature. It is famous for its finger nails. Do anyone know about it?
Max: It contains the Black venom.
Jeff: True. It can kill any creature in 2 to 3 seconds. It is effective that even after the creature’s death the venom will work.
Edwin: But I heard that they are not dangerous.
Jeff: That is true, they won’t attach you unless you made it very angry, or disturbed its sleep. Both are same.
Steve: See what jerry is doing?
Henry: (seeing Jerry reading a book) what are you doing?
Jerry: I am reading the diary which I had before I forgot everything.
Henry: Is this the best time?
Jerry: What? He is doing his word and I am doing my work.
(After some time the class was finished and they went to dining hall for eating)
Henry: He teaches really well.
Steve: I don’t know how he teaches, but he talks other than subjects.
Patrick: What are you reading Jerry?
Henry: He is reading his history.
Jerry: Well, I can remember something from this book.
Albert: Henry, are you from 17th universe?
Henry: Yes, why?
Jerry: Then I am from your parallel universe.
(Henry saw the Dairy which Jerry had. It said “it is hard to live in 17. I think other parallel universe is better for living”)
Jerry: I lived in a terrible world.
Albert: Why?
Henry: It’s saying “it’s hard to live with nuclear bomb and water war. I wish other parallel universe of 17 will be great.”
Joe: At least you are alive.
Jerry: That’s true. (Henry gave back the book) alright. What’s for today?
Patrick: I think a bowl of ice cream will change our mood.
(Lucy gave a big bowl of ice-cream to everyone, everyone started eating and after some time laughter came from the room)











Chapter 8
Holiday
(Alarm sound)
Jerry: WAH. What is it? What is it?
Henry: (Suddenly wakes) don’t worry. It’s just a sound.
Jerry: Change the sound of the tone. That is the warning sound for dropping the bomb.
Henry: Oh. Sorry about that.
Steve: I thought today is holiday (Yawns).
Henry: It is.
Jerry: It’s not the alarm that woke me up.
Steve: You can’t change your music in your mystery box.
Henry: It’s a phone, not a mystery box. And I can’t change it until I have internet.
Steve: Again? How can we internet? Madam Pricilla isn’t allowing anything.
Jerry: Where can we get your internet?
Steve: In his world.
Henry: But we can’t get signal in here. We are so far away.
Jerry: Can’t we ask Jeff?
Henry: We can try.
(Jerry walked to a tree in the room, and spoke through a hole)
Jeff: We need Jeff in room N8b.
Steve: Hope he comes.
Jerry: Get ready, we are going for a trip.
(While Jeff takes his time to come they bathed and changed their cloths)
Henry: What is in the parcel, Steve?
Steve: Newspapers.
Jerry: Can I take a look at it?
Steve: Sure. (Steve gave the newspaper to Jerry)
Jerry: What’s this I can’t understand anything.
Henry: Why? (He saw lot of symbols over the newspaper)
Steve: It’s my world newspaper. What do you expect?
Jerry: You don’t speak English there?
Henry: No, they learn English to speak elsewhere.
Jerry: Are you still studying?
Steve: Yes, how do you know?
Jerry: Cause I saw you reading Morse code with difficulties.
Steve: No, that’s not Morse code that’s my English learning book.
Henry: Oh, you can learn English in internet. It will be easy.
Steve: Really? That’s cool.
Jerry: Why is he taking too long?
Henry: Maybe he got some work.
Jeff: Did somebody called me?
Jerry: Yes, you know what is internet, right?
Jeff: Yes.
Henry: We need that here.
Jeff: That means you should go there.
Steve: Yes.
Jeff: That means you need a pass.
Steve: We need king’s approval.
Jerry: Shoot. (After some silence) Don’t worry, he can do a favour to him, can’t he?
Jeff: We can’t say we need pass because of internet.
Jerry: We can’t. But he can. He can say I need to see my mother.
Jeff: That is good.
Steve: Not bad.
(Jeff called the king through the tree. After few moments, king showed up with his daughter)
Arthur: Who called me here?
Jeff: It’s henry. He need to see his mother.
Arthur: So, you need the pass?
Jeff: Yes.
(Arthur started searching his pockets for the pass. Meanwhile Raven was hiding behind his father after seeing Jerry, as he made her scared at previous events. Jerry started searching his bag after seeing raven. And Steve didn’t even looked at Arthur. He was afraid that he will make him angry)
Arthur: Here you go. You can use this pass card anytime to go to your world and use this credit card to buy anything.
(He gave a golden card used to go to his world)
Arthur: Okay, Jeff show then the way to the train. I have an important meeting to attend to.
Jeff: Okay, Arthur.
(Arthur leaves the room)
Jeff: Okay, follow me to the Station.
(Outside the school)
Jerry: Jeff, can you look at this picture. (Giving a photo)
Jeff: What? This is a picture of yours and… Who is it? Raven?
Steve: Raven?
Henry: That doesn’t make any sense.
Jeff: Where did you find it?
Jerry: It was on my dairy.
Jeff: Well, some people will have same face in parallel universe.
Steve: This is not raven?
Jeff: No, she has a scar on her right arm. There is nothing in this picture.
Steve: Well, that makes sense.
Jerry: The point is she was the only memory I had before I forgot everything.
Steve: Did that triggered any memory?
Jerry: I remember… seeing my sister die in front of me. And drowning in an ocean.
Jeff: Well, I found you on the north river.
Henry: How did you find him?
Jeff: A friend of mine got him instead of fish. So I took him here, and Arthur made him to join here.
Henry: He is so kind hearted.
Jeff: But Stephon wanted him to be thrown out of the school.
Jerry: Ooh. Who is Stephon?
Steve: He is an idiot.
Jeff: That is the truth about him.
Henry: Can’t Arthur do anything about him?
Jeff: No, he must resign by himself. There is no other option. Okay, there is your train. Just give the pass to him. He know where to drop you.
Henry: Okay.
(After boarding the train)
Henry: How much time it will take?
Steve: Approximately 10 minutes
Jerry: Shoot. 
Steve: What?
Jerry: We don’t know what time it is in his earth.
Henry: I forgot that too. Wait. I have time in my phone. It’s 8:30 am right now.
Steve: You can see two time at once?
Henry: Yes. Wait why can’t you see two time at once? You guys have all the powers.
Steve: Yet, we still use sun clock.
Jerry: Hey, you can’t disrespect the sun clock. You don’t even need electricity for that.
Henry: True.
Jerry: Have you read the diary?
Henry: What?
Jerry: The one Arthur gave you.
Henry: Yes. It is a blank diary though. There was nothing in the diary.
Jerry: What about the one Jeff gave you? 
Henry: It’s about my dad only.
Steve: I’ve already said everything about him.
(After some time)
Steve: We are here.
Henry: What?
Jerry: How is he so accurate?
Steve: How can we go there?
Henry: We can call a taxi.
Jerry: We need money for that, don’t we?
Henry: I made a call don’t worry.
Steve: You don’t need to pay for him?
Henry: No, we don’t need to.
(In some seconds a taxi driver came to the place where they stand)
Taxi driver: Hey, henry. Want any Ride?
Henry: Hey, Ed. Can you drive me to coffee shop where my mother is working?
Ed: Sure.
Henry: And my friends too?
Ed: Oh, new friends. I love them.
Henry: This is Steve. This is Jerry.
Ed: Steve? That is a familiar name.
Steve: Ed? Ed frank?
(Gets out of his taxi)
Ed: Holy cow. It is a long time till I see you.
Jerry: Who is he?
Steve: He is a friend of mine. He was the one of the person in my world who doesn’t have powers. So they decided to Move him out of the town to check if he has any power. But he was gone and no one saw him for a year.
Jerry: Nice to meet you, Ed.
Henry: How did you end up here?
Ed: Why don’t I tell you while we are driving to your home?
Henry: Okay.
(Everyone got inside the taxi and Ed started right away to his house)
Ed: I went to the “other lands” where Jeff found me. He offered a job of a taxi driver in here.
Steve: Jeff offered this job?
Ed: Yeah. He also mentioned that he will come to our world to say I’m okay.
Henry: So, you will be gone next year?
Ed: I will come in a week, don’t worry.
(After some time)
Ed: Okay. I will stay here. You go and meet you mom.
Henry: Okay.
Jerry: I will come too.
(Henry and Jerry went inside coffee shop and waited in the line.)
(At his turn)
Henry: A coffee please.
(When his mother prepared the coffee, she filled it in a cup and when she turned she saw henry in the line. She dropped the coffee on the floor and went outside the counter and hugged him and started crying)
Nancy: I thought at least you will call me.
Jerry: There is no cell phone tower in the school.
Lady: Oh. Nancy (Henry’s mother turned towards the voice. It was a lady who works there called her) you can go to home. I’ll cover your work.
Nancy: Thank you, Emma.
(Nancy and henry went outside the shop and got in to the Ed’s taxi. He drove to her house and dropped at his fence gate.)
Nancy: Let’s go inside. (Goes near to the gate) Kevin have the key to the door.
Henry: I have your Key.
Nancy: Oh give it to me.
Henry: It is um… under that rock. (Pointing a rock near the garden)
Nancy: Okay. She went near the rock and picked up the key and opened the door)
(Henry was so happy that he came after a long time)
Nancy: Okay, I will make your breakfast. What do you want?
Jerry: Ice-cream.
Henry: No, no. I’ve eaten that a lot of time.
Nancy: Want any pizza?
Jerry: What is pizza?
Henry: It’s an eatable item. Haven’t you seen that?
Jerry: I don’t know what is even pizza?
Nancy: I’ll make ice-cream for you then. You go and show your things. I’ll make the ice-cream.
Henry: Let’s go to my room.
(In his room)
Henry: Tada.
Jerry: This room is even bigger than my house.
Henry: Oh. Want to see any of my cool things?
Jerry: Okay. What is that? (Pointing over a cube)
Henry: That is a Rubix cube.
Jerry: What kind of thing is that?
Henry: Playable.
Jerry: Cool. Where is the internet?
Henry: It’s there. But how are we going to bring that there?
Jerry: By carrying.
Henry: No, that’s not what I meant. I mean that world doesn’t have what we have here which provide the internet.
Jerry: Oh. Jeff gave me this. (Jerry gave two small iron box.) Jeff said one is the receiver and one is the sender.
Henry: Of signals?
Jerry: That’s what he said.
(Henry checked two boxes, in which one said “R” and another one said “S”. he placed the S box on the top of It. it fitted over the modem like It was glued to it.)
Henry: Did it work?
Jerry: Only one way to find out.
(Henry and jerry hurried downstairs and saw Steve and henry’s mom talking)
Nancy: Your friend is from power planet. Why haven’t you told me that?
Henry: Sorry, I forgot. How is the house?
Steve: Bigger. And made from wood, we use stone though.
Jerry: What is that?
Nancy: You’re ice-cream.
Jerry: Why is it brown?
Nancy: That is chocolate.
Jerry: Ice-cream have chocolate flavour?
Nancy: They do.
(Everyone started eating)
Nancy: So, where are you from?
Jerry: 17.
Nancy: Which?
Jerry: I don’t know.
Nancy: How was that world?
Jerry: We had nuclear war, water war, starved…
Nancy: Hey, that’s enough for now. Let’s stick to the happy memories.
Henry: Where is dad?
Nancy: He is in the planet where your school is.
Henry: Where?
Nancy: You can’t see him. He is at “Order of stones”.
Steve: Your father works there? That’s cool.
Nancy: How do you know that? 
Steve: My father was a senior member of that group.
Henry: What do they do in the group?
Steve: That’s a third year school. We can go there after finishing second year
Nancy: So how did you meet Steve?
Henry: In the train. 
Steve: You haven’t told him anything, why?
Nancy: I don’t think he will believe it.
Henry: Well, that is true. It is hard to believe anything anyone say there.
Jerry: You should have at least told about Jeff.
Nancy: I want to. But I told Ed.
Henry: But that freaked me out. 
Steve: You should plan more before you do next time.
Nancy: So why are you here?
Jerry: Henry want internet there.
Nancy: Really? Even there too.
Henry: I want to talk to you some time. But, how can I? There is no cell tower.
Nancy: Okay, seems fair. Give your plates I will wash it.
Henry: Okay.
Steve: What happened to Jerry?
(Jerry finished the ice-cream and sleeping in the table)
Nancy: Is he all right?
Steve: May be he is overtired?
Nancy: I will put him in bed. You go and buy anything you want. (Giving credit card)
Henry: But I can’t use this card. What about the PIN
Nancy: Don’t worry it’s for you.
Henry: Is this Steve’s?
Nancy: No, we donated it to charity.
Henry: Let me just get my bag from my room.
(Henry hurried towards his room and picked up his bag and went downstairs)
Nancy: So, there are only 10 in your class?
Steve: Yes.
Henry: Okay, shall we go?
Steve: Okay.
Nancy: Go safely.
(Henry and Steve went outside the house and went inside the taxi.)
Ed: Where to?
Henry: Tom’s electronic store.
Ed: Oaky
(After some time)
Ed: There you go.
(When Henry entered the store he saw lot of laptops and mobile phones in front of tom)
Henry: Hey, tom.
Tom: Hey, It’s been a week since I’ve seen you. How are you? How is the school?
Henry: I am fine. This is my school friend Steve.
Tom: Great, Steve. If you want anything you can come here and say his name. You’ll get anything for free.
Henry: That’s cool. But we’ll buy. Don’t worry.
Steve: So, what are you going to buy?
Henry: Um, Phone and the solar power bank.
Steve: Let me think. (Picking a phone and few box) this is the best deal I’ve got. It will be 1000$
Henry: I don’t think I have that much money. (Giving the credit card to him)
Tom: Okay. The pin code.
Henry: 5245.
Tom: Okay.
Henry: Is there enough amount?
Tom: Yup.
Henry: What is the balance? (Checking the phone) Oh my god. I still have hell amount of money
Tom: Want anything else?
Henry: Anything new?
Tom: We have a video camera.
Henry: Okay, include that one too. I don’t have a video camera.
Steve: What does it do?
Henry: We can record what is happening around.
Steve: That is super cool.
Tom: Take your mobile and this bag.
Henry: What is this?
Tom: A gift from me.
Henry: For what?
Tom: Ask your mom. She will tell you.
Henry: Okay. But how am I going carry this?
Steve: I have the bag from our school.
Henry: Oh. That is far enough then we needed.
(They put every things in the bag and left the place.)
Ed: Where to now?
Henry: To mark’s house.
(After some time)
Ed: We are here.
(Henry went outside the taxi and looked through the window of the house. He saw Mike eating food at the dining table. He took a selfie with Mike through the window without Mike noticing. He ran to garage which is open to see if there is any bag. He saw a traveller bag with a paper on it saying “Henry” on it. He placed his pone near the bag and took the bag. He took his pen from his bag and wrote “Thanks Mike – by Henry” on the other side of the paper. And left the place with the bag.)
Henry: Let’s go.
Ed: Where to?
Steve: TO the school. There was an emergency call from the school.
Henry: We need to pick Jerry.
Ed: I’ll drive you to your house, then we can go to your school.
Henry: Okay.
(In the house)
Henry: Hi, mom.
Nancy: Hey, what can I make for lunch?
Henry: Nothing. We are going to school, there was an emergency calling.
Nancy: About what?
Steve: There is a meeting, that’s all he said.
Henry: Who?
Steve: Joe.
Nancy: Who is Joe?
Steve: We will tell that later. We only got 20 minutes.
Nancy: Go wake up Jerry, he will be awake.
Henry: Okay.
(Henry walked upstairs to his room, he saw Jerry sleeping in the bed. He tried to wake him up but he never did)
Henry: There is another way. He searched his old phone and played the alarm sound near his ear)
Jerry: Amah (shouting). What is happening?
Henry: We need to go to school, there was a calling.
Jerry: What the hell? I said you to change the music.
Henry: I don’t have my phone.
(They grabbed all their stuff and Nancy gave some ice cream to Henry)
Nancy: Did you get all you stuff?
Henry: Yeah.
Steve: Who is shouting outside the house?
Nancy: Probably the neighbours.
Henry: But they never fight.
Nancy: There is no time to talk about that. Just go.
Steve: Jerry, what are you doing?
(Jerry was staring at the window without any expression. Henry grabbed his hand and went outside the door, and Ed drove them to the railway station. After two minutes they boarded the train)
Steve: We have 12 minutes to go there. This train will go there in 10 minutes.
Jerry: Great.
Henry: What happened to you?
Jerry: What?
Steve: You suddenly slept at the dining table.
Jerry: I was?
Henry: Then how did you wake up from bed?
Jerry: I don’t know. I felt like whole world is spinning.
Steve: Maybe you should take a medical check.
Henry: No, I asked what you were doing at the window. You were staring at it.
Jerry: Yes, I saw a man with a very dark face. I don’t know who that is, but he saw me and smiled.
Henry: You saw that too?
Jerry: You saw him too?
Henry: Yeah, but not now. At the first day at school.
Steve: Why are you even bothering? It’s just a man. 
Jerry: May be it’s a coincidence.
Henry: Maybe, maybe not?
Steve: We are here.
(They left the train and hurried towards the school. It was dark at that time. They saw Jeff at the entrance of the school.)
Jeff: Great, you came at the right time. King is about to make his speech.
Steve: What happened?
Jeff: I don’t know.
Henry: Let’s find out.
(They walked inside the centre hall of the building. There was a huge crowd in the centre of the crowd Arthur was standing to give the announcement. All three of them found a table to sit together)
Steve: He is going to start… now.
Arthur: Welcome everyone to this meeting. I haven’t thought everyone will come, but thanks for coming. Over the last two week an incident happened. We only came to know about that in the last hour. Our former Information team head Thomas Banks found dead in his work place. (The teachers’ and staffs’ were shocked after they heard about it.) We don’t know who killed him, but we are searching for the killer very seriously. Despite of his bad behaviour in the past, he has served his best level to his department. So everyone please stand up to give a minute of silence to that man.
(They rang a bell in the school, everyone stood up in their places. Some of the staffs went to their room, as they can’t handle more. Another bell rang after a minute)
Arthur: Thank you, everyone. One more thing, before he died he made a will saying “After my death all my money goes equally to all the students in the school” it was found beside him after his death. So we are ready to make the transactions. Everyone will receive a bank account form, fill whatever you know of we will do the rest.
(Some of the teachers distributed the paper to everyone)
Jerry: Do anybody know who is Thomas Banks?
Steve: He was in the information group. He was kicked out as he tried to sell secret formulas.
Henry: Why are we giving one minute prayer for him?
Steve: he saved thee children’s life by getting shot in his face.
Jerry: Shoot. That is real bravery.
(A teacher gives a form to the three of them)
Steve: Thank you.
Henry: Mine is already filled up.
Jerry: Me too.
Jeff: You already have a bank account.
Jerry: What? How can I have that?
Jeff: We created for you.
Jerry: For what?
Jeff: You found a toy which Raven had.
Henry: You never mentioned me that.
Jerry: But I only had a book, when I was here.
Jeff: She had a toy which she had lost in the past. We found you holding a similar toy in your hand.
Steve: They said they will give reasonable amount of money for that.
Jerry: Oh. How much did they give?
Jerry: He gave a diamond.
Henry: Diamond must cost a fortune.
Steve: What is fortune?
Jeff: It means lot of money.
Jerry: Okay, how much.
Jeff: About 750,000 Aztec.
Steve: That is a large amount of money.
Henry: How much do I have?
Jeff: You have lot more than him. If you get money from bank you can’t know the balance.
Henry: Why?
Steve: Because you will take from Arthur’s account.
Jeff: How do you know that?
Steve: I overheard some conversation.
Jeff: Don’t do that again. Though it’s great.
(When the students returned to their forms, they also gave to them and walked towards the dining room. When they reached the kitchen everyone was at the dining room)
Joe: You got my message?
Steve: Yes.
Patrick: Hey, guys. Where have you been?
Jerry: We have gone to Henry’s world.
Albert: For what?
Jerry: For… shoot I forgot. Why did we go?
Henry: For internet.
Max: What is internet?
Jerry: I don’t know what that is, but we got the internet.
Peter: Okay, have you seen the extra courses we got?
Steve: No.
Edwin: We can join them now, but we need lot of money.
Henry: How much?
Edwin: 10,000 Aztec, each.
Jerry: Don’t worry. I got a load of money. I will pay for everyone.
Philip: You do?
Jerry: You don’t worry about that. I’ll pay. What are all the courses are there?
Peter: We have language improvement, meditation, fitness, advanced power course and wild survival & History of others.
Steve: Jerry, you can pick meditation.
Jerry: Why?
Steve: It can improve your memory power. It helped some people to remember what they forgot.
Henry: That’s true.
Albert: There is a chance.
Jerry: Okay, what are others going to take?
Patrick: Me, Peter, Philip are going to take fitness, I thought it will be cool.
Jerry: Great.
Peter: But, I don’t like it.
Henry: Why?
Peter: Because, I don’t like it. I am only joining because of my brother.
Albert: You have a brother? You haven’t mentioned that.
Peter: I thought everyone know that.
Max: Who is he?
Peter: Him. (Pointing Patrick)
Steve: You?
Patrick: Yeah, why?
Max: Let me guess, Philip is your brother too?
Peter: Yes.
Max: I should have known about it. Their names are start with P.
Steve: Okay, I will take power advancement.
Henry: That is good for you.
Jerry: What about you, Albert?
Albert: I’ll take wild survival.
Edwin: Me too. 
Joe: Join me, I was born beside the wild. That course will suit me.
Henry: That seems good, I don’t think anything will suit me.
Steve: Join the “History” You can study about my world.
Henry: that’s good.
Joe: Or join mine. It can be good for the current semester.
Henry: Ok, I’ll take that.
Steve: That is true. It will be useful when we de assignment.
Edwin: What about you max?
Max: I will take power course.
Steve: Do you have power?
Max: Yes, and I will show that when I need to.
Henry: Really, do you have powers?
Max: Yes. You can see that at the end of the two months.
Henry: Alright guys, let’s eat. Because I am starving. And jerry this is for you. My mom gave that to you.
Jerry: Oh my god. You read my mind.
Edwin: Do you have anything for us?
Henry: Sorry, I’ll bring something later.
Patrick: Okay, let’s eat first. We can discuss that tomorrow.
(Everyone returned to their room after the dinner.)
Jerry: I can’t sleep. I already slept at your house.
Henry: Maybe read a book.
Jerry: Do you have any?
Henry: I have flash comics book.
Jerry: COMICS? Why haven’t you told me that already? I love comics.
Henry: Okay, (Searching the drawer) here you go. Flash volume 1.
Jerry: Thank you.
Steve: I can also read the Morse code but can we go to sleep?
Henry: Good night, Sturt.
Steve: Good night, Henry.
(With lot of memories in his head of today, henry went to sleep with peace, while Jerry was reading comics and Steve was already slept) 













Chapter 9
Project “Black’s cave”
(After two months)
Jerry: Yes. Yes. Attack him. Attack him. No, no attack the tower. The arch tower. It’s in front of you what are you doing? You are an idiot goblin.
Steve: I think you should use giant next time.
Jerry: How much time remaining?
Steve: He will come in three.
Jerry: Three minutes?
Steve: Two. One.
Henry: Are you still playing clash of clans?
Jerry: No.
Steve: No, he just closed the app. We are not still playing.
Henry: Come on, I need to talk to my mom.
Jerry: Sorry, here you go.
Henry: My mom gone offline. I haven’t talked to her yesterday too.
Jerry: Just tell her I was playing games.
Henry: I told that million times to her.
Jerry: Well that was actually happening.
Henry: (Smiles) Whatever.
Jerry: How is the English class going?
Steve: Good. I’s easy with the internet.
(Door opens)
Man: Parcel for Steve. (He gave a parcel to Steve and left the room)
Jerry: What is in it?
Henry: Is this the reply from you previous letter?
Steve: I think it is. (Opening the parcel) okay. Newspaper, letter from my mother, PHOTOS. Finally.
Henry: Show it to me. Show it to me.
(Henry saw Steve’s house which is made with stone. He saw his parents which he already saw in the train.)
Jerry: Only two? What about your friends?
Steve: My mom don’t know how to use it. She wasted more than 100 of the papers. But don’t worry. We’ll go in some holiday.
Henry: Okay, but when is that audio section?
Steve: In ten.
Jerry: In ten? Shoot.
(Jerry got up and adjusted his hair and perfected his dress and looked at the door)
Steve: …three, two, and one.
(A lady and two men opened the door and entered the room. the lady was carrying a small box in his hand, one man was carrying a bag of a box, and another one was carrying a box of that small box)
Lady: Okay, just do as we say. In three, two, one. Holding the box near her mouth. Room N8b. Say about yourself one by one,
(All three of them looked at each other. While everyone was thinking who to speak. Jerry started speaking.)
Jerry: My name is Jerry. Jerry Hopkins. I am from 17. I was found in the north ocean by Jeff, Professor Jeff. I don’t know the past of me, but I know that I had a sister and my mother.
Lady: Okay, tell about how you joined the school and hoe the school is going.
Jerry: Jeff joined me in this school. And the school is very good. I have got lot of friends.
Lady: What study have inspired you here?
Jerry: Um… that is a tough question. It can be the tricks for diverting the forest monsters. They had logic and explanation which resulted in new logic. That subject was very good.
Lady: Do you have any power?
Jerry: No.
Lady: Tell me about your friends. Are they good? Or are they hiding something from you?
Jerry: My friends hmm… Yes. I recently found that max has telepathic powers. I was in the library to study about the forest creature. On that day…
	(At the library)
Max: What are you searching for?
Jerry: Dark creatures. You?
Max: I am searching for the secret book here.
Jerry: They have secret book?
Max: Yes. Steve said one of the cleaner said about the secret book. At first I didn’t believe that. But today I heard the professors talking about that.
Jerry: Well, what was the book about?
Max: Blood.
Jerry: Blood? They have secret book about blood?
Max: Yes, I thought the same thing you are thinking too, but you have seen Steve’s chocolate right? It is made up of the Peek’s blood.
Jerry: Oh, I get that. You can do that on people like mark too.
Max: Yes, but Steve said it is hard to do that with the blood with him and the result will be terrible. So they hid the book from here.
Jerry: Okay, I will search for that too.
Max: No, no.
Jerry: What?
Max: What?
Jerry: You said something?
Max: No, must be someone below.
Jerry: No, I heard your voice.
Max: I told you, I haven’t said anything. Okay, I need to go.
Jerry: Okay.
(In the room)
Jerry: …and on that day I discovered he has telepathic skills. And I heard some in the class too. But other than that everything is perfect. 
Lady: What is your entertainment in here?
Jerry: Um… comics. They are great here. I can even read it all day and still won’t feel board of it.
Lady: Anything to improve in this school.
Jerry: Can you add more extra courses? I completed the meditation course, and I don’t know what to do anymore.
Lady: We will look for it. How was the meditation course?
Jerry: Good. I recollected some of my past memories which make more sense.
Lady: Where do you meditate?
Jerry: In the study room, where no other enters.
Lady: What power machines is good in here?
Jerry: The “Memory to picture”. It helps to save my memory in the picture.
Lady: Next one.
Steve: Okay, I am Steve. No second name. I’m from 21. My parents live in the Prince Tower.
Lady: What is your intention?
Steve: I want to become an eXplorist like Professor Jeff.
Lady: Do you have any power?
Steve: I move object.
Lady: Did you choose the power course?
Steve: Yes.
Lady: Is anybody is with you there?
Steve: Yes, Max.
Lady: What do you do for entertainment?
Steve: I use Henry’s things. They are awesome.
Lady: Like what?
Steve: The air talk is good.
Lady: Which does?
Steve: we can take to anyone anywhere with a… thing in your ears.
Lady: What?
(Outside the school, in the evening)
Henry: The evening is beautiful.
Jerry: What are you doing, Steve?
(Henry saw Steve coming towards him with something in his hand)
Steve: What is this thing?
Henry: (Seeing a pair of headphones in his hand) Where did you get that?
Steve: What does it do?
Henry: Give me that. Okay, it says… wireless headphones, can talk to 4 people at a time, last up to 10 hours. Where did you find it?
Steve: From Tom’s bag.
Henry: You can talk to each other even when you are far away.
Steve: Oh, how far?
Henry: I don’t know.
Jerry: Maybe we can put Jeff’s receiver and sender in this.
Henry: That might actually work, I’ll ask jerry. We can try this tomorrow.
(In the room)
Steve: Yup. Definitely working great in classes.
Henry: It’s a wireless headphones. A friend gave that to me in my world.
Lady: Okay. What is best power machine for you here?
Steve: Um… the power tester. It’s great for me to check my power level.
Lady: Next.
Henry: I’m henry, Henry Paradox. I am from 17’18.
Lady: Do you have any powers?
Henry: No.
Lady: What do you do for entertainment?
Henry: Playing games.
Lady: Is that your extra course?
Henry: No, that is wild survival.
Lady: What do you find the interesting thing here?
Henry: The Power chocolate section.
Lady: What is so interesting in that?
(In the free time)
Jerry: Can we go to Power room, Peter said that it so cool.
Henry: What is there?
Steve: They have chocolate like the one I gave you on the train.
Henry: Let’s go then.
(In the Power room)
Steve: Lucky, there is no one here.
Jerry: There is lot of jar here.
(Henry saw a room with lot of shelves which has jar of chocolate)
Henry: They have every chocolate here?
Jerry: Peter said lot of them are experiments.
Henry: Oh, Spider man.
Steve: What?
Henry: You know, Peter, experiment. It’s a story of a comic.
Jerry: Oh, buy that when you come next time.
Henry: Have you finished flash?
Jerry: Still going.
Voice: What are you doing here?
(When that turned around they saw Professor James Mathew.)
Steve: Just seeing your fascinating experience sir.
James: Okay, but not right now. Lot of chocolate is dangerous here come back another time.
(They went out of the room and the professor closed the door)
Steve: That was close.
Jerry: But, look what I got?
(Showing a jar of chocolate labelled “Teleportation-working”)
Henry & Jerry & Steve: COOL!!!
(In the room)
Henry: It saved me lot of times, for not going late to my class.
Lady: Okay, that’s it. We’ll send the result through the tree, and be ready in 1 hour for the trip.
Steve: Okay.
(The lady went out of the room and walled to the next room)
Jerry: Okay, I don’t think we will get a project.
Steve: Why?
Jerry: Others have learned more things than us.
Henry: That is true. We haven’t even attended lot of class.
Steve: That affect result?
Henry: Can be.
Jerry: I heard that, one of the last year student wasn’t performed well in any subject. So they made him study first semester again.
Steve: Well, it is useless to discuss that love.
Henry: Okay, let’s go for the breakfast.
Jerry: Yeah, let ask how our friends did.
(In the dine room)
Peter: Hey, how is the audio section.
Steve: I don’t know. We told everything we could.
Patrick: Here, take this. (Giving a small antenna phone with display and keypad) They said they will release the message in this.
Jerry: What message?
Patrick: About the result.
Steve: They said it will come by the tree.
Peter: Our power machine team created this. The school can send message to anyone in the world any time. It’s a prototype, so they are checking that is this product is good or not. They got this idea from Steve’s phone.
Henry: Great. (Picked the phone)
Jerry: It’s just like your phone Henry. (Picked the phone)
Steve: Like your old model. (Picked the phone)
Edwin: SO, can we start eating now? It can take a week to come here again.
Joe: Don’t worry. They will send you to duck lake only. The food will be good there, trust me.
Max: Everyone go to duck lake only?
Joe: That’s what my friend in management said.
(Lucy brought food for everyone. Everyone started eating and everyone got a text alert in their antenna phone.)
Jerry: Shoot. These are our results.
Philip: I got “Analysis of Ducks in the lake”
Peter: Me too.
Patrick: Me too, I think they assigned according to the class room.
Steve: What is yours henry?
Henry: “Black’s cave”
Jerry: Patrick is right. They assigned respective to our classes.
Steve: What does “Black’s cave” mean?
Jerry: Black Panther’s cave?
Steve: Can be.
Henry: What is yours Edwin?
Edwin: “12th area”
Max: We got the worst topic.
Albert: I should not have said that “I wonder what is in the dark side of the forest”. Now they gave us the most dangerous place in the forest.
Jerry: What is yours Joe?
Joe: It says “Pick any group you want to join”.
Peter: How did you get that?
Albert: Maybe he got outstanding performance.
Jerry: Or he got a friend in the management.
Joe: What can I choose?
Steve: Our project is safe, as the Black Panther’s cave won’t be dangerous.
Henry: Yes, Jeff said that do us. It won’t attack unless we attack. You can choose others.
Joe: I’ll go with “12th area”. Patrick and his team can handle their project.
Peter: That is true, we just need to watch the ducks and write about them.
Albert: Okay, it will be good to have you in the team.
Edwin: Okay, everyone. We got only 30 minutes for the trip. 
(Everyone finished their breakfast and packed for lunch. They went to their room to collect their necessary things)
Steve: We can use your air talk. It will be good to communicate.
Jerry: And bring your phone too. I may need to use it.
Henry: For the game?
Jerry: Yup… don’t leave your phone here.
Henry: We don’t need Steve’s laptop or camera.
Jerry: Oh, I need to bring the flash.
Henry: There is lot of things from Mike’s bag, do you want?
Steve: Oh, bring your books too. I have completed the Morse code.
Henry: Okay let’s go to Duck Lake.
(They went near the entrance of the school, they saw a huge crowd in front of them.)
Steve: How are we going to go?
Jerry: I don’t think we will go in the first trip.
(While they were talking Jeff came towards them)
Jeff: What are you doing here?
Henry: We are going to the Duck Lake.
Jeff: Oh, I almost forgot that this is your project day.
Steve: Can the train hold this much of crowd?
Jeff: No, why?
Jerry: Then, how are we going to go?
Jeff: In the carriage. Every team got separate one of them.
Henry: How can we find our carriage?
Jeff: It has your project code.
Henry: Oh, okay. Let’s search for it then.
(After some time the crowd was half way cleared. They went outside to search for their carriage. After some time they found their carriage and they drove to the Duck Lake)
Carriage driver: So, you are going to Project for Duck Lake, eh?
Steve: Yes.
Carriage driver: What is your project?
Henry: We need to write about Black Panther’s cave.
Carriage driver: That’s easy. They always give small project for the beginners.
Jerry: But, our friend got “Area 12” project.
Carriage driver: Don’t worry, they will send Jeff to that place to secure it.
Henry: You know Jeff?
Carriage driver: He knows me as well. When you return tell him Chuck dropped you here.
Jerry: You drive for him often?
Chuck: Yes, they need lot of wood for their school.
Henry: They use wood for everything. The door is wood. The communication tube is hollow wood. So pretty much everything is wood.
Chuck: I heard that you have completion going on.
Steve: Yeah. But we don’t know how to win.
Jerry: What competition?
Steve: It’s “Hidden Places?” game. It was played 150 years back. The rules are, we need to find a place, which is hidden. If we found it we can have whatever we want.
Henry: How can we find when we don’t know anything about the place?
Steve: It will be mostly in the cave. But it’s hard to find it.
Henry: What was the place in the last game?
Steve: Black Panther’s cave.
Henry: Who found it?
Steve: It’s James Mathew. Jeff’s father.
Jerry: Now I understand why Jeff become eXplorist.
Henry: What did he asked at that time?
Steve: He wanted the school from stone to wood.
Henry: That is good. That changed the shape of the school very much.
Chuck: But finding that wood is harder than you think.
Steve: He’s right. We can only find that wood at the deep forest.
Chuck: Okay, we are here. Let me guide you to your hotel.
(They came outside the carriage with their bags. Chuck was guiding them to the nearest hotel.)
Jerry: Is that the hotel we are going to stay? (Pointing at a large building)
Chuck: Yes. That’s the best hotel in the Duck Lake area. And your forest is behind the hotel.
Steve: Do you know where the Black Panther’s cave is?
Chuck: Well, it is hard to say direction for this. Here take this (Gives a role of paper) this is the map of the forest.
(He went inside the building Jerry pointed a minute earlier.)
Chuck: Room needed here.
Man: Hey, Chuck.
Chuck: Hey, Edmund.
Edmund: Project?
Chuck: Yup.
Edmund: Topic?
Henry: Black Panther’s cave.
Edmund: Interesting. Take this. Room 17. Forest near the window.
Jerry: Hey, Chuck. Can you drop us there or we should go by ourselves?
Chuck: They only care about the result. They don’t care what you do here.
Steve: So you will drop us?
Chuck: No, I have other business to attend to.
Henry: So, if we did project without going outside with our book knowledge, how will they find it?
Chuck: They have their people everywhere. He can even watching you right now.
Edmund: You have room 18, Chuck.
Chuck: Let’s go.
(They went upstairs. Henry’s room was at the end of the path. Chuck was on the opposite side of the Henry’s room. They both went inside and started getting ready for the project.)
Henry: Okay, let’s plan for the project. (Taking a large sheet of paper and pasted it to the wall)
Steve: First thing is first. We got 24 hours to finish the project. The topic is Black Panther’s cave, which means we need to write where it is located, how was the cave. And a little bit about the Black Panther.
Jerry: Why didn’t you say these things before?
Steve: It’s in the message which the school sent us.
(Door knock)
Steve: Who is it?
Man’s voice: parcel.
(Steve opened the door and received a parcel.)
Jerry: Who sent this?
Steve: The school. (Reading a paper on the top of the parcel) “To finish your project use this.”
(Steve opened the box and there was a bunch of paper in the box)
Jerry: “What is the Black Panther’s eye colour?”
Henry: “Are there any Baby Panthers?”
Steve: These are Paperwork for us.
Henry: So we need to finish this paper and submit it for assignment.
Steve: How can we finish this? Are we need to carry this to the cave and finish this?
Henry: No, I have a better idea.
(Henry took out his phone and took photo of every paper.)
Henry: Now we can easily finish this.
Steve: Okay, now. About the location of the cave.
Henry: Okay, (Placing the map on the floor) where can be the Black’s cave?
Steve: Jeff said its cave must be located where there is trees. Lot of trees.
Jerry: Okay, but everything will be tree in a forest.
Steve: Not regular trees, the taller ones.
Jerry:  So we need to go there? (Pointing the left side of the forest)
Steve: Yes.
Henry: Whose house is that? (Pointing on a house middle of a forest)
Jerry: May be Joe’s.
Steve: Maybe not. I’ll ask someone outside. If we can stay there we can go to the cave faster.
Henry: Great idea.
Jerry: Okay. (Steve leaves the room) okay, let’s get to the important things. Black Panther will be awake at night only. So we go to the night.
Henry: But what if it is asleep and we wake it up? It will be disaster.
Jerry: We will go at middle of the night.
Henry: But, we need to find the cave first.
Jerry: That can be done before evening, if we started now.
(Door opens)
Steve: Don’t need to worry about that. I found where the cave is.
Henry: How?
Steve: I found this map in the hallway. (Giving the map)
(In the map there was a point marked saying “Black’s cave”)
Henry: Who might have had this?
Jerry: There is lot of possibilities. This is a dangerous place to live so, everyone need a map with everything to mark.
Steve: And the person who lives there is Lucy. Edmund told me that.
Henry: Lucy? What is she doing here?
Jerry: Oh, I think it’s about her father. She told me one night that her father is ill and she need to visit him.
Steve: Shall we go there?
Henry: Okay, but we should not tell the map to anyone. Because anybody can be the person from our school.
Jerry: Okay, let’s move.
(They walked outside the hotel with their necessary things and headed towards Lucy’s house)
Jerry: Okay it can half an hour to reach there. We will start at midnight to go there.
Henry: Wait, how are we going to go there? It’s in the middle of the forest.
Jerry: If it is dangerous who will build in there?
Steve: Jerry is right, they have a safe path to go there.
Jerry: Shoot, I almost forgot.
Steve: What?
Jerry: The meditation.
Henry: Oh, we’ll find a quiet place for you.
Jerry: Ok.
Steve: Still seeing the bag?
Jerry: No, I see a girl and… a bag… a face.
Henry: The meditation works well I guess.
Jerry: I don’t know if it is a memory or a made up thing.
Steve: Why?
Jerry: I haven’t even written that to my diary.
Henry: It can be a movie scene. 
Steve: A what?
Henry: It can be a video or something, like you see for English.
Jerry: Um… guys? There is someone calling us.
(They saw an old man in the starting of the forest. He waved his hand to them. They walked closer to him)
Old man: Hey, I’m Chris. Christopher. Lucy’s father.
Jerry: Oh, Lucy told about you. How is your health?
Chris: Great. And thanks for your donation.
Jerry: Don’t worry to ask. I got plenty of them.
Chris: You must be Henry.
Henry: Yes, yes I am. But how do you know?
Chris: She has a paper with your faces on it.
Steve: Do you mean photo?
Chris: Yes, a photo. Forget the word sometimes. Where are you going?
Steve: We are going to Black’s...
Jerry: Find Black Panther’s cave.
Chris: Oh, you can come and stay at our house and start from there.
Henry: Okay, it will be great.
Jerry: Thanks. (Speaking in low voice to Steve) Remember the thing we told there.
Steve: Come on, I forgot what I said before this.
Jerry: Okay, try harder. Then how do you remember everything else like studies.
Steve: Interest.
(They walked to the home middle on the forest by walking.)
Chris: Hey Lucy, look whom I brought.
Lucy: Hey, what are you doing here?
Chris: They got assignments.
Lucy: Marshall, you got friends here.
(A little boy about 8 years old came out)
Marshall: Are you from the school?
Steve: Yes, Marshall.
Marshall: Great.
Lucy: What is the topic?
Steve: Black’s cave.
Lucy: That is easy. Want anything for dinner?
Steve: Yes, can you prepare some?
Lucy: Okay, just wait sometime. Go play with Marshall.
Jerry: I’ll go meditate.
Steve: I’ll play with Marshall.
Henry: Great I will sleep. Need to wake up at 12.
(Henry went to sleep and woke up after smelling some good food)
Steve: Hey, you woke up at the right time.
Henry: What time is it?
Steve: We have an hour to go.
Henry: Where is Jerry?
Steve: He is playing with Marshall.
 (They went downstairs)
Jerry: You’re awake finally.
Henry: What’s for today?
Jerry: Fruits.
Steve: And juice.
Jerry: Here drink this. It’s great.
Henry: (Taking a sip) it’s lemon juice.
Jerry: We’ll it is great.
Marshall: Hey.
Henry: What are you doing? It’s midnight.
Marshall: I know. Where are you going?
Steve: To Black Panther’s cave.
Marshall: Can you get me the cave’s Picture?
Jerry: Sure. Why do you want that?
Marshall: Just for my album.
Steve: He attempted our entrance exam, you know.
Jerry: Really?
Steve: But he wasn’t selected. Politics.
Henry: Stephon.
Jerry: He also want Max to be thrown out of the school.
Steve: Nobody likes him in our school.
Henry: My mother too.
Marshall: I am hoping that I will get seat I the next exam.
Jerry: Don’t worry. We have Jeff. He will do anything for us.
Henry: No, no. he won’t do that.
Marshall: Do what?
Steve: Nothing. Now go back to sleep. We will bring the picture tomorrow.
Marshall: Okay. (Leaves room)
Steve: Will he do it?
Jerry: I’ll ask.
Henry: Okay, it will be great to ask. But our time is up.
(They left the room, everyone got their respective item. Steve leaded the way to black’s cave.)
Steve: Okay guys. Eyes open. We will arrive in a minute.
Henry: I hope that it will be gone.
Jerry: I hope it will be asleep. We can get picture if the Black Panther too.
Henry: I bought a phone for the picture.
Jerry: I bought quick emergency guide for survival.
Henry: Really?
Jerry: What? It can come in handy.
Henry: It says Morse codes.
Jerry: Shoot, I picked the wrong book.
Steve: We found it.
(In front of them they saw a cave)
Jerry: And the Black is not around. Okay, I’ll finish the assignment and you keep eye on the Black.
Steve: Okay. Finish it quick. I’ll be next.
Jerry: Okay. (Went inside the cave)
Henry: This place is secure for now.
Steve: Don’t worry nobody will be here, as there is Black Panther’s cave.
Henry: Sure there won’t be. Oh, almost forgot. Marshall said he need photos.
Steve: Don’t worry I’ll take it.
Henry: Okay, use your phone.
Steve: Like this? (Showing a photo of the cave)
Henry: Yes.
Steve: Okay, I’ll look on the right side. You look on the left side.	
Henry: Okay.
(Henry looked on the left side. Nothing was visible on the midnight. But henry saw a person in the dark. He looked closer on that outline of the person. He went near to see him, but Steve grabbed his hand and hide behind a rock)
Steve: What are you doing? I said your name three times.
Henry: No, no. I saw someone.
Steve: Me too.
Henry: Who? (Roar sound) Oh. Jerry?
Steve: I don’t know what he is doing there.
Henry: What is Black is doing here? It should not be at the home.
Steve: I think it changed the behaviour. We need to… what is that?
Henry: What? 
(Steve pointed a tree behind him. He saw a red dot appearing and disappearing on that tree. He looked behind the rock, he saw the light coming from the cave)
Henry: It’s jerry.
Steve: Why is he doing that?
Henry: I don’t know.
Steve: Give me a pen.
(Henry have a pen to Steve. Steve put the phone on the rock and started writing in the hand)
Henry: What are you doing?
Steve: Morse code.
Henry: Oh, What is he saying?
Steve: I-F-O-U-N-D-M-Y-B-A-G.
Henry: I found my bag?
Steve: He already has a bag, doesn’t he?
Henry: Maybe it’s the one from his dream.
Steve: We need to get him out of the cave.
Henry: we use distraction. Where is it?
Steve: Behind us.
Henry: No, he is not. I saw the cave. There is nobody.
Steve: Well, Then why is Jerry is in the Ca… oh, no.
(Henry Picked his phone and started playing the alarm tone at high volume. The Black came out of its cave. It was a four foot monster with red eye and sharp nails. He threw the phone and Black followed the sound of it. Henry saw Jerry running to the home. Henry left the place at once.)
(At the House)
Henry: Hey. (Heavy Breaths)
Lucy: Henry is back.
Chris: Are you okay? 
Henry: Yes. I’m okay. What about others?
Lucy: Steve got some scratch mark in his hand.
Henry: Okay. That’s not bad. He’s alive.
Lucy: Um… is that the scratch of the Black?
Henry: What, no. No. we haven’t even touched it. It ran the other way.
Chris: I told you. It wasn’t the Black. Otherwise he will be dead in two minutes.
Lucy: What? I was just checking.
Steve: Hey.
Henry: What happened to your hand?
Steve: It’s um… nothing. (Steve showed his hand with blood all over his arm)
Henry: Does it hurt?
Steve: No.
Jerry: Hey, thanks for saving my life.
Steve: That is a good move at there. Otherwise he will be in the cave forever.
Henry: Why?
Steve: He was staring at the Cave for no reason.
Henry: Why?
Jerry: I don’t know. I think I saw someone.
Henry: You too?
Jerry: The point is I already saw him in your house.
Henry: Yeah. I saw that same at our class.
Steve: Why I haven’t seen anyone there.
Jerry: Because you were busy with the dog.
Henry: What?
Jerry: He fought a dog which tried to attack us. I saw him there too. That is very cool.
Steve: But I don’t remember that.
Henry: Well, we did our… Wait. What about the project?
Jerry: I wrote it for everyone.
Henry: Oh thank god.
Jerry: And I found my bag.
Henry: From your dreams?’
Jerry: Yup.
Steve: What is in it?
Jerry: You won’t believe what is in that.
(Jerry poured the things out of the bag in front of them. There was a book locked and a plastic bag with lot of pictures and a black box)
Steve: Is that the Raven in the picture?
Henry: We already saw that.
Jerry: This Raven has a scar on the right arm.
(Henry saw a lot of photos of Jerry and Raven in the picture. He saw scar in the right arm.)
Jerry: And I’ve written “ME and my sister” behind the picture.
Henry: How can anyone explain this?
Steve: Well I called someone.
(Chuck enters the house)
Chuck: What happened?
Steve: We need to go to the school tomorrow. We finished the assignment. And I got wounded.
Chuck: Oh, okay. We can go tomorrow. Everyone need to rest.
Steve: Oaky.
Jerry: I need to think. Here, give this to Marshall, Henry.
Henry: (Receiving the photo) how did you get this?
Jerry: I used Steve’s Magic paper.
(Henry went inside Marshall’s room and places the picture beside him, and went to sleep)

