Ho gene













Ben Adams




Copyright © 2020 Ben Adams
All rights reserved. 
ISBN-10: 1661516319
ISBN-13: 978-1661516314





Chapter 1

Gliding through eternal space, ten million miles away from Earth, Pioneer 10 travelled across the Milky Way at over 51,800 kilometres per hour. Millions of twinkling stars filled the black space, gleaming like pearls against black velvet. Eagle Nebula rose like a sacred mountain, surrounded by a glowing cloud. The sound of the tiny rocks hitting the probe broke the silence. A bright explosion of light appeared upon Orion Nebula, caused by the explosion of a star that has reached the end of its life. A rogue planet roamed aimlessly across the interstellar space, having been booted out from its birthplace a long time ago and sent across the universe. Not bound to any host star, this ranger will continue wandering until it encounters a solar system and collides with one of the inner planets.
Pioneer 10 had been launched in 1972 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, the first mission to study the asteroid belt around Jupiter. The probe traversed the belt in 1973 and crossed the orbit of Neptune in 1983 to become the first 
Human-made object to leave the Solar System.
The probe carried an aluminium plaque featuring a pictogram. A representation of a hydrogen atom, figures of a man and a woman, the position of our sun in the centre of the Galaxy, and the distance between the earth and the sun.
They made this plaque in case Pioneer 10 met an alien race that wanted to communicate with us. That’s what the scientists were hoping for. What they didn’t know was that Pioneer was heading toward a black hole; a region of space-time with immense gravitational effects. Once the probe started to be sucked into the black hole, it was doomed. Nothing could escape from the massive gravity, the pull was so intense that not even light can escape. The probe’s scientific instruments started sparking and the ultraviolet photometer recorded an increase in hydrogen.
The probe was spinning slowly, then faster and faster, until it was at full speed. Lightning jumped from the centre of the black hole and struck the probe. Lightning struck it over and over. Pioneer looked like a plasma ball, creating fascinating beams of coloured light.
During its headlong fall into the black hole, Pioneer stopped suddenly. The massive gravity vanished and the acceleration dropped to zero. The probe started to glow and became
brighter and then an unusual physical phenomena occurred. Pioneer turned into some kind of energy pattern and was sucked into the black hole. It travelled through space and turned back into matter on the other side, opposite a planet about 1,400 light-years from earth. The crew of a spaceship observed the probe and headed towards it. This ship stopped beside Pioneer and seemed to be checking the probe out. One of the crew started a spacewalk toward Pioneer, dragging what looked like two metal disks behind him. He attached one to the surface of the probe, placed the second on the top of the first and returned to his ship. The first disc pulled away from the second. Once it was five meters away, it began to spin. The magnetic forces between the discs forced the second disc to follow, and drag Pioneer with it. The spaceship moved away from the nearby planet and opened communications with a space station located about a million miles away. The spaceship moved further and further away from the planet until the planet vanished out of sight. The spaceship was forbidden to get too close to that planet, and they needed to keep their distance from it. The planet had only one continent, with a population of 135 million. The planet was called Ho Gene.


****************



He was woken by the sound of his mobile phone ringing angrily on the nightstand. He pulled a pillow over his head, but it was impossible to block out the strident noise. He sat up in bed and looked at the clock. It was 1 a.m.
“Are you kidding me?” he said, yawning and shaking his head. “I worked like a dog all day.” He turned over and tried to go back to sleep, but the phone started to ring again.
He sat up, angrily this time and grabbed the phone. “Hello! What’s the emergency? Why are you calling me in the middle of the night?” 
“Thomas,” the caller's voice sounds familiar, but he doesn't recognize the number.
“Yes, it’s me,” Thomas said, wondering who would be calling at this late hour.
“It's me, Frank Herbert.”
Thomas was overcome with astonishment; Frank was the centre director at NASA's Ames Research Center. “Does he even know I exist and work for Ames?” Thomas thought.
“Hello? Are you there?” Frank asked. Thomas began to tremble as he spoke through broken sounds. 
“Mr. Herbert, sorry I was …” As he tried to switch on the bedside lamp, he fell out of the bed.
 “What the hell is going on there?” Frank asked. “Son. Are you, OK?”
Thomas took a deep breath. “I am sorry Mr. Herbert, how can I help you? Sir?”
“Come to the office right now,” Frank ordered.
“Right now, Thomas, don’t be late," Frank disconnected the line.
Thomas looked at the phone and mumbled to himself, “What the heck is going on?” Questions raced through his mind: “Did I mess up? Did I do something that will lose me my job?”
“Right now.” Frank’s last sentence popped into his head and he rushed to the wardrobe, rummaging through his clothes. 
He pulled out his grey suit and black tie and sat on the edge of the bed to put on his shoes. He stood in front of the mirror, stealing a nervous smile and adjusting his tie.
He tried to focus on positive thinking. “Everything will be ok.”
He smiled back at himself, seeing the nervous look in his oval face with its blue eyes, brown hair. He was broad shouldered with a classic Roman nose.
He was a physicist working in Ames and had been with the
company for about four years now. Physics had been his passion since early childhood. Mr. Franklin had been his sixth grade teacher and had often told him that he must study physics when he went to university. His graduation thesis had brought him an offer to work for Ames. 
Thomas left his apartment and took the elevator down to the lobby of the building to find the night watchman was snoring loudly. As he passed him, the old watchman stood up holding his teacup. 
“Who’s there?” he yawned, looking through half-closed eyes. 
“No-one comes in during my shift, buddy,” he yawned again and went back to sleep. Thomas carefully walked out, trying not to disturb the old man. He left the building and walked along the pavement for a while.
Thomas stood at the kerb, looking for a cab. The small trees on the roadside swayed as the light breeze hit them. The windows of the building near the traffic light reflected red, yellow and green light every time the signal changed.
He stared at the sky, watching the faint stars. “The light pollution is spoiling the beautiful night sky full of stars. There could be life up there,” he thought.
A cab pulled up beside him. He opened the door and sank down in the back seat. The driver looked back toward Thomas and gave him a big smile. “Where would you like to go, sir?”
“42nd street,” said Thomas. He could see the driver’s eyes open wide in surprise through the car's rear-view mirror. 
“Do you work for Ames, sir? That’s the only building 
there.”
“Yes, I do,” Thomas said. “Oh boy, here we go. Chatting with the taxi driver.” Thomas thought.
“They pay pretty good salaries, there, don’t they?” the driver said as he sped up. “Are you a scientist?” The driver turned the steering wheel to the right.
“Actually, I’m a physicist,” Thomas said.
“What? Another physicist!” The driver turned his face toward Thomas. “I'm a really lucky person.” He snapped off a bar of chocolate. “Sure, am lucky!” he continued with his mouth full.
“What’s he talking about? He doesn't look like a crank,” Thomas thought.
The driver laughed silently, and his shoulders shook. He looked at Thomas in the rear-view mirror and said,
 “I am always telling Marta, ‘Baby, I meet famous people all the time.’”
He laid his right arm over the front passenger seat, laughing again. “Oh, Marta, she thinks my job is useless. Marta’s my wife, but sometimes I think she’s crazy.”
He began to mimic her voice, “Sami, you smell like a sheep. Why don't you go take a shower.” He smiled and snapped another piece of chocolate.
“It sounds like you two make a wonderful couple,” Thomas said.
Sam shakes his head, saying, “Enough talking about Marta. I once picked up a famous physicist. William Hawking.”
“William Hawking!” Thomas taunted.
Sam nodded his head. “He was really a nice guy. We talked for about thirty minutes,” he said.
Thomas crossed his arms across his chest. “What did you two talk about?” he asked and put hand over his mouth, suppressing a yawn.
“The black holes,” Sam said.
Thomas smiled and said, “Hawking’s favourite subject.”
“I told him I find black holes really cool,” Sam said and looked over his shoulder at Thomas. “I told him that humans
can travel through a black hole to another planet.”
This part of the conversation caught Thomas’ attention. He asked, “What were his thoughts on that?”
“He looked at me and said, ‘Sam, what enters the black hole from one side will be spat out the other side, just much faster.’ I tell you what, he convinced me,” Sam said.
“Interesting,” Thomas mumbled and leaned forward. “Did he explain to you how this would happen inside the black hole?” he asked.
Sam scratched his chin and said, “According to Hawking’s explanation, light travels faster in a black hole and we can’t see it with our eyes because it exceeds the speed of light.”
“Objects on earth are visible because light reflects off them. 
It makes sense,” Thomas said, shaking his head as if he agreed.
Sam gloated that he had caught Thomas’s attention.
“Black holes are so dark, because our eyes cannot see the light even though it continues to shine and travel faster,” Sam said.
He chuckled as he stopped the car near Ames’s building and looked back at Thomas. “Hawking told me before he got out of the car, ‘A black hole can act as a time machine. You can
control the time by controlling the light speed and the direction.’ and then he left.”
Thomas got out of the car and stood on the pavement for a moment, watching the cab speed away.
“Well, he was a pretty strange man,” he mumbled as he made his way towards the building. As Thomas passed through the main entrance, a security guard appeared out of a corner. He pointed down the corridor. “Mr. Dobbin, this way please. They’re waiting for you in the meeting room.”
Thomas found himself wondering, “What could have happened to make them hold a meeting at midnight?”
He walked along the corridor towards the meeting room. His attention was drawn to a painting mounted on a wall.
It depicted a rocket with feathery wings protruding from the back. “Humanity’s dream of flying started with the help of feathered wings,” Thomas mumbled as he opened the meeting room door. The two men and one woman sitting around a large oval table turned their heads toward him as he entered, leaving him feeling a little embarrassed. He held out his hand in greeting.
Thomas heard a familiar voice. “Great, we're all here.” 
He turned and saw Frank Herbert sitting in the corner of the
room. Frank closed his laptop cover and got to his feet. “Go take your seat, Thomas,” Frank said. “Let me introduce you to Julia Hopkins, a biologist at NASA.”
He walked to the other side of the table and put his hands on the back of a man’s chair. “And this gentleman is Dene 
Elliott, a former Navy fighter pilot,” he said.
He sat in one of the chairs and drummed his fingers on the wooden surface of the table, saying, “Come, Mr. Pavan, and introduce yourself.”
Thomas looked at the man. He was tall and thin, wearing round glasses with thinning black hair and a scruffy moustache. He placed a small pile of papers on the table and nodded very slightly to Frank. He got up and walked toward the display board. Everyone was looking at him until he stood beside the display board and turned to face them.
He switched on the projector and typed the words: “Top Secret.”
Dene’s eyes narrowed as if he was thinking hard. Julia took a deep breath, excited to hear more while Thomas looked lost at the unexpected events of the night.
“What I'm about to tell you is Top Secret. You cannot tell anyone. Not your girlfriend, your husband or even your cat.”
There was a short silence. “My name is John Pavan and I 
work for NASA,” he said. “Officially, my department doesn’t exist.” He adjusted his glasses with his left hand and coughed to clear his throat.
“When a hoax spreads across the country, our job is to analyse the collected data to determine the best way to deal with the issue,” John said. “Apocalyptic events, for example, can be very destructive to the economy.”
He put the projector remote on the table and raised both hands just above his chest to face each other. “Fake news can destroy businesses,” he said.
“We can't stop the rumours from starting, but we can attempt to cover things up,” John said and gave a faint smile. He picked up the projector remote and clicked it. He turned his back to his audience and looked at the next slide.
“That is Pioneer 10,” John said, looking around the room at their faces.
“Our ‘Ambassador to the Stars,’” he added proudly.
John took a step to one side before he asked, “Can someone tell us where Pioneer 10 is right now?”
“NASA estimated Pioneer to be approximately 10 billion miles from Earth,” Thomas ventured.
John nodded his head and said, “That's right, Thomas.” He looked up toward the ceiling. “Far away in space.”
He pointed at Dene, saying, “Mr. Elliott, I assume you know that the space probe uses the Hohmann transfer orbit to travel in space,” John directed his hand toward Julia. “Can you explain that to Mrs. Hopkins?”
Dene crossed his arms and said, “Hohmann transfer is used to transfer objects between two circular orbits of different radii in the same plane.”
John whirled his arm in a circle, pretending to throw a ball. “Once you leave the nest, you can never come back,” John said. “Probes are not designed to return.”
He lifted his index finger and said, “But the scientific 
information collected by the probes is important to us.”
Julia could not resist asking, “Is the government hiding aliens at Area 51?” All eyes turned to her.
She expected him to quibble about it. “You are working for the Federal Government, aren't you?” Julia demanded.
“You can't fool the intelligent,” Frank said with a wide smile on his face. “Let’s get things clear; I think we can trust these guys.”
John pulled out a chair and sat down. “I'm a federal agent 
and this is a national security issue,” he said and looked at Julia. “As regards your question, the answer is no,” he shook his head negatively. “I have been to Area 51, there are no aliens. You can count on that.”
Dene rubbed his eyes and mumbled, “Good, because there’s something I want to know. Why are we meeting so late at night?” He held up his mobile phone. “When I received a call from the Vice Chief of Naval Operations, I told myself it must be an emergency!”
John gestured with his hands. “Not at all. There are no immediate threats against our nation. As I told you before, we’re going to cover things up.”
“We don't want to spread panic,” Frank confirmed. “People like to spread rumours and gossip online.”
“What’s our role in this? What do you expect us to do?” Thomas asked. He looked around. “We’re all in different professions, working in different fields.”
“We’ve already informed the White House,” Frank said. “They have asked Mr. Pavan to lead a group to solve the mystery before the public becomes aware. You have two days to achieve this mission.”
“We don't want to put undue pressure on you but we’re 
going to have to expect an awful lot from you. And we have to start right now,” John said.
Silence prevailed as he picked up the projector remote again.
“Watch carefully,” he said. A scale model of the solar 
system came into view, showing a red blip near Neptune. 
“I’m going to set the slide show to a continuous loop. Allow 
your eyes to focus on the red blip.” They watched the red blip move across the screen, passing Uranus, Saturn, Jupiter, and Mars.  It finally stopped near Earth's moon. “Thomas, can you describe this object by its movement?” Frank asked.
Thomas put a finger to his lips in deep thought for a moment. “It can’t be an asteroid or a comet. It’s more likely to be an object moving at a variable speed.” John and Frank looked at each other, before John asked, “What makes you so sure about that?”
“The speed of the object is controlled. You can guess that by comparing two variables; time and speed,” Thomas said.
“I’m a pilot and I have to agree with your theory,” Dene said. “That’s a spaceship.”
John looked confused. “That explains a lot of things,” he mumbled and walked back and forth across the room.
“It moved towards earth,” Frank said. “For the moment we 
have to focus on that.”
“Why didn't they put the air force on alert to deal with an alien spaceship?” Julia wondered.
“It’s not a hostile spaceship. We received a signal,” Frank said.
“Pioneer 10. It's back,” John said, shocking everyone in the room.






Chapter 2

From every habitable planet in the constellation of Cygnus, they came. Several spaceships were heading towards a nearby planet. This planet was located in the life-zone range, orbiting its sun at an average distance of 138.1 million km. The planet is known as Tolar, which means “The white lime.” The planet's inhabitants have pale blue skin and golden eyes with long, white hair. The spaceships entered Tolar‘s atmosphere, landed gently on the surface of floating platforms thousands of feet above a large city. A spiral pillar moved up and down through a vertical axis. The spaceship’s crews boarded the pillar, which had docked at a skyscraper and looked like a sliver-thin Pyramid.
On the highest floor of the building, a man stood in a long cape with his hands behind his back. He was staring through 
A glass wall at the city stretched out before him. Thousands of aircraft hovered in the air over the city. Networks of tubes lay at the heart of the city, the lights shining inside the tubes the result of travel pods moving at high speed. Mount Osiva, the volcanic cone, lay to the north-west of the city. The sun was just barely rising above the snow-capped tip of the mountain into the blue sky.
An orange flag with nine stars had been placed on a glow fibre table with undulating legs. This flag symbolized the Planetary Alliance. Nine planets united to create a force so great that no enemy would dare go against them, except one. That enemy has one great advantage over the Alliance forces; a planet whose name the people dare not speak.
Footsteps entered the room. An old man was wearing what looked very much like an ancient Chinese robe. The robe reached below the knee with an overlapping collar. Seams ran down the centre of the back of the robe with a lateral slit on each lower side. This was the traditional Tolarian men's robe.
The young man turned to him and indicated to come closer. 
The old man stepped forward to the right hand side of his companion with his hands folded in his wide sleeves.
“You summoned me, sir,” the old man said.
The young man continued to stare at the city. “Malara, the capital of Tolar and the headquarters of the Planetary Alliance,” the young man mumbled. “It’s a beautiful city, don’t you think, Moslan?”
“As they say, Malara has been the greatest city in the galaxy for one hundred years,” Moslan said. “And you sir, Onibas the greatest Tolarian politician who is serving as the seventh Secretary General of the Planetary Alliance.”
Onibas’ cape billowed as he swiftly turned and strode toward his desk and sat down. He placed his hand palm downwards on the table. The lights slowly dimmed and the table glowed bright white.
A hologram appeared in the centre of the room displaying a group of scientists in a laboratory and they were examining what looks like a spacecraft.
 “Those scientists working in the space station M28,” Onibas said. “They’re our best scientists.” Moslan felt Onibas tense at the words and his mind began to wander. He thought back to the early years. After the Alliance won the Great War, they built a huge space station to prevent any spaceships from Ho Gene escaping the safety zone. The genie was locked in the bottle and the Alliance celebrated their victory.
“The spacecraft that was captured by our patrol ships,” Onibas said. “It suddenly appeared in the sector.”
“Suddenly?” Moslan wondered. “We have a serious dereliction of duty. Didn’t they notice the ship was approaching the planet?”
Onibas shook his head in the negative. “It was clear from the surviving records that the space station followed all procedures to the letter,” he said.
“Surviving records? I don't understand, sir,” Moslan said.
Onibas pointed to the hologram. “Moslan, you have been 
My mentor and my teacher and you have served as advisor for three Secretaries General in the past. I need you to advise me how I can handle this matter. Just watch what happened,” he said.
They both looked at the hologram.
The scientists were still working in the laboratory when something broke through the wall. A huge anchor rolled into the centre of the lab with a hook on a long chain. The scientists appeared shocked and leapt backwards away from the anchor. Suddenly arms emerged from the anchor and the chain pulled back, dragging the anchor behind. The arms cracked the wall, and the pressure dropped in the lab. The air was sucked out into the vacuum of space, along with some of the researchers. It was a chaotic scene, with everyone desperately clinging to handholds in a frantic effort to stay alive. Flashing lights beamed through the broken wall and from the hole a few figures wearing spacesuits rushed into the lab. They surrounded the spacecraft and attached themselves to the outside. They 
Activated their jetpacks and pushed the spacecraft through the hole. A few seconds later, there was a violent explosion and the hologram went dark.
Moslan stared at Onibas in astonishment. “The emblem on the men’s chests!” he said. “The intruders came from planet Ho Gene.”
Onibas frowned, his eyebrows knitting together. “They sacrificed half of their force to seize the alien spacecraft,” Onibas said. “The M28 station has been destroyed.”
Moslan eyes widened. “M28? The pride of the Planetary Alliance?” he hissed in horror. “This is shocking.”
“Our fleet was easily defeated. There’s only one conclusion. We have a traitor among us,” Onibas said.
“A traitor! At the most important base we’ve established since the Great War?” Moslan shuddered.
“He shut down the anti-warp drive system,” Onibas said. 
 “The Imperial fleet approached at warp speed and weren’t spotted until they were near the base. It was too late to do anything.”
“Who is he?” Moslan asked.
Onibas ground his teeth and words slid slowly from his mouth, “Gali, the commissioned officer.”
“A high-ranking traitor,” Moslan shook his head in regret. “This will cause a major shock to the internal relationships within the Planetary Alliance.”
Onibas stared at him and asked, “How shall I present this case to the council? Just as it appeared to me?” He looked at the flag and, in an irritated tone, said, “Whatever the consequences.”
Moslan took a deep breath and said with a faint smile, “Seeing things as they really are sometimes avoids complications later.”
He leaned forward and looked into Onibas’s eyes.
“What’s the worst that could happen? It is usually good to ask yourself this question to clear your mind and get your focus back.”
Moslan sat down in the chair in front of him, staring at the ceiling and then said, “The Battle of Delsa. I was there and I remember sitting down in front of the ancient gate of Mandas City. A young man faced the horrors of his first combat mission and fought under a rain of shells. The explosion of every bomb threw dirt and dust into the air. A small piece of shrapnel injured his eyebrow and he felt blood hot against his face. He wiped it off and stared at his blood on his hand. “It happened so quickly!” he thought. “This piece of shrapnel is even faster than an eye blink”. This was the moment that he realised that a high-explosive bomb can sometimes be considered humane, since death is instantaneous. That young man learned how to overcome his fear and found ways to build the courage he would need to carry on.”
Onibas looked at the scar over Moslan’s eyebrow and stared at him for a moment. For the first time he realized he knew nothing of Moslan’s past life. In fact, he knew almost nothing about his personal life at all.
All of a sudden there was a knock at the door. A man in a military uniform entered the room. As he entered, he saluted the Secretary General, “Sir, the planetary leadership council is now assembled in the main chamber.”
Onibas got up, walked toward the door and, before reaching it, he turned and said, “Moslan, I'm so glad I have you beside me.” He closed the door quietly behind him and walked across the corridor. 
So many thoughts were running through his mind, and he knew that his news changed everything. In the chamber, the planetary leaders were waiting, still uncertain as to the purpose of the meeting. It had been a long time since the council had last met and this kind of emergency meeting was only ever held to discuss matters of utmost urgency. 

The council consisted of the  leaders of the nine habitable planets located within the constellation of Cygnus.
Planet Doran - Almost the entire surface of this planet is covered by snow for 10-11 months in the year. The inhabitants have adapted to severe cold, building dome houses to allow the snow to glide smoothly off the smooth surfaces.
Planet Palion - The cities and towns of this planet are hidden deep in dense forests. The inhabitants are unusually tall, averaging 230 centimetres for both men and women. Their extraordinarily large hands and misty dark skin made them both unusual and imposing.
Planet Azore - A few very small islands are scattered across an otherwise uninterrupted ocean. Its inhabitants built cities floating on the water. Their bald heads and big lungs make them unequalled swimmers, allowing them to hold their breath underwater for over thirty minutes.
Planet Delsa and its two brothers, Gitis and Yama - These three planets orbit the same star. Their leaders are similarly 
Close, working in harmony with the same grace that their planets dance through space in their orbits. Before joining the Planetary Alliance, they formed a tripartite union with a shared history and culture.
Planet Nadus - A barren landscape is exposed by an almost total lack of vegetation. The perpetual dust storms create an ever-changing topography, as the wind lifts the soil and carries it away. The planet has an estimated population of 584,000. The only remaining city on this planet, Sahara, has survived for more than 300 years. Under large robes with headdresses and masks, the people have adapted to working at high temperature deep in mines. Silicon dioxide is the most important export of Nadus, with its unparalleled quality leading to enormous demand.
Planet Jodar - A land of mountains populated by dwarves. Almost all its inhabitants are born and live their entire lives in the highlands. The chemical element Zatonium is necessary for the production of nuclear power reactors and is found exclusively in Jodar. King Shor of Jodar is the richest leader in the galaxy, with a hundred rooms filled with all manner of riches. The dwarves’ biggest city is 
Liondale, built on top of the tallest mountain on the planet. Fortune hunters come to the city from all over and you can see any and all races roaming the streets and shops late at night.
The leaders of these nine planets of the Alliance met for the first time in 10 years at the request of the Secretary General. After a decade of peace all over the galaxy, the people had forgotten the Great War. Once they had vanquished their enemies, they had concentrated on repairing the damage created by the devastating weapons of war.
As Onibas reached the last step before the door, lights on his head-mounted display started to blink. He stopped in amazement. The device displayed a stereoscopic image of a young man sitting in a spaceship cockpit. Onibas felt his heart begin to race and was overcome with emotion as he said, “I thought you were dead. It’s a miracle you survived.”
The young man looked sober, as he said, “We have failed! Brother, I have failed!”
“There was a betrayal. No-one could have prevented this 
From happening,” Onibas reassured him.
“Onibas, after the fleet lost the battle I hid my ship in the Von asteroid belt.”
“We'll send someone to get you right away. Give me your coordinates,” Onibas said.
The younger man shook his head, “The alien has spacecraft left Ho Gene. I have to find what they plan to do.”
“Kuldar, stop this mission. Go back home.”
A few seconds of silence passed before Kuldar spoke again, “I have to cut the connection. It could signal my location to the enemy.”
“I order you to get out of there,” Onibas said. “I’m giving you an order as your leader, not as your big brother.”
Kuldar's face stiffened with astonishment as he leaned forward and his eyes narrowed, “Onibas, there’s something weird going on here.”
Onibas’ heart sank, as he awaited his brother’s report with trepidation.
Kuldar’s voice was filled with surprise, “It’s a completely white hole. Two Imperial ships returned and one left accompanying the alien spacecraft.”
Onibas wondered what could possibly cause a white hole.
“I intercepted communications they’ve sent to Ho Gene,” Kuldar said.
Onibas saw a lack of understanding on Kuldar's face. There was no fear, just curiosity.
“They were talking about travelling to Kintaro through a hole that shortens the journey by millions of light years.”
“Kintaro!” Onibas said.
Kuldar pressed some buttons and said, “This is a part of their mythology. Kintaro I mean.”
“The Ancients believed that there is other life somewhere in 
The universe,” Onibas said. “They spoke of a new beginning on that planet.”
Kuldar said, “Where the sun is warm and younger.”
“New planet, new beginning!” Onibas mumbled.
Thoughts crowded his mind. It took him a few moments before he came to a realisation. Suddenly, his eyes widened, “Kuldar!” he exclaimed. “Destroy the target. Don’t let him enter the hole.”
Kuldar looked a little surprised, “As you wish, my brother. I’ll handle it.”
He pulled at the yoke and tilted forward at sharp angle
The ship's radar indicated the target. Kuldar was ready to launch a missile on his touch screen, when the Imperial ship began to move erratically. It approached the alien spacecraft and connected to it with the magnetic discs already attached to the surface.
“What's he doing?” Kuldar mumbled.
Suddenly he heard the Imperial ship over the radio, “I don't have time for these trivialities, Tolarian.”
Kuldar remained silent while the Imperial pilot continued, “Kuldar? Is that your name? I heard something through your connection.” The pilot chuckled, “Why does Onibas send his own brother to his death?”
Kuldar pressed a button. “Attack aborted,” the computer said.
“You didn't attack! What is it? You won’t hit a girl?” she snarled.
He held his arms across his chest and relaxed in his seat. “No, not all. I just wanted to give you a chance. Go back to your planet,” Kuldar said.
“I’m the only hope that my people have,” she retorted angrily. “Ho Gene shall rise out of the ashes.” She said sadly after a short silence.
“Ho Gene deserved its fate,” Kuldar said. “You can’t change 
That. This is your last chance. Go back home. My ship is one of the most sophisticated in the galaxy.”
The Imperial ship increased its speed and raced towards the white hole.
“She’s not going to stop,” Kuldar said.
He heard his brother's voice, “The priority is to destroy the target.”
Kuldar made a combat manoeuvrer and started firing missiles. One missile exploded against the ship's shield and the second missed her.
“Damn. She has a shield surrounding the ship,” Kuldar said aloud while the Imperial ship started to pass through the white hole. “Onibas, I will follow her.”
There was a noise over the communication channel. He increased his speed, but as soon as the Imperial ship entered the hole, it turned into a beam of light and disappeared.

“If you can hear me, I have to follow,” Kuldar said in a very low voice that Onibas could hardly hear. 
Kuldar heard fragments of his brother’s reply, distorted by the effect of the white hole’s proximity, “Kuldar, …I will send ….c….b..”
Kuldar saw the white hole as if through a cone. It was totally white and with a small black dot at the end, “There’s no trace of her. She’s disappeared.”
When the ship was just about to enter the hole, Kuldar saw the missile, the one that had missed the target, directly in front of his ship. He tried to veer away, but it was too late.
It was not an explosion in the usual sense. Once the ship touched the bomb, the energy and light caused by the exothermic reaction, quickly shrank and was sucked into the white hole. The turbulence was astonishing. Kuldar felt as if a giant's hand had shaken the ship.
Suddenly there was another explosion composed of a mixture of colours, but this time emanating from the hole. 
 “I need to stabilize the ship in order to use the warp system for main propulsion,” Kuldar said.
He gripped the yoke in both hands and turned the ship around abruptly. He set the ship to maximum speed, leaving the hole behind. Just as he thought he had succeeded, the concussion wave from the explosion reached him.
Colours of all kinds swirled around him. Even his own body shimmered and gave off a prism of light and colour. An expression of wonder crept across his face. “Unbelievable!” he said. Without uttering another word, his ship turned into a beam of light and disappeared.
A reverent silence spread across the place. The white hole slowly returned to its normal hue as the dazzling colours faded. Back at Tolar, Onibas was standing in front of the chamber’s huge door. He had lost the connection with his brother, but Kuldar’s task must succeed. He pushed the door open and walked into the chamber.  The nine leaders were sitting on identical throne-like chairs. He stepped forward until he stood in the middle of the room. The leaders watched him with a mixture of curiosity and impatience.
 “Planetary leaders, it is an honour to stand before you today,” Onibas said. “Nearly twelve years have passed, since last we met.” He opened his arms wide. “Our victory brought peace and tranquillity to the galaxy.” He pointed to the statues surrounding them. “Nine warriors represent the Planetary Alliance.” He paused for a few seconds
“There were many sacrifices and many heroes are no longer among us. There were moments when we believed that we were about to kneel before the Emperor of Ho Gene, but we stood.”  He stared at them one by one and exclaimed with emotion, “The Planetary Alliance still stood!”
His words brought instant and enthusiastic response from the leaders.
“For the Alliance!” King Shor shouted.
“I don’t suppose we were summoned today just to be reminded of our achievements?” Zoryal, King of Palion asked.
“My dear Zoryal,” Onibas replied quietly. “My friends, the danger is not imminent, but it is very real.”
 “You know the rules, Onibas,” the King of Doran observed. “No such special meeting shall take place unless it is absolutely necessary.”
The leaders recognised the deep tension Onibas was trying to conceal.
“We presumed that ….” Onibas said.
“Presumed!” King Zoryal exclaimed.
Onibas rallied quickly, “The space station, M28. It’s been destroyed.”
Loud voices erupted as everyone tried to speak at once. King Shor made a fist and banged against the arm of his chair. “How did this happen? can you determine the extent of damage?” he yelled.
“It was totally destroyed by the Imperial fleet,” Onibas said in an almost inaudible whisper.
“Ho Gene has never dared to attack the Alliance since the Great War," the King of Azore said.
 “It seems that someone has grown lazy, careless and incompetent,” the King of Nadus said angrily.
“Ho Gene knows that any attack on our bases would be futile,” Onibas mumbled. “We can build it back up again.”
“It was one of our most powerful bases, especially given its proximity to that planet.  What led to its destruction?” the King of Gitis asked.
Onibas turned to look at him and said, “One of the leaders was a traitor and he disabled the anti-warp drive system.”
“A traitor!” The word came from every direction.
Onibas spread his hands, “Calm down.”
They stopped talking and looked at him.
“You have to know the real purpose of their attack,” Onibas said.
He told them about the alien spacecraft. When he fell silent, a flood of questions followed.
King Zoryal rested his chin on his hand as he spoke, “What do they want from such a primitive machine?”
“Perhaps the most important question to consider is where the spacecraft came from. Is there other life in the universe?” the King of Nadus asked.
The  King of Yama laughed nervously, “That's insane. If there was other life, we would have  received interstellar signals from them.”
“Planet Kintaro exists,” Onibas said quietly.
They stopped their argument and turned to look at him. King of Delsa clasped his hands and said, “Onibas, you are talking about a myth. It’s an old Ho Gene myth. The myth told of how 625 men and women came from planet Kintaro and they lived and died on Ho Gene. No one knows whether they had children, but it is common knowledge that their planet no longer exists.”
Onibas interrupted, “We have the proof. We received a report from the scientists who examined the spacecraft.  It’s 
Made of an unknown metal, not found on any of our planets. The spacecraft carries a plaque featuring the position of a star within a galaxy. In legend, Kintaro was the third planet away from their star.”
“That planet has been observed before, correct?” King Shor asked.
Onibas shook his head approvingly. “It was one of the planets our astronomers predicted could  support liquid water, given sufficient atmospheric pressure. The location of Kintaro was confirmed using a space telescope,” he said.
“How far is it from us?” King Shor asked.
“It’s about 1,400 light years away,” Onibas said. “The most important thing now is to prevent Ho Gene from taking over that planet. Ho Gene’s sun is dying, helped us to win the Great War.”
Tension appeared in everyone's eyes. The King of Azore stood up and said, “But Kuldar is there and he is known to be a great warrior. Is it possible that he can find the way to stop Ho Gene?”
 “He's just one man.  If the Imperial ship has passed through the white hole, he will follow her.  I know him well enough to promise you that. The Imperial ship will collect information to determine whether they can occupy the new planet.” Onibas was silent for several seconds, then added, “Ho Gene seeks to recover the advantage their sun once gave them. We thought Ho Gene’s sun had a unique composition, but it may be similar to the one Kintaro orbits.”
“Onibas, you’re a military strategist. What's their expected plan?” King of Nadus asked.
Onibas crossed his arms over his chest and said, “In this prelude to invasion, they sent a single ship. If the circumstances are right, they will send the whole Imperial fleet.”
The discussion between the kings became heated. Some suggested waiting and gathering more information, while others advocated allowing Ho Gene’s fleet to migrate to the new planet, leaving its defences weakened against the Planetary Alliance.
 “Kintaro isn't enough to satisfy Ho Gene,” Onibas said, interrupting the debate. “They will always seek more; our planets.”
“Do you mean that Ho Gene is seeking something, and that they will turn against us to take revenge?” the King of Yama asked.
“This is just the first step,” Onibas said. “Ho Gene has bigger plans; something that will affect us all”
“Explain?” the King of Gitis asked.
Onibas nodded. “The people of Ho Gene will never leave Kintaro As soon as they do, their power will fade. They will settle there and never leave. They want our resources. We must prevent this ambition, even if we have to destroy planet Kintaro.” Onibas saw the approval in their eyes that meant a new planet would join the ongoing war. The planet known to us as Earth.



Chapter 3

On the top of a sacred mountain in Tibet lived some mysterious monks. They were called the Tai Chi Dragons and rarely made contact with outsiders. The construction of their temple began nearly 2400 years ago. There was only one gate, but strangers were forbidden entry to the temple. Only a few people ever passed through this imposing gate and there were many stories and rumours about their supernatural abilities. The best of them included that these monks had the ability to move astonishingly fast, running swifter than the deer, and possessed superhuman reflexes.
Every year when the cole flowers began to bloom, the villagers heard a trumpet coming from the Tai Chi Dragon’s temple. It was the call for any young people who wanted to join the Tai Chi Dragons.
Most failed to overcome the challenges. Those who were not ready would never pass the gate. Those who succeeded were permitted to enter the temple for further evaluation.
150 young men headed towards the temple that morning. Everyone wanted to be part of the dragons and to share in their glory. One particular young man walked down the road, following his passion and an old dream of his childhood.  That morning his father had placed his hand on the youth’s shoulder and said, “Kai, the time has come for you to develop your inner strength.  You have power, but you struggle to hide it from others.”
Kai remembered the day he fought with Shang and Sui, who had bullied him at school. He had always avoided fights whenever possible, but that day he achieved his vengeance, beating them both and breaking Shang’s arm. His father took him to apologise to Shang’s family.  When they returned, he sat him down for a conversation. “Son, when you feel the desire to seek revenge, stop and repeat in your mind, it is not worth it.”
Kai thought back to when he was four years old.  His uncle came to visit them one night, and sat drinking tea and talking with Kai’s parents while Kai lay wrapped in a blanket, pretending to sleep.
A splashing sound in the lake caused by a fish jumped to eat dragonfly, the crickets singing and the frogs croaking nearby. He heard his uncle say, “He’s one of them, you have to accept that.”
His father turned his face toward the place he slept, “No, he is much more powerful than them,” he took a sip of tea, “but he has a kind heart.”
“I noticed that,” his uncle said. “He must be able to control his powers and never allow them to control him.”
“He will,” his father said. “He’s clever.”
A dog was barking somewhere in the village as his father threw a piece of wood into the fire. Sparks flew into the air like bright lights in the dark.
His uncle sucked at a pipe, blowing smoke rings, “Who knows, maybe he'll grow up to be like Zotar.”
“The legend of Zotar!” his father said.
His uncle nodded his head and said, “I know it's only a 
Myth, but the Tai Chi Dragons claim that he existed 2400 years ago.”
His father smiled and said, “Zotar, who delivered the earth from the iron spiders and killed king Melos.”
“That story has been told through the ages, no doubt with some exaggeration,” his uncle said.
An owl hooted loudly in the stillness of the night. His father laughed, “An iron spider can carry 100 men and fly like a bird. There’s a story that's hard to believe.”
“I can smell rain in the air. I should go before I get caught in a thunderstorm,” his uncle said.
He got to his feet, gave the traditional greeting, then turned and walked away.
Kai yawned under the blanket and fell asleep. His father poured water on the fire, a slight smile on his lips. “Someone seems to have eavesdropped on our conversation,” he said quietly.
Kai didn’t hear his father’s words. Instead, dreams invaded his mind. In one dream he was fighting thousands of spiders. In another, he was throwing a big rock and exclaiming, “I am a hero. I am Zotar.”
Kai held onto those memories while he sat before the front gate of the temple. There were people all around him sitting in half lotus. They were staring at the door waiting for it to open. Every year master Toshi walked out of that door and oversaw the tests. Those who succeeded were invited to follow him into the temple. Each year came with a new set of tasks and challenges, ensuring that no applicant was able to prepare. Success was entirely dependent on the skills and power they carried within them.
Several hours passed and the door remained stubbornly shit. The time passed slowly and several of the prospective applicants became bored and started to stand or pace.
Kai meditated as he remained seated. He cleared his mind and prepared as best he could for the upcoming challenges. He focused his mind on what might be behind those walls, visualising ordinary people with extraordinary abilities. 
With such thoughts to occupy him, there was no risk that he would succumb to boredom.
A tall guy approached him, and stared down for a moment. The newcomer paused, troubled by a stone in his shoe. He removed his shoe and shook out the stone, “Damn, I just got tired of waiting. Do you still have hope that they will come?” He raised one hand to shield his eyes from the glare of the sun.
“They will,” Kai replied.
“What makes you so sure?” the man said.
Kai pointed at the top of the gate. The birds perched there had just become alert and, as the pair looked up, the flock took flight, startled.
“Someone’s opening the gate,” Kai said.
The gate opened with a loud creak, and two men emerged. A man wearing a blue followed a short distance behind an old man wearing white.
 “Master Toshi, what do you think?” The man in blue asked, a look of ridicule on his face.
Master Toshi pointed to Kai and two other men sitting on the ground and nodded. “The new generation has forgotten the importance of patience,” Master Toshi said, glaring at the men who had stood up.
Warriors in green stepped forward from the temple. The young men looked terrified, staring at the warriors.
“Patience is the greatest skill a man can learn,” Master Toshi said and raised his index finger. “You don't deserve to join the Tai Chi Dragons. When I lower my hand, my warriors will attack.”
They looked at his finger and began to run away, falling into and over one another down the road until they vanished from sight.
Master Toshi turned back to Ka and the other two men sitting on the floor. “You three follow me.” he ordered and made his way back to the temple.
The three men stood up and rushed inside. Kai was so excited that he swore he could hear his own heart beating. He had already achieved his first goal but there was still a long way to go. He would do his best to learn and to become a Tai Chi Dragon. 
Kai saw a giant oak standing in the middle of the temple, its branches swaying in the wind. To his right there was the main chamber of the temple, built of a calcareous stone with a large dome cap over the building. As Master Toshi climbed the steps to the chamber, the new intake started to follow. The man in blue held out an arm to stop. “You cannot enter. This chamber is a forbidden place.”
One of the warriors they had seen earlier walked up to them, “Come. Your ability to stay is based on you passing our tasks.”
As Kai followed the warrior, he looked up to see Master Toshi standing, staring directly at him.
“Do you think he's the one?” the man in blue asked.
 “Maybe. Maybe not,” Master Toshi replied. “Yang, I feel an unusual aura surrounding him.”
“Master, do you want us to run some special tests on him?” Yang asked.
Master Toshi nodded, “I'm almost at the end of my life.  Worse times are to come.”
He turned and entered the building, walking through the hall to the inner chamber. He stared up at the dome above him. He had gazed at the painting on the inside of the dome countless times. The artist had shown another solar system, emphasising a planet orbiting an alien star… a planet called Ho Gene.




Chapter 4

Black Rock Desert 7:15 PM:

The Chinook was flying low, just over 2,700 ft high. The sound of the twin-engines drowned out all other noise. Thomas peered through the round window at the lights of a camp gleaming out through the desert. The Chinook was headed directly toward it. He turned his head to the right and said loudly, “Julia, I think we have reached our destination.”
“Oh, thank god. Dene’s the worst pilot ever,” Julia said and put her hand on her stomach.
John smiled, “He’s not that bad really. Some of the pilots I’ve flown with, you’d rather walk home than fly with them again.”
“I hope I never fly with them, Mr. Pavan,” Julia said. “This would have to be my last mission.”
They started laughing while the helicopter approached the landing site. Seconds later, it touched down in a field, blowing up a tremendous cloud of dust. It took two minutes for calm to descend again, as the blades slowly stopped turning and the dust drifted back to the earth. Dene walked out to them, carrying his flight helmet.
“Hope you enjoyed flying with us today,” Dene said with a proud look.
Julia carried her bag firmly strapped to her back. “Remind me to take a cab on the way back,” she said.
Dene put his hands behind his head, “Ooh, the volcano has erupted.”
Julia gave him a hard look and got out of the Chinook. The soldiers began to unload equipment and carry it into the building. John watched them closely, “Be careful. These are the most sensitive devices of their kind in the world.”
A huge, bald man in a military uniform with muscular arms and a tattoo on the side of his neck stepped towards him. 
John noticed the stars on his uniform.
“Mr. Pavan, I’m Major Doke, the base commander.” He shook his hand firmly.
“Major, may I introduce my colleagues, Julia Hopkins, Thomas Dobbin and this guy is Dene Elliott.”
The Major welcomed them all, “Everything's set up according to the instructions we’ve been given.”
“Have they installed the radio telescope?” John asked.
Major Doke pointed to a nearby hill to the east of the camp. “A team from NASA came ten days ago and finished everything.”
They looked towards the hill, but the darkness obscured their view.
John put his hands on his hips as he looked around.
“UFO Seekers,” he said.
 “What about them?” Thomas asked.
John turned around to face the others. “This place is going to attract a lot of attention. UFO seekers will spread the news everywhere,” he said. “Dozens of people will come with recording devices, cameras and who knows what else. That’s the last thing we want out here.”
“What are our options?” Major Doke asked.
“We can send teams out to create a perimeter circle with about a 5 kilometre diameter around the camp. If they pretend they are UFO seekers, they can persuade people there is nothing here. Alternatively, they can sabotage their vehicles at night if they’re too stubborn to leave,” John said.
“The teams will be ready shortly,” Major Doke said.
“We must be prepared for unexpected surprises. This event seems to violate the known laws of physics. Then again, the aim of all science is to discover new things,” John said.
Major Doke pointed to where a few military tents had been set up. “We have prepared everything so you can rest until 
Tomorrow,” he said.
“Thanks. That's what we need right now,” John said. “Come on, guys. Tomorrow will be a busy day.”















Black Rock Desert 6:38 AM:

The sun shone in a clear sky. Tumbleweed, driven by the scorching wind, rolled over the desert. The wide flat land stretched out to the horizon. A black collared lizard lying on a small rock, startled by the noise of footsteps, slid from its resting place to hide in a small hole.
Dene was jogging across the sand, sweat running down the muscles of his chest. He stopped, breathing hard and exclaimed, “Good morning, Thomas.”
“Good morning. You’re an early bird,” Thomas said.
Dene got down and did ten push-ups. He stood and clapped his hands. “Gotta maintain fitness, keep your body healthy.”
“I'm going to the administrative facility. We have to make sure the devices are working properly,” Thomas said.
“Catch you later. I'll have a bath first,” Dene said.
Thomas headed toward the facility, opened a door leading to the Operations Center. Facing him were three big screens. The middle one showed a map of the world, the left screen 
Showed spectral data and, on the right, topographic data.
John turned his chair and looked at Thomas, “Hi, there.”
Julia lifted her coffee mug and a smile touched the corners of her mouth as she sat at her computer. Thomas stood in front of the right screen, crossed his arms over his chest, “We are still getting data, even after 45 years.”
“We share Pioneer feed with NASA all the time,” John said.
Julia raised her head and pushed her glasses up the bridge of her nose. “Will that help us determine the landing place?” she asked.
“As you can see, the topographical map can provide certain information about the proposed probe crash area,” Thomas said.
John scribbled some numbers on a piece of paper and said, “What we’re seeing right now is a transmission from Pioneer’s devices. It’s approaching this area.”
“That’s regrettable,” Julia said.
Thomas looked at her, confused. She saw the questions in their eyes and felt kind of embarrassed. She cleared her throat, “I mean, Pioneer has done a great service to mankind. Burning up after entering the Earth's atmosphere, it’s a very sad ending.”
“Actually, objects burn not because they fall from a great height, but because they enter the atmosphere at a high-speed,” Thomas said.
John looked at the screens and said, “Theoretically, we could bring objects safely down to Earth by reducing the speed they’re travelling through the atmosphere at, but unfortunately, we have not yet reached this kind of technology.”
He lifted his head and half turned in his chair. “Dene, you’re here.”
“I didn't want to interrupt your conversation, with all these scientific things,” Dene said.
John loosened his tie and asked, “Are you disappointed?”
Dene waved his hand. “No, not all,” he said. “It’s clearly not alien technology, I don't want to be killed by a giant jelly creature.”
Julia laughed at his joke and sighed, “Oh boy.”
Dene looked at her smiling face and winked his eye. She felt her cheeks grow warm. She gave him a quizzical look but her heart beat heavy in her chest. “You are such a silly girl!” she thought to herself.
“There are a lot of unanswered questions,” Thomas said.
“Like what?” Dene inquired.
Thomas sat cross-legged, facing him and said, “For now the most important thing is how the spacecraft crossed 2.7 billion miles in 3 months to reach earth’s moon.”
“It is possible we may never discover how; space is full of mysteries,” John mumbled.
Julia pulled out the vial rack, withdrew one vial from it and said, “I am ready to deal with some type of alien bacteria.”
 “A vial? For what?” Dene asked in surprise.
A faint smile touched her face. “Pioneer. During its journey into space it hit rocks and cosmic dust and the scientists thought that the asteroids and rocks were remnants of an exploded planet.”
“I’m not sure I understand,” Dene said.
Julia motioned with her hands. “Bacteria are found everywhere. If the earth explodes one day, the bacteria will float away into space,” she said.
Understanding flared in Dene’s eyes. “It’s a little bit scary.”
“She's going to collect samples from the crash site,” John said. “They’ll be stored and then examined in specialized laboratories.”
Dene stared at her, smiled and said under his breath, “I knew there was something special about her.”
Julia had to acknowledge her growing attraction to him, if only to herself.
Thomas leaned forward, looking at the data on the left screen. “That's strange,” he mumbled.
His words attracted their attention. John stood close beside Thomas’ chair and asked, “What have you seen?”
“You can feel something is wrong when reading the data that’s coming from the radio telescope. The estimated shape of Pioneer; the dimensions aren’t compatible with the real size of Pioneer. Mr. Pavan, can you check this spatial data?”
John focused on the data appearing on the screen. His eyebrows knitted together in deep thought. After a few seconds he said, “These dimensions are four times the size of Pioneer.” He pointed to the screen. “This yellow is our spacecraft, but the red and green I can't work out.”
“It has a lower density than liquids or solids. It must be a heavy gas out there,” Thomas said.
“But its movement is synchronous with Pioneer’s movement,” John said.
Thomas tapped his fingers on the desk, turned his face 
Toward John and said, “I think Pioneer carried small chunks of ice and dust from its journey through space and it’s being melted now by solar winds.”
“You are right. It could be caused by the ice melting process,” John said.
Julia exhaled a long breath and leaned back in the chair. “What time will it all start?” she asked.
“Any time now. It will fall with the same acceleration as meteors,” Thomas said. “We need to be ready for it when it happens.”
Dene looked at the topographic maps. “I think we have half an hour. This screen shows a map of all of Nevada,” he said.
“It’s updating according to the data provided by Pioneer. The circle is now anywhere within 30 kilometres from the camp,” Thomas said.
Major Doke appeared at the door. He stepped inside and walked toward John.
“The car is ready,” he said.
 “I don’t think there is a danger to the camp but tell everyone to be careful. My team will use the car to reach the crash site,” John said.
He turned around to look through the window. “The sun’s shining in a clear blue sky. That’s really good conditions for observation,” he said.
“The spacecraft is approaching the edge of the atmosphere,” Thomas said.
He lifted his head and said, “Now, we can determine the crash site accurately.”
Julia placed the vials into a small bag, put a micro tape recorder in her coat pocket and a small notebook in a pocket on the other side.
John leaned forward and put his hands on the desk. He thought for a long moment, staring at the screens then he clapped his hands twice, saying, “Let's go, guys.”
They rushed to put on silver hazmat suits and walked 
Heavily toward the door, passing through to ride in a khaki vehicle.
Dene took the driver's seat and started the engine. “Where to?” he asked.
John pulled out a pad and entered some coordinates. He pointed northwest. “That way, about seven kilometres.”
Dene stomped the gas pedal to the floor, causing the vehicle to bounce and raising a cloud of dust and stones, leaving tyre tracks on the thin layer of sand.
The car roared down the sandy road, shaking the four passengers vigorously.
Julia felt a blast of warm air hit her face. Her helmet rested in her lap, and when she turned her face to the left, she saw a rabbit running horrified alongside the car. She chuckled to herself as the confused rabbit continued to run alongside the car for several meters.
Thomas stared at the sky, blue and sunny with a lonely white cloud across the horizon. Everything seemed calm but 
It would easily be interrupted by upcoming events.
John looked at his pad for several moments then turned his head up to the sky. “Something's wrong.”
Thomas leaned forward, “Mr. Pavan, What happened?”
“Pioneer should have reached terminal velocity by now. That’s the maximum speed a falling object can reach when entering the earth’s gravity,” John said. “But its speed now is similar to a normal passenger jet.”
“That's impossible,” Thomas said.
John held up his pad. “Either the data are wrong, or this device is no longer receiving a signal.”
Dene turned the wheel to the right to avoid a prickly cactus. He kept his eyes focused on the road ahead as he asked, “It’s given us the wrong coordinates?”
“No, we’ve got the right coordinates,” John said pointing to the sky. “There it is.”
Dene stopped the vehicle. No words came out of his open 
Mouth as Julia stood up on the back seat staring at the sky, trying to identify the visible object.
“It’s a silent landing,” Thomas mumbled and he slowly opened the door and stepped outside.
The rest followed him and they found themselves looking at Pioneer while it landed smoothly.
More than forty-five years had passed, and it looked to have barely changed at all. Thomas moved forward a few more steps, but stopped suddenly. “What is that?” he wondered.
There was something big and barely-visible attached to Pioneer. As they watched, the faint shimmer gradually coalesced and became opaque, allowing them to see the object clearly.
An alien spaceship shaped like a seashell, its surface reflected the light of the sun.
Thomas saw words and unknown symbols on its hull. Suddenly the cockpit flashed with lights and the glass opened.
Contrary to all their expectations, they saw an ordinary girl wearing a full bodysuit with a high collar.
“What are you?” John mumbled incomprehensibly.
They shuddered as somewhere inside their heads a voice seemed to be speaking, “Greetings people of Kintaro. My name is Otar.”











Chapter 5

This planet has ruled most of this quadrant of the galaxy for one thousand years. There were many planets that resisted its ambitions, seeking freedom or engaged in needless wars spawned by greed.
The Imperial fleets roamed interstellar space to maintain order and to collect resources for their race. The planet's inhabitants developed superhuman abilities such as super-strength and the ability to move faster than other people do in the occupied planets. Unarmed close combat with the Imperial warriors invariably led to serious injury for even the most elite warriors of the occupied planets.
Ho Gene was the name that was being repeated over and over in the constellation of Cygnus. The Imperial House, Goryan, was the noble family that ruled Ho Gene since the beginning of time. Under the law of Batra, the Emperor sat on his throne and ruled for twenty years before a member of House of Goryan could attempt to claim the throne for 
Himself. The challenger would only be eligible if he had an ancient gold pendant. Only seven pendants existed, each one created by the founding Emperor of the Goryan Dynasty for one of his seven sons. These pendants were equipped with embedded intelligent technology which prove the holder is descended from the Goryan Dynasty.
The pendant checked the holder's genes through its proximity to the body. The sun in the middle of the pendant flashed bright yellow when the holder was descended from the Goryan Dynasty. Due to the extinction of some cadet branches, only three pendants remained. The current Emperor, Tago, came to the throne in 2381 and he fought against the Alliance before Ho Gene lost the Great War. Since then, he focused on building the capacities to protect and to secure the planet. The supercontinent of Corwana covered a third of Ho Gene's surface with a population of 135 million. The Emperor's palace was located in the northeastern end of the massive Corwana continent and overlooks the city of Gyda. Gyda was the largest city, and the capital of Ho Gene.
A spaceship sank slowly through the clouds above the 
Palace. Its shadow fell over the landing area as it glided effortlessly without engine power to a smooth landing.
The spaceship belonged to the Emperor's Special Command. It was a special unit within the Imperial fleet that received instructions directly from the Emperor.
In his silver and black suit, the admiral made his way through the neon glowing circle into the round corridor connecting the landing pads with the main palace complex.
As he reached the Emperor's Hall, the guards on either side saluted with crossed arms fists on chest. He walked across the marble floor of the great hall, and then along a turquoise carpet runner trailing from the door to the throne. Pennants hung down from large poles under a curved high ceiling. The sunlight streamed through panes of glass and centred on one particular spot, the throne. The Emperor was sitting on the throne in his Imperial armour, eyes closed, with his head raised and sunlight on his face.
The admiral approached his Emperor, cautiously avoiding making any noise that might disturb him.
The newcomer peered up from the corner of his eye at the admiral of the Imperial fleet, Admiral Caden. The competition between the two men was fierce, as each wanted to be more powerful than the other with greater privileges.
Suddenly the Emperor opened his eyes. His pupils glowed like lanterns and the veins all over his body became visible as his muscles began to tense. “Admiral Paladan.” 
Paladan crossed his arms fists over his chest. “Ho Gene shall rise,” he said.
The Emperor lifted his arm and gazed at his veins as they returned to normal size.
“Things are no longer the same as they were before,” the Emperor mumbled. “The power we pride ourselves on having no longer exists. Our sun is dying.”
A cheetah was sitting beside his throne. He fondled its head. The cheetah rubbed up against his legs and then sat licking her fur. The Emperor returned his attention to Admiral 
Paladan. “What is the status in the sector after our recent operation?” he asked.
“Our enemies remain surprised and are afraid to enter the sector,” Paladan said.
The Emperor waved his hand in a negative. “Certainly, they were surprised. But obviously our enemy wants to take revenge after its defeat in the sector.” 
“Surely they will do, but for now they have retreated to their defensive line,” Paladan said.
“The Alliance held its first full meeting since the end of the Great War,” Admiral Caden said.
The Emperor looked into Caden’s eyes, “Onibas, the Tolarian.”
Caden nodded his head, “Yes, your Majesty. The Secretary General of the Planetary Alliance requested that meeting.”
The Emperor leaned forward and stared at them both for a few brief seconds. The tension was written on both men's faces. Without taking his eyes off them, he asked, “Why do 
You think he did that?”
“The base is much important for the Alliance and as a Secretary General, Onibas has to inform the planets’ leaders,” Paladan said.
Admiral Caden smiled sarcastically. “My dear Paladan, it's not that important. Onibas is a very clever man and he must have realized that. Our plan I mean,” he said.
“That's exactly what I thought,” the Emperor said. “Onibas will try to destroy us in any way possible.”
Paladan gritted his teeth and pursed his lips. “So arrogant, with this extraordinary compliment from the Emperor,” he thought.
“After we became more aware and our scientists finally discovered the truth about planet Kintaro, we knew that it would become a matter of life and death for the Alliance. You know Onibas was a fighter and would rather take a proactive approach,” the Emperor said.
He raised his finger. “We must succeed in our mission, but 
after creating the proper conditions for the largest mass migration in the universe,” he said.
Caden hesitated for a while before he said, “We just don't have enough ships to evacuate the entire planet.”
The Emperor tapped his fingers on the arm of the throne, glanced up to the white clouds visible through the hall window. There was a long moment of silence before he said, “My father told me once that leaders do not hesitate to make sacrifices to succeed.”
Caden thought, “What kind of sacrifice does he mean? We estimated as many as one hundred thousand people will be evacuated from across the planet.”
“The final evacuation plans were made; it includes all the most important people and we made sure that their families will join them,” the Emperor said.
“What about the rest of the planet? “Paladan asked cautiously.
 “Their fate depends on new scientific theory,” the Emperor said.
They looked at him in silence, wondering. His eyebrows knitted together. “Our scientists believe that we can travel through the white hole at time equal to zero. Theoretically, we can make gates anywhere and use it to travel between any two nearest star systems.”
“A space gate!” Caden said.
The Emperor smiled with confidence. “Our scientists have finished making the gates here in Ho Gene and when we colonize Kintaro, we can connect the gates together,” he said.
“To move our people from Ho Gene to Kintaro?” Paladan asked.
“That is what we aspire to,” the Emperor said.
He pointed to Admiral Caden, saying, “The success of this operation will depend upon the success of your forces. Always at the right times and in the right ways”
Caden crossed his arms, fists across his chest, “I will not let you down, Majesty.” He brought his arms down to his sides and said, “If we use the heart tactic efficiently, the Emperor's special command ships will pass through the white hole without any damage.”
He brought his both hands forward. “We can deceive the enemy using an old trick. Which hand holds the coin? Or in this case, which warships surrounded the heart?” he said.
The Emperor gestured for him to continue.
“Once our ships manoeuvrer towards a certain orbit, the fleet will split into three groups of two. As it moves, they will be easily observed. That will surprise and confuse the enemy. They will not know which group to target and where the heart is. The enemy ships will be concentrated facing one group. We will convince them that this group has more weapons and shields. The Emperor's special command ships will leave Ho Gene’s orbit and activate the warp drive at this point. Our groups will be manoeuvring again to surround the Emperor ships when they pop in the nest. Admiral Paladan, you need to act fast and jump again immediately 
Before the enemy activates the anti-warp drive system. Onibas will soon realize that he has been fooled, but it is too late to do anything. The Emperor’s ships will pass through the white hole and the rest of the fleet will follow shortly.”
The Emperor clapped his hands and rubbed them together, saying, “That's a brilliant plan, but we must be certain everyone's fully committed.”
Admiral Paladan was going to reply when a voice interrupted him, “Her Majesty, the Empress.”
The Emperor waved his hand, signalling them to leave. He stood up, took the Empress’s hand, and gently kissed it. “My dear, Yoko, you look marvellous in this dress.”
Yoko was a pretty, meticulous woman in her early 30s. Her hair was magma-red, and crashed over her shoulders. Her amber eyes were deep-set in her oval face, above an angled nose and heart-shaped lips.
She glanced down at her floor length red velour dress with oversized draped sleeves and the pointed shoulders along with the gold patterned trim and matching corset.
 “My sister liked this dress too,” she said sadly.
The Emperor grimaced slightly, “She insisted on taking on this mission.” 
“You could have stopped her. She would have obeyed you,” Yoko said, the tears rolling down her face.
He placed one hand under her chin and wiped away her tears with the other.
“Otar is no longer a little girl. She is a warrior princess and she has already proved her abilities in combat.”
He looked straight into her eyes. “She is descended from the dynasty of Goryan,” he said. “And they are extremely stubborn when they want something.”
Yoko stared at him, wondering, “Is this the real reason? Potential competition for the throne?” She shook her head, dismissing the thought. “Tago treated her like a younger sister and he always granted her wishes. I think it’s because he knows he’ll never father a child.”
 “She's just an ordinary girl, landed on this mysterious planet,” Yoko said.
The Emperor sat on his throne and placed his Empress in his lap. “Don’t worry. She's a smart girl and will grab the best opportunities. Her mission will be successful,” he said. “We provided her with the best equipment.”
After a moment of silence, he said, “In fact, I am afraid she will decide to use force against them. With the information we have about their planet, a few Imperial ships can destroy Kintaro,”
He gently wrapped his hand in her hair and said, “Soon we will join her and then they ……”
His eyes brightened as he lifted his face up. “They will kneel before the Emperor.”













Chapter 6

Objects scattered over a wide area in orbits around a nearby planet. These objects observed a spaceship headed towards the planet's atmosphere. Each object followed the same pattern, scanning the spaceship's body with beams of red light that swung up and down, before allowing it to pass..
He sat in the captain's command chair, looking at an image of a red, cloudy looking planet that filled the screen.
He thought back. Surely the planet looked different today from what it was twenty years ago. This planet had survived the explosions of the mega cannons, but at what price? A sudden and drastic change in the weather due to the war meant that the planet's inhabitants struggled to replenish their dying atmosphere and allow life to exist again on the surface. The fog presented a problem that had not yet been overcome. The planet was shrouded in fog most of the year, but people proved capable of adapting to the changing 
Environment. This planet was called Moya. Back in the old days, you could always find different races coming to this planet for trade. Unfortunately, after the war, the residents became increasingly hostile towards strangers.
A man moved up to stand beside the captain's command chair. He stood staring at the huge screen for a moment. “It was a beautiful place in the past.”
“Moslan, have you been here before?”
A smile spread across Moslan’s face. “I childhood memories from here. I used to come with my mother when we would go to her hometown to visit her family.”
“I wondered why your skin was lighter than ours,” Onibas said as he raised his eyebrows. “No wonder the Tolarian and the Moy knew that we were actually one race.”
“Are you willing to form an Alliance with them?” Moslan asked.
Onibas crossed his arms over his chest. “There seems to be no other choice left,” he said.
Moslan turned his face towards him and said, “Do not forget that they were first to stand up against Ho Gene. To serve their own greed”
“It amazes me how much you dislike the idea. Their blood runs through your veins,” Onibas said.
Moslan gave a nonchalant shrug. “My mother told me that their King Dibo was a greedy, selfish and hateful man. He made good relationships with Ho Gene at the time of the former Emperor,” he said.
“But he turned to fight against them,” Onibas said.
Moslan thought for a bit and then said, “He only did that because he thought he could take control of the constellation after the previous Emperor’s death.” He smiled sarcastically. “But Tago, the new Emperor, wasn't going to give up that easily. He attacked Moya and killed King Dibo.”
“We’ll take our chances with his daughter, Queen Aurora,” Onibas said.
“She’s just like her father,” Moslan said.
Onibas stared at the planet appearing on the biggest screen, “She had every reason to hate Tago.”
“You mean when her father prepared her to be the crown prince's fiancée?” Moslan asked.
Onibas agreed with a nod of his head.
“We may count on her discretion,” Moslan said.
They stopped talking and turned towards the screen. There were Moy’s ships heading toward them. The authorized commander of the spaceships appeared on the screen. “Secretary General of the Planetary Alliance, you may lead your ship to follow us.”
“As you say, Commander,” Onibas said as he told his crew to obey the commander's orders.
The Moy’s ships split into two groups. The commander’s ship pushed forward to position itself in the front.
Moslan forced a smile to his lips. “Very aggressive.”
Onibas remained silent, lost in his own thoughts, “If he succeeds in persuading them, we will gain a strong, stable ally against Ho Gene.”
Down below, the city of Razin was enveloped in a thick fog which obscured the buildings and gave a gloomy appearance to the city.
Onibas glimpsed a statue rising above the fog, depicting King Dibo as a representation of the spirit of Courage.
“The pursuit of vanity appears to have found gratification,” Onibas smiled in mockery.
“Every tyrant thinks he is different, but their shame and pain last forever,” Moslan said.
“And in the end, they fall,” Onibas said.
The commander’s ship began to enter dense layers of fog and slowly disappeared from sight and the rest of the Moy’s ships turned around and flew away.
Onibas’s ship followed the directions coming from the 
Commander’s ship. The sky became lost in a heavy fog that enveloped the entire spaceship. Suddenly they saw a string of lights from ships parked on the field immediately in front of Dibo’s statue.
Onibas’s ship landed softly on the ground. The three engines began to slow and then stopped. The crew watched as one of the outside guards paced around, and then he stopped and saluted a man approaching the ship.
“It seems our host has arrived,” Onibas said.
He was an old man but seemed fit and strong.
The man was clearly not military, but it was apparent from his clothing that he held a prominent position.
“The Queen sent her best man to escort you,” Moslan said.
“Are you familiar with him?” Onibas asked.
Moslan said, without taking his eyes from the screen, “Minwa, the Prime Minister and the Queen's advisor. He has served the monarchy very well in the past.”
Onibas stared at the man for a long moment and asked, “Why have they sent their best man to welcome us?”
“Certainly, he is not here just for a greeting,” Moslan said.
Onibas looked at him, a question in his eyes.
Moslan turned to him and said, “He came to examine things closely; to study your behaviour and even your emotions.”
“This gives me hope for our success. I like everything around me to be clear, and their reactions are predictable,” Onibas said.
He smiled and said, “Let us not keep our host waiting. Moslan, you will come with me. The crew can stay here.”
Onibas and Moslan left the ship and walked along the passage. The old man watched the two men approaching. His cold eyes scanned Onibas from head to feet.
“Greetings, gentlemen. Firstly, I would like to welcome you all to the city of Razin.”
He looked at Moslan carefully and said, “My name is Minwa, but I think the hybrid already told you that.”
Onibas bristled at the word but he kept the smile fixed to his face. “We are pleased that her Majesty has agreed to see us,” Onibas said.
“The Queen wants to know the reason for your visit. She is waiting in the palace right now,” Minwa said.
Moslan could sense the old man's suspicions growing. “The Secretary General came to present an important matter to Queen Aurora. I think it will grasp her attention,” he said in a very calm voice.
“Only the Queen will decide what is most important for this nation. I'm just an old man,” Minwa said with a hint of cunning in his voice.
“I think you are doing a fine job,” Moslan said.
Onibas looked at him in astonishment. He thought, “Moslan wants to send a message that we have nothing to hide.”

“Interesting.” Minwa looked as if he wanted to add something but kept quiet for a few seconds before pointing to a small flying craft. “Shall we go?”
They all headed toward the craft.
Onibas and Moslan stared down into the haze as the craft flew over the city. The fog gave everything a creepy feeling despite the magnificent buildings.
Minwa said in a low voice, “A lot of things have changed around here.”
“I noticed that,” Moslan mumbled.
He turned around and said, “Before the war, the windows were always open, and the weather was sunny all the time. My mother used to take me to the garden beside the seven lakes.”
Minwa pointed west. “The garden is over there but the lakes are almost dry,” he said.
“Soon everything will return to normal,” Moslan said.
 “We are working on it,” Minwa said.
Onibas looked at him, “Maybe this meeting will solve a lot of problems for both of us.”
The flying craft turned in a wide sweep and started gliding to the ground. The palace was huge and striking. It had two wings, the west face overlooking the city and the east face overlooking the ocean. In the centre, the garden was lined with many brightly coloured flowers.
“Her Majesty is waiting in the royal throne chamber,” Minwa said.
At the great wall stood an honour guard. The visitors walked between them into the entrance of the palace.
They entered the chamber to find Queen Aurora standing beside the throne. She was almost 40 with a round face, huge almond-shaped eyes, golden pupils, a straight nose and clear light blue skin with short white hair.
She was standing with her hands clasped in front of her. 
Onibas stepped forward to greet the Queen. “Queen Aurora, I am very glad to have the opportunity to meet you.”
The Queen nodded her head. “Secretary General of the Planetary Alliance, I hope your journey wasn't too arduous.” She turned and stepped to her throne and sat down smoothly. “It has been a long time since we have had visitors.”
“I hope that today begins a new era of cooperation between the planets,” Onibas said.
“Did you come to extend an offer of cooperation? Or did you come seeking our help?” Minwa asked.
He looked up at the Queen. She gestured with a hand for him to continue.
“You defeated Ho Gene without our help.”
After a moment's hesitation, Onibas said, “Yes, we did.”
“Something new has happened,” Queen Aurora said. “Isn't that why you came here today?”
Moslan intervened, “If he is our enemy, then he's your enemy as well.”
“But he is too weak now.” Minwa said.
Moslan looked at him and shook his head. “Ho Gene's ambitions did not end, and nor did its Emperor’s.”
“We've had enough war,” Queen Aurora said.
“Sometimes war is necessary to end evil,” Onibas said.
He pointed a finger at the ground at his feet. “They destroyed this planet only because you stood against them.”
“Moya was left to fight alone,” Queen Aurora said.
Onibas crossed his arms over his chest. “The fleets will gather in orbit around Tolar. Join us. Malara shall welcome you.”
A flush of anger appeared on the Queen’s forehead. “Where was Malara when the Imperial fleet appeared over the horizon? Where was Malara when Razin fell?” 
 “I cannot change what happened then, but we can change the present and the future. Together,” Onibas said.
Queen Aurora turned her face aside. “The answer is no. You can stay as long as you want. We will take care of you and your crew,” she said.
Onibas fell silent for several seconds, thinking about his failure to convince the Queen.
“You heard, gentlemen,” Minwa said. He looked to the Queen for confirmation then he looked back at them. “That’s the end of the meeting.”
Onibas saw Moslan take another short step forward.
“I thought you wanted to get revenge on Tago,” Moslan said.
Queen's face creased in confusion, but Moslan continued, asking, “Isn't that what you want?”
“Choose your words carefully. You speak before the Queen!” Minwa said in reproof.
Queen Aurora looked at Moslan nervously. “What do you mean?” 
“Forgive me, your Majesty. The people, everywhere, gossip about what happened between you and Tago,” Moslan said.
Onibas could see the rage and anger in her eyes.
“Gossip!” Queen Aurora said.
Moslan pretended to hesitate, and then he said, “He cannot marry his …. slave.”
The Queen stood up. Anger rose in her, gritting her teeth as she said, “He's going to suffer for what he's done.”
She looked at Onibas and said, “We will be glad to join you but under one condition.”
“Which is?” Onibas asked.
Queen Aurora sat down as she smiled an evil smile and started to laugh loudly. “Tago’s head is mine.”










Chapter 7

John and his team stared at the girl climbing out of the cockpit and sliding to the ground. She was in her early 20s with an oval face, short wavy brown hair, pale-green eyes, small straight nose and lush mouth. Otar walked with the confidence of someone who belonged here, and she smiled as she passed between them to take a look at the car.
“Primitive forms of public transportation,” Otar mumbled.
They looked at her in amazement.
She said without turning, “Go ahead, I am listening,” and she pointed to her left ear. “I have a chip in my ear that helps me learn any language fast. So, you have to speak to help me understand the words”
Cautiously, Thomas took a step forward. “Where did you come from?” he asked.
“Done,” Otar said.
Julia said enthusiastically, “Done! That’s incredibly fast to have learned our language.”
“No, that's not what I meant. I had just finished checking this transportation,” Otar said and she sat on the hood of the car. “I have already learned your language after hearing his words.”
Otar swung her legs over the edge of the car while looking around. “Such a beautiful planet,” she said and turned her face up towards the bright sun. “The sun gives a bright colouring to the clouds and valleys. It is so warm, and I can feel the energy within my body.”
She closed her eyes, stretched her arms up over her head and slid her hands over her chest.
Dene was looking at her when she suddenly opened her eyes and there was a bright glow from her pupils. He pointed his finger at her, opened his mouth to speak and stuttered, “H…. Ha…. Have you seen that look?”
He could see by the expressions on their faces that they saw nothing. Dene thought, “What did I just see? Or was it only my imagination?”
Otar stood up and then turned to face Thomas, saying, “In response to your question, I came from Ho Gene.”
“Ho Gene!” Thomas said, confused.
Otar smiled and said, “My planet is located in a faraway solar system.”
“How far?” Dene asked.
Julia took a step closer looking at her with undisguised curiosity. “We know aliens don't look like humans. Are you a mutant?” she asked.
“Are there more of you coming?” Thomas asked.
John moved his hand. “Hold on, folks,” he said and stared at Otar, thinking.
After a moment he said, “There are a lot of questions that 
Need to be answered, but right now our most important task is to find a way to cover things up.”
“From whom?” Thomas said.
John blinked twice. “The government and the people,” he said.
“But this is a national security matter!” Dene said.
John looked at Otar and then he looked at her ship. “Many countries spy on us and they will try to steal this ship’s technology,” he said, putting his hand on his hip. “I have a direct line to the President’s office.”
“You said no one should know anything about her,” Julia said a question mark in her voice.
“I need to notify the President first and tell him what went down. Only the President and a very select few of his advisers will know,” John said.
“I am sure that you are familiar with this procedure,” Dene said. “Where you go, mysterious things start happening around you.”
 “I have an excellent record in my department. But this is the first encounter with aliens,” John said. He turned to Otar. “Sorry, I called you an alien.”
“Kintaro has learned to live with the fact that they are alone in this universe,” Otar said.
“Kintaro!” The word caught his attention. “Is that the name given to our planet, Earth?” he asked.
“Earth,” Otar repeated the name softly. “'Oh, this planet is called Earth.”
She laughed and said, “Our scientists must modify the name in their space maps.”
“You have found us by using the map we left in the spacecraft?” Thomas asked.
“I used the map to guide me to Earth.” Otar said.
“Why did you use that name, Kintaro?” Thomas asked. “Where did that name come from?”
Otar looked surprised, and said, “I think a part of Earth's history is lost.”
She turned around, confused, and said, “You are a very primitive civilization. How did you manage to reach Ho Gene?”
“We have visited your planet?” Julia sounded astonished. “That’s impossible. We haven’t even reached Mars yet.”
“Your explorer team visited Ho Gene thousands of years ago and they told the ancients about planet Kintar. They described the seas and continents as I have seen them from space when I approached Earth.”
There were a few seconds of silence then she said, “I saw a picture of your planet carved on the old stones.”
The team stood staring at each other. Their mouths were open, but no words came out.
John exhaled. “Oh boy, we have things to discuss, but in another place. We are going to San Francisco.”












San Francisco City 10:00 AM:

The doorbell rang twice. A voice from the other side of the door responded, “Please wait a minute.” The familiar, feminine voice continued, “I don’t know why they call it a hair dryer.”
She opened the door holding a hair dryer in her right hand and said tauntingly, “It looks more like a ray gun than a hair care device.”
The man at the door glanced up and down before saying, “Otar, you will need some time to get used to such changes.”
“As they say ‘if you can’t adapt, you need to make some changes’, Thomas,” Otar said.
“At first glance I thought you would want to change the world so your people can live on Earth,” Thomas laughed.
“I have found out that Earth is suitable for life,” Otar said.
He stopped laughing and looked at her suspiciously. “You are joking, aren't you?” 
She leaned her head against the doorframe. “I am joking, Thomas. You people watch too many alien invasion movies,” she said.
Otar closed the door behind, saying, “You know what? I like watching television. It's fun, enjoyable. But it's nothing compared to what I got at home.”
“Eight days have passed since you came to our planet,” Thomas said. A smile lit up his face, “I'll never forget the face of Mr. Pavan when you sent your ship away to orbit Earth.”
Otar laughed, then her face dropped to seriousness. “If this technology falls into the wrong hands, it could be very dangerous,” she said.
“I can understand that,” Thomas said.
He pressed the elevator button, saying, “I like this neighbourhood because it has the quietest buildings in San Francisco.”
“I want to thank the President of the country for this 
Opportunity to study planet Earth,” Otar said.
The elevator doors opened and Otar stepped in, followed by Thomas.
As the door closed, he said, “I call it my good luck that they agreed you can stay in an apartment in the same building.”
“To study me or to prevent me committing any folly?” Otar asked, batting her eyelashes.
Thomas looked at her eyes. A strange, a powerful warmth penetrated his heart. He thought, “No one has ever been able to touch my heart before. Or perhaps I’ve just taken pity on her because she is alone on a strange planet.”
“I want to learn more about space,” he said.
“Sometimes a little knowledge can be dangerous, if you are not ready for it,” Otar said. She looked at the people on the pavements; teenagers, mothers with children and old people, barely able to walk anymore. “Your world will take time to evolve,” Otar said. Turning her face away.
She felt guilty when she remembered her mission. This 
Planet had no chance to stand against the Imperial fleet. On the other hand, Earth was ready to become part of the Ho Gene Empire and that meant protection from aggression from outer space.
“When I think about the universe, greed is the common link between us,” Thomas said. “Where a new technology is not bad in itself, some people will choose the wrong path and use this technology for some evil purpose.”
Otar put her hands in the pockets of her coat. “I assume you agree with me.”
“Sharing the same opinion means nothing,” Thomas mumbled.
“What do you mean?” Otar asked.
He kicked a tin can out of his way. “They are expecting something in return. The government. They will want new technology to make them stronger than ever before.”
“To allow them to take from those who are weaker,” she said.
A tree blowing in the wind caused leaves to chase each other in circles along the ground.
“The desire to control others is a common feature among all creatures,” she said.
“Not necessarily,” he mumbled. “For others it is the desire to feel safe and secure through the possession of great power.”
“By browsing what you called the Internet, the Earth has seen two world wars and estimates suggest that 80 million people died,” she said. “If Earth becomes able to invade other planets, will you exterminate the inhabitants if they resist?”
He took time to think and answer. “Our technology has not reached that point yet.”
“You know what I mean,” she said. “Don't quibble.”
He pursed his lips and said, “I can’t tell you a lie. We cannot ignore our history. There will be blood and death.”
“I recognise the hesitance in your answer but thank you for 
The clarity,” she said.
“Wherever there is good, there must also be evil,” he mumbled.
Otar spotted a hotdog stand and the delicious smell coming from it made her stop and pointed. “Those smell delicious,” she said.
Thomas smiled and grabbed her hand. “Come. Let me buy you a sandwich. We have enough time,” he said.
After buying their sandwiches, they stood between two buildings to eat and seek shelter from the rain.
“Whenever it was raining, my father used to prepare a cup of coffee and sit on the balcony to enjoy the sound of the rain slipping through the trees. A few minutes later, my mother would sit in the chair beside him and they would just stay there, holding hands,” Thomas said.
Otar tried to imagine the scene. “These sort of emotions,” she said. “I see and feel them everywhere. People here have learned to show their emotions very easily.”
She put her head down, thinking for a moment. “Things are different in Ho Gene,” she said.
“How different?” he asked.
“My people learn to maintain control over their emotions from childhood,” she said.
He stopped chewing and looked at her. “That's bizarre. You must show love to someone you care about.”
“We learned that we had to be strong, so we could survive on the battlefield,” she said.
“You should not suppress your feelings,” he said.
She smiled as her hands folded over her chest. “My sister Yoko is the only one I dare to show my emotions to,” she said.
He was about to ask a question, when they heard a hoarse voice behind a large garbage bin in the middle of the narrow passage. “Look what we have here.”
Three men came out of the shadow and one of them was 
Smacking the palm of his left hand with a small pistol.
“Give me your wallets,” one of them snarled.
Thomas stared at them. He reached towards Otar and grabbed her hand.
“Run,” Thomas whispered.
He turned, pulling her and started running fast. They were about to reach the end of the narrow passage when two other men blocked the way. One pulled a small folding knife from his pocket.
“What's the hurry?” the man with the knife said.
The gang surrounded them and started to laugh cruelly.
Otar had a very curious look on her face as she watched the man with the pistol approach her.
He looked down and stared at her pendant. “What beautiful jewellery.
Otar showed complete indifference to the hand of the man 
Stretching toward her neck and holding her pendant.
Thomas yelled out in anger, “Don't touch her.”
One of the men hit him on the head with a pistol grip and he fell to the ground.
Otar looked at Thomas’s face covered with blood. The anger rose in her chest, making her breathe faster. She turned her attention back to the man in front of her and there was a bright glow from her pupils.
She formed a fist and punched him in the mouth, sending him flying through the air and down to the ground. He looked stunned as he spit out blood and four teeth into his hand.
“Ooh, my teeth. You fuc.. bitc..” he yelled in pain.
He stood up and began to totter. “Grab her. Once we’re finished, you’re gonna feel some real pain.”
One man punched her in the stomach while another man jumped and kicked her in the thigh, both men bounced back as if they hit a wall.
The man with the stick yelled loudly, “Bastards. All attack her at once.”
The men rushed to attack her, trying to punch and to kick her, but Otar was moving right, left, up and down faster than the eye could follow.
She flipped with a leg extended kicking one of the men in the stomach and jumped in the air, sending her body spinning around so her legs could attack again. She landed on her feet and three men fell to the ground.
The man with the pistol took two steps backward and swung his weapon toward her. “You asked for it,” he yelled as he pulled the trigger.
“No!” Thomas screamed.
The gun belched smoke as the bullet left the barrel, accelerating toward Otar.
Otar reacted with astonishing reflexes and twisted to her right, allowing the bullet to pass just beside her left ear and hit the wall behind.
 “What the hell?” the man mumbled as he prepared to fire again.
Otar rushed towards the man, leaning left and right to avoid the oncoming bullets. As she reached him, she grabbed his arm.
His eyes widened in horror. “Who are you?”
Otar clenched her fist tightly and looked straight at his eyes. “You will never know.”
She twisted his hand hard and the pain forced him to his knees. “Agh. Please let me go.”
She pulled him up and threw him into the air to hit the garbage bin.
The man with the pistol let out a loud scream and ran.
Otar turned to Thomas and rushed to help him stand.
“You risked your life for me,” she said tenderly.
He wiped away his own blood. “I will not let any harm 
Come to you.” He wore an embarrassed expression on his face and said, “Though, you have managed without my help.”
She held his hands “There is a saying in Ho Gene, ‘all souls connected will show compassion.’”
Otar could feel herself blush and heat at the same time.












Ames Research Center:

John and his team were sitting in what looked like an operating room.
Dene seemed tense and nervous. He walked around the room saying, “We can't trust her that much.”
Julia followed him with her eyes, “Dene, you need to calm down and stop moving,”
She continued typing on her laptop. “Otar got a verbal approval from the government to do her research.”
“What’s the purpose of this ‘research’? Someone should ask 
Her.” Dene sulked.
“All possibilities have been studied,” John mumbled.
“Including Earth being invaded by aliens?” Dene asked, sceptically.
“She’s just one person,” John said.
“Did you know that hornets send a single hornet scout to look for a beehive. Once one is located, they will attack the hive with an enormous swarm?” Dene said.
Julia burst out laughing. “Sorry, I couldn't stop imagining her with a big antenna,” she added, with a short laugh. “Maybe your fears will come true.”
John tapped the desk with his finger and smiled. “Or maybe you're just scared of the unknown,” he said.
“We all are,” Dene said.
Julia slid her glasses from her face and set them on the table. “I have reviewed the results of her blood tests many times and I found something strange.”
The two men’s attention was suddenly focused on her.
“What have you discovered?” John asked.
Julia rotated her chair to face them. “I found a mutation in the myocyte cells,” she said.
“As far as I know, myocytes are found in muscle tissue,” John said.
“Would that mean?” Dene asked.
Julia looked at him and said, “The mutation is an alteration in the extrachromosomal DNA.”
“What are the results of this mutation?” John asked.
Julia put her glasses back on, returned to the laptop, and said, “I don’t know. Mutations can sometimes have large effects. They can be beneficial or harmful.”
“Mutation is a kinda rare event,” Dene said.
“Apparently you have some concerns,” John said.
She leaned back on her chair, repeatedly clicking a pen. “The function of the muscular system; that’s what worries me.”
John sat silently listening to her.
“The performance for elementary movements of her body are normal,” Dene said. “I watched her movement pattern.”
She pointed at him with her pen. “Let me ask you a question. You exercise regularly. Why do muscles get tired and weak after exercise?”
“The muscles produce lactic acid during intense exercise and that leads to you feeling exhausted,” Dene said.
She put the pen down then said, “Allow me to add, the extra oxygen you breathe in reacts with the lactic acid, breaking it down to make carbon dioxide and water,” she continued, “What would happen if your body limited the lactic acid in your bloodstream.”
Dene laughed. “I would become a superhero with super-strength and the ability to move faster.”
 “Because you would develop muscles that didn’t tire easily and produced a minimum amount of lactic acid,” she said.
A flash of understanding lit John’s eyes. “You mean the mutation in her myocyte cells probably gives her strength exceeding normal human capacity,” he said.
“Her power could become unimaginable,” Julia mumbled.
Suddenly the door opened and Otar was standing with Thomas, who had a very small wound on the left side of his forehead.
Julia muffled a scream into her hands. Dene slid into a combat stance. “Hold on, Thomas. I will knock you down, alien,” he said loudly.
“Calm down, guys. What happened? There is a lot of tension here,” Thomas said.
Dene lowered his fists. “I thought she …. I mean what happened to you?” he asked.
Thomas waved his hand. “It's nothing compared to what happened to the men,” he said.
 “What men?” Julia asked.
Thomas looked at Otar and said, “We were attacked by a gang, five men, but Otar kicked them one by one.”
“By herself!” John said, surprised.
Thomas nodded his head and said, “Yes, don't ask me how it happened. All I can tell you is, she’s a super girl.”
John, Dene and Julia looked at each other.
“We are doomed,” Dene mumbled.
John glanced at him sideways. “Let's change the subject. You both came at the right time. We have an important call to make,” he said.
He asked Otar to take a step forward. “As we agreed during the last week, tell them that you will give your full cooperation and I’m sure they will respond to your demands.”
He pressed a button and after a few minutes, a face appeared on the screen.
 “Mr. President,” John said his voice full of respect.
The President was sitting behind his desk in his White House office. “I guess I thought you would look rather different, being another species from another planet. I shall be delighted to welcome you, young lady,” the President said.
Otar flung a quick smile on her face. “Thank you, Sir. I hope the friendship between our two peoples should last forever.”
“I have given orders to allow you to do your research,” The President said.
He crossed his hands over the table and added, “We take our responsibility of maintaining international peace and security very seriously. This obligation leads me to ask you to help us develop our own knowledge and technology.”
“No,” Otar said, her face serious.
John looked shocked at her reply, but she hastened to say, “We cannot interfere with the evolution of inhabited planets. It could be very dangerous to your world.”
Several moments of silence passed before she said, “Well, all I can do is to put your world on the first stage of future evolution.”
“In all fields of science and technology,” the President said.
Otar held her left hand palm up, showing a floating hologram of a blue ball suspended in the air. She tapped her fingers on the ball and pointed at one of the computers in the room. “I will allow my ship's computer to communicate with this computer. If you look you can find thousands of scientific theories on its hard disk.”
John turned to the computer and rushed to check the files. A big, broad smile appeared on his face.











Six months later:

She was standing in a familiar room, wondering how she even got there. A breeze was blowing through the balcony causing the curtains to flutter.
A woman was standing outside, staring at the ocean. She took a few steps to reach where the woman was standing.
“I missed you. A lot,” she said.
The women turned to look at her. “Why have you done this?” the woman asked as two tiny tears fell from her eyes.
“I found him in that world, the man who I loved. You always wanted what was best for me,” she said.
They stood face to face, as the wind blew through their hair. “Otar, I am happy for you, but it will not change anything here.”
“Yoko, we can live together on that planet, there is no need to start a war,” Otar begged.
 “He is the only one who can decide what is good for us,” Yoko said.
Otar was about to say something when the room went entirely dark. Suddenly she found herself in the Emperor's Hall, on her knees as two guards seized her arms.
She looked up at the throne. The Emperor was staring at her.
“You have failed me,” he said, his voice full of indignation.
The Emperor stood, his face dark with anger, and crossed his arms over his chest. “I trusted you and treated you as if you were my own daughter.”
Her eyes filled with tears and the words were hardly out of her mouth. “Please. We can start a new life. We can save our nation and live in peace,” she said.
The Emperor turned his back on her. “You know the penalty for betraying the Empire,” he said.
The guards let go her arms and stepped back and one of them drew his sword. As he brought it down, she could see the reflection of her face in the marble and the blood 
Spraying out from a wound from her neck.
She lurched up in bed, breathing hard, sweaty and her heart pounding.
Strong arms wrapped around her, holding her close. “You had another dream?” he said.
She sat on the edge of the bed. “Yes, Thomas. I dreamt about that moment, when I will die.”
Thomas sat beside her, saying, “It's just a dream,” He hugged her tightly as he kissed her head. “You are my wife now and this is your homeland.”
She closed her eyes and rested her head on his chest.
“Is there no other way?” she asked.
Through a long exhalation, he said, “All we can do is prepare as best we can.”
“I'm afraid it will be useless,” she said.
He raised his head and looked up. “I wish we could somehow close the gate between Earth and Ho Gene,” he said.
She thought bitterly, “That would mean I couldn’t get back either. I’d have to stay here till the end of my life.”
Recognising the strong emotions inside her, he said, “As a physicist, I know that theories take time to develop. What is impossible today is possible tomorrow. What you have told me, and trusted me with, challenged me to change my way of thinking. I believe one day in the near future we will be able to visit faraway stars.”
“Are you going to tell them about my mission?” she asked.
“It’s too dangerous. They would probably be a lot less welcoming of you if they knew,” he said.
The morning sunlight poured through the window over the bed. He went over to open the window to let in some fresh air.
“I am planning to tell Julia and Dene. We have to work together without the intervention of the government.” He picked up his mobile. “Based on the information you've provided, I have a theory that may work.” He pressed Dene's number and mumbled while waiting for him to answer, “A theory that will take us on a journey through space.”
















Chapter 8

The activity started and ended so quickly. One moment he was there. The next, he was floating in another universe.
“Where am I?" Kuldar mumbled. “This wormhole seems to act like a tunnel connecting two different places located far away from each other.”
He could see a few nearby planets. A whole solar system that had not yet been discovered.
“Let's look at the space map,” he said. “Computer, can you identify our current location?”
“We are 1400 light-years from our planet,” the computer informed him. Kuldar checked the map, but there was something unusual. He tried to figure it out. As a space explorer and fighter, he would say that there was something seriously wrong with this map. He focused and saw a group of stars within the constellation.
 “You are bringing an old star map. Can you see that group of stars C1, C2 and C3?”
“I produced data according to the current map,” the computer said.
Kuldar leaned back in his chair, thinking, and quiet for a few seconds.
“Are your devices working properly?” he asked.
The computer performed a diagnostic protocol.
“All functions appear to be functional,” the computer said.
“Track down the Imperial ship,” Kuldar said.
The computer started the tracking and located the ship. The metallic voice said, “It’s orbiting a planet about 10 million miles away.”
Kuldar frowned and his voice sounded strained, “I don't see how that could happen. I just followed her through the tunnel. Even if she used the warp drive, she couldn’t have got that far.”
Then an idea came to him. “How much time has passed since she reached that planet?” he asked.
“About six months,” the computer said.
Kuldar shifted forward in his chair and rubbed his finger over his lips. His thoughts were racing. “There is something bizarre going on. First, the three stars on the map. Second, the missing time. But right now, I should go to that planet to defeat Ho Gene’s warrior.”
“How long will it take us to reach that planet?” he asked.
“Once the warp drive is in operation, we can reach the planet in less than 5 hours.”
Kuldar switched the ship to the propulsion system and prepared to enter warp drive. “Let's start our journey,” he said while the ship began to accelerate.

















San Francisco City 12:00 PM:

The coffee shop was crowded and cheerfully noisy. The waiters were serving breakfasts and refilling coffee cups for the customers. No one paid attention to the four people sitting around the table outside. They leaned together, in an attempt to keep their conversation private.
“I guess we agreed to keep it a secret,” Thomas said.
They looked around, then at him. “If you had asked me six months ago, I would have said, no,” Dene said.
He tapped his fingers on the table. Julia grabbed his hand and said, “Honey, stop being so hard on yourself.” She turned to the others, smiling. “He always does that when he gets nervous.”
“It’s my habit to relieve stress,” Dene said.
Julia tapped his shoulder with her purse. “That’s why I married you. To keep you in a good mood.”
He lifted her hand, kissed the ring. “I thought you married me because I am the only person in the world that can make 
Your heart want to explode from your chest.”
Her face had turned a slight shade of red, lowering her eyes, embarrassed.
Otar smiled as she wagged her finger at him. “Dene, stop that. The woman likes to keep a very special moment away from other ears.”
“Oops, My bad,” Dene laughed.
Thomas was looking down the street. People were hurrying towards their destinations.  A man was laughing loudly at a table beside them. Nothing warned of upcoming danger. Suddenly he heard the loud screeching of tyres. A yellow cab was about to hit a man crossing the road.
“Sam!” he exclaimed as he remembered something.
They turned to look at him, wondering.
“Who is Sam?” Julia asked.
“He is a cab driver,” Thomas said, holding his head in his hands. “I totally missed that!”
He ripped a sheet of paper out of his notebook, placed it on the table, reached into his pocket and pulled out a pen.
“Sam the driver, told me in the middle of our conversation that a black hole can act as a time machine and you can control the time by controlling the light’s speed and the direction,” Thomas said.
He drew a tunnel with an arrow indicating one direction.
“I believe that when objects enter the black hole, they turn into light,” Thomas said.
He pointed to Otar. “She's the best example. Her ship turned to a form of light.”
“We cannot really determine what happened inside the black hole. That’s a great theory, but not a fact,” Dene said.
Thomas nodded his head. “Yeah, you’re right. That’s why we’ve gathered here today, so I can present my plan to you all.”
They all remained silent while he wrote something on the 
Paper and then he said, “As you can see, this is an electron orbiting a nucleus. When an electron is hit by a photon of light it absorbs energy the photon was carrying and moves to a different orbital. The electron can’t stay long in the new orbital, so it returns to the original orbital by releasing the energy as another photon,” He took a sip of coffee. “Yes, let's continue. Light is sucked into the black hole, but for unknown reasons the electrons inside the black hole's horizon released the photons to the other side. That’s why it appears as a white hole on the Ho Gene side.”
Otar agreed and said, “Absolutely. It was bright, and totally opaque white.”
Julia tapped her finger against the paper. “I guess I understand what you mean. You want to try to stop that interaction and replace it with something else.”
“You're assuming in this case that the light waves can travel through the tunnel and this disappearing act came to be called a quantum leap,” Dene said.
 “Yes,” Thomas said.
Dene crossed his arms over his chest. “You’re wrong. I am not an expert in the field of physics, but you’ve missed something,” he said.
A slight smile crossed Thomas’s face. “I’m impressed, Dene, that you’re aware of this.” 
Dene looked happy at the compliment.
“Does that mean I’m the only one who needs more explanation?” Julia grumbled.
“Light can't escape a black hole,” Dene said.
Thomas extended his hand and said, “Let me explain. No object can escape the black hole’s pull. We’re not going to be receiving visitors from the other side.”
Julia turned toward Otar. “How do you think she got here?” she asked.
“There can only be one explanation,” Thomas said and held his index finger up.
“Dark matter,” he said as he put his hand down.
Dene’s face showed a lack of understanding as he mumbled, “Dark matter? I’ve never heard of that before.”
Thomas flipped the paper over. “Matter is any substance that has mass and takes up space by having volume. All objects you can touch are composed of atoms.” He drew a human figure with many dots inside. “Every human has billions of atoms. If our bodies were made of dark matter, we would be invisible and turned into a black hole,” Thomas said.
“In our world!” Dene said.
Thomas shook his head in denial. “Fortunately, that can’t possibly happen. Matter and dark matter cannot exist in the same place.”
“Do black holes contain dark matter?” Julia asked.
Thomas put his fists together. “A black hole is  dark matter.”
Otar turned her spoon in her coffee cup. “Black holes eject 
Matter all the time because they can’t maintain it in the same location as dark matter,” she said.
“A black hole has enormous pulling power, which creates a centripetal force. Imagine the centrifugal force that is equal to the centripetal force. The matter falls into the black hole due to the pulling power and as we said before, the matter and the dark matter cannot exist in the same place, so it ejects to the other side instantly,” Thomas said.
Julia turned to Dene. “That makes sense to me,” she said.
Dene stared at the paper for a few seconds, and then looked at Thomas. “How are you planning to prevent them from sliding into our world?”
Thomas looked up at the sky. “Otar’s ship. We can use a weapon called the electron bomb. This bomb causes targets to gain extra electrons. This, in turn, leads to the collapse of their atomic composition.”
He crumpled the paper. “The gate will be closed for many years. Hopefully, until we are ready to fight.”
















Earth's orbit:

The spaceship suddenly appeared out of warp and slowly moved towards the right.
“We've reached our destination,” the metallic voice said.
Kuldar looked at the small blue planet. The continents had arranged themselves on the planet's surface billions of years ago. Parts of the planet's surface were blanketed by clouds, which roamed across the Earth.
“Such a beautiful planet,” Kuldar mumbled.
He saw thousands of objects orbiting the planet. “Are these defensive systems?” he asked.
“Judging from the signals they are transmitting, they can serve multiple purposes,” the computer said.
“Send me the broadcast of the closest object,” Kuldar said.
The computer started to broadcast through the cockpit screen. The satellite was delivering television programming, 
Football matches, news, live shows and various kinds of television programs.
“They really enjoy entertainment,” Kuldar said.
He found the location of the Imperial ship, but there was a stillness aboard that implied they were unaware of his approach. He manoeuvred his spaceship into position facing the Imperial ship.
There was no reaction, only the reflection of the sunlight from the shiny metal. He realized that the engines were off.
“The ship is in hibernation mode,” he mumbled and pressed some buttons. “Scan the hostile ship for signs of life.”
“There is no sign of life, except waves of brain telepathy,” the computer said.
“There are no great rewards without great risks. Girl, you have my respect. You’ve left your brain connected to a machine. If your ship is destroyed, your brain will melt and you will become brain dead,” Kuldar said.
He looked back at the ship as it began to move away, 
Continuing its journey around the Earth's orbit.
“It’s obvious you didn’t expect me to follow you to this planet. You shouldn't have left your ship unsecured. Now you must face the consequences,” he said before pressing different button icons on the screen. Missiles appeared as blinking lights slowly moving across the screen.
“This missile will be able to do the work,” he said and fired.
The missile flew through the vacuum of space and exploded about two meters from the Imperial Ship. The blast was unusual. Thunder-sparks flew as lightning surrounded the target until all that could be seen was a ball of blue electricity.

San Francisco City 1:23 PM:
Otar screamed and held her head in her hands as her body shook rapidly. She shuddered, gasped and fell hard against the table as consciousness left her. Thomas leapt up, knocking his chair over in his haste, and rushed to her holding her shoulders.



The end of the free review

Don't miss the rest of the story. Buy the novel now at :

https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/1028530



