

HYCLOS
— by —
Angela B. Mortimer

Hyclos
PUBLISHED BY: 
Angela B. Mortimer at Smashwords
Copyright © 2013 by Angela B. Mortimer
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, or places, events, or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.
Adult Reading Material
*****
Hyclos is the second book in the series of Flawed gods, with Flawed Gods being the first book.

I’d like to thank my husband John for all his patience as I toil to get my books published and of course my editor Phillip Campbell, I’d be lost without them.

I hope you enjoy reading my books Flawed Gods and now Hyclos as much as I enjoyed writing them.

Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30


HYCLOS

Chapter 1
True to his word, Simune took Doella back to her family, but even here, surrounded by her loved ones, she remained in a grief-stricken half-world, unaware of her surroundings. This shutdown of Doella’s mind helped Simune get what he’d always wanted. He stayed on to help, telling her people how fond he and Doella were of each other, burying most of the truth so he believed what he said.

Psychological professionals gave her time for her grief to dissipate. But when she didn’t recover as she should, they agreed the only means to force her out of her deep depression was by reconditioning. However, it would mean losing the Doella they knew forever; her personality changed and many of her memories lost. Simune fought alongside her family to prevent it, and then he suggested a course out. If they married, Doella might heal. A Varan mother always put her children first; a child could bring her back to her old self. Unsure of Simune’s suggestion, but worn down by his subtle arguments, they decided to try. Xast and Prirella believed it might work, and would return their daughter, whole and happy.
Doella and Simune were now married for seven years with three offspring. She wasn’t the same Doella. She smiled at the antics of her children, but as much as she cared for them, they soon bored her, and she handed them back to Tira. Tira was Simune’s older sister, and she loved to play with them.
Because of her retiring ways, she’d not made any friends. Although people were proud she’d saved Varan, Simune was reticent with details. Everyone was aware she used to be bondmate to Takos, and there were rumours of many Earth lovers. She sensed Simune’s family spied on her, willing her to make a wrong move. Sure, Tira, so pleasant to her on the surface, reported her movements to Simune. She was right. Left alone with her thoughts, she’d gaze at nothing for hours, her mind empty. She had one friend, her mother-in-law Sicella.

Doella believed most Varan marriages were like her parents’, loving, giving and joyous. But she and Simune co-existed, his passion undiminished, hers automatic. At first, he didn’t worry about the change in her; how she responded when he touched her, how she rarely spoke to anyone. He’d got what he wanted, and they’d have children, so she couldn’t leave him. He was right; Doella woke up when she sensed her first child move.
As for Simune, as the months turned into years, deep down he became unsure of her, and he never left her alone for long. Just once, she’d have liked to sleep alone with her reflections, but he was afraid to leave her with those thoughts, and every night he made love to her. He was hiding from everyone the fact he was becoming more and more insecure. He realised she didn’t care for him - false hopes led him to marry her, before recovering enough to know her own mind. In his clever schemes, he hadn’t considered she might never grow to respect him. How could she not love him? He believed once they were together, without his rivals, she’d accept life as his wife.
She tried not to think about the dear friends lost, not just because of her pain, but because if Simune sensed it, he became angry and difficult. Doella was weary of her perfect Varan existence. Even Sicella, her only ally, broke the Varan marriage laws. Simune’s father, Mune, spent most of his time in a major city, working for the Varan Ministry of Agriculture, on the propagation of new species for farming. Sicella was happy because, with her husband’s blessing, she and his brother Ticune were lovers, and most in the house knew.
Sicella and Mune, still the best of friends, had apartments away from each other and Ticune’s apartment was next to hers. It was rumoured there was a secret door, which gave access to the two suites. Doella’s parents were happy together, and this household’s arrangements were strange, but she was grateful for Sicella’s friendship.
Doella felt relieved Simune’s great-great-grandfather set off on his last journey, and Simune had to attend.
Doella was joyous and Simune sensed it, making him angry and unruly. Before he left, he made love to her and noting her joy at him leaving even for a short while, he became so vexed he tried to punish her. After his violent outburst and want to harm her, all she thought was she must get away from him before she did the unthinkable and harmed him in retaliation. How could she hurt or kill, the father of her children? But she realised she must leave. His passion for her was corrupt; she was sure he schemed to have her and suspected he killed Carnos and Takos.

After he left, she lay on the bed crying in despair, unsure what to do, but knowing she must go. Her children would be cherished here; she couldn’t take them with her. Better to have one parent than their mother should murder their father. He was so unstable he’d attack her, and she’d fight back. It was as if they contained so much suppressed rage, and if either of them released it, the unthinkable might happen. She knew, too, it’d go badly for her husband. She remembered her power. Once asleep, it now reasserted itself.
Sicella, sensing something was wrong with her son’s leaving of his wife, came in unannounced and sat next to her on the bed. Doella lay, crying in the strange human way, which upset any Varan who saw it. Sicella smoothed Doella’s hair until she calmed. Doella turned over to face her.

Sicella was still beautiful. Varan only aged in the very last years of their lives when their enhancements are removed. She smiled and said, ‘Doella, if ever you need to talk to me about anything, I’ll listen and not judge. I’m aware your marriage to my boy is not a success. I’m his mother and understand his character well. When a child, he’d do anything to get what he wanted, and that’s what he did with you. Am I right?’ Doella looked into her mother-in-law’s eyes and, keeping her horrible suspicions to herself, nodded. Sicella continued. ‘My marriage wasn’t a success either. We both realised it early, even at our bonding. We did our duty, had our children. Mune left to work, and I took another lover who means everything to me. It’s not perfect, but it suits us. Unlike my son, Mune is a kind man, and we have respect and love for each other. But your solution isn’t so easy - Simune won’t help you be happy at his expense.’ She paused… ‘Your brother Hath is waiting to meet you. Simune told him he wasn’t welcome, and I know this to be true, for I was there when he said it. We walked in the city together when Hath asked to see you. I couldn’t interfere and contradict Simune, but afterwards, I sent word for him to come to you. Doella, wash your face and put on a pretty gown. He’ll be here soon, and I’ll leave you alone in my rooms, so you can talk in privacy.’

Hath had always been Doella’s favourite sibling. As children, they played together. They were close in age and looked very much alike. Doella was angry Simune refused any member of her family leave to call on her. Strange, but as Sicella said, she couldn’t interfere between husband and wife in public. It was unusual for a marriage partner to do this to a close family member.
Excited at the prospect of a visit from her brother, she got ready and went to Sicella’s rooms. Hath was there, talking to her mother-in-law. He stood up at Doella’s arrival, and she ran to him and they held each other. She let her pain flow; he sensed it, as did Sicella, who left the room. They hugged and kissed each other. Doella drew away and led Hath to a comfortable sofa. In the middle of the chamber, a cluster of rare Roz crystals on a low table kept the place secure. While they were in the crystals’ vicinity, they could not spy on their thoughts. Doella sat next to her brother, whom she’d not seen since her wedding.
Hath told her their mother worried and asked him to pay a visit. Doella knew Prirella was anxious, but couldn’t face her parent, who always guessed her daughter’s genuine feelings without needing to contact her mind. She did not reply, so they held hands in silence until Hath took something out of a travelling bag. Sark wore the ornament when they first went to Levos.

Doella jumped up, her lethargy gone. She accepted the trinket from her brother and kissed it. ‘Hath where did you get this?’
‘I’m helping to assess a primitive world with a limited early space culture; ships come from the sector to trade. I walked in the market when a man gave this to me. It intrigued me. Not only did he keep his face hidden, but he was very tall, and his hands were a bronze colour…’
Doella was dizzy, and her heart started pounding. Hath was puzzled by her reaction.
‘It’s Sark,’ she replied, her voice so thick with emotion she couldn’t speak. ‘Go on,’ she urged. She recovered and felt hope.
‘He handed it to me and said, “For your beautiful sister.” I knew he meant you.’ Doella nodded. ‘“Tell her we are waiting for her if she wants to come to us.” Then he bowed and left. I was due for leave, so I came home. I’ve been here for days trying to see you. As Sicella said, Simune refused me admission, and he left word I wasn’t to be admitted while he was away; very odd I thought. If not for your sensible mother-in-law, I would’ve done something reckless. She contacted me and told me when I should visit and she’d admit me.’

Tears ran down Doella’s face. Hath hadn’t seen her cry before, and like all Varan, it made him uncomfortable. They were silent for a while, as Doella thought about what she must do. She got up and looked out of the window. She’d made her mind up to leave before he arrived. Now everything was easier. She turned to the brother who cared for her enough to help.
‘Hath, please, aid me to get away. I’ll hurt Simune if I stay. I can’t stand the way he keeps me from my family and friends, he is so controlling.’
He understood. He’d always cherished his little sister. Like her, he had a healthy appetite for love, but none of his lovers had yet replaced her in his heart. He too was another unconventional Varan with no regard for consequences, so he said. ‘Yes, I will.’ He poured wine from the pitcher on the table and took a glass over to her.

Doella gave him an uncertain smile. ‘Hath, are you returning to the same sector? Can you get me aboard your ship?’
‘Yes, I’m going back. We’re conducting a detailed study; these people might be a future threat. The usual reason. As they evolve, they become more violent instead of less, but you know more about that than I do. But how to get you on board, Doella? I have a cabin, and once we are there you should be safe, but the sensors will pick you up if I try to smuggle you aboard.’
‘You forget about this.’ She opened her gown to show him her inert blue crystal, ‘They won’t find me, I promise.’
Hath nodded his agreement. Although he wasn’t convinced she’d get past the sensors, it didn’t matter; Doella needed his help, so he had to try. He downed his wine, and before he got his reason back, Doella called out silently for Sicella to return.

‘There’s no need to tell me anything, I’ve guessed what my son is doing to you,’ Sicella said sadly. ‘I’ll send your belongings to your parents, and I promise to take good care of your children.’ She walked over to Doella and hugged her. ‘You must leave, but I shouldn’t know where you’ve gone.’
‘I’m terrified he will follow me.’
‘He will. He is obsessed, and I’m scared for both of you.’
Doella cried as she said goodbye to her children, the eldest boy Camune, who looked like his father; their daughter Caello and the baby Simune.
‘Go,’ said Sicella. ‘If you don’t, it will be worse for you and my poor son. Someone will tell him something is wrong.’ She gave Doella one last, sad smile and fled the room, taking the silent, confused children with her.

Doella left in the dress she wore. Still clutching Sark’s pendant and carrying a small holdall, Doella and Hath ran out of the house, erecting an invisible bubble. They took a ship to Hath’s Varos base, where he reported for duty with an unseen Doella beside him. Just as she said, no alarm sounded, and no one sensed her presence, Hath took her to his cabin. It exhausted her, leaving, not only Simune but also her offspring and her life as a Varan. The only way back was disgrace and reconditioning, and she doubted she’d see the children again.
 ‘We’re both mad Doella; I’ve always said so. I couldn’t take to marriage either. And let’s face it Simune is strange,’ he kissed her forehead. ‘Rest while I’m gone, I have to report straight away and find out my duties.’
Hath only came back to the cabin to sleep. Like a bored dragon, Doella slept most of the time, waiting for an opportunity to visit the spaceport. She was happier than for a long time. She’d hope at last, and although her future would be insecure and unsafe again, she believed her freedom worth it. She told Hath the entire story, and he agreed she’d made the right decision; she was surprised when he said.
‘I’ve missed my favourite sister, and my job is ridiculous sometimes. These people will never be a threat to Varan. I’m going with you. I can’t leave you on your own. And besides,’ he silenced her protests with a finger to her lips, ‘why should you have all the fun?’

Chapter 2
After a few days aboard the base, they visited the spaceport on Craco, where Sark had introduced himself. Hath was given permission to go back and complete his observations. He took a small hopper and after a short flight, they descended unseen to the planet. He parked the shuttle away from the town for security and after using a bubble, they walked to the settlement, looking like the hominid inhabitants. It was a barren area in the early throes of space travel. The city was dark and unattractive, and was, as Hath showed, a place of spies, robbers, and murderers. Their disguises and changes to their appearance made them fit in, and for extra protection, Doella dressed as a man.
As they neared the centre, Doella called out mentally. I can sense him; he’s close.
She led her brother down brightly lit streets, advertising gambling, drinking and sex for sale. It was a dirty, hopeless place. The buildings were squat, with few windows. The people appeared unhealthy.
Sark stepped out of a shadowy doorway and pulled Doella inside, Hath followed. He took off his hood and Doella reverted to her form. They gazed at each other for a moment before coming together. They kissed, the kiss of long parted friends. No word was spoken.

It was a simple room. Hath looked out of the window, then opened the door and moved outside.

They made love, the pent-up feelings of those missing years making it the sweeter. Doella was so happy it affected stoic Sark and they both started laughing. Doella still giggled when she called her brother back.
‘At last, it was boring - I’ve seen enough of this place.’
‘Thank you, dear Hath.’

Doella pulled on her ugly Craco clothes as Sark got food and wine. Hath studied him, He reached to the ceiling and wore a loose gown, but it was his strange white-less eyes, which made him look so alien.
‘I am pleased to meet you, Sark,’ Hath said formally.
‘And I you, Hath, brother of Doella. And thank you for bringing her to me.’

They sat to discuss what they should do next. Sark had a plan.
‘Hath, I believe you came on a small planet hopper. Are you able to get something bigger? We’ll travel spatially, and in lamina too. I think it wise we have a bigger ship; we’ve no idea what we might need it for later.’
‘The only time a lamina capable ship comes is if there’s a delivery of supplies, or crew, or the occasional important person checking. We’ve short-range hoppers.’ He thought about how to achieve this hard task. ‘We have a larger shuttle, but I’d need to steal it, as I wouldn’t have any plausible reason for using it, but it’s still not lamina capable. We keep those ships near Varan… just in case.’
‘In case of what,’ asked Sark?
‘In case someone unsuitable steals it, I suppose, I’ve never thought on it until now. Varan likes to keep its technology secret. Doella must’ve told you how paranoid we are.’
‘No more than the Hyclos. Besides, I expect your sister will move it between dimensions herself.’
Hath didn’t believe him, but Doella did.
‘I agree, Sark’s right Hath. This blue crystal gives me more power than my bracelet or Hyclos one. I’m sure it can do many things I haven’t tried yet.’

Hath still thought of alternatives, ‘I’ve had another idea, I may steal - note that word again, a larger research vessel that’s presently in dock. It’s bigger and better equipped. Don’t worry, I’ll get it.’
‘We need a ship, Hath, or I wouldn’t ask you to risk stealing one,’ Sark explained. ‘I arrived here by going interlamina in my bubble and often found myself in open space, which as you can imagine is terrifying. Even if bubble failure is rare. After many more layers of lamina, I found a space-age race. Then by hitching several rides, I landed here and you were in the vicinity. I usually just miss you, but you’ve been on Craco for longer than usual.’
‘How did you find the base on which I was serving?’ asked a curious Hath.
‘I visited Doella’s old Varos base because Parsos was there, and I’m trying to treat him. I only had permission to keep him there thanks to Core. While I was there, I accessed the database. From what Doella told me, I considered you the best choice to get her away. Core told me I couldn’t expect any help from Varan - rather the opposite, they’d never let me on the surface. I accessed more Varos bases. Varans assume no one but they can find them. As everyone’s the same, it’s easy to get in, access data and out again. It’s taken a long time to contact you, Hath, and I’m sorry Doella,’ he turned to her.
‘It’s fine now, behind us. I’m glad I didn’t realise you were risking your life in a bubble in open space,’ she shuddered, then grinned. ‘It’s fine with a companion but alone, no thanks; and I understand how hard it is without a vessel. I’m so glad to see you. I was unhappy…’ She didn’t finish her sentence. ‘Can you find a ship soon, Hath?’ she asked her brother. ‘When Simune finds out I’m not home, he’ll come looking for me.’
‘I’ll go now.’
‘Doella, we must talk,’ Sark said as she pulled him back to bed. He looked so serious she moved to the table and poured more wine. Sark sat opposite and accepted the mug.
Doella was the first to speak. ‘Despite your explanation, I must ask, why didn’t you come for me before now? Hath has always served on the same base. And you have the technology to find him. It’s a long way from Varan and deep in the lamina, but ten years, Sark? Before I realised what was happening, I found myself married to Simune. I never wanted to be anyone’s wife.’
‘Why did you marry him?’
‘I can’t remember any of it. I couldn’t function. The stress of my “marriage” to Wylar. Losing my dear Carnos and Takos; and then this strange crystal,’ she paused. ‘I wasn’t myself. Simune played on this and my family agreed with him, believing it’d help me. Before I’d finished grieving for everything I had lost, I found myself married to him. Ten years, Sark! I thought you’d left me and gone to look for the Hyclos. I was so unhappy. The longer I was with Simune, the worse I felt. Our children didn’t help, as if they were not mine, but someone else’s offspring. How could they be his and mine too? The guilt over my feelings for them will never go away. He had me trapped. I couldn’t respond when he wanted me. It made him so angry, so I tried to pretend, but he knew. He was violent, and I almost retaliated. What if I killed the father of my offspring? I had to leave and was planning how. My children will be safe and have a good life, and soon everyone will forget I am their mother, even if I can’t. Sark, why didn’t you show up for me?’ Those strange tears were rolling down her cheeks. Sark reached over and held her hands.

‘My darling Doella, I struggled. There is something very important I must tell you.’ She looked into his eyes and knew what he’d say. ‘Yes, they are both alive. Simune pushed them over the edge, using a small energy bolt from his bracelet. It was Carnos’ crystal, which alerted me as he tried to start a bubble - I was very lucky to save them, and they were both hurt.’ Doella looked distressed. ‘They are recovered, but it took time, a time when I couldn’t look for you.’ She clutched his hands. ‘I had to save them - it was my immediate concern, to get them to safety and away from Simune. When they were comfortable and well on their way back to health, I returned to Varos to find you; but Simune had taken you back to Varan. He persuaded the authorities you’d be better off in his care and you’d make a quicker recovery without my alien influence. They thwarted my attempts at communication. Even Core couldn’t help me, although he tried. So it had to be Hath. The only one who might aid us without telling anyone.’

Doella sobbed. ‘I can’t believe it. I should’ve killed him. If I’d known this, I would. There’s dragon in me, perhaps more than just a little… and Wylar, why didn’t he come for me?’
‘I contacted him. His dragon anger made it hard for him to stay calm and listen. He was close to setting your brood on Varan, and if I hadn’t got you away, he would. You see, he saw Simune push them over too. I persuaded him, to let me try my plan first, it just took longer than intended.’
‘Simune might’ve endangered everything. My children might have destroyed Varan because of him. I know he’ll come looking for me. But I still don’t understand why neither Carnos nor Takos contacted the jurisdictions to inform them; they listen to Varan citizens.’
‘By the time they’d recovered, he’d married you. Simune’s an excellent liar and the authorities won’t endanger any marriage; you realise how hypocritical they are. I see what you mean about your race being less than kind to anyone who tries to bend their complicated, paranoid laws. We wondered what would be the safest route. We came up with various scenarios. But the only way to move you off Varan without causing trouble was with your brother’s help. Takos and Carnos wanted to come, but they agreed with me I’d be safer alone. If they were tracked down and taken back, then I’d have three to rescue instead of one. And if they’d been re-trained into being good Varan again, then I’d never be able to save them.’ Doella understood their reasoning and nodded, aware of how close she had been to being re-educated. ‘Trouble will follow, but at least we have a head start. I’m sorry it took longer than we expected, but we had to plan and avoid being caught by the Karish. We’ll be ready for Simune this time; we understand his motives now. Who imagine he’d kill his rivals to win you?’
‘It’s my fault.’
‘No, Doella, it’s Simunes, not yours. I imagine when you turned him down, he realised he’d never win you. But if he loved you as we do, then he’d let you go.’
‘Like you share me with Carnos?’
‘Neither of us would, if we had the choice, but it’s the only way. But Wylar?’ he frowned. ‘Wylar was hard to bear, Doella.’ She closed her eyes for a moment. ‘It hurt Carnos very much. And there’s more; with Core’s help, we’re living in Parsos’ old palace. We’ve made it comfortable and still have the Hyclos technology. I’ve taken Parsos there too, another reason for the delay. He is improving but still isn’t sane. I’m no expert in that field, but I’m responsible for what my race did to him. You’ll have to cope with those memories too.’
She smiled. ‘I can now. I’m sorry for him. It was Wylar’s fault.’
‘Yes, he ordered Parsos to humiliate you. He is terrified of him,’ admitted Sark.
‘Wylar and I have few secrets.’
‘So Wylar is one of us?’
‘One of us?’
‘Your harem of lovers,’ Sark attempted to discuss the subject with humour.
‘I’m afraid so,’ she answered. ‘I’m more dragon than Varan now, and confused as to what I am, or will become.’
‘Then,’ said Sark, attempting to change his serious tone, ‘add no more lovers? It is becoming a strain for the rest of us.’

Doella smiled at his attempt to lighten the situation. ‘To be honest, Sark, I don’t think any more could work. Besides, it’s a very tricky mix of characters. Hush, no more of this,’ she reached to touch his lips with a finger, ‘Can we go back to bed now, we’ve time?’
They were still there when Hath returned. It took them a while to answer his knock. Sark opened the door.
Hath was in a jovial mood, although he wasn’t sure why; he’d be in trouble if they were caught. ‘They say I am a sensuous man Doella, but my little sister…’ he declared as he came inside and saw her still on the bed.
She laughed and threw a pillow at him. ‘I’ve heard about you from several sources, big brother.’
‘So it runs in the family,’ said Sark. ‘Please, Hath, I’m happy you’re joining our tribe, but I’d be grateful if you’d keep your relationships less complicated than your sister.’
They took the research vessel into the skies above Doella’s Varos base to pick up her belongings. She was happy to find other Varan had taken over, and her humans still had guidance. Doella used her blue crystal to enter the facility. She realised a search would already be underway for her, and they’d come here. Although her rooms were locked and unused, some of her favourite pieces were missing… including a huge old bed. She grabbed clothes and a few special items, and once they were back on board, she asked why her favourite things weren’t there?
‘They're not on Varan. Mother or Sicella would’ve mentioned it,’ said Hath, looking at Sark.
‘It has nothing to do with me either, Doella. I’m sorry. As far as I was aware, they kept it locked. Core made sure of it. I agree it’s odd.’
‘I never thought I’d come here again. They are entitled to empty it of everything. If you are both ready, I can take this ship interlamina to Levos. My mind is at peace and I’m capable of many things.’ Her voice was sad.
‘Good, I’m glad. I’m lucky to be here and not floating around lost somewhere in open space,’ Sark joked; but deep inside, although he believed her, what she might be able to do made him as uneasy as it did Doella.
They landed on a flat roof at Parsos’ old palace. Doella was anxious to meet Carnos and Takos again. She ran to them, hugged, and kissed them.
‘I see what you mean, Sark,’ said Hath, standing back. ‘Loving my sister is not a simple matter. Who will she go to bed with first?’
‘Carnos, she isn’t sleeping with Takos anymore.’ Sark shrugged. ‘We’ll find you a suitable room. I’ll extend the power system and arrange for more furniture. You might as well choose what you want, although we can’t stay here long.’
He led Hath down a set of dark stairs to their living quarters. As Sark said, they were comfortable. Most of the castle was silent and unoccupied, apart from the rooms they made liveable with their technology. They each had a room, and there was a larger communal area.
‘We still work in the Hyclos base, looking for anything which might be of use, and making necessary repairs,’ Sark explained, ‘I’ll show you later. The only replicator is in the reception area.’

Hath found what he wanted, and they moved the furniture to his chamber with the help of levitators. When they were finished, Takos found Hath.
‘Well, old friend, it’s more than good to see you,’ said Takos, ‘but I didn’t expect you here.’
‘Ah well, it’s better than assessing primitive planets. It’s good to see you too, Takos. Please sit. I haven’t sorted the room out. It’s grim in here, isn’t it?’
‘You should see the rest of the place. It’s freezing, even in the summer. But Doella is so happy she doesn’t care where she is.’
‘Yes, she’s had a hard time. But what about you? She loves you, but you no longer share her bed.’
‘It’s better if we stay friends. Although I love her, we don’t want the same things. When this is over, and Doella is safe, I hope to go back to Varan. Perhaps I’ll find someone else to marry. It won’t be as it was with Doella, but I’m not cut out for this kind of life. She knows my feelings; we’ve agreed just to be friends.’
‘I couldn’t be so noble.’
‘You are alike. You need excitement and danger, as she does.’
‘I would like…’ he sighed - he sensed Doella’s love-making.
‘You are just like her.’ Takos slapped his friend on the back and laughed.

Later that evening, after their meal, everyone but Parsos sat close to a comforting holo-fire. Doella lay on rugs in front of the flickering flames.
‘Wylar’s coming,’ she said, jumping to her feet. She ran to the flat roof, her dress billowing behind her in the mild breeze.

Everyone followed, but unlike Doella, they were unsure and afraid. They saw Wylar approaching and heard the beating of his membranous wings. He landed on the roof, changing into his hominid form. He was a head taller than Sark, and he towered over Doella.
Hath said, ‘I had no idea he was so big.
‘Another room to get ready,’ Carnos grumbled.
‘From what we’ve learnt about dragons, he needs very little help,’ explained Sark. ‘He materialises whatever he wants out of the surrounding energies.’
‘He will monopolise Doella,’ Carnos’ voice told everyone of his renewed despair.
‘Doella won’t let him,’ Sark answered, ‘you’ll see.’ He said it as if warning his friend to be careful. ‘Remember, Simune is our real problem, not the dragon.’
Wylar’s arrival had changed the atmosphere in the main room from a comfortable talk between friends and lovers to an icy silence.
Doella tried to bridge the gap. She mind-spoke Wylar. Perhaps it wasn’t wise to come here, we could’ve met elsewhere.
Yes, the good Sark. He cares for your happiness, but I am impatient, I desire to be alone with you.
Soon, she answered, but it’s polite you meet everyone first. Please, this is very hard for them. She turned to the others, most of whom had resumed their original seats. Wylar stood in front of the fire, making the room gloomy.
‘Wylar, you met Carnos and Takos before.’
‘Briefly,’ he hissed. The sound of his voice made everyone but Doella uneasy. ‘They disappeared as I remember.’ He smiled, but neither Carnos nor Takos found this pleasant.
Please, Wylar, they're unaware dragons have a sense of humour… ‘And this is my brother, Hath,’ she continued.
‘Another one to share your favours, Doella?’ Wylar said aloud. Hath looked indignant.
‘Wylar, the Varan do not mate with siblings. He is my brother and my friend.’
‘Dragons mate with their siblings,’ said Wylar. ‘Our female children have hatched eggs. We are grandparents, Doella.’
‘Oh, how wonderful! I can’t wait to see them again.’ Hath’s look of horror at the reality of his sister’s relationship with Wylar silenced her. Doella moved to him and placed her hands on his shoulders. ‘Hath, Wylar knows we don’t mate with our brothers and sisters; but as he says, his race does.’
‘I am pleased to meet you, Hath, brother of my wife,’ said Wylar.
‘She’s not your wife!’ Carnos shouted.
Wylar turned to him. ‘Dragons rarely take wives; she is the first dragon wife. But dragons mate indiscriminately, so I accept my wife’s lovers,’ he said, with a terrifying dragon smile.
‘Wylar, please, I belong equally to you all,’ Doella said with surprising firmness. ‘I should just say I’ve three husbands instead and leave it there.’
‘And what of this one,’ he pointed to Takos.
‘He is my friend.’
‘As you wish, my wife,’ Wylar answered. ‘Where do we sleep, my love?’ In his mind, he said, I am empty; come fill me with joy.
Everyone felt Doella’s rush of excitement, even Hath.

Carnos stood up and paced the room. ‘I can’t stand him, he makes out Doella belongs to him and we get the leftovers.’
‘She belongs to all of us,’ said Sark, ‘and to no one but herself. We can’t afford to disagree; she will make sure no one is left out, except Hath and Takos.’ He laughed without humour and left to check on Parsos, who would’ve registered Wylar’s arrival.
As usual, Doella and Wylar’s mating was strenuous. None of the others slept either. In their minds they’d felt the lovers’ passion and try as they might they couldn’t shut it out. They were working in the Hyclos base, getting equipment in working order. Even Parsos helped. Working with a restraining patch on his forehead, he was capable of arduous tasks; but Wylar and Doella’s love-making made him lose his delicate self-control. Sark changed the frequency of his patch, and led him away, dull-eyed.
Sark soon returned to an angrier Carnos. ‘Now will you listen? Didn’t I say he’d try to dominate Doella and keep her to himself?’
‘Carnos, Sark is right,’ said the loyal Hath. ‘Doella loves all of you, and she will share her time with you.’
Takos was silent. It seemed so long ago since they bonded for marriage.

When they finished work, they returned to the main room. Doella ate an enormous meal. Wylar was sipping wine. He’d learned how to drink, but hominid food still disgusted him; he promised Doella he’d keep trying.
She smiled as they entered, but didn’t get much of a greeting in return, except for Hath, who came over and kissed the top of her head. In intimate mode, he said. If you don’t share yourself around, you’ll have trouble.
Understood, Hath, I realise that. She replied the same way. ‘Wylar has finished his room,’ she said aloud. ‘I think I should visit you in your rooms and keep mine as a personal retreat.’
‘Whatever you say, my love,’ said Wylar, looking under lowered lids at the reaction this brought. He too hated sharing Doella, his wife. He longed to take her back to the world he and their family had created for her; but he needed Doella to want him, not hate him as she had at first. He knew he had to share her. As if telling the others this, he moved to the far side of the room and sat watching under his half-closed lids.
Doella got up too. ‘I’m tired after my large meal. Please excuse me, I need to rest for a while, I’ll join you again later,’ she said and left.
The others ate a silent dinner, conscious of Wylar sitting at the far end at the room, and they went to the relative peace of their rooms early. When Carnos opened his door, he saw Doella waiting for him.
‘I’m not tired at all,’ she said smiling.
Carnos was still upset by his rival Wylar, but he went to her. She tried to take away his hurt and jealousy with her love, but it was so deep she couldn’t dispel it, but she gave him peace for a while.

Later she went to Sark. He was always easier than the others and never judged her or imagined she belonged to him, but gave her peace for her love. After another huge breakfast, she returned to her room to sleep off the night’s exertions.
There was a lighter atmosphere in the workplace the next day, and the evening was pleasanter. Even Takos was more talkative as if he’d decided not to resume a sexual relationship with Doella. Wylar too attempted to join in their discussion, without his usual word games. Their conversations were on Simune.
Doella spent some time on her own again, and when she joined the others, they changed the conversation. She ordered a meal from the replicator, and Takos poured her wine.
She wasn’t fooled. ‘You’ve been discussing Simune. What do you think he’ll do? I can’t see him able to take me back with Wylar here.’
‘Yes, we agree, but still, we need a plan,’ said the neutral Hath. ‘We’re going to Wylar’s world. He’s prepared a home where we can be safe and comfortable. Tomorrow we’ll attach locators on everything we want to take, and we’ll implant one inside Parsos so we can’t lose him either. The ship can’t carry much - we can put it in lamina storage, and Wylar says he can retrieve it later. We leave straight away, and with your help, we can achieve the coordinates Wylar gave us.’
She looked at Wylar. Are they right? she asked.
I am not as stupid as this Simune, my love. I accept these men into our family and will protect them. As you wish me to, for I want you to stay with me.
He spoke the truth. ‘There’s no reason we can’t go right away; except we need to wait for Core. I’m sure he’ll come here. He tried to mind call me when I first got married, but I was not myself. He is honest, and Simune ought to be punished for what he did to us.’
‘Doella it may not be the best plan. I say we should leave soon. We can contact this man later.’ For once, everyone agreed with Wylar.
Doella experienced a mental bombardment and put her hands to her head. ‘Stop it. I can’t think. Speak out loud.’
‘We’ll wait for a while since you are convinced he’ll come, but we can’t stay long. Every day we stay here brings Simune, and no doubt the Karish, closer.’ Sark was adamant.
‘Very well,’ Doella agreed. ‘The last time I was here I refuelled the weather-controller, but I’d like to see the king again.’
‘No!’ Carnos shouted.

Chapter 3
They prepared to go the next day, but it was longer than expected before the arrival of Core and Gote, his second. Core announced his intention before arriving, and Doella agreed to see him. She told the others, ‘He wants to speak to us and he’s bringing Gote with him.’
The Karish arrived. They were unsure where Core’s sympathies lay, but Doella felt she could trust him. She welcomed them both and made them comfortable, and as soon as the pleasantries were over, Doella opened the discussion in her usual impetuous manner.
‘I’m glad you came, I was hoping to talk to you about Simune,’ she finished by mentally transmitting his treachery.

Core looked sad, but not shocked. ‘I was suspicious of Simune, but I’ve had other cases. I should’ve kept a better eye on him, but once you are married, I must leave things as they are, unless I have permission to the contrary. I’ve wanted to speak to you since I heard you left Varan. Doella, I need your help and no one else can do it.’ It puzzled everyone. ‘I tried to see you, as a friend, not a Karish, but Simune refused. The Karish council have very strict, formal customs, and being a Varan matron differs greatly from being a single woman. Now you are a fugitive again, and as you have broken the rules, so will I.’
‘How strange you are pleased she is a renegade again. If you suspected Simune, why didn’t you act on it?’ asked Sark, showing unusual temper.
‘You don’t understand our customs. Marriage is sacrosanct. No matter what goes wrong, we are supposed to ignore it. I may not agree, but I can’t interfere. Simune was within his rights to say seeing me would do her harm, considering how upset she was. You are happy now, Doella, living your familiar renegade role, surrounded by those you love.’
She nodded in agreement. ‘So you won’t insist I go back?’
‘No, I’m not. I should, but I’ve made a personal decision not to force you. The propaganda says rogues are rare.  They are far more common than most prefer to believe. Varan life is not to everyone’s taste.’ He looked at Hath. ‘Most Varan decide fitting in is more prudent, and few want to run away.’
‘This is my brother, Hath,’ said Doella, late with her introduction.
‘I realise, Doella.’
You do, Core, she answered silently, does everyone know he accompanied me?
I visited your family home. Your parents are worried, but not perplexed Hath went with you. They said you were alike and close as children.
Yes, we were.
‘Why are you here, Core?’ asked Wylar. He alone could listen to their thoughts and feelings, all their emotions.
‘Greetings, Wylar,’ Core, inclined his head. ‘The war is over, but I’m surprised to see you here.’
‘I nearly came for my wife, bringing my large family with me.’ He left the rest to Core’s imagination.
‘We were lucky Sark persuaded you not to,’ Core said.
Wylar hissed and laughed, disturbing everyone but Doella.

Core recovered; ‘There is a Varan hybrid, similar to Parsos, unstable and set on revenge, more for the treatment of his mother than for himself. She is a Varan and close to her last journey and until now she has curbed the worst of his anger; but when she leaves him,’ he moved one hand in a hopeless gesture. ‘We don’t understand how deep his hate goes, or what he might do.’
‘So we have another hybrid?’ asked Carnos.
‘His father is an Earth human, from an Earth with a very similar culture and history to your own.’
‘Human and Varan,’ Doella mused. ‘Once I’d never considered having a half-human child, but I suppose now I have a dragon brood it isn’t so improbable. For Varan’s so-called perfection, it’s very far from being so in reality. I saw it through different eyes when I was with Simune. It is flawed.’ She turned to Core. ‘And your job is to weed out its flaws for reconditioning, Core?’ Her voice was a whisper.
‘Yes. Gote and I have admitted to each other we are disillusioned by the Varan method of containment. I think knowing you increased our uncertainties and helped make up our minds. Doella, we too understand Varan has to change or it will die, as do those cultures we take such delight in studying.’
‘Hopefully, it’s not too late,’ Doella said, staring into the fire.

Core and Gote looked at each other in secret communication. Core stood up and spoke. ‘With Gote’s permission, I’ll tell you the whole.’ He inclined his head toward his friend. ‘We are no longer Karish, but fugitives too. Simune has been up to his old tricks. He persuaded the authorities Sark has kidnapped Doella without her consent and we are complicit.’
‘Sicella knows the truth,’ Doella was indignant.
‘She cannot disagree with her son and keep her standing and that of her family.’ Doella realised Core was right. Varan politics were complicated, and Sicella’s first responsibility was to her people and Doella’s children.
‘He’ll never give up,’ said Takos angrily, ‘Don’t forget, I know him best.’
‘He’s coming here with a squad of Karish. They plan it now,’ Gote finished.
‘Let them come, I will kill them,’ said Wylar, his eyes shining malevolently.
‘You can have Simune,’ Core said to everyone’s amazement, ‘but those Karish are my friends and I don’t want them hurt.’
‘Then we leave,’ Wylar growled.
‘Wylar’s right,’ agreed Core, ‘we must leave.’

Carnos activated the locators. Sark went for Parsos and put him into sleep mode so he wouldn’t become agitated at seeing Wylar or Doella.
‘There’s just enough space for you on the ship, we can pick up the larger equipment at our leisure. I’ll go with Wylar to save room.’ Doella looked worried at having to face Simune again.
The vessel was airborne when Wylar and Doella stood on the roof watching the sunrise.
‘Well, Wylar my love, we must leave again. I’m always leaving Levos in a hurry. I’ve become fond of it; so much has happened here.’
‘You can fly on your own, Doella.’
‘Can I?’
‘Just do what I do,’ Wylar changed into the huge, gold-tipped black dragon and flew, waiting for Doella to follow him. When she caught up, he said. Breathe.
She expelled the plasma, which enabled the dragons to fly during long space journeys. I’ll never need a ship again. Doella laughed in her mind.
Doella, you could have left Varan and come to me.
If I had known, I would.
The others stared in amazement at the sight of Doella and Wylar flying towards them. Gote said what everyone thought. ‘It is terrifying a Varan woman flies as a dragon.’
‘She can do more than this, she never tried,’ suggested Sark, ‘But what you are thinking is, is she still Varan?’
They arrived at the first coordinates. Wylar put one enormous claw over the ship so they travelled interlamina, as the little vessel didn’t have the ability. As Hath had said, few Varan ships had been built for this manoeuvre, mainly the ones used to supply the Varos bases. Wylar’s power became more disconcerting as they saw more demonstrations of it. More unnerving was Doella could mimic him.
They passed through many-dimensional strata until they emerged from the greyness onto a grassy slope, green under a bright blue sky.
Doella was pleased. You are right, it’s delightful here, Wylar.
I didn’t want you to hate our home, so I found this planet for you.
Thank you, she said, moved by his thoughtfulness.
Down the hill stood a building of stone, assembled from real materials. Not just a dragon manifestation. It had large windows and exquisite carvings.
It looks medieval. How clever of you, Wylar.
They changed into hominid form. He took her hand and led her to the house, and the others followed.
‘It doesn’t look a dragon world,’ said Takos.
‘Wylar chose carefully, so she’d stay with him,’ Hath suggested.

Doella and Wylar paused a moment before entering.
‘Our children wait for you Doella. They are anxious to see you again.’
The group walked through an archway into a large cool hall. There was a long stone table in the middle and on either side several doors. They’d placed the windows high in the walls, and above them was a soaring, buttressed ceiling. Lined up in an orderly fashion were their children and grandchildren. First in line was Wylane, and she hurried forward to greet him. ‘You are like your father,’ she said, hugging him. He had Wylar’s golden-hued skin, his red-gold eyes and black hair.
Wylane acquainted them, they had the same colour of hair and eyes, but their skins were of different hues.
Doella was pleased. ‘They are so wonderful.’ She remembered her other family standing by the door and sensed their conflicting emotions and fears. She introduced them to her children, who towered above them, although the women were Sark’s height. Only Wylane was as tall as his father.
Carnos was shocked. She’d tried to prepare them, but it hadn’t helped; even Sark sensed they were losing her to Wylar, and their children and grandchildren.
The visitors were soon housed. The two larger bedrooms at the end of the hall were reserved for Doella and Wylar, but guests had to share accommodations. Sark had to look after Parsos. Carnos, Takos, and Hath shared a room, and Core and Gote another. The dragon brood too shared, but the rooms were large and comfortable. Clear windows overlooked the countryside. It was a lovely, gentle planet filled with mountains, woods, and grassy plains.
‘If it weren’t for Wylar monopolising Doella, I could stay here. At least we’d be safe from the Karish.’ Carnos said to his friends. ‘Now do you believe me? Wylar wants her to himself.’
Takos didn’t comment, but he too felt the situation was out of their control.
Hath answered. ‘I agree. If it were not for Doella’s feelings he’d kill all of us, but he knows if he did he’d lose her.’
Sark entered. ‘She may be a sensuous woman who lives for bodily pleasures above all else, but you forget she has others virtues too. She is kind, except when angry; and she has always been fair. Remember Doella is strong-willed; Wylar will have to put up with having us around if he wants to keep his dragon-wife. She also has the blue crystal, and Wylar, with his dragon wisdom, fears her.’
But despite their comfortable surroundings, they were uneasy.
After insisting Wylar leave her in peace for a while, Doella set to work arranging her room. She realised what had happened to her missing pieces, they’d been brought here to make her more at home. A few moments later, a female dragon entered.
‘Grandmother, I am Dolar. Wylar has asked me to help you.’
Dolar’s skin had a rosy hue, and to Doella’s eyes, she was lovely. She wore the stiff velvet- robe both sexes preferred. Doella hugged her, but she was uncertain how to respond.
‘Come Dolar, and let’s get to know each other. You’re Parella’s daughter, aren’t you?’ Doella’s easy greeting and caresses were so different from the usual confrontational customs of the dragon family and it bemused Dolar. More so when Doella took her hand. ‘What an ugly robe. You are far too beautiful to hide your femininity. Take it off and try on one of mine.’
Dolar did as she asked, but instead of removing it, it disappeared. Doella forgot they created clothes from the surrounding matter.
‘I forgot. I’ll show you what I mean.’ Doella took out one of her gowns and Dolar copied it. ‘Much better. Look at yourself in the mirror.’
Dolar preened at the sight of her reflection.
That night at dinner, the other females followed suit.
The food on the table was produced by the family in their gardens and fields. They made honey from their bees as well as growing many kinds of produce. Although they were carnivorous, Wylar encouraged them to feed on this food so Doella would be comfortable with them; even he had learned to eat Varan foods. But Doella knew despite this, they’d still swarm over their prey as dragons.
In archaic fashion, Wylar was at one end of the table and Doella at the other. Wylane sat next to her. He told her how they built this home for her, but they had their lairs in the mountains.
‘As you and father do, we prefer these bodies for pleasure, so we stay hominid unless we  travel, breed or swarm; but whenever we have the wish for real dragon-sleep, then we go to the deep places.’ Doella realised the difference between them, for he was initiating a mating. He touched her hand. You are beautiful and very different from the other females.
No, Wylane, she answered, I am not a true dragon, and my race does not mate with close relatives.
But you are dragon now, and we do.
Wylar was aware of what was happening. He gave a strange smile and said to her in mind speak. Their promiscuity is your doing, Doella. We usually mate only to form an egg - but your children do it for pleasure, just as you do.

Doella was mortified; she got up from the table and moved to her room, resisting the urge to run. Wylane tried to follow her, but his father forbade him. Wylane hissed and then was silent.
Wylar picked up two glasses and a carafe of wine and followed her. ‘Why are you so shocked, Doella? They are half you and half me; a new race.’
‘So they mate with each other indiscriminately?’
‘They have special favourites, but they enjoy the pleasures you gave them.’
‘It’s very different from my family life.’
‘Don’t forget I know everything!’ he hissed aloud. He walked over to her and loosened her dress so it fell to the floor. ‘I have been patient enough.’
Wylar wanted to make Doella happy here. He added a bath to the room adjoining her bedroom, and she spent a pleasant hour there the next morning, relaxing and adjusting to her new existence. Wylar’s achievements amazed her. Not only were they producing vegetables, fruit and honey, but had brought herds of animals to graze on the lush grass of the downs. It was no longer necessary to swarm to other planets and destroy life there; they had herds over the planet, and they repaired any burnt areas so they’d re-grow. Farming dragons? Doella couldn’t believe it. Wylar’s assessment was correct: they were half hers, the good with the evil.
She dressed and moved into the peaceful enclosed garden Wylar built for her, and enjoyed the warm sunshine, and then remembered Core hadn’t finished telling his story. She must find him. Everything was happening so fast!

Core sat on the grass beneath a tree, not far away. He shielded his thoughts from her as he saw her coming. Doella dropped beside him. Her dress opened, revealing her legs, and she did not try to cover them. Core’s eyes narrowed as he recovered his poise.
‘You never asked me to sleep with you, even though I consider you a good friend.’ Doella sensed his moment of unease.
‘Doella, you have more than enough men without involving me.’
‘If I offered?’ She was insistent.
‘One day I’ll accept your kind offer, but for now, we should stay colleagues. This home Wylar has made for you has complicated everything. Sark and the Varan are afraid. Their jealousies are simmering below the surface, please don’t confuse them even more.’ He sounded angry and then came straight to the point. ‘But, there is one man I need you to seduce. Can you do it for Varan?’
‘I did once before, remember? Hence this complicated situation, as you call it.’
‘You were not reluctant to see Wylar again.’
‘No, but when I first went to Zarn, I was frightened. This is about the hybrid, I suppose,’ she returned Core’s hard look.
‘I want you to seduce him, keep him occupied, and gain his trust so you influence him?’
‘What can one hybrid do, Core?’
‘He could destroy our race. Will you do it again, to save Varan?’
‘Yes. I’ve had lots of experience. Didn’t you once suggest I might join the Karish?’
‘If Simune hadn’t pulled strings to move you back to Varan, I’d have spoken to you. But you may not recall, you were very distressed.’
‘No, I don’t remember. I ask again, how can one disgruntled hybrid hurt Varan?’
‘He has allies we know.’ Core’s eyes hardened and Doella sensed what he was going to say. ‘At least one dragon stayed behind - maybe more. We’re sure they don’t perceive you and your alternate family, Wylar would know. It will be easy for you to fool the hybrid, but not a dragon. It’ll be dangerous, Doella. Which brings me to the next question; of what are you capable?’
‘No idea. I’m frightened of my abilities.’ They were both silent; then Doella decided. ‘I’ll do as you ask. I must, mustn’t I? We’ll have to involve Wylar or he’ll try to stop me leaving. You are right; he could kill you.’
‘Your children are disturbing everyone too. We knew they existed, but they only became real when we saw them. Our friends are jealous and fearful you have such a terrifying alien family. Please speak to Wylar. Without his cooperation, there isn’t much we can do.’
‘I’ll find him,’ she said. She got up and walked back to the house.

Gote joined Core a few moments later; he sat down next to his friend. ‘I wouldn’t have refused her,’ he suggested with a sigh.
‘You are more passionate than I, Gote.’
‘So you have always said, but I think you have better control, why you rose so high in our beloved Karish. I wonder why they encourage our young women to be promiscuous and then take it away when they marry; no surprise many of them aren’t willing to commit to bonding anymore.’
‘It’s supplying them with enough pleasant memories to see them through the long boring years of a Varan marriage, I believe. But you can’t compare the exquisite Doella to anyone else.’
Gote sighed again. ‘I agree with you, she’s not just beautiful but exudes the most extraordinary sexuality. I’ve never met another woman such as her. Still, no matter what he did, she is married to Simune.’
‘Not in her eyes, and next time she’ll be ready for whatever the Karish throws at her.’
‘Throws at us, you mean,’ Gote corrected him.
Wylar was as angry as Doella had expected.
‘I never promised to stay here all the time,’ she answered, annoyed.
‘I made you this home, and let you keep your lovers. What more could I do?’
‘I said I’d return at regular intervals, so we’d not lose our love,’ she insisted.
‘Love? Dragons do not love. I want our pleasures,’ he shouted back. ‘I become angry when I can’t.’
‘Please, Wylar,’ she cajoled him. ‘I promise to stay with you, but you agreed to let me go sometimes. It’s delightful here, and I am grateful to have such a lovely home, but I have to help my people once more. Then I can spend most of my life with you, and the others for as long as they will share me.’

They made love. Afterwards, a more malleable Wylar said he’d listen to Core’s story, and if he didn’t wish to become involved, then he wouldn’t hinder them. It was an opportune time to bring up the subject of Parsos.
‘Wylar, I’ve forgiven Parsos for the way he treated me,’ she said. ‘You forced him to humiliate me.’
Wylar smiled. ‘He didn’t want to hurt you, but he had a desire for you. I felt his want, why I tried you myself. Now, look at what we have achieved together.’
She looked into his infinite eyes. ‘I should hate you, Wylar.’
‘But you don’t. So I assume in forgiving Parsos, am I forgiven?’
‘In time.’
 But despite her words, she kissed him, and as she moved to get out of the bed, he pulled her back and made love to her again.

Chapter 4
Core told everyone the story. The dragon children looked confused. At first, Wylar said nothing. But after a while, he interrupted the discussions to say, ‘A Wild One is dangerous and will not take kindly to us; this will be our fight too.’
Doella smiled at him and said a silent thank you.

The Varan agreed to go with Core and Doella, but Sark was to stay behind to look after Parsos. Wylar insisted he must go to protect them, and Siress, one of their daughters, go with them too. The other children felt left out, and it took persuasion by Wylar to remind them their home still needed care. Although the party was decided, it took longer to decide what they’d do when they got there, and there was much discussion before they agreed on a plan. There was a Karish spy on the planet. Core and Gote believed this spy was loyal to the original plan; he spied on the chieftain’s movements and could introduce Doella to him.

‘The chieftain’s name is Haris,’ said Core, ‘he left his Earth two thousand years ago. The planet is called New Land. It’s a long way from their original Earth and has become a haven for many generations of hybrids and rogues. Haris and his full-Varan mother, Shulla, brought most of their human tribe with them - they heard of the planet from other renegades and found a way there. Shulla was no longer young when she had Haris. Their people have multiplied, and many others seeking refuge join them, and still do.’ Gote was the only Varan who didn’t show surprise. ‘They’ve been flocking there for years, so don’t hide your beauty, show yourself as you are. He will believe you kept your Varan genes. Hath, as you look like your sister, you will stay with her; you must play yourself so Doella has someone nearby. Wylar and Siress, if you don’t mind hiding until we find the dragon, then we may need your help. The rest of us will follow our spy’s example and find out what we can. The only problem is Shulla; but as she is without her bracelet and near her last journey, we should be able to conceal ourselves from her. Haris is so angry at Varan he has never allowed his mother to improve his mental skills. He will have simple powers, and pick up powerful emotions, and mind speech, so be careful. He is ruthless and primitive, and will try to kill you if he thinks you are lying to him.’

‘I’m more than a Varan now, Core,’ Doella admitted, ‘He can’t harm me, and I can make my enhancements disappear,’ she added.
‘We could take the spaceship, but it’s still possible Shulla might sense it,’ Gote looked for more help from the dragons.
‘No need for the ship,’ said Wylar, knowing what he implied, ‘we will take you there.’
‘Thank you, Wylar,’ Core said. ‘Sark, I’m sorry you must stay behind, but we can’t leave Parsos here alone. You may far speak Carnos and find out what is happening.’
‘My children and I can communicate over long distances and many strata without the efforts you suffer; we will tell the good Sark what’s happening,’ said Wylar.
‘We will leave tomorrow,’ said Core.
Doella spent the night with Sark, for they didn’t know when they’d be together again.
‘Will you wait for me, Sark?’ she asked.
‘Me, wait for you? I’ve been wondering if you still wanted me to stay.’
‘I’m sorry. Carnos is too, isn’t he? I admit I have been spending more time with Wylar; when I get back I will remedy it, please be patient.’
‘You know what they expect of you when you work as a Karish, even though unofficial?’
‘I will do whatever it takes to protect my people.’
‘Please be careful, Doella.’
‘My beloved Hyclos, I’ll come back. I know you don’t doubt me, but we both wonder what my capabilities are, and I may find out before much longer.’
The Varan were terrified at the thought of travelling with the dragons again. Wylar took Core and Gote, holding both of them in one enormous claw. Doella took Carnos, while Siress picked up Takos and Hath. They headed up into the sky and space. As the buffeting wind stopped, the plasma surrounded them. The dragons opened their claws, and the friends lay suspended beneath the great bellies, they could see through the haze into space. It wasn’t long before they were above a planet. The dragons landed, and the plasma disappeared. After a short bubble trip through lamina for those who needed the protection, they materialised on New Land.
Core took charge. ‘I don’t want technology unless it's unavoidable. This is by far the largest settlement - there are others, connected by well-used but rough roads. We’ll need a base near the major town, but not close enough so Shulla might pick up our signatures.’
The forest was stifling, so they headed up into the hills to find a base, away from the settlements. Wylar scouted ahead and found a likely cave, and they climbed up to it. The night was close, so they made themselves comfortable and settled to rest.
The next morning they were up early. Core and Gote planned to visit the town to find their contact.
Doella found an open spot where she could lie in the hazy sun, and since they had nothing to do, the others soon joined her. It was quiet, with no noise of birds or insects.
Takos was the first to speak. ‘It doesn’t remind me of an Earth planet.’
‘No, it doesn’t,’ agreed Doella, her eyes closed. ‘I haven’t seen an insect yet, although there’s plenty of flora. Pollination must be wind-borne, or the plants self-pollinate.’ She sat up. ‘It’s beautiful, if primitive. My guess is it was naturally formed - a great find for the inhabitants. I wonder who found it and spread the word?
It was late in the afternoon when Core and Gote returned.
Core introduced the spy. ‘This is Catern. As I expected, he is eager to help us, even though we no longer serve the Karish.’
Catern sat next to Doella. ‘Lord Haris goes riding every morning and passes through a small wood on a narrow path. You’ll have fallen from your horse and will wait for him there.’
‘Horse?’ Doella was surprised.
‘Yes, they brought them from their Earth. I have two tied up in the forest. If he asks, you will say you are from Blandish, it’s a small town on the edge of the territory. Your brother will ask for help…’
‘I’m sure you can take it from there, Doella,’ said Core.
Carnos looked sullen.
Catern brought clothes for them, and he pulled them from a large leather bag and handed them to Doella and Hath. ‘These clothes denote you as a widow, from a well-to-do family.’
‘Awful. How will I attract anyone in these?’ asked Doella.
The next morning Catern moved them into position with the two horses on the path Haris used for his early ride. Catern disappeared into the trees to watch for him. 
They waited a short while before Hath heard hoofs. I can hear something. Ready Doella? Hath was enjoying himself.
She did as told, opening the front of her dress and pulling up her skirts. Then held onto her ankle with one hand and pulling at the uncomfortable bodice with the other, as if she couldn’t breathe.
Hath did a wonderful job. He ran towards the oncoming riders, shouting. ‘Please help, my sister has fallen from her horse; we need a doctor.’
They stopped, but no one moved. Then the second in line came forward. He looked human but was taller. He wore a leather jerkin, which exposed his well-muscled arms. His brown shoulder-length hair was wavy, and his bright blue eyes contrasted with his tanned skin.
I hope he is Haris, thought Hath. Doella won’t mind seducing him.
I agree, his sister replied in his mind, before recalling Haris might pick up their thoughts.

The other man got off his horse and looked at Doella, as Hath continued to play the dutiful brother. This person whispered something to the handsome man. He smiled, dismounted and walked to Doella, who lay with her eyes closed, supported by Hath. She opened them as he approached, and tried to pull her skirt over her ankles, she fell back with a faint moan.
He knelt and Doella opened her eyes and looked into his. She saw him glance at her cleavage and then back to her face. He put an arm under her shoulders to help her. Hath brought her horse, and Haris lifted her onto it. Keeping hold of Doella’s reins, he remounted and as he did so shouted to Hath. ‘Follow me, you are my guests.’

When they arrived at the castle, Haris dismounted and lifted Doella off her horse. She smiled, put her arms around his neck, and glanced at his face under her lashes as he carried her. She didn’t look around but let him carry her up dark, narrow stairs. A light came from a door opening and he carried her inside the room and laid her on the bed.
He sat beside her and said with a smile, ‘My name is Haris, may I know yours?’
‘Lord Haris? My lord, you shouldn’t have carried me. I’m sorry my brother stopped you; he didn’t know who you were.’
‘I’m not sorry,’ he said, ‘I’ll send my doctor to you, and a maid. I’ll come back and see you when you have rested.’

When he’d gone, Doella lay back on the pillows. This wouldn’t be difficult, she thought. She remembered Shulla might hear mind-communication with Hath, so she didn’t contact him, but he arrived soon after, and in his wake was a solemn-looking man and an older woman she assumed was the maid.
‘Are you better, Doella?’ Hath asked.
‘Yes, much. I’m not dizzy anymore,’ she replied.
‘Excellent news, my lady,’ said the doctor, ‘they have instructed me to examine you to make sure you are recovering. Please leave us, sir, while I examine your sister?’
‘I’ll wait outside,’ said Hath, heading for the door.

The maid helped her out of the cumbersome black dress, and the doctor examined her. ‘You appear healthy, my lady,’ he said as he finished, ‘You will recover from the fall.
Give her wine and light food,’ he said to the woman, and bowing to Doella, he left.
The woman didn’t put the dress on but left her in the plain sleeveless under-shift. She curtsied and left too.

Doella looked around her. She was in a large four-poster bed, which wasn’t from Haris’ original Earth-time. It had carved posts and thick curtains and spoke of comfort from a later age. They hung the walls with ordinary tapestries, and a fire burned in the grate, which took the chill off the bare stone. There was no glazing in the small arched windows, just wooden shutters. A table and two chairs completed the furnishings. There were candles, but none were lit, even though the room was gloomy. There was a juxtaposition of different styles, and not just from different Earth periods, but from other cultures too; but they made the room cosy.

The woman came back with wine and small fresh cakes and pulled the sheets and coverlet over Doella. ‘My name is May, my lady. The doctor said you should drink this. It’s only a mild sleeping draught which will make you sleep for a few hours. Then I’ll come back and help you wash and make you comfortable. The master will join you later… to see how you are.’ She added.
She thinks I am a poor widow to be seduced by her master and is concerned for me, Doella thought. Then remembered Varea with fondness, wondering if she was still alive? If only May knew the truth. Haris must be fond of seduction. Well, I hope he feels as good as he looks. She drank the draught and pretended to sleep, waiting for the woman to come back. She wondered where Hath was, and then thought of Haris.

May returned. Doella pretended to struggle awake. She helped her wash and then combed her hair. She sat Doella in a chair while she banked up the fire. Doella still wore a thin shift.
‘I’ll leave you now, my lady. Lord Haris will be here soon.’
‘May, where is my dress?’
‘Lord Haris is bringing something for you,’ May said, looking at the floor. Then she looked at Doella as if she wanted to say something. She lifted a shawl from a chest and gave it to Doella. ‘I’ll see if he has found something for you, lady.’
‘Thank you, May.’

But, it wasn’t the maid who came back, it was Haris. He dressed in a loose dressing robe. Doella stood up, pulling the shawl around her. Haris looked at her and not saying a word closed the shutters before standing in front of her; he was too close and too familiar. He was taller than she was. ‘I’ve seen to your clothes, those widow’s ones don’t do you justice.’ He waited, looking into her eyes as if waiting for a reaction from her. How arrogant he was.

Doella let the shawl fall, he moved closer still, putting his arms around her, and they kissed. He pulled Doella’s shift off her shoulders and it fell to the floor, then he did the same with his gown and pulled her back to the bed. He ran his hands over her body, moving his finger over her nipples and between her legs, and stroked her. Doella shuddered with pleasure and pushed against him, and then she responded by moving her hands to his erection. They made love, and then again. Haris shouted for food and concealed their bodies with a coverlet. May came in with lowered eyes and left a tray on the table.
‘I think she’s upset you seduced me,’ said Doella.
‘I seduced you? It was the other way around.’ He got up, poured the wine, and put meat and cheese on two hunks of bread. ‘I may need this to help get me through the night.’ She sat up, and they shared the food.

‘Your brother told me what happened. How your husband died and your maid stole everything while you buried him. Now you are destitute and cannot find the thief.’ Catern came up with the story; it sounded far-fetched to Doella, but Haris believed it. ‘With your brother’s help, you have travelled a long way. A woman as lovely as you could have any man she wanted; you could have traded your virtue for money or another rich husband.’ He took her goblet and caressed her again. ‘Your husband was an old man and married you for your beauty, I am so happy he died.’
Doella, with her well-rehearsed sexual arts, made their love last well into the night until he lay exhausted beside her. She watched him as he slept, admiring the lines of his face until she whispered good night and fell asleep.
She woke to his touch the next morning.
‘You didn’t learn that from an old man, did you?’ he said.
‘My lord?’ Doella pretended to blush and lowered her eyes.
‘It doesn’t matter,’ he said. ‘How beautiful you are, like my mother when she was young.’
‘Is your mother here?’ Doella asked, ‘Will I meet her?’
She saw the pain in his eyes. ‘I wish you could, Doella, but she has gone, and the gods have sent me you instead. Doella, make me happy.’
She obliged.

Chapter 5
He left her. May came in soon afterwards with clothes and helped her dress.
‘He wants you to wear this, my lady.’ May held up a pale-blue Varan gown; it must have been his mother’s. She washed, dressed, and arranged the robw so it showed her figure to its best advantage. May brought food and Hath joined her for breakfast.
‘My God, Doella,’ he had picked up Carnos’ Earth slang, ‘it didn’t take you long.’
‘No, isn’t he gorgeous?’
‘Doella, don’t forget while you are here,’ he whispered.
She answered in mind speech. His mother has left for her last journey. Will you find out what happened to her remains, Hath?
I understand. Catern will know, but remember why we are here and what you must do.
Pacify him and make him happy?
And don’t let him do anything which might harm Varan, Hath added, angry. You are not here for a holiday. Doella, haven’t you done enough?
What do you mean?
Don’t be coy, it doesn’t suit you. Takos is broken-hearted. You know he still loves you. Carnos is too, but he believes when this madness is over, you’ll marry him. You won’t, it’s obvious to everyone but him. Sark is the only sensible one - he will love you as long as he’s able. He doesn’t expect to wed you, but when you part, he’ll be heart-broken too. I’ve seen you make overtures to Core, and he is older than our father - how shameful! Wylar is the only one confident of your love. But he’s stronger than the rest put together, and he doesn’t expect you to be faithful. Nor will he. Now, this primitive hybrid thinks he has found the woman to share his life. How wrong can a man be?
Hath, I was only saying I’m glad he’s handsome; he might have been unattractive.
It’s no use, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said. He thumped his fist on the table, rattling the metal plates.
Yes, I did. Why should things change? I love them all. I’ll take Takos back to my bed too if you think it’d help.
It would not.
Hath, I haven’t forgotten why I’m here. She walked over to the window as she communicated with Wylar, telling him Shulla was gone.

Hath recovered his good humour. ‘Haris told me to keep you company this morning. While he goes on his ride, he will see you when he gets back. I’ll show you around the town.’
‘Yes please, this building is fascinating, so many styles grafted onto what must have been an old hill fort, I’d love to look around.’
By the time Hath finished showing her the rambling buildings, he was his usual self. He ended the tour in a garden full of rose-like shrubs indigenous to the planet.
Hath, he’s back from his ride, said Doella, her eyes lighting up, and gone to bathe.
So he’ll be handsome for you, said Hath.
Doella ignored him, enjoying the scents and sights of the garden. It wasn’t long before Haris joined them, his hair still damp from his ablutions.
Make an excuse and go away, will you? His sister begged. He did, giving her a black glance.
‘Your brother doesn’t approve of us,’ Haris said, sitting close to her on an old wooden bench.
‘No, My Lord, he’s shocked. I’m a newly widowed woman.’
‘I’m very glad you are. It’d been a pity to murder a husband.’
‘My Lord, you are joking,’ Doella lowered her eyes.
‘No, I’m not, and if you stare at another man, I’ll kill him.’ He lifted her chin to peer into her eyes - his were icy cold.
‘I heard you, My Lord; you will kill me if I look at another man.’
He heard the change she made to his words and changed his manner. ‘I’m moving you into the chamber next to mine. It used to be my mothers. It’s as if they sent you to me in her place. We’ll join Hath for something to eat and I’ll show you the room.’
His mother’s room was still full of her Varan clothes and lovely old artefacts, Varan, and from the Earth where Haris must have been born.
‘Mother’s clothes will be more becoming than the clothes the other women wear. My mother was lovely too before she aged and had to go. She said she was going to my father, as in the old tales. She’d been lonely without him. He died long ago, and she never took another man in his place, she loved him so much.’ She sensed his sadness and remembered Hath’s words. Was she going to break his heart?  It was serious, not a game - as Hath tried to tell her, even if it was a necessary Karish one. She had more than a desire for him and didn’t want him harmed, but it was unavoidable. ‘I’ll leave you to settle. May, the woman who has been looking after you will continue to do so, if you are happy with her?’
‘Yes, My Lord.’
‘Rest, my beautiful one, and tonight I’ll introduce you to my people. May will help you choose your dress, and I’ll come and escort you to the hall.’ He made a move as if to touch her, but changed his mind as if something else awaited his attention. Instead, he kissed her hand, bowed, and left the chamber against his desires.
This new room was much larger, with two fireplaces. It had primitive glazed shutters. A large canopied bed with deep blue velvet curtains and silken sheets dominated the room. Shulla’s gowns were in a small adjacent chamber, and there was a basic bathroom - the height of luxury on this world. When Varan lived off-world, they had difficulty sacrificing what they enjoyed. Shulla intrigued her. She must have been old when she met Haris’ father, and if he looked like his son, she imagined how he’d impressed her. What was she doing on an Earth at her age? A councillor or someone important - had to be. As for having a child, it wasn’t long ago she’d have found it impossible to understand how a Varan woman could want a half-human baby. Now, in comparison with her recent conduct, it seemed mild.

Doella wondered if there was a threat to Varan. Perhaps it was a bluff on Haris’ side. She realised she could become careless. Neither she nor Hath had sensed anything unusual, although dragons were cunning, as Wylar was on Levos. But Wylar noticed nothing suspicious either. She assumed the dragons, like the Varan, could hide from each other. She must wait before jumping to convenient conclusions; she knew Haris was a powerful and ruthless man.
Hath knocked, interrupting her thoughts. He came in and kissed his sister’s forehead as if to apologise for their earlier argument. Helped himself to a goblet of wine and sat.
He spoke aloud. ‘I’ve met with Core. Wylar said there are dragons close by, but he can’t probe in case he gives himself away. He’s sent for more of your children to help.’
‘Hath, it might be wise if you left the fort. I can keep my thoughts secret, but if any dragons come here, they will find out you are a Varan. According to Catern, there aren’t any other full Varan here at present - only hybrids.’
‘Core said the same, but I worry about leaving you here alone.’
‘Hath, I can take care of myself. Please go, I’ll say you’ve found a woman in the town and you are staying with her.’
‘Doella, why the sudden urgency?’
‘Haris was going to stay with me this afternoon, and at the last minute, he changed his mind. I couldn’t probe in case he has skills - because he doesn’t use his mental powers, it doesn’t mean he can’t pick up our thoughts. I know you should leave.’
He nodded, and before he left he said. Shulla’s body was retrieved after Haris buried her. Doella gave a small nod back.
Hath trusted Doella’s instincts enough to follow her advice and left the fort. May came in soon after to help Doella settle in and get her ready for her introduction to the courtiers. She chose a gold gauze gown and matching slippers, and piled Doella’s golden hair on top of her head with jewelled pins.
‘You look lovely, my lady,’ she said, admiring her handiwork.
May tidied up and left Doella to wait for Haris. He was a long time. At last, he walked in without knocking.
‘You are exquisite, Doella,’ his eyes shone. He dressed in a dark red velvet robe, very unlike his usual leather waistcoat and breeches. Taking hold of Doella’s arm, he escorted her to the hall.

It was full of people. The fort appeared empty when she’d taken the tour with Hath. The chattering stopped as they entered the room and everyone stood.
Haris led her onto a raised dais and to her chair. While they were standing, he said. ‘My friends, may I introduce Doella, who is to become my wife.’
There was a shocked silence and short, polite applause. Doella stood there, unsure how to react. Haris helped her to the ornate seat. She sat upright, unsure of what to say. She hadn’t thought a man as important as Haris would marry a woman on such a brief acquaintance. Everyone talked to each other again.
She whispered to him. ‘My Lord, what do you mean I’m to become your wife? You don’t know me.’
‘It will happen as I’ve said - tomorrow. No delay.’
‘You haven’t asked me!’
‘As Lord, I don’t have to,’ was his reply.

The fort was in an uproar the next day. Much to her chagrin, Haris hadn’t slept with her, but kissed her at the door of her chamber and left her aroused and frustrated. She didn’t sleep, as if she was losing control of the situation. Haris outmanoeuvred her, and she couldn’t understand his haste to wed her. When she got up after a night of tossing and turning, May smiled. Happy her master was not taking advantage of the lady but going to marry her. Doella could not share her enthusiasm. She risked a far speak to Hath, and told him what was happening, and not to come to the wedding as there was something wrong.

She was led to the ceremony by an elderly, whiskered man, the leader of a nearby community. Doella went along with the ceremony, and soon flowers were thrown over her and Haris. There was the usual dancing and feasting, but Doella was divorced from it. It was as if she was being watched, and with it came an uneasy sense of déjà vu. This might be more pleasant than at Parsos’ castle, but she was spied on, she was sure of it. Worse, when she left Haris, as she intended to do, it’d be more than a mistress disappearing. It would be his wife. Not what she planned,

This presence disguised its real mental signature, and she could not probe it without giving herself away. She must find out what was happening here. At last, the drunken revellers led them to her bedroom and left them alone while they carried on with the celebrations.
She’d been silent throughout the ceremony and feast. Haris was concerned and pulled her close. ‘What’s wrong?’ he said and kissed her.
‘My Lord, I wasn’t expecting this. You didn’t give me a sign you wanted to marry me.’
‘If you were only my mistress, why move you into my mother’s room? I’ve had many mistresses, but never a wife.’
She was about to protest again, but he silenced her with a kiss and reminded her why he married her.
Doella woke up early the next day. Haris was still asleep beside her. She wasn’t having fun any longer; even her “husband’s” pleasing person was threatening. It was odd she hadn’t heard from anyone and it concerned her too. Wylar must have warned everyone.
Then she felt a mind probing hers! Doella buried her thoughts as deep as she could. She was secure in her powers but worried for her friend’s safety. Doella got out of bed without waking Haris, dressed, and went out into the corridor. She sauntered along, seeking to sense what it was, without giving herself away. A door opened, and she recognised what stood before her.
‘A Varan,’ hissed the creature. It was a dragon, in a very good disguise, but his eyes and voice told her the truth.
‘Who are you, and why are you seeking to read my mind?’ It was no use denying what she was, but Doella pretended to be frightened.

He grabbed hold of one of her arms. She feigned weakness as if he was hurting her, and pulled her back into her room. Haris was awake, and he sat up when he saw them. The dragon flung Doella on to the floor and hissed at him. ‘So, Haris, you’ve married a Varan woman and yet you claim you despise her race. It makes me unsure of your loyalties.’
‘She’s not Varan,’ said Haris, getting out of bed and helping Doella to her feet.
‘Let me correct you. She’s full Varan, can’t you see she’s far too pretty for a mere hybrid. You are thinking with your glands, not your brain.’
Haris lost his temper. ‘Doella, tell him he is wrong!’
‘No, Haris, I am a full Varan. My brother and I are fugitives and are on the run from the Karish.’
‘Why?’ asked the dragon.
‘I’ve left my husband and children, he plotted to marry me, hurt someone I loved, and I hated him for it. My brother helped me escape, and I learned your mother was here from another Varan rogue, once a Karish. We came hoping she might help us. She was secure here.’
The dragon hissed, ‘I can check your story,’ and he left the room.

Haris looked at her, his expression was cold. ‘I thought you wanted me.’
‘I admit I manoeuvred to meet you so I could talk to your mother and ask her for help, but when I saw you…’ His face was still cruel. Doella held up her hands. ‘Let me show you.’ She placed his hands on her temples, and let him sense the desire she had at their first meeting. They remained face to face, looking at each other. Doella didn’t move a muscle. At last, Haris undid the cord on her dress and let it fall to the floor, and pulled her close. He grabbed her arms. If she hadn’t been so strong he’d have hurt her.
‘No wonder you are so good at making men want you, you are an accomplished whore.’
‘No, Haris, I’m a young Varan woman and as many on Varan, I don’t like the constraints of that way of life - remember your mother,’ she added.

The emotions on his face were intense. He kissed her savagely, and she responded. He made rough and hungry love to her on the floor. They reached their climax when the dragon came back. He stood and watched as they finished, not saying a word. Doella knew he was watching, but Haris was shocked. Doella didn’t attempt to cover her nakedness but lay where Haris left her.
‘This woman has a hold on you,’ the creature said, looking first at Haris and then Doella, ‘Even knowing she might be dangerous, you let her pleasure you again.’
Don’t you know what bliss is? Doella said into the dragon’s mind and followed it up with a touch of intense brief satisfaction, so fine it was a sweet pain. The dragon recoiled and hissed.
‘It’s lucky for both of you the woman’s story is true; she is pursued by the Karish. Your husband values your pleasuring too; he has joined the Karish to find you.’
‘I don’t want him,’ she said. She stood up and faced the dragon. ‘Who are you, what race? I don’t recognise your physical form or your signature,’ she lied.
‘My name is Krat, and my people come from a system many light-years from here.’
Doella looked him in the eyes and gave him the information he expected. She added waves of pleasure with it.
The dragon backed away. ‘She’s a dangerous woman, and you shouldn’t sleep with her.’ He looked at Doella with a strange expression, turned and left.
She felt Haris’ anger at Krat’s insensitive orders, but he maintained his control.
‘You must not antagonise him,’ he said, unaware Doella attempted to seduce Krat, ‘he is very strong and dangerous.’
‘What’s he doing here? He’s evil,’ she gave a convincing shiver.
‘I’m not sure,’ he said. ‘Get dressed and we’ll discuss it later.’ Kissing her as if satisfied with her story, he put on his gown and left.
As Doella expected, Krat visited her while Haris was out for his ride. She’d prepared for him and sat in a chair looking out of the window.  Leaving her dress unfastened, it fell open and she didn’t try to cover herself. He entered her mind, and Doella introduced him to feelings of intense pleasure. She sensed his body responding, and Doella guessed it was his first time as a hominid. Doella remembered the lust Wylar had for her, she was sure she could coerce Krat.
‘You’re an accomplished woman, Doella,’ he said, trying to recover, ‘which makes me distrust you even more.’ He pulled her up from the chair. ‘Your invitation intrigues me, but you are fragile. If I do what you suggest, I might hurt you.’
‘I’m much stronger than I appear, Krat,’ she replied and sent him waves of pleasure again.
He lost control, and taking hold of her hand, moved her across the chamber, along the corridor and opened the door she had seen him leave earlier. A flight of stairs led upward, and he dragged her up to a simple room containing a bed, a table, and a chair. ‘So, pretty Varan, show me the pleasures you suggest I will enjoy so much.’

She let her dress fall to the floor and loosened his gown too. She pushed it off his shoulders and kneeling licked his erect phallus. At first, he was rigid with shock, but after a few moments, he moaned and swayed. Doella stood and pushed him onto the bed, and as he lay there enjoying the intense new feelings, guided him into her. She moved on him and felt her climax as he shuddered and groaned. When he finished, she felt the confusion in his mind. She sensed the same in him she sensed from Wylar when they first met. Wylar had hidden his genuine desires, but Krat didn’t try. She felt his hate but overcoming it was his passion and want for her. Krat was not in control as Wylar was, and she was in charge. He didn’t move but lay there in confusion. She dressed and left.

She bathed when Haris came back. He sought her out, eager for her again. She had a sense of being trapped, using her femininity and sex appeal to get what she wanted, and paying for it by becoming confused. Why didn’t I stay quiet and content with my lovers, she thought. Again, her early eagerness for the adventure was waning; this was real, and she was not only harming those she made love to but herself. She remembered this was for her beloved Varan, a place she loved but could no longer live.

Chapter 6
That night, Doella sat next to Haris for another formal dinner in the great hall. Everyone saw he was besotted with her. She sensed the assembled people hated her, especially the women, upright and disapproving in their stiff, ugly dresses. As if to illustrate her disdain for their rejection, in typical Doella fashion she allowed her dress to fall open and showed her legs. There was a gasp of disapproval. The reaction from many of the men differed from their womenfolk.
Haris noticed the varying looks given to Doella but said nothing. He was proud of her beauty, and their jealousy made him smile. Some of his mistresses were still here. He’d never considered marrying any, although it hadn’t stopped them from trying. At his mother’s ask, he had allowed none to bear him children. Shulla said “offspring were for marriage”, and he’d found no one he loved enough until now. To everyone’s disapproval, Haris and Doella left early. But Haris’ lust was denied as Krat waited for them in Doella’s room.
‘Lord Haris, I wish to speak to the Varan woman alone.’ Haris frowned but didn’t dare protest. ‘Follow me, Varan,’ he said and led Doella to his chamber again.

He locked the door. Doella loosened her hair and then her dress. It was obvious it wasn’t talk he wanted. She knew the craving in his mind. Krat was a fast learner. Doella spent most of the night teaching him the arts of love. By now, he was not thinking clearly or guarding his thoughts, and she learned something of the dragon’s plans. She buried them deep so as not to arouse his suspicions. There was more, but she’d find out later. She had to be careful.
It was early morning when a dishevelled Doella returned to her room. Haris sat in a chair waiting for her; the candles had burnt to their sockets. He was angry, and even more so when he saw his wife’s state of dress. Doella sensed she could use this to her advantage.
Haris stood. ‘What has he done to you?’ he asked, his voice soft and threatening.
Doella lowered her eyes and looked at the floor. ‘Nothing my lord, nothing…’ Then she ran into the bathroom, took off her gown, and sponged her body with cold water as if eager to wash Krat away. Haris watched her. Doella sensed he was angry, not just with her, but Krat too, as she wanted.
‘It’s easy to see,’ he said, in a soft voice, ‘what he’s been doing to you.’
Doella carried on washing and did not reply, but hung her head instead. Haris picked up a nearby pot of drying powder and threw it on the floor. It broke and caused a dust storm, which covered them both in white dust. She turned to look at him and allowed a tear to fall from one eye, making a noticeable tract through the whiteness of the powder. He didn’t find it strange she could cry. Haris came to her and kept her close.
‘He punished me,’ she said as Haris held her, and then she sobbed.
‘He’ll never hurt you again, Doella.’
‘Krat’s too strong for either of us to stop him. I can’t fight him, and if you try he says he will kill you. I couldn’t bear it.’ She clung to him, sobbing. He cleaned the dust from them and put her in the bed to sleep. Doella worried he might confront Krat, and it would be unwise now.
‘Please, Haris. Don’t leave, stay and hold me.’
He hesitated for a moment, got in beside her and held her until she fell asleep.
When she woke a few hours later, he too slept. She washed again with warm water May provided and dressed. Haris was waking.
She smiled, as if unsure of his reaction, and then bent to whisper in his ear, ‘My lord, we must talk. I’ve found out terrible things. I’ll join you on your ride and then we can find a place to be alone and private away from the fort.’

He looked at her with a strange expression. He understood with whom he was dealing and their intentions. It was up to her to change his mind and get him on their side before Wylar and her children tried to destroy Krat, and Haris’ world too.
It surprised the servants to see Doella join them on the morning ride. They rode for a short while, until they came to a small lake, in the same wood where they met. The groom laid a rug on the grass in a clearing and then withdrew with the other half dozen soldiers. When Doella was certain they were out of earshot, she sat and Haris joined her. If she didn’t get this right, it meant many people would die. A Varan didn’t choose to waste life, but keeping Varan safe was of paramount importance. She’d sacrifice them all if she had to, even her handsome Haris. First, she needed to confuse his wits, so she lay and stretched, letting the warm sun caress her body. She had chosen the most practical of Shulla’s dresses for the ride and she let it fall open, exposing her legs. Haris wanted her, but not yet.

‘Are we safe here? Can we talk? No one must know or panic will spread throughout your lands.’ Haris made a move to kiss her as he pulled her dress open but stopped at her words. She said Krat’s name as if she feared him or believed he could overhear their conversation. ‘Krat… had me last night, my lord, and once before when you were out riding. But horrible as those rapes were…’ Haris’ eyes hardened. ‘It enabled me to find out a great deal. In his lust he didn’t conceal his thoughts,’ she said looking at him, and added, ‘He is a dragon!’
‘I know, Doella.’
‘You do?’ she sounded shocked. ‘Haris, they waste worlds, burn them to ashes? They eat people and animals!’ Her eyes were wide with astonishment. ‘You are powerless to stop them,’ she touched his face, ‘but I’ve friends who may come to our aid.’
Haris looked at her, his eyes still hard. ‘Who?’
‘Friends who aided Varan - they are a powerful race.’ The dragon wouldn’t tell him what happened on Varan.  ‘Did your mother meet him?’ She saw a flash of anger in his eyes. Careful, Doella, she said to herself, don’t lose him. Aloud, she said. ‘She’d know what the dragons tried to do to Varan. Even so far away. As a fugitive, and unable to return, she couldn’t bear the thought of Varan destroyed, its beauty gone. It created me, and although it sees me as an imperfection, I do not. I’m just different from most Varan.’
His anger disappeared, and he listened. He nodded; the danger was over for now. Doella felt relieved. She was silent.
Haris spoke. ‘Mother left for her Final Journey before Krat’s arrival.’
So he knew a ship came for her, but who asked for it? It was odd he said “the Final Journey” so reverently, when he hated all Varan stood for - Shulla must’ve prepared him well.

Doella felt relief Shulla wasn’t involved. ‘Even as fugitives, your mother, and I couldn’t see Varan destroyed. Though we’ve anger because of the way our world treated us, we wouldn’t suffer it gone.’ She touched his face again. ‘We won’t let them end this planet either.’
He spoke without thinking, telling Doella of his involvement. ‘It isn’t this planet they are after; they still want to destroy Varan.’
‘They can’t succeed. We broke them. Did your mother say Varan was destroyed?’ He shook his head. ‘We beat them back, we assumed they'd returned to their home world, but some must have stayed. I wonder how many there are?’ Haris looked puzzled; he was unsure what Doella told him. She moved between Varan and his own home. Was it Varan they were after, or were they lying to him? Was his planet the one they planned to consume? Doella felt his confusion and struck hard. ‘No, they’d not try to destroy Varan again. It must be this planet. They lay a hoard of eggs somewhere nearby, and when they hatch, the dragons fly to their chosen area and continue their endless path of destruction. I thought our fight was over, but my love, it’s starting again.’

He cried, tears running down his face. Doella reopened his grief, grief at his mother’s death and exclusion from her race and family. Worse, they took her body as if he were unimportant to her; and now tricked by these menacing creatures. She knew they wouldn’t spare this planet and held him close while he recovered. He still cried, his face on her breasts. She moved to the lake edge, wet the bottom of her gown, and wiped away his tears. He recovered, but she realised his heart hurt. She kissed him and he responded.
By the time they got back to the castle, the old Haris re-emerged. These people were living in an early medieval society, and the warrior male was an all-important icon. She saw the determination on his face, but Krat could turn him against her again if he discovered the truth of her seduction of the dragon. All she could hope for was Haris wouldn’t believe him, but he was volatile, and she was unsure of him. Her only weapon was his lust for her. Krat waited in her room, and Haris was furious. Doella had to stop him confronting Krat and dying, so she turned to him, her eyes pleading with him not to interfere and to remember what was at stake.
Please, Krat, she said mentally. He’s furious at our pleasuring and doesn’t want to share me. I told him if you get angry, you will destroy the fort and the town, and that’s why I’m agreeing to you having my body.
But in reality, you are just a whore. I don’t trust you, Doella. He took her hand as if to lead her away.
‘No, Krat,’ she said.
It surprised her to hear another dragon call. Krat let go of her hand and hissed in disappointment. ‘I must leave you both for a short while, but I will be back later.’

Haris’ anger had grown to where he’d soon lose control.
‘Haris, I need to speak to my brother, but not here. Come with me to his lodging, meet our friends too.’
He didn’t answer. She sensed Krat and the other dragon were arguing, so while safe, she far-spoke everyone, including a very impatient Wylar. Beloved, keep your thoughts buried deep, don’t probe the other dragons, they mustn’t sense you. She sent a message to Hath and Core telling them to meet her in Hath’s rooms in the town. And to be careful before they spoke and take their cue from her as to the story.  She’d told Haris a concoction of truths, half-truths and lies.
Haris and Doella left the castle disguised in hooded cloaks. They found Hath’s lodging at an inn; he lived with one of the young women who worked downstairs. When Haris and Doella entered, he gave her money to buy something while he spoke to his sister and her friend.
‘Don’t rush back, sweetheart, we may be a while,’ he kissed the pretty, dark-haired girl.

When she left, they took off the heavy cloaks, which hid their identities. Soon after, Core arrived. They sat around the table. Doella reminded Core and Hath to be careful what they said aloud.
Doella opened the discussion. ‘There are at least two dragons here.’
‘Why are they here?’ asked Hath at Doella’s prompting, ‘why not just eat everyone, and burn the planet up as normal? It makes little sense - they are not creatures who lurk in the shadows.’
‘Perhaps they are breeding,’ she answered, ‘I agree it’s not very dragon-like to hide.’
As if deciding, Haris said. ‘I know why they are here.’
Doella turned to him with a puzzled look. ‘You didn’t tell me.’
He reached for her hand. ‘I’m sorry - I’m still not sure whether I trust you. When I thought you were a hybrid…, I was so happy to have you as my wife, but now?’
‘What are they doing here?’ asked Core.
Haris gave him a hard look. ‘You are her friend, the Karish.’
‘Yes,’ answered Core, taking his cue from Doella, ‘we are old friends.’
Haris frowned. ‘You knew my mother was here, why didn’t you try to take her back?’
‘She wasn’t harming anyone,’ answered Core, ‘she was doing us a favour, taking in hybrids. We didn’t know what else to do with them. Contrary to popular belief, we don’t kill them now, and haven’t for a long time.’
Haris stood.
Doella pulled him into his seat. ‘My love, Core is no longer Karish. Like us, he’s disillusioned with Varan and is also a fugitive.’ Haris’ anger died a little.
‘Doella is right. I’m not a Karish, we are trying to discover a place to hide and to live our lives without running and looking over our shoulders, but with dragons here we must find somewhere else.’
Haris was unconvinced. He looked at each of them before saying, ‘They are looking for a small blue crystal. They say it’s a religious symbol and they believe it’s here. Before we settled here, another race populated the planet, but it was many years ago. We found ruins and intact buildings. We don’t go near them. Men went to explore them and never returned.’

Doella stopped breathing; she heard her heart beating loud in her ears. A small blue crystal, she said. If it’s similar to the one the Rosarians gave me, it is power. But why would the dragons want it? They don’t need it.
Core answered her. We realise your crystal has substantial power, but you can’t use it fully yet. The dragons may know.
‘Doella, are you all right?’ She heard Haris speaking to her. ‘Doella?’ he repeated.
She regained control and smiled to reassure him. ‘I don’t understand why they’d look for a blue crystal. Dragons don’t have possessions or religions, it makes little sense.’

Haris decided. ‘Doella, I am ashamed of what I’ve done. I hated Varan and wished to destroy it. They promised they’d leave us alone if I let them stay here; they said they were only interested in Varan, and I was so full of loathing. I was wrong, hate blinded me, but I understood what their intentions were. Then you came to me, I saw your loveliness, and I felt your warmth. I needed to bury myself in your beauty, in your body. It helped me to cope with my self-deception… or I thought it did. But when Krat took you, I realised what a fool I’d been.’
‘I wondered why you married my sister with such haste,’ said Hath unwisely, ‘She is beautiful, but a devil of a woman - everyone wants her, and she swore she’d marry no one again. Well, Haris, now you’ve more trouble than just Doella.’
Doella stood up and placed her hands on Haris’ shoulders to reassure him. He put his hands on hers and she leant to kiss him and then sat again.

We are all in this together now, she said. What shall we do next?
Core answered her the same way. It’s difficult for you, Doella, but try to get more information from Krat and his friend. He added aloud. ‘I’ve friends here, with their help we may find this crystal before these dragons do.’
‘Core,’ Haris said as if he guessed their secret communication. ‘I don’t want Doella going anywhere near Krat. When he takes her from me, it drives me mad.’ He was angry again.
‘This is more important than your relationship with Doella. The dragons will destroy your world when they find what they came for, and nobody wants that to happen. We must use Doella’s skills. Besides, we couldn’t stop him. He would take her anyway,’
‘Doella says you’ve allies who may come to our aid. Is this true?’
‘Yes,’ answered Core, looking at Doella. ‘But they are not here yet, so we’ll do the best we can for the moment.’

Haris wasn’t happy, even though he’d decided to oppose the dragons. The thought of Krat touching Doella and the idea she might still sleep with the Karish made her untrustworthy in his eyes. He longed to trust her, but aware her beauty and sexual magnetism had affected his reasoning.
Doella was reluctant to go to the fort, and face Krat, but she did. Back in her room, she made Haris an offer.
‘Make love to me, Haris, and I will open your mind to real Varan love. I can enhance your unused mental powers if you agree.’
He responded by kissing her. True to her word, she let him enjoy the joy and passion in her mind and joined with him.
I don’t know what I would do if you left me, Doella, he said to her.
She answered him the same way. Haris, if we don’t stop these dragons, we will have no future together; in fact, we’ll have no future at all.

Chapter 7
Still, on Wylar’s planet, Sark had little idea what was happening on the other world. Once Krat was discovered, they kept communications to an absolute minimum. The dragons terrified Parsos, even though they left him alone, and Sark despaired of ever curing him. He had to lock him in their room.

There were only two of Doella’s dragon family on the home planet. The others joined their father in case more wild ones came to the aid of Krat. They took turns mentally scanning for Simune and the Karish. Sark was sure they’d be located soon and prepared for them. With Carnos’ help, he had perfected a bracelet dampener and he, Sitar, and Zuess had one strapped to their arms. When the Karish arrived, the plan was to disarm their weapons and bracelets and then confine them until the family returned. Sark felt alone without Doella and Carnos. He wanted this part over and done.
Doella and Haris spent their time talking.
‘Haris, didn’t your mother ever try to teach you how to use your mental powers? Although you’d have limits being only half Varan, you’d have excellent skills, as you can see it enhances our lovemaking too. I’ve had human lovers, it’s different loving a telepath.’
‘I wish my mother were here. She’d have liked you. I wouldn’t let her give me Varan skills, I was far too angry with her people. As I told you, my father died so long ago it’s hard to remember him. Mother said I’d have a lengthy life. She missed my father and never took another lover. He was the primitive chieftain of a tribe of marauding warriors, and mother loved him. Despite their differences, she saw things in him no one else did. Have you ever wanted to stay with a human, Doella?’
She was silent for a while before she replied. ‘Yes, a few times, but they got old too fast. I had to leave because I never changed. I made myself look older, but it takes energy to support it. I was vain, selfish, and lazy; but in reality, I didn’t want to see them die. It terrified me, and still does. I’ve never admitted it. I always found a good excuse to leave. Your mother was braver than I.’
‘I love you, Doella,’ he said as he ran a finger down her face to her lips.
‘I’m going to hurt you one day, Haris,’ she conceded with surprising honesty.
‘Yes, your brother tried to tell me, but not today.’

They spent the rest of the night in each other’s arms. Doella cared more for Haris than she wanted. He wouldn’t grow old like a human so there was no excuse for leaving him. She sat near the window watching the sunrise, while Haris slept. Why can’t I be as his mother? She thought, have just one lover, and stay with him no matter what. I am flawed, I must be. I’ve too many lovers now and Haris too. It was to be a quick seduction, but look what’s happened; I’ve become involved again. Imagine if I joined the Karish and seduced men for a living? Krat will come for me soon. At least I don’t want him, he has no kindness. I wish he’d hurry so I can finish it. I wonder why I love Wylar so much - why is mind is different. I might have to seduce the other dragon too. I’ve had enough of being Karish. If I didn’t have my crystal, I wouldn’t have the strength of body or mind to cope with it.
She and Haris had another day together. They were in the rose garden when Krat came for her. Doella touched Haris’ arm and said. I must go, my love.
‘So,’ said Krat, ‘the pretty Varan is teaching you mind-speech. Well, sense her as I take her and hear her screaming with pleasure.’
‘Stop Krat,’ said Doella. Her autocratic tone surprised both of them. ‘I will come with you but leave my husband alone. Your taunts are annoying us, and you still need help, don’t you?’
‘You have told her, you fool!’
Doella gripped Krat’s arm, as he was ready to strike Haris. Her strength amazed him. Doella sent a wave of lust to him. Haris’ anger gave way to tears of rage and pain; not retaliating was becoming more and more difficult. Doella realised she had to find out more, but this hurt him, and he had no chance of challenging his rival and surviving.
Core called a meeting, which included two trusted Karish agents, Catern and another man, Prase. Wylar and the other dragons continued their exploration. Core told them to speak aloud, as everyone must be on their guard now. Carnos and Gote returned from a gruelling foot-search which had got them nowhere. Wylar and his family had no luck either.
‘We found many ruins, but nothing intact,’ said Gote.
‘We have to keep looking,’ stressed Core, ‘it’s very important we find this crystal before Krat does. If it’s like Doella’s and they can use it, we are dead; they will defeat even the Rosarians. You are exhausted, but we have to find it.’
Carnos was weary of the search, ‘Gote and I will set off again as soon as we have replenished our stores.’
Everyone left except Carnos and Gote.
‘What’s troubling you, Carnos?’ asked wily Core.
‘How’s Doella?’
‘She’s doing a wonderful job, Carnos. She’s got Haris on side. He is primitive and volatile, so important you stay away from her. It’s hard for you and Wylar, but Varan’s safety depends on it.’ Carnos nodded. ‘I’m not worried about you, but Wylar could be a problem. I’ve kept him informed - impossible to lie to him - but he’s frustrated at not far-speaking Doella. He knows Krat is enjoying Doella’s favours and told me he will have to kill him. It seems only dragon rivals permit such action, Carnos,’ he laughed, ‘or you and Sark would both be dead.’
‘It has always been obvious we don’t count as far as Wylar is concerned,’ Carnos grinned, finding the situation as ludicrous as Core did.
‘That’s right; be glad of it.’
‘It’s strange the way Wylar loves Doella,’ said Carnos, his voice changing.
‘Is it?’ was Core’s enigmatic reply. ‘You leave first, and I’ll follow you soon.’
They returned to the cave and woke the dragons, who were sleeping off their boredom.
Core addressed everyone. ‘We need to find this city Haris mentioned, but we can’t use technology or any mental skills to locate it. It can’t be far away. This planet is thick forest and mountains, and this small country is the best land for settlement. So it makes sense it lies in this region somewhere. I ask you to set off in different directions again and try to uncover it.’
‘It makes little sense. Why can’t we dragons find it, and why can’t the Wild Ones?  We shouldn’t have trouble finding a city,’ it puzzled Wylar.
‘It must be hidden from you too,’ replied Core.
‘It is difficult to hide anything from a dragon.’ Wylar found this strange.
Core addressed the group. ‘Wylar’s right, be careful. Haris mentioned, a long time ago, men investigated a city and never returned. Wylar and I will stay here to look out for Doella.’
Wylar’s eyes flashed. ‘Krat will be sorry he ever wanted my Doella.’
‘That’s fine with me,’ said Core, ‘but after we have located the city and found the crystal. Leave him alone until them. He may help us find it, so be prepared to move.’
‘I am prepared, Core,’ Wylar replied.
They are here! Zuess mind-called Sark.
Her ability to reach him surprised him, but dragons kept many of their powers secret. He followed her directions. It was dark when he joined Zuess and Sitar on a hill overlooking the Karish, who were constructing a base. Zuess and Sitar handed the bracelets back to Sark; they didn’t need them. ‘As you suspected, we don’t need these,’ whispered Sitar with a smile.
Then both dragons changed into their actual forms, Zuess sparkling, red-edged gold, and Sitar, a light shimmering green.
We will confuse them. Activate your bracelet inhibitor; we won’t interfere with your crystal.
The Karish heard their mind speak, but Zuess and Sitar took to the sky, belching smoke as a warning. They didn’t just disable their bracelets, the Varan could not move. Sark walked to them. Simune was there, his eyes wild with fury.
‘Hello, Simune, I’m not glad to see you, but it’s safer to know where you are and what you are planning. If you follow me calmly, the dragons will leave you alone. If not, well… I will leave it to your imagination.’ Sark addressed the entire group, and they had no choice but to do as he ordered. They imprisoned Simune in a prepared cellar on his own; the others placed in another room. They were weak because of the withdrawal of their enhancers’ powers.
‘You will adapt soon - we mean you no harm,’ Sark said to the Karish, ‘but you’d be wise not to escape. Dragons don’t need sleep, and they are always vigilant.’ He then moved to Simune’s cell. ‘As for you, I don’t care what happens to you, Simune,’ he said and left him locked in the small, gloomy cellar.
Krat took Doella to his tower room again and watched as she removed her clothes and ran her fingers through her long golden hair. She sent him bursts of psychic bliss. There was another signature not far away, but Krat was too overcome with lust to notice. She also sent her signals to the other, so they knew what was happening. She hoped it was a male or she might make a terrible mistake, but she’d soon find out. Krat sat on the bed, waiting. She moved to him and nestled his large head on her breasts. He put his arms around her and pulled her onto the bed, and entered her body. He didn’t notice the other dragon enter the room, but Doella did. Krat couldn’t think of anything but the satisfaction she gave him. The new dragon was confused and indignant.
Krat sensed it too, and he snarled at the intruder. ‘List, I am angry you have intruded!’
‘I am angry too, Krat, finding you enjoying the Varan female. I sensed your craving. You are a traitor.’

Krat got up with a threatening movement. Doella lay on the bed watching.
‘Don’t take long, ,’ she moved her hands over her body. She sent waves of lust into his mind, and to the other dragon too (who was thankfully male). They confronted each other, snarling. Doella stopped what she was doing. This tiny tower room was no place for a dragon fight. She stood up and walked between the antagonists, rubbing up against Krat. ‘Please, come back to bed.’
Krat took hold of one of her arms to keep her away from List. Doella sensed List’s uncertainty. He wondered what these pleasures were, and why Krat was behaving oddly, but he was cunning. He snarled at them both and left. Krat took her back to bed.
She left him content, but he was more and more unwilling to let her go. She promised she’d come back as soon as she could, but she needed food and rest.

She sensed List was still in the fort and followed his signature. Under the tower were another set of steps, leading downwards. It was dark, but Doella could see. The dragon was there. As she moved downwards, she loosened her robe and let it hang open. She came out into a large cellar. It was a natural cave, enlarged, and supported at intervals by sturdy stone pillars. List sat at a table. He set rush lights burning as Doella entered, but the place was still gloomy.
‘I sensed you were here,’ she said, ‘I didn’t know where the steps led.’
‘A female’s curiosity. Come here, Varan woman, and tell me why Krat finds you so attractive.’
Doella sent out her sexual signals again and smiled. ‘I’d better leave; I was just curious. These cellars must be huge,’ she said, peering into the gloom.
They felt Krat coming.

Doella ran. She looked around and saw a smaller tunnel, which led into more vaults and headed towards it. But she’d not gone far when the foundations shook, Krat and List were fighting.  There wasn’t enough room for them to change form, without sending the building toppling. She sent Haris a message to be ready to leave, and didn’t stop running until she reached his rooms.
‘Haris, we must go. Krat is furious.’
‘The fort is shaking,’ he said.
‘Krat and List,’ she said in explanation. ‘Tell your servants and solders everyone must move in case the foundations crumble. Hurry; tell them. We’ll need food and water too, and clothes for a journey.’
Doella ran into Haris’ room and rummaged for practical clothing. She was busy pulling on a pair of his boots when he came back. Haris was dressed in his usual leather waistcoat and breeches, but he changed his soft boots for tougher ones. Doella took one pack he brought with him. The fort was shaking and beginning to disintegrate. The dragons changed form. Doella grabbed Haris as he lost his balance.
‘I can protect us, but hurry. Let’s get out of here, Haris. They will be hungry when they’ve finished fighting. The soldiers should evacuate the town.’
‘Doella, what have you done?’ Haris was afraid for everyone.
‘Listen to me, Haris. We will lead them away from here, and they’ll follow us, forgetting the people. I’ll make sure of it.’ But she admitted to herself in her hurry to find the blue crystal, perhaps she had played her hand too soon. She grabbed hold of Haris and pulled him into the courtyard. Masonry was falling everywhere.
‘Haris, I am going to change into a dragon,’ she said, pulling off her clothes and stuffing them into the pack, which she handed to him. Haris was reluctant to go with her, and when he saw a dragon standing before him he ran.

Doella grabbed him in a claw. She mind-called Wylar. Hurry to me, my love; I am outnumbered. She soared away and delivered the struggling Haris into Core’s care.

`Wylar was circling. They will come soon, Doella. I have challenged them. We will have to kill them or they’ll lay waste to everything. I can do this alone, go back to the cave, he begged her.
No, Wylar, there are two of them.
One day, my love, you will be more dragon than Varan.

Doella and Wylar flew towards the fort together. As they drew nearer, the wild dragons came rushing to meet their challengers. Doella recognised the silver-burgundy one as Krat.
He is mine, said Wylar, excited at the prospect of battle.
Doella headed for the smaller, green one, List. They called challenges to each other. Seeing Doella in dragon form, Krat cried. ‘I will kill you, Varan woman. List is right, you tried to destroy my spirit with your sexual demands, and now you pretend you are a dragon. You will die as you deserve…’

It filled Wylar with blood lust, and he raced towards him, his wings beating, screeching loud. He flew above Krat and reached behind to rake his huge front claws through the tough skin on his back. Krat screamed in anguish and then used mind control to repair the wounds. But while he dealt with his pain, Wylar came at him anew, this time from the front, and lunged his front claws into his opponent’s chest. Krat could not summon enough power to repair both wounds and he backed away, but not before he scratched Wylar behind the ear. Wylar chased after him. The wounded Krat tried to spin his plasma to escape into space. But Wylar caught up with him and flung his weight and four sets of claws into his unhealed back. Krat screeched again in agony. It tore one of his wings, and he and Wylar fell to earth. Krat fell with a heavy thud, which shook the ground like an earthquake, and Wylar bit him behind the neck to finish him. 
Krat was close to death. His last transmission was - Kill the Varan dragon and her lover for me, List. Kill them!

Doella and List circled each other. This was Doella’s first dragon fight, and the blood lust excited her senses. At the start, she felt afraid of the intense emotion, but she realised she had to follow her feelings. It was List she should fight, not her emotions. List was angry: Doella had duped him, and he grew even angrier when he heard Krat’s last call. It spurred him into battle. He shrieked with rage and frustration and lunged towards Doella with his talons extended. Doella screeched back. Flapping her wings, she flew above List and drew on the power of the blue crystal. A rush of blue flame issued from her mouth. She felt stronger than ever. List knew then he couldn’t win, and as Krat did, tried to escape into space.
Doella sent another burst of blue flame after him and hit him on the tail. He screamed in agony as the fire consumed his body, and he fell to the earth burning in cold blue flame. There was little left of him when he hit the ground, and what remained disintegrated into ashes. It stunned Doella. Her blood lust faded, and she called out to her dragon mate, Wylar. Help me, I can’t hold my form.
He raced to her, caught hold and lowered her. She turned back into a small Varan woman and lay sobbing on the grass speckled with List’s ashes. More ashes fell like grey snow.
Wylar changed form too and comforted her. ‘Doella, you were magnificent.’
‘It wasn’t me, it was the crystal.’
‘It was you,’ he insisted, holding her close.
She was crying. ‘I killed, and I wanted to! You were right - I’m no longer a Varan.’
‘You haven’t been a Varan for a long time, my love, not since they gave you the crystal and you bore our children. Fighting, sex, killing is all a part of life. Life becomes unbalanced without all its parts in equal measure - otherwise, some part of life diminishes. You think the Varan are different. Perhaps, perhaps not… but for most races, it is the truth. When you deny what makes you what you are, you die.’

She nodded her understanding. With Wylar’s help, she got up and walked back to the cave. Haris took the sobbing Doella from him, laid her down, and made her drink water. Like Core, he didn’t speak. They’d witnessed the battle in the sky and were both afraid. Haris sensed the closeness of Doella and Wylar and felt Core’s pity. He knew his life had changed forever, and not for the better. Doella held his hand so hard it hurt.
She realised this and apologised. ‘I’m sorry, Haris.’
He found his voice. ‘It’s far too late for “sorry”, Doella. I’m going back to see how the townspeople coped.’
‘Please take Core with you and come back soon and tell me what happened.’
‘I will.’
‘When you return, Core, we must find the other crystal before more dragons arrive.’ She sensed the onset of healing sleep, lay back and yielded to it.

Chapter 8
When she woke, it was dark. Wylar created coloured candles to light up the cave. He’d finished healing the cut behind his ear and watched Doella as she slept. As usual, she felt strong and refreshed after her sleep.
‘Wylar, are you healed?’ she asked.
He came closer. ‘I can see you are not only restored, but you have accepted you are not the same Varan woman you once were.’
‘I’m not; perhaps I never wanted to be a Varan. If I had I might have stayed with Simune and created more Varan children.’
‘Sark has Simune,’ said Wylar, noting her reaction. Her answer surprised him.
‘Good. I won’t let him get away with what he did. Wylar, it has been a long time since we have been alone together.’ He agreed and went to his wife.
Core and Haris returned the next day. Doella knew from Core’s mind-communication the casualties in the town and fort had been light, and it relieved Haris. She showed how pleased she was he’d come back with Core.

There was news. They’d found a complete alien city, deep in a forested area with no settlements. It was a long way from Haris’ Blandish, and it sounded promising.
Doella took Haris in her bubble. He was silent as he stood behind Doella, staring at her hair. She felt his unease. ‘Why are you frightened of me, Haris, my dear love? You know I’d do nothing to harm you,’ she declared.
‘Why call me, “dear love”?’ he asked, the bitterness obvious in his voice, ‘You’d do nothing to injure me? Why have you been pretending to care, if not to upset me?’
‘Because you are my dear love,’ she answered.
‘You’ve got Wylar,’ he said.
She told him more of the truth. ‘Yes, I have Wylar, and Carnos, and Sark, and you.’ She tried to make light of it, but Haris was far too upset to laugh.
‘Krat said I was a fool to trust you. He was right,’ his tone had an even harder edge to it.
‘If you don’t want me anymore, I promise I’ll leave you alone,’ she answered in a quiet voice.
Haris refused to answer, and they spent the rest of the journey in bitter silence. His mind was unstable, and she’d need the others’ help to watch him.

They assembled close to what appeared to be a small, sophisticated, and intact city. Wylar told the dragons to take to the air and keep a lookout, as he expected more wild ones to appear. He was mind searching for their signatures.
‘I’d hate any of our children to die,’ she replied, sounding as worried as any mother.

Haris heard this and his head throbbed. He couldn’t believe the woman he loved above all others, mated with a dragon as if it were an everyday occurrence, and had borne offspring to one. He decided to make another pact with the wild dragons, and get as far away from Doella and her friends as possible, but he forgot to shield his thoughts, and his mental powers were weak. Core and Carnos glanced at each other, and Core moved to speak with him.
‘Haris, you are not being wise,’ he remarked. ‘The Wild Ones intend to destroy your world first, before going on to Varan. An angry dragon doesn’t think, it just reacts. Don’t be an idiot.’
‘Yes, I’ve been an idiot, Core, wanting that whore of a woman,’ he looked at Doella, ‘by Woden, what is she?’

‘Come, Haris; we need to talk.’ Haris followed Core to a small copse of trees. ‘As you realise, I’m Karish; you must have heard of us from your mother.’ Haris nodded. ‘Well, know too I will kill you if you try to betray us. Doella is a lovely woman and enjoys making love. I admit we sent her so she’d seduce you. Doella was relieved when she saw you, she desired you for yourself, not because of the role she had to play. She’s bound to Wylar, but not exclusively. Their offspring are a new species, created by an elder race, the Rosarians, to help rid our skies of the wild dragons. These creatures have no hearts or souls as you know them, and they prey on other races. Wylar and Doella’s children are different; their offspring are half dragon and half Varan. A unique combination of strength and the Varan wish to nurture not destroy, and they can fight their wild cousins as no one else. Doella is as much a pawn as you are. We all are. The Rosarians made her not only beautiful but also irresistible to men. She does not belong to Wylar, Carnos, Sark, or anyone - just to herself. Does she say she loves you? Well, believe me, she does. If you betray her friendship, you do her wrong. You can’t have her to yourself as you had hoped, but she will care and be fair to you. Try to understand the difficult position we are in, and how important Doella is. Enjoy the love she gives you.’ Haris tried to stop tears welling from his eyes. He was losing control. Core’s oratory moved him, and he knew he wasn’t lying. ‘Let her heal your mind, Haris,’ said Core. He gave Doella a rueful look as he left them together.

She stood near Haris. He didn’t try to wipe the tears that fell. After a few moments, she moved closer and whispered his name. He saw the crystal pulsating under her clothes, and her Varan bracelet too. He didn’t move as she lifted her hands to his face. Her crystal was bright as she joined his mind. He sensed his anger, frustrations, and fears melt. For an instant, she showed him who she was, helping him to understand her motives. Then a strong, blinding light penetrated his mind.
Doella said, ‘You are a full Varan now, and have our skills. It is my gift for what you perceive as my ill use of you,’ she moved to re-join her friends.
‘Doella,’ his voice sounded hushed and hoarse.
She twisted and they held each other close. They stood together for a few moments, and then she took him to the others. They felt what had happened.
‘Congratulations, Haris,’ said Carnos, wondering at Doella’s power.
‘Welcome,’ said Core.
Haris said nothing.

Chapter 9
No one, not even Wylar could open the doors to the city. He changed into a dragon and flew over it. He returned. ‘I can’t penetrate; the bubble of energy won’t let me. I can destroy it, but without knowing why it’s there, I believe it would be unwise. Such a powerful force must be there for a reason.’
‘I agree. Doella, what next?’ asked Core.
She opened her tunic and pulled her trousers low so the blue crystal showed, glowing, and sparkling with energy. They saw the bolt of bright blue power spark towards the entry sequencer in the middle of the door. It opened inward, and they walked inside. Doella moved her hand over the inner sequencer and the doors closed.
The small, perfectly preserved city looked as if it had only been abandoned a few days ago. Thanks to the energy bubble, outside vegetation hadn’t entered, and the streets were clear of debris or weeds.
Doella sensed a presence. Bubbles on! She mind-cast.
Haris was unsure how, so Doella extended hers around him. ‘Don’t leave my side,’ she urged.
‘I can discern something,’ said Wylar. ‘Thousands of unformed minds - like animals without conscious thought.’
‘But powerful,’ suggested Gote. ‘It’s getting worse; the clamour is hard to manage.’

Core told everyone to concentrate and block out the cacophony. Doella and Wylane found it easy, but for the Varan and Haris, it was difficult. He struggled to keep control. Doella reached over and touched him, and the commotion stopped in his mind.
‘I’m weak, Doella; I’m endangering you by being here.’
‘It’s fine; I’ll look after you.’
They made out a scratching sound nearby, like the sound of giant earth rats, but they only caught glimpses of the things causing the noise. They vanished into the shadows before even Doella could fix her eyes on them. She perceived a mind reaching for hers, but it was unintelligible, filled with hate and hunger, with no real thought patterns. Wylar also noticed it, but none of the others did.

Then Doella detected another voice. It was Timblis, the Rosarian. He communicated the information she needed in nano-seconds. No one else understood what passed between them, but everyone sensed Doella’s sadness.
‘What happened, Doella? Who spoke to you?’ asked Core.
‘Timblis,’ she replied. ‘We must head for the major building. I’ll explain when we get there.’
Doella led them on, holding Haris’ arm, fearing if she let go she might lose him. Everyone saw the shadows and heard scratching feet, and all but Wylar and Doella battled panic.

They found the construction, which was large and circular, and the doors opened as they approached it. Inside was a series of wide ramps, which circled the walls. Doella started walking up, and the others followed. At the top was a holo-projector. Doella activated it using her crystal. She knew what it contained, and closed her eyes as if in pain while everyone else watched.
It explained what the Rosarians tried to do and failed. It was genetic engineering, not too dissimilar to what the Varan, Hyclos, and many other races had done for aeons; but this failed, and the Rosarians couldn’t destroy what they had created. It was a new race, but a doomed experiment and the Rosarians locked them away inside the deserted city. The hologram showed the result of the experiment, a hideous man-sized creature, half-hominid and half reptile.

‘They are part Varan, and a few other things too, even dragon,’ said Doella, shaking her head. She continued, ‘This centre has existed since we were evolutionary children.’
‘What happened to my men; the ones I sent here?’ asked a horrified Haris.
‘Not what you imagine. If they kept trying to force an entry, they’d have been vaporised. These pitiful creatures are incapable of rational thought; primitive animals existing only to feed, reproduce, and fight. They can go no further in their evolution and have nothing to eat, so they feed on each other. They breed to eat, not the offspring, the older ones die first. Sometimes though, if numbers allow, they devour the children too so their numbers stay viable.’

Everyone was silent. They experienced disgust at the sight of the creatures in the holo-projector.
Takos broke the silence by saying aloud what most of the others were thinking. ‘But you and Wylar were successful in creating half-dragon, half Varan children, weren’t you?’
 ‘Yes, we succeeded, our offspring are beautiful,’ Wylar said. Doella started crying.
‘So they thought they could breed a creature to help fight the dragons and came up with this?’ Takos was the only one brave or foolish enough to ask this of Doella.
Wylar laughed at his words, and the sound echoed around the large hall.

Haris had trouble comprehending, he looked at Doella. ‘What now?’ he whispered as if frightened to make a loud noise as Wylar had done.
‘These animals were to be the vanguard of a new dragon-like race, but as we see it was a terrible failure, and they stopped it here without trying to correct their mistakes. But, there’s a crystal here. The wild dragons were right,’ said Doella. ‘These creatures are guarding it. I have to take it from them.’ She sensed everyone’s fear and revulsion. ‘If anyone wants to wait outside the city, I’ll see you out - I recommend you go. Even though the bubbles protect you, it’ll be very unpleasant. There’s a door leading to the Draminods. It’s horrible there. They rarely leave its darkness, and they can’t see well in the light, but the smell of our warm blood has made them bold.’ She shivered. ‘I can’t take you with me. None of you can help, and you’ll be a distraction. Wylar will stay. He will transmit what’s happening to the rest of you.’
Core agreed to everyone else going out, but insisted on accompanying her.
‘No, Core. But one more may come. Carnos?’
‘Why Carnos?’ Core asked.
‘He loves me; I need his love,’ she said, and the words didn’t appear her own.
She led them out of the city and hugged Takos and Haris before returning.

‘Why us, Doella?’ asked Carnos.
‘Wylar is strength, you are love, and I am the mind. We need them all,’ she replied.
After seeing the others outside the city, Wylar and Carnos followed her into the round building. She pointed her blue crystal at an area of the floor and it opened up to show a flight of steps descending into darkness. It stank of rotting flesh and ordure. Wylar and Doella seemed unconcerned. Carnos felt sick but controlled himself. Carnos and Doella created bubbles. Wylar laughed when Doella asked him to do the same.
Please humour me. I don’t want you walking over what we find there.
He did as she suggested.
They started down the stairs, Doella leading. It terrified Carnos. The stairway descended for a long way, coiled around a central pillar. Doella’s blue crystal shone. They heard the unpleasant chattering of the Draminods minds. She stopped when they reached the bottom. She extended her hands into the air. Neither Wylar nor Carnos understood her mind. Even Wylar felt uneasy. Bright blue light blazed from her hands and illuminated a wide area, reaching to the far walls. The lights, turned off long ago, shone.

What they saw was horrific. Hundreds of bestial creatures struggled to see in the light. Their large misshapen mouths filled with sharp teeth over which their flabby lips could not close. Spittle drooled from their jowls and chins. They had scaled bodies with a spine of serrated plates along the backbone. Their frames were hominid, as were their genitals; but their hands and feet were dragon-shaped. Piles of bones surrounded them, picked clean of every shred of flesh. They adjusted to the light and threatened the intruders.

Doella spoke in Rosarian, ‘Give me what is mine.’ Her voice sent them into a frenzy, and they screamed as if in pain. She said again, ‘Give me what is mine, or else…’ She emitted a high-pitched sound. They clutched their ears and fell back.
Even Wylar was in pain, and he supported Carnos, who fainted with the noise, extending his bubble around them both. Doella glided across the grisly floor, and the others followed until coming to another flight of steps leading downwards. The Draminods didn’t pursue, but they sensed their terrible hatred for Doella… but they were unwilling or unable to follow.

They descended the stairs, and the lights came on as needed. Carnos recovered and able to walk on his own, but Wylar continued to extend his bubble over him.
Doella stopped at the bottom. She knew where she was going, and they turned right into a tunnel hollowed from shiny crystalline rock, veined in black and white. There was no sign Draminods had ever been here, which was not surprising as the rock emitted energy, which hurt their senses. Even Doella’s head throbbed with pain.
‘It’s not far now,’ she reassured them.
They entered a small cave made of the same substance. Doella stopped, took hold of her friends’ hands, and proceeded forward again. They saw a blue crystal hovering in mid-air before them. It glowed as Doella moved toward it.
She thought in Rosarian, and spoke aloud to the stone. ‘I am here with love and strength. Make me love more and strengthen me.’

At first, nothing happened, but then the crystal shone brighter and brighter. It rushed towards Doella, and the blue light hurtled into her other blue crystal with such force Wylar and Carnos were hurled against the walls. Carnos was hurt. Wylar saw Doella standing in the same place with her arms open. The light went out for a moment, leaving them in the gloom. The cave only lit by the white veins in the rock. Then the blue light came on again, and Doella turned to her friends.
Wylar stood up, and they moved to Carnos.
‘Is he dead?’ said Wylar.
‘No,’ said Doella as she touched him.
The blue light came from her hands, and Carnos moaned. He sat up, and Wylar helped him to his feet. He was still unsteady.
‘Do we have to return the way we came?’ asked Wylar.
‘Yes. There are other ways out, but I assure you, they are far worse than the hall.’

Wylar put his arms around Carnos to support him.
‘Please, let’s get out of here, Doella,’ begged Carnos. He was eager to leave this horror behind him.
Doella led the way. Carnos faltered, so Wylar picked him up and carried him. The hall of the Draminods was empty, but the debris looked ghastly, including half-eaten corpses. Doella took them up the steps and out of the city to where the others waited.

‘Move well away from the walls,’ she said, ‘there’s something I must finish.’ Wylar made a move to stop her from going, but her eyes stopped him. ‘I will be fine,’ she said and turned away.

They moved into the trees while Doella hurried to the city and stood in the middle of the circular hall. The crystal bathed her body in its blue light. She stood over the entrance to the Draminods’ lair and lifted her hands towards a dome of yellow worked crystal in the ceiling high above. Sending a pulse of energy up, it shattered and fell in shards around her. The ground shook. Doella soared upwards through the hole she had made, and up through the force field. The rumbling below her grew louder and the city vanished in a flash of bright white light.
She returned to where her shocked friends waited. ‘I have finished it,’ she said. ‘The Rosarians were wrong. They should never have left it.’
‘Are the Draminods dead?’ asked Gote. Wylar had shown them what they had seen.
‘Yes.’ The only thing remaining was a jagged mound of black crystallised rock. ‘Let’s get away from here,’ insisted Doella, ‘I’m tired.’

Chapter 10
They returned to the fort. It was partially ruined, but enough of it remained to make them comfortable. As usual, after such experiences, Doella slept for days. Someone was with her at all times, for she was moaning, thrashing around, and having fearful dreams, but they could not wake her.
Her dragon children continued to circle the skies in anticipation of an attack. Everyone was subdued - Core couldn’t decide what they should do next. He couldn’t forget what he’d seen in the Draminods’ city. He knew he ought to make plans, but he was powerless. They waited for Doella. It was up to her now… her, and the manipulative Rosarians.

She woke up at last. Takos sat with her; he smiled and leant over to kiss her forehead.
‘We thought you’d never wake up, Doella. I tried very hard not to read your dreams, but it was difficult to ignore them. They were terrifying.’
‘I wasn’t enjoying them. It was as if the past events in my life flashed through my mind. But I kept returning to the city I destroyed. Takos, I don’t think I’ll ever be able to forget what I did.’
‘Why did you do it?’
‘The Rosarians urged me. They didn’t decide lightly. It took them aeons to make up their minds. I was the catalyst, it was then or never. They control what is happening to me, and us.’ She struggled. Takos helped her. ‘I’m fine physically, but mentally still tired.’
‘Varan’s don’t enjoy destruction, Doella,’ Takos said in explanation.
‘Are we mirroring the Rosarians’ mistakes? Do we have our version of Draminods somewhere, hidden from view, I wonder?’ she shivered.
Takos didn’t answer.
As soon as Doella was ready, Core called a meeting. The town was deserted; the people had fled to hide in the forests and the caves in the mountains. Haris took control again, and servants and soldiers returned to the castle. They were frightened of the circling dragons. No one believed Haris’ assurances they were here to protect them, and he doubted it too; but when he took his turn to sit by Doella’s bed and watched her struggle with her dreams, he held her hand and knew why he loved her. He was reassured but had an unwelcome idea his world was ending and he was powerless. What would happen? The wheels were turning and he couldn’t stop them. Could Doella?

Carnos too slept. He was quiet, his thoughts hidden. Takos thought his friend needed time to recover, for his dreams had been as Doellas.
Carnos mind-spoke Takos after sensing his concern. I’ll be fine, just as Doella will.

Core was their leader, but the happenings of the last few days - the Draminods, and the destruction of the city - disturbed him. What was Doella now? No Varan ever possessed such power, and his race was no longer in control. They were fighting to survive in an age-old Rosarian-Dragon war. They couldn’t stop because if the dragons won, the Varan race, amongst others would be scattered to the ends of the galaxy, struggling to remember their greatness.
Only Wylar was unchanged by what had happened, and he spoke first. ‘I have been spying on my fellow dragons. They number sixty, and we are forty-eight. Our children are not as used to fighting as they are. We have Doella, and we don’t know her strength, but judging by how she defeated List, we must assume she will make up the numbers. They have laid eggs, but I don’t know where yet. If they hatch and feed, we’ll be outnumbered.’
‘How long do we have?’ asked Doella.
‘I don’t know,’ Wylar said looking at Doella. ‘Perhaps you can find the hatchery and destroy them. I can’t do it; not again.’
Doella looked away, knowing he was right, but she said. ‘No more, please!’

Core interrupted. ‘Doella, it’s for Varan.’ But when he saw her suffering, he was ashamed and dropped his eyes.
‘First the eggs,’ she whispered, ‘then List, then the Draminods, and now you beg me to kill again. When will you want me to stop?’ She walked out of the room.
‘I’ll take her to our home planet,’ said Wylar.
‘Is it wise?’ asked Carnos, concerned for Doella. ‘Simune is there.’
Wylar smiled. ‘He’s no longer a threat. But Doella needs Sark’s counsel. He has become her mentor.’ He got up and followed Doella.
The remaining men sat silently at the table, nursing their uncomfortable thoughts.
Doella and Wylar flew back to their dragon world. Sark, Sitar and Zuess waited for them. Sark knew Doella’s anguish. It was Wylar who told him what they proposed, and Doella needed his help.
‘You are a wise dragon, Wylar, to understand the needs of others,’ said Sark.
‘I am not wise,’ answered Wylar with his usual laugh. ‘No real dragon cares for anything but themselves, and the continuance of their race. Doella has changed me.
Doella overheard him. ‘I am becoming one in your place.’
‘The universe always seeks balance,’ replied Sark.
Sark was eager for her love; he had missed her.
‘What should I do, Sark? I’m reluctant to kill any more young; I’ve killed enough.’
‘Doella, it’s a terrible burden, and I can’t answer for you. You know what you must do.’
‘You think I should kill them, don’t you?’
He nodded and pulled her closer. ‘If you don’t, we’ll lose everything we fought for the first time. The balance of the universe will be destroyed if one race dominates and if dragon, they won’t stop breeding and eating until they are all that remains.’
‘Then I must do it,’ she said, ‘even though every time I take a life it makes me not just sadder but less myself. What have I become, Sark? I don’t recognise myself.’
‘None of us knows. The second crystal has increased your enormous powers. I’m so sorry. I wish they had chosen me instead to free you from the pain of your guilt.’
‘In that case,’ she said getting up, ‘I am glad the burden is mine; I wouldn’t wish someone I loved to suffer as I do.’

She found Wylar. ‘I want to see Simune,’ she asked.
‘It is up to me to slay him,’ answered Wylar.
‘I am not so much dragon yet  I wish to kill my children’s father, Wylar.’ Doella was angry he assumed she’d execute him for his crimes.
‘You hate him for trying to kill Takos and Carnos. And imprisoning you in marriage before you could overcome your pain and grief to make a rational decision. He drove you mad. You were ready to slay him.’
‘My hands did not have so much blood on them, and I didn’t realise the burden of guilt I must carry afterwards. Now I do.’

Wylar led her to Simune’s cellar. She looked in on the Karish, but they didn’t look at her or speak to her. ‘What are we to do, Wylar?’
‘Leave it to Core and Gote,’ he replied, opening the door to Simune’s cell.
‘Please leave us alone, Wylar,’ she suggested as she entered.
Simune stood. He smiled and said, ‘Doella!’ He lost his smile when he saw her expression. ‘Have you no kindness for your husband?’ he asked.

She indicated he should sit at the small table while she remained standing. Her heartbeat was loud and fast. He heard her thoughts and sensed her sentiments. His hopes died.
She controlled her emotions and found her voice. ‘Why, Simune?’ she asked. ‘Why did you try to kill our colleagues? They were not just my friends, but yours too.’ Her green eyes flashed, and he looked frightened. ‘I should kill you for what you did to them, and me. The Varan authorities will say, “You’ve been a naughty boy. Let’s recondition you and then return you into society.”’
‘And,’ added Simune, arrogantly, ‘then they’ll tell you to come back to me.’
‘Never,’ she hissed dragon-fashion.
A bolt of blue energy hurled Simune off his chair. He recovered, his bracelet useless, and he stood then leant against the wall. He held his arms out, pleading to his wife. ‘Doella, I did it because I loved you.’
‘You love only you. I offered myself to you in friendship. But no, you wanted me to yourself!’

The door opened. Simune ran towards it. Doella moved to move after him, but Wylar stopped her.
‘He’s mine, Doella. Go back to Sark.’ Wylar walked after Simune. He changed form and she heard the beating of his wings as he flew after the terrified man.
She returned to the main hall, blocking out Simune’s agonised thoughts. She sensed his life extinguish as Wylar burned him out of existence, and she sank onto the floor.
Sark knelt beside her. ‘Wylar is still a dragon, Doella.’
‘I should be free, but I’m not. Sark, I wanted to kill him myself.’
Wylar sent mental communication to his children on New Land. They brought the Karish to speak to the other prisoners. Core arranged for them to leave, taking Simune’s story to the authorities and alerting them to the imminent danger of another dragon attack. Before they left, Wylar told them if any Varan came to his planet without invitation, they’d meet the same fate as Simune. They felt him die. The two Karish agents from Haris’ planet accompanied them to help tell the true history and the reasons for Simune’s death. But Doella knew none of this could help her case. She’d be a “rogue”.

Doella had one more wrong to set right, and Sark took her to see Parsos. As usual, he became agitated when he saw her and started rubbing his genitals. She ignored this and moved closer. Even when he reached out to grasp her breasts, she didn’t move away. Instead, she placed her hands on either side of his head, bathing him in the blue light from her crystals. Parsos’ face underwent a complete transformation.
Doella stepped back. ‘I’m very sorry, Sark. I realise now I could’ve helped him a long while ago.’
Parsos’ mind was calm. ‘Thank you. I’m very sorry for the pain I caused you, Doella.’
‘I forgave you long ago, Parsos, despite how you humiliated me.’ He looked stricken at the memory. ‘You showed me kindness in your more lucid moments. It was Wylar’s fault, and I forgave him.’
She left Sark to help Parsos recover. Sitar and Zuess would stay to protect their home, but everyone else to go back to New Land. Doella and Wylar didn’t stay long but soared into the heavens to look for the hatchery. Doella knew where it was, Wylar, respecting her powers, followed her. Keeping their minds blank, they found a dark, barren planet not far away, but deep in the lamina.
There are dragons here, defending the eggs, said Doella, breaking mind-silence. She sent them a challenge.

Two wily old females emerged to meet them. They were twice Doella’s size, and miscalculating their opponent’s power, they came in fast. One attacked Wylar, and they began the battle. An angry female protecting a clutch of eggs is a fearsome adversary. Both he and the female bled each other at their first encounter and then backed off to heal themselves. They circled each other, screaming threats, which boomed like thunder in the dark sky.
Doella played with her challenger. Her blood lust had levelled out with the new, tremendous sense of power. The old red female became frustrated, as she could not fasten tooth or claw in the golden dragon, which kept outmanoeuvring her. She lunged at Doella, who laughed at her in her mind.
Doella said to her. My powers are great; you will die.
You are too puny a creature to kill me! The old one responded with an angry laugh.
Doella opened her mouth, and the cold blue fire came forth and touched a part of the dragon’s neck. It spread over her body and she fell to earth screaming, ablaze, until she was just grey ash falling on the barren ground. Doella flew to Wylar. She wasted no time but blasted the blue fire onto the other female. The battle was over.
Quickly, urged Wylar, before the others come back.

They found the cave containing the eggs. Doella looked at the hundreds of unborn young, and, before her courage failed her, blew her flames over them. Wylar left; he couldn’t watch as it reduced the eggs to powder. Doella joined him as he circled overhead.
Wylar, I need to create children again.
After the battle, beloved wife, replied the saddened Wylar.

Chapter 11
They met back at the cave. The dragon children continued to fly the skies, waiting for the attack they knew would come soon. Fort and town were now empty. Sark and the Varan helped ferry the refugees as far away as possible and hid them in deep caves with food and water. The ever-circling dragons frightened even the bravest soldier. Haris scoured the township, looking for anyone who might need help and protection, without success. They blamed him for the terror. He and that witch wife had brought this upon them. She with her flaunting beauty - any sensible man could see she was a whore. He’d fallen for Doella, and because of this, the dragons would destroy Blandish.
The next day a dragon named Crume sent the message, They are coming!
Doella and Wylar sought their signatures.
‘They outnumber us,’ said Wylar, and took off to join his children.
Doella told everyone to get inside, and when secure, she set up a force field, which lit the cave with an eerie blue light.
‘You’ll be safe as long as you stay deep in the cave,’ she explained.
‘Haris is in the town,’ Core reminder her.
‘Yes, I’ll find him.’ Still, in her Varan form, Doella flew into the sky.
‘She changes every day,’ said Takos. Like the others, he was afraid of yet another new demonstration of power.
‘She looks different. Have you noticed,’ added Carnos?
‘Yes,’ replied Takos. ‘She becomes even lovelier as she changes, but I preferred her the way she was.’

She flew in her own form without her bubble; her ever-changing abilities frightened her, as much as her friends. She found Haris’ signature and landed, calling his name. He emerged from a deserted alehouse.
‘I can’t find anyone. Most have taken to the hills, but it’s not far enough for safety.’
‘If they stayed I could have protected them,’ said Doella, ‘Now they are scattered, and there’s no time. I must get you back to the cave where you’ll be safe.’ She sensed his despair and the confusion of his emotions for her. Part of him still loved her, but he hated her too. He thought: They were right. She is a whore. Doella could do nothing to help him.
‘No, I can’t be protected while my people suffer.’ He sounded as if oblivion would be a blessing.
‘Haris, I’m not going to let you die.’
She raised her hand and sent out another blue bolt, which imprisoned Haris in an ice-like bubble.
I’m sorry, Haris. She transformed herself into the bright dragon again. Wylar and Doella’s brood and the wild creatures prepared to fight. Doella was aware of her children’s desire to do battle, and her own rising blood lust. The Wild Ones bellowed challenges and she did the same. There wasn’t much Varan left in the golden dragon.

The two armies met in a rush of fire and smoke. Doella moved towards a large blue-black creature. She extended her talons and screamed a challenge. She was so carried away with the battle she didn’t see another dragon coming behind her; Wylar rushed to her aid. The children fared well. Skies changed from blue to pink, and then red. The ground beneath them was black and scorched. Forests were burning. Doella grew angrier at the sight of the destruction. She sent out her blue flame at the black dragon.
He died screeching, Take the Varan; get the golden dragon.

Every Wild One attempted to reach her. Wylar challenged anyone who tried, but he too was fighting on all sides, and Doella was no longer close. She enjoyed battling with tooth and talon. She could have finished them whenever she liked, but for the moment, the fight was everything!
Then in her mind, she heard Wylar call out once, Doella! His form fell to the earth; a wing was torn and useless.
The children cried out with one voice, Father!
Doella rushed after him, but she was too late. He hit the ground, and Doella realised he was dead.

With ungovernable fury, her blue flame devoured the Wild Ones. She showed no mercy. Her offspring watched, keeping away in case her fire touched them too. She still circled and called out challenges when the Wild Ones had perished.
Wylane shouted out, Stop, mother; it’s finished.
Her fury died, replaced by unbearable pain. Her beloved Wylar was lost. She flew to where his body lay. He was dead - burned by dragon fire. She felt nothing from his mind. She shifted back into Varan form and caressed him, but even her blue power could not wake him. White ash fell from the skies onto her and Wylar’s body.
She stroked him again. ‘Oh my love, I can’t bear it! We won the battle, but we lost it too.’
Her children landed around her. They too turned into a hominid form.
Wylane rushed to her. ‘Mother,’ he whispered and tried to raise her from the ground where she knelt, still touching Wylar and sobbing. He got Doella to her feet.
She didn’t remember freeing a mad Haris from the ice tower. He’d seen the destruction and had trouble dealing with it. He’d seen bolts of flame coming toward him, but Doella’s bubble of blue ice saved him. She didn’t recall putting her hands to his head to heal his mental anguish. Nor Wylane, leading her to the cave to let everyone out. She didn’t recognise any of it. Core took her from Wylane.
‘We will take father’s body back to our planet,’ declared a grieving Wylane. ‘Mother should come too.’
‘Soon,’ said Core, ‘She needs to rest for a while.’
Wylane nodded and returned to his parent’s body.
Doella couldn’t stand and sank onto the uneven floor. ‘My love has left me,’ she declared and started crying again.

Core urged her to drink, but she refused. Carnos realised how much she loved Wylar. He knew her pain, but could not reach her. His rival was dead, but he took no pleasure from it. Doella’s grief was so profound. Takos sat at the cave’s entrance with his head in his hands. Gote helped Core to quieten Doella. Although she accepted the water, afterwards she lay in a foetal ball, hugging her knees to her chest and rocking. Her tears still flowed.

Sark entered. Wylane brought him, he understood Doella needed his support. Sark held her close and stroked her hair. Her sobs tore him apart too.
 ‘I’m ready now. Help me take him home please, Sark.’

He helped her to walk from the cavern. They did not build a bubble, for the arduous walk was to be part of their grief. It took them a long time to reach Wylar’s body.
His children surrounded him, and they parted to let their mother and Sark go to the body. Sark let go of her arm as she placed her hands on the immense bulk. Then her brood changed into dragons, and between them, they carried the corpse, together with Doella and Sark, back to their planet.
They covered him with rocks in a small valley in the mountains.
Doella sat close by for days, neither eating nor drinking. Her silence was more frightening than her initial frenzied grief.
Her granddaughter, Dolar, tried to reach her and failed, so did Wylane. ‘We can’t let mother die too,’ said a distraught Wylane to Sark, who waited at the house.
Sark nodded. ‘We’ll fetch her tomorrow, but we must allow her to grieve in her way.’
One of them kept guard over Doella… but they didn’t see her disappear.

She sat in the Rosarian garden again, with soft breezes fanning her face. Timblis sat opposite. Doella did not move. He called her name. Doella realised where she was.
‘You took my Wylar from me,’ she said with no expression in her voice.
‘It was his time. He sacrificed himself for you.’
‘It was my fault; I should have finished it, instead…’
‘You must live Doella, or this is in vain.’ She felt the blood circulating her body as if she were returning to life. ‘More dragon children are needed. There are not enough of them, and we need your genes to strengthen the breed.’
‘But my Wylar is dead!’
‘You are more dragon than Varan now. Dragon customs will suffice. You must produce more offspring.’
‘I am your pawn, aren’t I?’
Timblis nodded and gave her a sad smile. ‘Yes. I am sorry, Doella, but if we hadn’t interfered, the dragons would have destroyed everything we worked so hard to create; but we too are pawns in someone else’s game, for we don’t understand why we do this.’ He sighed and gazed up at the sky.

‘The Draminods,’ her hands clutched the arms of the chair, ‘You begged me to destroy them. It still hurts.’
‘We are not proud of that, Doella, but their pain was a continuing horror for us.’ Timblis was as distressed.
‘Their voices are quiet now, but you will never forget them.’
‘As it should be,’ replied Timblis.
‘Why me?’ asked Doella, after a pause.
‘We needed your beauty and sexuality. We helped to create you.’
‘Your race could use the blue crystals. Why did you need me?’ she repeated.
‘If only we could. We didn’t make the crystals. They were given to us many aeons ago, but they are to be used by one person, and when we attempted to, they destroyed us. We only had fragments of old manuscripts, and the dreams of the wisest.’
‘You weren’t sure I was the one when you sent me for the first crystal did you?’
Timblis shook his head. ‘No, we didn’t; but we sensed they meant it for you.’
‘What will I become if I keep on changing?’
‘We have no way of knowing.’
Then she was back at Wylar’s cairn.
From the ridge, Wylane and Sark saw her reappear. She walked up the hill to meet them.
As usual, she slept for days. Her dreams caused her terror and pain at first, but her face softened. Sleep always helped her psyche. When she woke, Dolar was with her.
She smiled at her granddaughter. ‘I should get up, Dolar; there is much to do.’

Doella entered the hall. Her eyes still had the shadow of sadness they’d never held before Wylar’s death. She ate at her family’s bidding but said little.

‘Sark, I want to talk to you,’ she stated and led him into the garden Wylar made for her. ‘Sark, when you and the others are safe… I’m going to have more dragon children to safeguard the galaxy against the Wild Ones.’ He nodded but did not speak. ‘You are the only one who doesn’t fight what I must do.’ She reached for his hand. ‘I’d prefer to go away, just the two of us, and live in peace for a while.’
‘I too was jealous of Wylar, but I understood how much you loved him.’
She stood up and walked inside.
She took Sark to Blandish. They waited for her. Haris searched for survivors, but those the Varan helped to escape wanted nothing to do with him. They blamed him and his witch wife for their terror. They’d survive, as they had taken livestock with them; but until they grew crops again, times would be hard. It was ten days since the attack, and the black area was still smouldering and smoking. From the air, they saw how much was destroyed. The people of this planet were lucky any survived.
‘It will take years to recover,’ Doella said to Core. ‘Have they found any survivors in the burnt-out areas?’
Core shook his head. ‘Not even their remains; dragon-fire destroys everything.’
Doella nodded. ‘How is Haris?’
‘He is suffering, Doella. He blames you for it.’
‘Yes.’ After a moment’s silence, she added. ‘I’ll help with the search; but as you are alone, I’ll speak with you first. Sark knows my plans. I need you to find a safe place to stay for a while. I’m moving back to Wylar’s planet.’ She paused. ‘We’ll name it after him. Core, this will shock you, but I’ll create more dragon children.’ She walked the rough floor of the cavern. Core said nothing. ‘Aren’t you going to tell me it’s against Varan Law, my dear Karish?’
‘You are not a Varan any longer, Doella. After what I’ve asked of you, who am I to criticise?’ He left the cave.

Doella followed. She turned into a dragon and flew into the sky.
Sark came and stood beside him and said, ‘You are right; she is no longer a Varan.’
‘I know she has to have those children, Sark, but I still find the whole thing abhorrent.’
Sark agreed with him.
Doella circled the skies but could see nothing, even with her acute dragon-sight - so she focused her inner power to seek anything alive. She felt a slight glimmer of perception and headed towards it. It came from the base of a low mountain near Blandish. The light yellow rocks were charred. Doella saw a narrow hole covered by a wide rock, changed form, and investigated, expecting to discover a mammal or bird. But as she drew closer, she sensed two hominids. She moved the rock covering the opening.
‘Come out, you are safe now.’ She heard a whimper, which was stifled. ‘There’s no need to be frightened. ‘I’m here to find you; you must be hungry and thirsty.’
There was a scramble, then a scuffle, and everything was quiet. Then a child appeared; a curly-haired girl with a soot-covered visage as black as her hair. Her clothes were filthy, and she clutched a small satchel.
‘I’m thirsty,’ she said in a weak voice.
She blinked hard against the light. She must have been around seven years old, and her blue eyes glowed in her dirty face. Doella reached and held her, and the soot covered her materialised dress.
‘I’ll look after you, little one. Who else is in there?’
‘My brother. He’s frightened.’
‘What’s your name?’
‘Tikela.’
‘And your brother?’
‘Losi,’ she replied.
‘Losi, come out, you are safe now.’
She heard a sob and he came. The boy was older than his sister, about twelve. He was crying, and his tears washed the soot away in streaks. He followed Tikela into Doella’s arms. She held them close. They looked human; she formed a bubble and took them back to the cave, mind-speaking the Varan to return.

Everyone came except Haris. Hath was glad to see this sister recovered. He accepted the youngsters from her. Silently, he asked where their family was. Doella replied by shaking her head. She’d detected traces of human DNA.
‘I’ll keep searching, there may be others like these children,’ she stated. ‘Look after them. They need food and water.’
‘They must have had supplies to survive this long,’ he suggested.
Doella took to the skies again. She circled over the blackened land.  Apart from those who’d hid in the caves before the attack and started their lives again, she found no one. Those who lived ran in panic when they saw a flying Varan woman. With regret, she headed back to the cave.

The children were still dirty, although an attempt was made to wash them. They were asleep, holding on to each other.
‘They have slept since you left,’ said Sark. ‘We woke them to give them food and water, but they fell asleep again.’
Everyone returned to the cave, even Haris, but he refused to meet her gaze. She asked Core if he’d found a haven?
‘Yes, but we require the ship and help to travel interlamina. Then Gote wants to carry on to Varan. He’ll need help too.’
‘If there’s any sign of trouble you must call for support and a dragon will come. I’ll take you back to Wyland to collect the vessel. There’s not much we can do here; these people will start their lives again, we will bring supplies.’
‘All of us?’ Core asked.
‘Yes, I can manage.’
Carnos told Haris. ‘It’s time to leave.’
He lifted his head and his eyes burned as he looked at Doella. ‘I’m not going anywhere with her.’
‘Yes, you are,’ she said. He slumped over as if in sleep.

Sark and Gote picked up the sleeping children, and the other’s followed. ‘Stand close together,’ Doella instructed, and then switched into her dragon-self. She breathed plasma over them - not the usual green, this was blue. It moulded itself around them and felt as if you lay in a comfortable chair or bed. They saw the planet, distorted through the blue jelly-like substance, growing smaller, and then they travelled into the dullness of lamina. The colours changed as they penetrated layers of strata.

It was a fast journey, and they came out of lamina, on the approach to Wylar’s planet. The blue jelly disappeared into a gaseous form. Doella switched back into her shape. Her dragon offspring waited and they carried Haris and the children.
‘I need to bathe,’ said Doella. With a sad smile, she went to her rooms.
They met in the main hall to discuss what should happen next. Core heard nothing from the authorities, but had sent a message saying the dragon threat was no more. He assumed they were still persona non grata.

‘Gote wishes to go home and tell our side of the story,’ Core opened the discussion.
‘… And I am going with him,’ added Takos.
Doella looked at him in surprise. ‘You’re leaving me, Takos?’
He smiled at her. ‘You don’t need me, Doella.’
She did not answer, but everyone saw how upset she was.
Core continued, ‘With dragon help, Takos and Gote will take the vessel back to Varan, after dropping the rest of us on the chosen planet. The dragons will help with any further travelling. But, we could do with a ship of our own, as you’ve indicated a lamina-capable one, so we don’t need your help. But it will have to wait. We’ll call for help if needed. I know a place we can hide, and we’ll wait for you there. If we have to move on, no doubt you’ll find us.’
She nodded and looked at the sullen Haris. He glared into her eyes.
‘It seems I have no choice,’ he answered. ‘I’d not be welcomed on Varan!’
She lowered her head. Haris got up from the table.

Core waited a few moments before continuing. ‘Which leaves Sark, Hath, Carnos, Parsos Haris, and the two children.’
‘So we have to wait for you, Doella?’ said Carnos, unable to keep the anger out of his voice. ‘We know what you intend to do. And what happens next?’
‘We’ll find Sark’s people, as we promised,’ she insisted.
‘We’ll go in the morning,’ Carnos said and got up from the table.
Do you want to leave me too? She asked in their intimate mode.
‘No, Doella, I couldn’t, even if I wanted to,’ Carnos answered without looking back.
The other’s followed, and Doella sat with her silent dragon family. They sensed their mother’s confusion.

The next morning, after a lonely night, Doella said goodbye to her friends. ‘I will come as soon as I can,’ she promised.

She held each one of them, except Haris, who flinched away as she neared him. The children were bewildered but sensed something was happening, and the little girl started crying.
Doella turned to Haris. ‘These children are in your care,’ she said.
They left in the ship, which brought them, accompanied by a dragon for interlamina travel. Doella looked at herself in the mirror. ‘I am different,’ she said aloud.
Wylane entered without knocking. ‘Well, mother, when do we start?’
‘How many eggs can the new hatchery hold?’ asked Doella.
‘Two hundred.’
‘Then we’d better get started.’
Wylane’s eyes shone. He looked like his father. ‘The other females will lay too, and create more hatcheries.’
‘That’s fine, Wylane. And planets with new herds?’
‘Located and organised.’
‘Nothing to stop us from proceeding, is there?’ Doella smiled, but in her mind and heart, she felt Wylar’s loss as burning pain, and she knew it’d never leave her.

Chapter 12
Doella had been busy. Instead of the usual time, it took to mate and lay eggs, she found she could do it in one day. She copulated and laid an egg every day for fifty days without reverting to her form. Having laid the last of the final clutch, Doella moved back to the house. She’d mated with many of her male offspring. When she was in dragon-form it was natural, but now she was a Varan again, she was ashamed.
‘Wylar,’ she said aloud to the air, ‘what have I become? Everyone says I’m dragon now, but in my original body, I have the Varan shame.’ She spent a long while bathing, trying to wash away the regret, but it didn’t work; it never did. She slept.

She thought she was dreaming. Wylar came to her, and they made love. She had an orgasm and needed more. When she woke up, she found Wylane beside her, watching her as she slept.
She jumped out of bed. ‘I thought you were your father!’
‘You were calling his name; I came. You wanted me.’
‘I thought you were your father,’ she repeated. She formed a gown and ran out of the house. Flying to the hill above Wylar’s tomb and then walked down the slope. Putting her palms on the stones, she sobbed. Wylane was behind her.
‘Mother?’ She didn’t turn around, so he placed his hands over hers and then pulled her away. They sat on the ridge overlooking the cairn.
‘I enjoyed our pleasures, but it causes you emotional pain.’
‘It’s not our way to lie with our children.’
‘It is our way, and you are one of us now,’ he reasoned.
She nodded. ‘I wasn’t always a dragon. My old self tells me it’s wrong.’
She didn’t send him away when he came to her that night. He was so like his father - she needed him, and he’d always wanted her. For three nights, they loved and it eased her grief. She kept looking in the mirror, expecting to see a dragon reflected there instead of a Varan, and sometimes there was.
‘My pain for my power,’ she said aloud.

The next day she became a dragon again and mated until another cavern filled with the family’s eggs. Then she changed again and took Wylane to her bed. She’d almost forgotten he was her son, until her conscience, which was so hard to ignore, warned her. Doella pushed these thoughts aside, but her terrible grief over Wylar’s death was growing less intense. She couldn’t go near the cairn now, for it reminded her Wylane was not Wylar.

The first eggs hatched, the dragons swarmed, and Doella feasted as one. She didn’t experience a Varan’s disgust at eating raw flesh, and worse, when she changed back and expected to feel guilty, she didn’t. Every day she spent as a dragon made her resemble one, body and soul. She told Wylane these eggs would be the last she’d produce for a long time.
The family discussed their future strategy. They’d find planets for colonisation and farming. They’d keep away from other races, always vigilant for the wild dragon threat. They were more than self-sufficient, and Doella was free to go. Wylane told Doella he was going with her, and he’d leave the female, Parella, in charge. Her granddaughter, Dolar, wished to come too. What they needed was a suitable ship for what might be a long journey. Doella knew where she could find one. She spent the last of her time on Wyland sitting in the garden her dragon-husband made for her or walking in the hills and woods around the house.

It was time to say goodbye. Her now large clan of children and their offspring waited for her. They lined up in hominid form, and the farewells solemn, especially the ones she exchanged with her first children.
Only Parella remained. ‘Goodbye, mother. I will look after our brood; we’ll do our tasks well in memory of you and father.’
‘I know, dear daughter. I can’t say how long we’ll be away.’
They landed on the soft, swirling red grass, which covered most of the planet Rosa. There was nothing else in sight, just plains of grassland leading to the sierras, coloured pink by the light of the sun. The sky was lavender blue. The three dragons stood there, an intrusion on the silent, unchanging world. Then they changed form and followed Doella, who hurried over the grass to the mountains. She stopped before a cliff and sent her crystal’s power against it. Then she walked through the stonewall. Wylane and Dolar did the same.
They walked into the darkness. Doella focused, and soft lights appeared. It was an enormous artificial cavern, filled with many kinds of craft and equipment. Doella had long ceased to feel wonder at what she knew. She headed for a bird-like ship. A door opened in its side, and a ramp slid out. They entered. Doella sensed the dragons’ surprise at this incredible treasure-trove; but in true dragon tradition, neither of them made any comment.
The ship was large, with an advanced design. Inside was a well-lit corridor containing many doorways. Doella kept walking until she reached the door at the end. It opened at her approach, and they entered a pristine control room, unlike its Varan equivalent. There was no obvious technology, just empty tables, and seats around the wall.  But Doella knew what to do. She sat at the largest of the desks. Doella ran her hand across the surface and coloured lights reflected onto her face. The ship moved upward. The ceiling of the cave was there one moment and gone the next, and they were in the lilac sky.

‘It won’t take long to reach Core’s old Varos base, so choose your quarters. I’ll stay in this seat until we arrive. The vessel is interactive and needs someone’s mind to fly it.’
‘And what will everyone think when they discover I have the room next to yours, Doella?’ Wylane once called her “mother”, but she preferred he used her name; it reminded her of Wylar’s mocking tones.
Dolar gave a smile. ‘You should not provoke them, uncle.’
‘Dolar’s right,’ agreed Doella, ‘explaining your presence, and our new relationship will not be easy, Wylane.’
Doella dressed with care in her favourite blue, and Dolar formed a similar dress in pink. They didn’t use the ship’s ramp, Doella gestured, and they stood on the sandy surface of a barren planet.
The door to the camouflaged Varos base opened and Sark and Carnos came, followed by Core. Sark was closest, so she hugged him and then Carnos; but when he saw Wylane, he knew what had happened and stared at Doella.
‘Your son, you bitch,’ he said, using the language of their Earth. He turned and hurried inside the base.
She didn’t follow him but looked at Sark. ‘And what are you thinking, my beloved Hyclos?’
‘My lovely Varan has changed again, and the woman I first loved is gone forever.’ He paused. ‘But I still love who she has become.’

Core frowned but greeted them politely. They moved to the main room. Hath hugged his sister. Haris and the children were there, and Parsos. Carnos did not return.

In the usual tradition of greeting old friends, drinks, and food were supplied. Parsos, now comfortable in Doella’s presence since she’d healed his mind, welcomed her with pleasure. As did the two youngsters, who were glad to see the beautiful lady, as they called her. They were shy at first, but when Doella hugged them, they responded to her motherly caresses; but it was not, on the whole, a successful reunion. Haris left the room soon afterwards, and Doella talked to Core.
‘Well, at least you are speaking to me.’
‘And two of your lovers are not?’
She raised her eyebrows and looked at him. ‘Haris still blames me for the destruction of his home and Carnos is angry because I took my son as a lover in his father’s place.’
‘The first is not your fault, but you could have prevented the second,’ said Core, ‘and you forget to mention living as a dragon, and worse, breeding as one.’
‘And you hope neither of them will forgive me.’
‘It makes me nervous because I can’t explain any of it. As I have often remarked, you are no longer a Varan, and it has nothing to do with me now. With your skills Doella, no doubt you’ll win them over.’

Core told her the Varan Council still ignored their existence, but Takos had communicated with them. He was welcomed back into his household. ‘He’s been to visit your children,’ added Core, waiting for her reaction.
She looked bewildered for a moment as she remembered them. ‘Are they well?’ she whispered.
‘Your mother-in-law had to smuggle them out of the house. Simune’s father and the rest of the family have taken the manner of his death as your fault. They don’t blame him for his actions but attribute it to his lust for you. They say you beguiled him, and most of Varan agrees with them. Sicella is still your firm friend. She was the only one who knew her son’s genuine character. She is determined your three Varan children will keep their mother’s memory untainted by speculation and gossip.’
‘Dear, kind Sicella. I’m now held in abhorrence, I suppose. Transformed from Varan’s secret saviour into a rogue.’
‘Something similar.’
‘What about you, Core?’
He didn’t smile. ‘You did what you had to do, and you paid the cost. But, Doella, mating with your children, first as a dragon and then, far worse, as yourself. I can’t condone it!’
‘Once I’d have agreed with you, but it’s as natural as breathing. Sark is right. My constant Hyclos tells me I’m no longer the Varan woman I was. It’s strange, though I’m happier now and coping with the loss of Wylar. Not only am I well, but I am also free, which I never was as a Varan. I’d better speak to Carnos.’
‘Wouldn’t it be wise to wait a while?’
‘When have I ever been sensible, Core? If I had been, Varan would be a burnt-out shell.’

She found Carnos’ rooms and asked permission to enter. He refused. The door was on lock, but Doella walked straight through it. She hadn’t thought about it, she stepped straight through without thinking. She recovered her poise before facing Carnos. He hadn’t seen what had happened, lying face down on the bed. He jumped up when she entered.
‘I said you were a bitch, but you are far worse!’
‘Fine… if we are over, then I’ll go.’
‘So that’s it! You have used me as you want, and will leave me without a word.’ His voice shook.
‘No, I still love you and I am prepared to stay if you ask me.’
‘How can I? You are sleeping with…’ he could not say the expression son. ‘Wylane!’
‘You accepted his father.’
‘No, I didn’t, I put up with him so we could be together… after a fashion. Are you Varan, or is this just a disguise as when dragons copy our form?’
She ignored the question, ‘If this is how you wish it, I will go. Goodbye, my love.’
‘Doella!’ she heard him scream in her mind.
She turned to face him, but he was on his knees beside the bed. She knelt next to him and then kissed the back of his neck. He didn’t move. She got up, prepared to leave.
Aloud, he said. ‘No, don’t go… I want to hate you, but I can’t.’

Carnos was again her lover, but Haris still avoided her. He hadn’t agreed to join them on the quest to find Sark’s people. But where could he and the children go to be safe? Doella hoped he’d change his mind, for she wanted him back in her bed. Sark, Core, and Parsos tried to persuade him to stay. He was a different man from the one, who’d taken her as a wife, but sometimes she sensed his eyes following her, and he’d turn away if she looked in his direction.

Core asked to see Doella. ‘I’ve persuaded Haris to come with us by suggesting it’d be better for the youngsters. I said we’d educate them, and they can settle somewhere we can continue to protect them when we return. Close to your dragon children for safety.’
‘Thank you, Core.’ Doella kissed him, and he shielded his emotions. ‘I’m sorry if I disturb you. Do you still want to keep your distance?’
‘Doella, don’t ask me to join your odd ménage of lovers. There are too many, and it causes problems.’
‘Whenever you need to, Core. I promised, remember?’
He nodded and then returned to the business in hand. ‘Haris’ sentiments for you are confused. The rest of us have tried to persuade him it wasn’t your fault his home and people were almost wiped out. The dragons planned to do so, and now he agrees without your help, more would’ve been killed. But he still believes the Varan are responsible. We can feel his emotions; he is unused to having mental powers and cannot shield his thoughts and feelings. Even though we have persuaded him it’s not your responsibility and you want him for himself, he is proud and will not approach you.’
She smiled at Core. ‘I know, but thank you.’ She blew him a kiss and left the room.
Core sat back. He wondered why he didn’t take pleasure with her? Then he told himself he needed to keep his wits. He laughed. That’s an excuse. The truth is I am afraid of getting too close to anyone, and we don’t know what Doella is. I must keep my distance.
Hath and Dolar played with the children. Dolar liked Hath, but he was terrified of her strength. She was Doella’s kin and using her feminine wiles.
Doella watched them for a while, knowing Hath, he’d respond to Dolar soon. The children recovered from their horrific ordeal but missed their parents. The little girl, Tikela, often woke crying in the middle of the night. Doella considered healing their grief, but after discussing it with Sark, she’d agreed to let things take their natural course, at least for now. There was just one person left to sort out - Haris. She went in search of him. The moons and stars were beautiful in the late evening because of the clear desert skies, and he lay on the ground gazing up at them. He felt Doella coming and sat up as if she was a threat.

‘Haris, are you frightened of me?’ He didn’t answer, so she repeated the question.
‘I have no idea who or what you are.’
‘I am still Doella. I was your wife!’
He shook his head. ‘I was a fool to fall in love with you.’
‘Perhaps, but it worked both ways. I miss you; miss having you in my bed and watching your face as you sleep.’
‘How can you? You have plenty of others to share your bed.’
But when she moved closer, he didn’t move away. She did not coerce him, but put her arms around him and pulled him into her kiss. She kissed him again, and this time he responded.
‘Let’s go inside,’ she said, ‘you’re cold.’
On the surface at least, everyone was working together. Hath succumbed to Dolar, and his sister was forever healing his bruised and broken body. Until Sark and Carnos created an enhancer to strengthen his resistance to her robust lovemaking. Now the two of them became inseparable. Doella didn’t remind him he was her great-uncle.

At last, they were ready, and Core called a meeting. They discussed in which direction they should look for the Hyclos. They left the area many years ago, and any signatures would’ve long since dissipated. Sark suggested they return to his home world to see if they could find any clues there. The Hyclos always built their technical facilities deep underground beneath their cities. He hoped something had survived.
Sark and Carnos could pilot the vessel, but the Varan bracelets worked differently from crystal technology. It’d take time for the others to learn how to interface. They could manage the basics, such as replicators and cleansing facilities.
They moved into the Rosarian ship, taking anything useful from the base. It had been their home for a while now, and they were reluctant to leave it and set off on an unknown journey.

Doella took them towards the stars and then between, to Sark’s planet, Hyclo.

Chapter 13
The Rosarian vessel, ancient to its creators, was far more advanced than any present Varan craft. Doella explained it was powered by a crystal, full of endlessly recharging energy, similar to the osmotic power the Hyclos had used for the weather controller. It only interacted with natural crystals, not the complicated Varan bracelets.
They reached Hyclo in a few days. Carnos remained with the ship, and Haris stayed with him to look after the children. Parsos was interested in his father’s home planet - now his mind was healed, his hatred vanished too. Because of their similar backgrounds, Parsos and Haris became good friends.
The view of Hyclo was distressing for everyone, especially Sark. A once green world, with oceans, was now a burned-out, arid shell. The little atmosphere remaining consisted of poisonous gases. They left the ship and explored the surface in atmospheric bubbles.
Sark couldn’t recognise any landmarks, but they appeared to be close to the edge of what had once been a deep sea. He was calm in most situations, but was finding it difficult to concentrate.
‘Sark, may I help?’
‘No, Doella, I can do this myself.’ He concentrated with the others, trying to locate a crystal or a technological signature. ‘Nothing.’
Doella disagreed. ‘I sense something, although it’s faint and a long way.’

No one doubted her abilities, and they followed Doella. She outstripped them. Hyclo was more frightening and depressing without her. A ruined planet burned beyond recognition; nothing left of it. Everyone responded to the horror of it, but Sark was distraught.
The dragons thought it best to stay behind and look after “mother’s other family” as they called them, and they supported the now exhausted travellers to keep going. At last, the seafloor ended at a towering cliff of tremendous height.
‘Doella is close,’ said Wylane, and sped upwards. Dolar helped others with the long climb.
Doella and Wylane waited for them. ‘It’s not far.’ She noticed how tired they were, and mind-called Carnos to bring the ship. ‘You need to rest, you’ve travelled half this world and are stressed,’ she explained.
‘No, we are close,’ said Sark.
‘You are stressed and so need time out. Wylane and I will look for a way inside. We won’t do more until you are rested.’

It didn’t take long to find an entrance, it was a deep hole in the ground. Wylane was ready to enter, but Doella stopped him.
‘No, I promised Sark. Let’s go back to the ship.’
Doella led a smaller group into the dark void. Hath and Dolar stayed in the ship. Doella knew of the Hyclos predilection for booby traps as Sark told her. He was calmer and more alert after his rest and knew this was no longer his home. It was as foreign to him as an alien planet, and this realisation helped him to cope with his grief. Doella led them into the pitch-blackness. They descended, and the intense cold of the surface gave way to warmth. At last, they reached the bottom. It was covered with jagged rocks of various sizes. Doella stopped and concentrated for a moment. She soon located the entrance to a narrow shaft.
‘Sark, there’s a metal door,’ she said, sending him a mental picture.
‘Yes, and as you suspect, it will be booby-trapped, ‘I’ll go first; it should recognise me as a friend. Please follow.’
The others stayed away while Sark sent an energy pulse at the door. It slid upwards, and another tunnel came into view. Instead of rough rock, its walls were of smooth metal, and the wall-lights still worked. Sark moved inside and directed his crystal at a control panel. ‘This controls the traps. If anyone entered this tunnel without an operational Hyclos crystal, it would kill them.’
‘Can you neutralise the mechanism?’
‘Perhaps, I’ll find something on the ship.’
‘There’s no need. Go and join the others, Sark, I will do it.’

He nodded and did as she asked. As soon as Doella was sure he was safe, she closed the outer door to prevent any dangerous power from escaping into the channel and causing it to collapse. She sent a pulse of blue energy towards the panel. There was a flash of light inside the tunnel, and when it dissipated, Doella opened the door and called the others to join her.
Core arrived first. ‘You are unharmed, Doella. That was a large explosion, and you were in the middle of it.’
‘Very disconcerting.’
Core smiled at her, which was a rare event these days. ‘As I keep asking, who and what are you now, Doella?’ Behind his words lay concern for her - not fear, she noted with relief.
‘I must admit, I wonder that too,’ she replied.
They closed the door, deactivated their bubbles, and walked along the tunnel, which curved slightly.
‘Why is it curved,’ asked Core?
Sark replied. ‘If a subway is very long and completely straight, anyone travelling along it may become disorientated and uncomfortable. The slight curves hide the perspective. Small cars moved along that rail.’ He pointed to the floor.
‘I wish we had one now; this tunnel is endless,’ said Parsos.

A little way further on, they found the car, a seat, which travelled along the rail. They sat, and Sark used his crystal to set it in motion.
‘These cars were utilised for inspection. The tunnels are only emergency routes; there’d have been a lift to the surface, probably where the hole is.’ The car stopped before another door.
‘This one isn’t booby-trapped,’ said Sark, ‘the panels not working.’
Doella stood before it and turned to smile at Sark. ‘There are Hyclos in there!’
Sark nodded. ‘I can sense them too, but they are trying to shield their presence from us.’
‘Not surprising,’ she said, ‘we must terrify them. You’d better go first, and then Parsos. Wylane, come last.’

The door opened, and they walked into a large storeroom. The Hyclos were inside, Doella and Sark felt their confusion. He called out for them to show themselves and not to be afraid. There was a long silence before a lone male stepped out, two more followed.

They sensed Sark’s happiness, and realising there was no threat, more Hyclos came out of hiding. The first man moved forward, he bowed and then gave a warm smile. He and Sark exchanged stories; then he introduced the others, and Sark did the same. They were uneasy over Parsos, but he coped well with it.
Doella said. Give it time, Parsos; their lives have changed, and so will they.
‘I have plenty of time,’ he answered. ‘Time is all I have.’ He turned to look at her directly for the first time since she’d healed him. She touched his arm gently to comfort him.

The Hyclos readily accepted Doella and Core, who were from a companion race; but the hatred, which Wylane provoked, was so intense even Sark was shocked. Wylane didn’t try to conceal his dragon signature.
Doella stepped forward and said quietly. ‘He is not one of the wild dragons, he is my son. He is created to save worlds, not destroy them.’ Mentally she told the Hyclos her story, leaving very little out.
They were shocked; the first man bowed low and spoke aloud. ‘My name is Row. Welcome, Doella, and we greet your friends too. We are grateful you found us.’
Doella smiled at him and nodded back. Row led them to their living quarters. More Hyclos waited there - fifteen of them, all male. Row did the introductions. Again, the fear and hatred Wylane elicited was strong. Even when they were told he wasn’t a wild dragon, their pain didn’t diminish.

Doella contacted Carnos to tell him what was happening. They were offered food and drink; and while they ate, they talked.
‘Please, Row, won’t you repeat your story aloud so everyone can share it? Why were you left?’ asked Doella.
‘Papoe was the leader…’ he began.
‘The same woman who marooned me on Karth,’ interrupted Sark, ‘but she wasn’t the main leader then.’
‘She has no liking for males, Sark. We were left because we weren’t part of her new order. She’d become ruler and placed women in important posts. And anyone who disagreed with her methods disappeared.’
‘How could this happen?’ asked Doella.
‘The two sexes lived apart for a long time.’ Row shrugged.
‘Yes, we know.’
‘I don’t think they cared whether we males lived or died. No one came to help.’ He turned to Sark, his eyes angry. ‘They do not use us for breeding now, they just farm our genes.’ Row shuddered.
‘I’m not surprised; it started before she imprisoned me.’

Row continued, ‘The babies are not carried by women anymore but by machines. They grow male children until they are old enough to give sperm, and then they destroy them. We discovered the data after the women went. They marked us for extinction. We are the last of a large group, taken from their regular positions and placed in this facility to do menial chores. When the dragons came, the women fled in haste. We believe they took some of us with them. We were the lucky ones because we survived. They locked us in here, not caring whether we lived or died; but they left many men on the surface too…’ He couldn’t finish his sentence. Everyone was silent. He recovered his voice again. ‘They did not care!’ He paused for a moment. ‘It took us a while to get the power working, and we were in the dark without food and water. We were able to see outside, but with our limited resources, we couldn’t go far, and we discovered no one else. We have been here for so long.’
Doella agreed with him. ‘We didn’t find any other signatures, but I’ll make sure before we leave.’
Row was calmer now. ‘They adjusted our crystals so we can’t go between and escape.’
‘They did the same to me,’ said Sark, ‘but I now have the means to correct it.’
‘They used the men they did not want, as bait for the dragons while they escaped. They destroyed their ships; I don’t know how many.’ Row raised his hands in grief.

Wylane spoke, his strange hissing voice upsetting the Hyclos. ‘Why didn’t you fight the women?’ he asked.
‘We are not dragons,’ said Row angrily, ‘Our race has not fought for thousands of years.’
‘You may have to learn.’ Wylane smiled, and the Hyclos recoiled.
Doella interrupted. ‘Row, come with us, and find where your people are? There is room on our ship for you, and Sark can reinstate your crystals to full use.’

There was a brief silence as if the prisoners couldn’t believe they were free from their prison, followed by an overwhelming sense of joy. The Hyclos bowed their heads in agreement and relief.
‘I have an ask,’ said Doella, ‘do you have any spare crystals for the other Varan on our ship?’
Row looked surprised, for he had noticed Doella’s crystals, but he replied: ‘Yes, we have. They were valuable items to leave, but they were in a hurry to escape.’
‘Do you realise where they are headed?’ asked the ever-efficient Core.
‘We know the direction; we doubt if they knew where they were going themselves.’
‘It’s a start,’ said Core. He stood up and followed Row to the data storage point.
There was plenty of room on the ship for everyone to have their own quarters and to stow their equipment. They left many items for possible retrieval later, except for the precious crystals. Sark soon allocated them to Varan and reinstated the Hyclos’ to full use. Doella had never seen Sark so upset. His distress made him silent, and he didn’t respond when she touched his shoulder in sympathy.
Parsos watched Doella trying to comfort her lover. ‘He’ll get over it, Doella,’ he said with concern. ‘You healed me; perhaps you can help him too. His fears have resurfaced. He has found his people, but it has not been a happy homecoming. Even if we find New Hyclo, he isn’t convinced it will offer a home for us.’
‘And you, Parsos?’
‘I expect nothing,’ he said and left the room.
Sark trained everyone to pilot the vessel. He explained how their minds interfaced with the ship’s artificial intelligence and showed them the configured crystal held in stasis in a cubicle at the core. They recognised the ship had a personality, but it was subtle and elusive; an impressive achievement by its creators.
Sark went to his room to rest without seeking Doella’s company. She was concerned and went to his quarters to find him. He was not in bed but sitting in a chair.
‘Doella, I am exhausted,’ he said.
‘I only want to talk to you; may I?’ He nodded, and she sat on the floor beside him. ‘Please tell me how I can help. You have been so depressed since we came to Hyclo.’
He stroked her hair. ‘Hyclo is destroyed, and so is my culture. Even if we find New Hyclo, what then? We won’t receive a welcome by the sound of it.’
‘I’ve been giving that thought too. If the majority are content with the world Row described we won’t be allowed to stay, but do some prefer things to be otherwise? Those in power are killing off the surplus men, against civilised behaviour. Many people must think this horrific?’
‘I find it unbelievable,’ said Sark, to himself.
‘You need a suitable planet where you can start over again, with the sexes living together and raising their children. Female dominance to fade away and your race become as great as it once was.’
‘You are so certain what we should do, Doella.’
‘Yes, I am. I’m different in lots of ways, and surer of my actions. I think less and feel more.’ She touched her blue crystals.
‘Would you stay on this new planet with me, Doella?’
Doella raised her head. ‘That’s up to you, and the others must agree, but I don’t want to lose you.’
‘There are other Hyclos men.’
She teased him. ‘You are like Wylar when he kept Wylane and others away from me. He threatened to kill them if they touched me as a hominid, but when I was a dragon, he didn’t mind.’
Sark said. ‘Row is fascinated by our relationship.’
‘Oh Sark,’ she said, laughing now, ‘he’s a young man, and curious because I’m nothing like the females he knows. I’ll set Dolar on him.’
‘He’s terrified of her.’
‘I can make you happier. Your black mood is upsetting everyone, not just me.’
He didn’t answer. Doella stood up moved to the back of the chair and held his head between her hands as he had once done to her on Kayth long ago. A soft blue light flowed into his mind.
Sark sighed.
‘Better?’ she asked.
‘Thank you.’
‘Are you still tired?’
‘No,’ he answered.

Chapter 14
They were ready to leave. No other live signatures were discovered, and the reluctant Hyclos said a sad farewell to their once beautiful home. Doella moved the ship in the most logical direction, as indicated by the data Row showed them, although they couldn’t be sure where the survivors headed.
The control area became the meeting place, as it was the largest in the vessel, apart from the holds. The middle of the room now contained a large table.
At the first session, Sark outlined Doella’s plans. Many had misgivings whether these ideas would lead them to the Hyclos or not, but they voiced their approval. No one came up with a better idea. Varan was not a choice. They realised Doella’s suggestion of spying on Hyclos before announcing their arrival was sensible. It was a small chance the situation might improve for the males; depending on if Papoe was still in charge.
Row looked at Doella. I can’t, she spoke to herself; I like your pale hair and those strange light blue eyes, so different from Sark’s. He is handsome. She sighed to herself and looked away. I won’t hurt Sark.

Doella spoke to Dolar about Row, and her granddaughter watched her. In intimate mode, she responded to Doella, I’m trying, but he’s terrified of me. The trouble is grandmother, if it wasn’t for your feelings for Sark, you’d take him as a lover.
Keep it to yourself! Doella understood she’d changed.

Dolar knew she wanted to talk and visited her grandmother’s quarters.
‘Dolar, once, yes. As any young Varan, I did what my body urged; but I can’t hurt Sark. I don’t want him to leave me. Of all my dear loves, he’s the one I can least afford to lose. Who else understands me as he does?’
‘Grandmother, you’ve changed. Your relationships are serious, and this idea clashes with the dragon part of you, which desires freedom. You should have a child to take your mind off your confusion; it might help settle you.’
Doella stared at her granddaughter. ‘You are wise, Dolar, I need more babies. I’ve enough dragon-children for the time being, but I may never see my Varan ones again.’
‘It has been obvious to me for a while.’
Doella kissed her, then ran out of the room and looked for Sark.

His reaction was one of bewilderment.
‘But you said we could mate with none of the usual genetic tampering,’ she argued. ‘I’m not a Varan any longer, so it doesn’t matter I’m not married; why should it? This journey is a long one, so it’s a perfect time to start.’
‘How will Carnos and Haris react? And Wylane?’
‘I’ll ask them. I’ve thought of having a dragon hominid child this way too. It might be difficult, but you and Carnos could help.’
‘Doella, neither of our races approves of mixing genes.’
‘They should. Parsos and Haris are beautiful.’
‘That’s not a sensible argument. Look at the trouble they’ve had in coming to terms with not belonging to either race. What if our child inherits the worst from both races?’
‘Sark, I won’t go ahead if you don’t want a child.’ She was disappointed.
‘Doella, my head says it’s a bad idea - one of your strangest - but my heart does not.’
She took this as a yes. ‘I will make myself receptive. Wait here and I’ll return soon.’
Varan women possessed a natural contraceptive. Without this, because of their long and fertile lives, the Varan’s would’ve exhausted their resources. As their life spans increased and overpopulation became a problem, genetic tampering introduced a useful method of controlling conception. Now they only produced an egg when they wished for a child, but it took concentration to prepare.
Doella immersed herself in the bath she’d installed. She relaxed, forgetting how Simune bullied her into this course of action. Now she did it for love.
She knew when she was ready and went to Sark.
He was waiting for her. ‘Are you sure, Doella?’
‘Yes, and it will be a girl.’
‘A daughter to help start a new Hyclos race?’ he asked, considering her reasoning.
‘Perhaps…’ Her children must be free and never do what was convenient for someone else.
It surprised Doella at other lovers’ reactions. Wylane laughed and, as Dolar, said he didn’t understand why she hadn’t thought of it earlier.
‘I suppose they take so long to carry, it’s not laying an egg,’ she replied, ‘besides the Varan are very conservative with family life.’

Carnos suppressed jealousy she’d chosen Sark first. But said he understood her reasoning, and he’d be glad to be a father, even if it wasn’t the way he’d planned.
Haris was still not happy with his passion for Doella. Now he shared her with another two men and worse, her dragon son. He surprised himself by agreeing and looking forward to it. If he continued to be part of her life, he thought he could cope, but doubts always nagged at him when he was alone.
‘There will be more hybrids than full Hyclos or Varan on this ship soon,’ he laughed, which was something he’d not done for a long time.

Doella was amazed and happy at their attitudes, especially Carnos, who’d been sure they’d return home and one day she’d marry him. Everything, which happened lately, made that simple idea now impossible. Dolar was right; these relationships were serious.

If Doella thought she’d relax until the child was born, she was wrong. It soon became obvious from her rapidly swelling belly this was no ordinary pregnancy.
Carnos scanned her. ‘The foetus is well developed, though it’s only been a few hours since conception. It must be your blue crystals.’
‘I’m not surprised. I had my dragon eggs much quicker than the other females, but I carried my Varan babies for the usual ten months.’
‘Perhaps your crystal wasn’t working,’ suggested Carnos.
‘It felt dormant, except for one time when I wanted to kill Simune.’ She paused, and Carnos sensed her pain, ‘If the baby continues to develop at this rate, it will be due in ten days.’
‘You’ll fill the ship with your offspring.  We could convert a hold into a nursery.’ But he was only half-joking. ‘We’ll be in this interlamina for a long time, and there won’t be much else to do.’
 ‘I never “married” Sark or Wylar, so it’s late to worry about formalities now.’
The baby girl was born ten days later. Sark named the girl Rucella, a Varan name. Tikela and Losi couldn’t take their eyes off the child, and Doella let them hold her. Having the infant on-board lifted everyone’s spirits. Even the Hyclos were happy. They didn’t consider the baby a hybrid, something to hide from sight, and it helped Parsos too.
Doella breast-fed her. It was not the custom on Varan or Hyclos, but she enjoyed the experience. She often had an audience who looked on with a mixture of amazement and pleasure. Doella’s nurturing didn’t appear primitive, but as natural as creation. Her actions healed many hurt psyches. She needed to feed the baby constantly, for Rucella developed as quickly out of the womb as in it.

The girl had her mother’s green eyes, but her form was Hyclos and her hair her father’s black colour. Her skin was a darker gold than her mothers, with a hint of bronze. It overjoyed Sark. Doella knew he was more secure after the birth of his daughter, and she was sure he’d not leave his family.

She finished feeding Rucella, when the child was two years old in normal terms, a week in reality. Doella was so busy she'd been unable to indulge in her pleasures, and glad the baby weaned fast.

Although Doella wanted to wait a while, Carnos was eager for his child after watching Rucella. Core estimated they’d travel in this spatial lamina for an earth planet sun orbit, and it would take them halfway across the galaxy. They’d be longer finding the Hyclos women. It was too long ago to pick up a trail. They’d stay in the grey sameness of the wide, fast-flowing interlamina for a while.

‘So there’s plenty of time for you to have a large family,’ said Core to Doella. ‘At the rate you have children, you could produce many hybrid races to keep your dragon brood company.’ His words sounded so unlike the Core she’d once known.
‘What’s the matter with you?’ She frowned at him. ‘You are an unnatural Varan yourself. Why won’t you take pleasure with me? Is it because you fear if you join with me I might see deep inside you? What are you hiding?’ she demanded. Core walked out of the room.

Carnos overheard the conversation and spoke to Doella. ‘What do you suspect?’
‘I’m sure he wants me, but he is frightened. He hides something he’s ashamed of and knows with my increased powers he can’t hide from me.’
‘Leave him alone, Doella. Why must you take every man you are fond of to bed?’
Carnos was angry. Before she could reply, she received a personal call from Dolar.
Grandmother, come quickly.
Doella hurried to her quarters.
‘I seduced Row, as you suggested,’ said Dolar as she entered, ‘he is badly hurt and won’t let me near him again so I can treat him.’

Row writhed in agony, his nose bled and he clutched his stomach. Dolar shrugged but looked concerned. ‘He doesn’t have Hath’s experience,’ she offered as an apology.
‘You’d better leave, Dolar. I’ll heal him.’
Doella sat on the bed and put her hands on his head. Her blue crystals sparkled, lighting up the room, and Row opened his eyes. Doella wiped the blood away. She smiled at him and stroked his face. His hands moved to her breasts, which fascinated the Hyclos, and he opened the front of her dress. She reached for his erect penis and caressed him. Row moaned as she kissed his body while she continued to touch him. She put him inside her and made love to him. After his climax, he clung to her, his mind and body happy.
Doella moved from the bed and adjusted her dress. ‘Go to sleep, Row, and rest for a while.’

She went to her quarters. Sark was there, playing with their daughter.
‘I felt your pleasures. Was I that way at first?’
She sensed no anger or resentment in him. ‘You were a reluctant and very formal Hyclos. You refused to give in to your feelings, don’t you remember? Row was unique because he has not spent time as a Hyclos; he was born in a different era and doesn’t know the traditional customs, except for what he has seen in data. In many respects, he is freer and more able to absorb new ideas than you were.’
‘The horrific changes to our culture were only just beginning when I was his age. During the time I spent on Karth, everything sped up, culminating in a state of affairs which would once have been impossible.’
‘But we’d never met if Papoe hadn’t stranded you there.’
‘I know.’
‘Any regrets?’
‘No.’
‘I’ll find Carnos.’
‘Yes.’
Bearing Carnos’ child was a repeat of Rucella. But this time she chose a boy. She let Carnos name him.
‘Donas,’ he said, delighted with both mother and infant.
She fed the baby as before, believing it made the bond between them stronger. Not only that, but her milk helped them to grow faster. She was glad when the boy was weaned. Children interfered with her pleasures.
Rucella was no longer a baby, but a girl who grew up fast. She played with her half-brother. Tikela and Losi were part of the growing family. The babies healed the children’s pain in a more natural way than Doella could.
The monotonous interlamina journey continued.
Core assessed their position. ‘We have an average year here, depending on any abnormal flux lines, and then we’ll be back in ordinary space, where the data suggested the Hyclos fleet may have emerged. They based their plans on earlier journeys undertaken centuries ago… unless they changed their minds. We are guessing.’
‘Then we can continue our journey in normal space until it’s time to go back,’ said Doella, dreading it.
Core and Doella had an uneasy truce. She believed after the strange life she’d led, nothing in Core’s past could shock her. She knew he tried to avoid her. He’d almost faltered and spoken to her a few times, but always regained his self-control.
Three days after she weaned Donas, Doella prepared an egg and asked Haris to join her. In a few weeks, she’d another baby. Haris’ son, who looked like his male parent.
‘Wurlud, for my father,’ Haris said, naming him.

The children grew. At first, she was concerned their accelerated growth meant a shortened life span, so Carnos and Sark carried out tests. They believed once the youngsters reached adulthood, that normal ageing would begin. It still worried her. She remembered her own time on Earth, she couldn’t stay with her friends, as they grew old. She missed her time there, determined to find somewhere where she could live a simple life again. A well-earned holiday, she thought and smiled.

There were three more babies. Daughters, for Carnos and Haris. They were called Suella and Calar; and a son for Sark, who named him Sarn. The once empty ship was now full of happiness, and the children delighted everyone.
She knew Row would’ve liked a child too, but he understood their relationship wasn’t permanent. He accepted it, and grateful for their infrequent lovemaking.
In typical Varan fashion, Doella was content for others to rear her children. But if three of her lovers were happy with their offspring, Wylane was not. She’d tried with him, but it didn’t work. They were both disappointed, and she asked Carnos and Sark to help them have a hominid baby.

They’d been travelling for a long time using interlamina, but they reached the co-ordinates found in the Hyclos data and entered actual space once more.

Chapter 15
They were about to enter actual space, and everyone felt enormous relief to be coming out of interlamina. They gathered in the crowded bridge room to watch. Glistening stars replaced the greyness, and a stunning cloud of yellow and pink matter and gases was before them. None of them recognised the formation.
‘Beautiful,’ said Sark, ‘but here among these countless formations, how will we find the Hyclos?’
‘We will, Sark,’ Doella said, ‘but it may take time.  I want to get off this ship and feel fresh air and sunlight on my body.’
Everyone agreed.
It took a while to discover a suitable planet with the appropriate atmosphere and temperature. Large lizard creatures populated most of the world, but they found a small island devoid of them, and Wylane and Dolar checked it out. They didn’t land because of damaging the tiny island’s fragile environment. Instead, they hovered above - taking turns in the pilot’s seat. They erected safety barriers so everyone could enjoy swimming from a narrow beach. Their greatest pleasure was watching the children at play.
In normal terms, Rucella was coming into womanhood, and as predicted, her growth rate had stabilised. She was pretty and as sure of herself as her mother. She’d decided she liked Row, even though he slept with her parent.

‘Doella, how should we consider it?’ Sark asked, indicating Rucella, who watched Row playing ball with the younger children. Doella smiled, which annoyed him. ‘There’s plenty of time yet,’ he continued, ‘her growth rate is normal, so we won’t worry.’
 ‘Varan women develop early, and experiment with sex at a young age… even though it’s not serious.’
‘I am aware, Doella,’ said Sark, unhappy he lost his daughter too fast, ‘but at least it will prevent Row from always following you.’
‘Like an Earth puppy,’ finished Doella, laughing. Sark looked puzzled. ‘I’ll miss him.’ she said, as he grabbed her. She ran to the ship and Sark followed her.
After they made love, Sark returned to the beach. He’d agreed not to place any obstacles in Rucella’s path with Row.

It was Doella’s turn to sit in the navigator’s seat for a while, and she took over from Core. She apologised for being late. ‘Sorry, we should do something about this odd system, strange in such an advanced craft. I’ll take time to see if I can find out if somethings not set right. It’s convenient in one way as we have all learned to navigate, maybe that’s the reason.’ She looked puzzled. Everything happened for a reason.
For once, Core forgot to be sarcastic. ‘I’m happy working, Doella. I’ve got through a great deal now it’s peaceful.’
Whoever was in the pilot’s seat could interface with the ship’s data-stream, providing they had a crystal. The children couldn’t, and Carnos rigged a holo-imager up to basic information facilities so they could learn from the Hyclos and Varan data-streams attached to it.

‘It’s interesting to compare our inputs. Both Varan and Hyclos explored this section of space many millennia ago, and so did the Rosarians. We never returned after the first explorations, and as far as I’m aware, neither did the Hyclos. The Rosarians did, but it was a long time ago. Most of their data will no longer be accurate. I am comparing the three collections of data and using our theory of futurism to give us an idea of what we may find. There should be little advanced technology so we must follow those leads. Since the Hyclos need contacts and trade agreements, we should look for those too. I found twenty likely signatures so far.’
‘Our people should’ve kept on exploring,’ said Doella.
‘I agree, instead we turned into policemen, monitoring potential threats.’
‘An unusual admission from a Karish, Core, but we both realise the Varan prefer to stay close to home.’
‘Not only are we doing little exploration now, but we are abandoning many operational Varos bases, and not commissioning new ones. We are becoming even fonder of “home”,’ Core admitted.
‘I’ll continue the search.’ Doella took over the seat. ‘Why don’t you go outside and relax for a change. You’ll be safe. I won’t be there to tease you.’ He stopped for a moment, and she sensed he wanted to speak to her. ‘You don’t approve of me as you once did.’
‘Yes. I believed you were a brave and resourceful woman who loved her people.’
‘And now?’
‘You are selfish. It is not Varan to have four partners and a brood of offspring by different fathers, and you care only for your pleasure.’
‘But I’m no longer a Varan. You first made that observation. I love my husbands, and I was born to create many children. Perhaps some of them will be yours.’
He didn’t leave at her teasing remarks as she half-expected, but said. ‘Every day I wake up and speculate what I am doing here on this ship full of rogues?’
‘You are curious, and here for Varan. You fear what I am, just as I do. Forget you are a policeman and swim; the water is lovely and warm.’
He took her advice.
During her watch, she completed more of the survey. Kaythen, one of the Hyclos, came to relieve her, and she explained what she and Core did. He approached the task so eagerly it made her smile.
She sat in a chair next to him. The lights on the Rosarian console lit up his face. ‘What do the Hyclos believe might happen if we find your people?’
He turned to her. ‘We’re not convinced they will receive us, or if they do, they will use us well. We, males, have been discarded by the whims of the women for a while. We hope there might be change but doubt it. Papoe got rid of everyone who didn’t agree with her. We’ve been thinking of finding somewhere else to live; in time we may marry your daughters and start a new race. Although we will need more choices genetically for a long-term solution. It will take time, but we’ve learnt patience, imprisoned for so long in a dead world.’
Doella sensed his hope and his pain and smiled. ‘I’ll produce a daughter for all of you, and everyone as pretty as Rucella.’ Kaythen smiled. But Doella remembered her promise to her children and Kaythen understood this new world would never be as the old.
They were reluctant to leave the sphere. There were hundreds of interesting planets in this area of the galaxy, and they agreed on which course to follow.
The first world they surveyed was a disappointment in one sense, and a triumph in another. It was uninhabited, but an old Hyclos marker on its icy surface caused a technological signature. The planet must’ve interested the Hyclos when they first explored this region, so it looked as if they proceeded in the right direction. They found the reason for the marker; there were several valuable mineral deposits.

 ‘Many of the planets in this sector could be of use to the Varan, too. We could settle a few outposts, even start Earth forming. We need to make us a forward-thinking, vibrant race again.’ Core suggested.
‘Next door to a mad Hyclos woman; no thanks,’ said Carnos, aghast at the idea.
‘She may still be a long way off,’ Sark reminded him.
They had a party. Doella and Haris showed the children early Earth-style dances, to the amusement and sometimes amazement of the other races. The Hyclos were far too formal and dignified to dance, and the Varan had forgotten how; but Wylane and Dolar joined in, quickly learning the steps. They’d congregated in the nursery, which was one of the storage holds set up to house the youths.
Doella grabbed Row and brought him into the swirling circle, and before long, he was laughing along with the others. Soon everyone was dancing, although many were less than graceful and didn’t understand the rhythm. Haris made the music with replicated instruments, but Doella was the only one who remembered the dances’ original meanings. She and Haris’ heads were full of their ancient rhythms as they went to bed.

Sark sought Doella the next morning. She was monitoring. It was early in the “day”, and after their exertions the night before, most of the others still slept.
‘After you and Haris left, Row wanted to speak to me,’ he said.
‘Let me guess - more daughters? I promised Kaythen to provide them with one each, but neither was being serious. I hoped we might find willing Hyclos females.’
‘Rucella is far more beautiful than present-day Hyclos women,’ Sark said.
‘But surely your men find them attractive? Even if they look like men to the Varan.’
‘And to us.’
‘No wonder you were happy to let me seduce you.’
‘They didn’t always. Once they had soft features and bodies. It’s as if they despise their sex, or prefer to be androgynous. I don’t know when it went wrong and how, or why they detest men so much.’
‘Your race has been heading for trouble for a long time, Sark. Did males try to control the women? Perhaps it started then. Our history suggests before they established our present records, men tried to be the lawmakers. Women were the mothers, and their only other role was to make the males comfortable. It is the same on most of our Earths, and the men fight hard to maintain their supremacy - I’ve seen it at close quarters. In earlier history, the woman had important parts to play, mainly concerning wisdom, which withers when the martial male takes over.’
He nodded. ‘You may be right. Row wants to marry Rucella,’ he said, changing the subject and watching her reaction.
‘He knows there’s no future with me, and he craves a family and security to make up for the awful way they’ve been treated. It’s perfect; he’s a good man, and Rucella’s adored him since she was a little girl. They will be happy together. She resembles me on the surface, but deep down she’s as sensible as her father.’

Sark was unsure what to think; everything happened too fast.  Rucella was physically a woman, but only a short time ago she was a child. Suddenly he found peace amid his chaos, and he smiled. ‘I’d like another little girl to help get over losing Rucella.’
‘Yes, my love, we will.’

Doella asked Rucella to come and see her. ‘My dear one, there’s something I need to discuss with you.’
Rucella looked expectant. She took her usual seat at her parent’s feet and placed her head on Doella’s lap so her mother could stroke her hair, but she did not relax and raised her slanted green eyes to her mother’s face.
‘Row would like to wed you. Are you willing?’
Rucella’s mental joy was great. She smiled and said. ‘Oh yes, more than anything.’
‘Although biologically you are old enough to marry, you’ve not developed normally and in many respects are still a child. Your mind grew with your body, but you’ve so little experience of life and I must tell you everything I can to help you make a sensible decision.’
‘I am not a child, mother.’
‘No, but that’s strange to us, and your father and I need what is best for you. You may resemble me in other respects. As a young Varan I couldn’t bear to be tied to a merger to one man,’ she showed Rucella her memories of her marriage to Simune and her great unhappiness. Though she loved her children, her need to leave him was stronger than her love for them. ‘Can you be happy? You will live a long life, and what if you find you want someone else? It’d destroy Row, and he is a dear, kind man.’
‘I am your daughter, and I agree your marriage to Simune was unhappy. But you didn’t love him, and now you can’t choose between your lovers, and so you tie yourself to no one. I love Row, and ready to marry him. I understand your concern. I’m still young by Varan and Hyclos standards; but as my body has developed, so has my mind. You can sense I’m not a child, and there are no rules aboard this ship to decide everything must be based on old customs. Only Core resists these changes, but everyone else knows we’ve our way of doing things.’ It surprised Doella, pleased by her daughter’s answer. ‘Mother, I’ve dreamt Row would notice me. You are beautiful and know how to please a man. I was frightened he might not learn to love me, but stay in your bed instead.’
Doella understood her daughter only had a basic knowledge of sexual matters, although her developing body told her she wanted Row. ‘Rucella, I never meant him to stay with me. He was lonely, and I was kind to him, as any well brought up single Varan female. I’ll instruct you how to please him. I am happy he has found the love he seeks. Your father will implant your crystal soon, and I’ll tutor you how to enjoy your lovemaking and make Row happy.’
Sark brought two hundred unused crystals from old Hyclo. There was no data on how they were produced; all he knew was a male priesthood controlled their manufacture. But what happened now on New Hyclo, he couldn’t guess. Once a Hyclos died, their crystal died with them.

A few days before her wedding, Rucella had her crystal inserted so she could familiarise herself with her new powers. This ceremony marked the start of her adult life. Her mother passed on to her what she needed, and Doella said, ‘Don’t worry, it’s natural, but more fun if you understand what to expect and how to respond.’
There was no Hyclos wedding tradition. The last one had occurred a long time ago, and they purged references from the files. Only archaic forms were documented, and no longer appropriate. Sark and Doella came up with an idea using forms derived from Earth and Levian-type cultures; a Varan marriage wasn’t proper either.
They dressed Rucella in an Earth-fashion white dress. They entwined her long silky black hair with scented flowers from the replicator. Doella stepped back to admire her handiwork. She was proud of her daughter. Her lithe, youthful body revealed its curves through the thin fabric of her gown.

Sark gave his daughter to Row, and Core performed a binding ceremony. This was followed by happy feasting, and they danced. Her husband took Rucella to their quarters while everyone else continued with the party and tried not to trespass on the couple’s first night together.
Even Doella danced, assuring a nervous Kaythen her impending baby was safe. The Hyclos were fascinated by her swollen belly, wondering if the next girl would be as lovely as Rucella. She felt a sudden pang of doubt. She betrayed her principles by supplying potential brides for these men. Everyone must have the right to choose.

As if on cue, Core spoke to her in intimate mode. Another new race started by the goddess Doella.
Would you like a child too? asked Doella in the same sarcastic manner, wondering why their friendship had changed so much.
Core didn’t answer for a moment. Then he said. You realise if these men marry your Hyclos daughters and want to start their colony, the gene pool won’t stay healthy.
Yes; I am an Earth scientist. Core, why don’t you help me out with the genes?
Core left and retired to his quarters. His constant refusal intrigued Doella. Only Simune ever refused her, and he had an ulterior motive. Core must’ve something to hide, but why was he worried? As if she’d be shocked by anything!

Sark agreed with Core it was wise the Hyclos men took other wives as well as his girls, but would they find Varan acceptable? ‘Doella, the Hyclos are a conservative race, even more so than the Varan. They are used to the hybrids, but Rucella looks Hyclos, and your other daughters don’t.’
‘You’re not conservative - neither was Row.’
Sark shrugged. ‘They enhanced you. We had little choice,’ he smiled.
‘Liar. You could’ve resisted if you wanted. Times change; could you imagine a Hyclos dancing?’ She twirled around the room, enjoying her new flat tummy.
‘Our daughter’s hungry,’ said Sark, watching her.
‘I’ve been thinking. I could have another baby while I’m still feeding. I want to be free of babies when we reach the system Core found the other day; it looks interesting.’
‘You have missed little on our searches.’
‘What about those two iron-age worlds?’
‘Doella! A reptilian race peopled one planet, the other by something we haven’t got a category for.’
‘Fascinating.’
‘Everything is on data; you’ve seen it.’
‘It’s not the same as being there in person. That’s why I’m an anthropologist. Sark, why don’t we start a baby now, after I put Ducella to sleep.’
Doella had another three daughters in swift succession; Carera for Carnos, Shulla for Haris, and Sucra, Sarks. She finished feeding them before they reached the next sector. She was interested in the research.

Calar and Suella were entering womanhood, and as lovely as Rucella. She dressed them well and taught them the art of seduction. Being Doella’s daughters, they had no trouble understanding what their mother did. Sark smiled when he saw them discussing Varan poetry at the table on the bridge, but he remained silent. He found his life on board surreal, but was in no position to oppose what happened. He spent time with Haris, who still found it difficult to use his crystal. Haris only agreed because Doella caught him in a vulnerable mood. He appeared less volatile and accepted this strange new life, and adored his three children, Wurlud, Suella and now little Shulla.

Sark heard the girls giggling as he left. Three Hyclos worked on the bridge and watched them with obvious pleasure. Doella decided she’d leave the rest to nature and followed Sark.
‘Sark, am I doing the right thing? Why am I doing this?’ She remembered what Timblis had said - her being “the mother of many races”.
‘I don’t understand what’s happening either. Everything is out of control and yet it’s natural. My love, once you think instead of reacting, you become confused.’

Doella changed the subject. ‘I’ve been practising my shape-shifting, and now I can guide you through the processes as you once did for me. Why don’t you try out other forms?’ she cajoled.
‘I promised Haris I’d help him with his crystal. Besides, I don’t remember where I put my power bracelet.’
‘Here it is,’ said Doella, holding it out. Sark took it from her. ‘I’ve been thinking of using a change of form so we can look at these races. It makes sense, Sark. Wylane and Dolar will go with me, but you could come as well. It’s more fun when not confined in a bubble.’
‘Doella, it’s not as easy for me. Remember how long it took me to be a dragon, and how much longer before I could fly.’
‘Yes, but you didn’t have anyone to guide you then. Come on, let’s practise this; I’ll help you.’ She turned herself into a replica of one of the intelligent lizard-like species they’d found earlier.
It took Sark longer, but soon with Doella’s help, two reptilians stood there, wearing badly fitting clothes. Doella laughed, but it sounded like a steamy hiss.
They both changed back.
‘Even you looked ugly, Doella.’
‘There is an old Earth saying,’ said Doella. ‘ “Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.” ’
‘No more. I told you I promised Haris I’d help him with his crystal.’
‘I’ll let you go as long as you promise to try again.’ Reluctantly, Sark did so.
The Hyclos men now vied for Calar and Suella’s affections. They could see how happy Row was with his wife; and as Doella had expected, it didn’t matter the girls looked Varan rather than Hyclos. Old prejudices withered on this small starship. Sark wondered if this strange family was about the breaking of old barriers. Like many on-board, he believed Doella was crucial to a long-term ideology, but he could only guess what the plan might be.
‘The men are more receptive to change because of their isolation, and this crew is the only family they’ve known,’ Doella said to Sark.
‘Whereas I’ve been strictly brought up, but it didn’t stop me wanting you.’
‘You tried to be honourable when you discovered Carnos and I were married,’ Doella reminded him. ‘Your people have been off-balance for aeons; there is no substitute for a happy family life. What took place isn’t surprising?’
Sark looked sad. Doella was right - why did the once great Hyclos race fall?
‘Cheer up, Sark. Let’s try another shapeshift.’

It distracted him from his serious thoughts by the sight of Doella in the form of a large, brightly coloured bird which inhabited a planet near Varan. He changed too, but he wasn’t in the mood for Doella’s jokes.
Doella, I am tired of changing into these different creatures. You don’t want to try mating like this, do you, as you did when you were one of those felines?
No, it wasn’t pleasant I don’t see the point, apart from the beak on your face!
Sark changed back, not enjoying her Earth humour.
‘Sometimes your experiments are trying, Doella,’ he declared, picking up his robe on the floor.
Doella turned back too, ‘It’s fun,’ she declared.
‘Fine for you, but the effort wears me out. Only Haris shares this sense of humour with you. Why can’t you ask him to play?’
‘I will, once he has mastered his crystal.’ She tried to keep her face straight but dissolved into peals of laughter.
The next planet they visited was devoid of life. The unusual reading they’d found proved to be a marker for a mineral deposit. While they analysed this, Wylane, Dolar and Doella flew as dragons, stretching their bodies, happy to be free and invigorated. But most on the ship felt their old terror renewed as they watched, for their wild cousins had devastated so many worlds.
At last, they arrived at the densely populated system Doella was anxious to explore.

Chapter 16
A rudimentary form of space travel existed in this spatial grid, adequate to serve a low-tech populated area like this one.
Core and Carnos were as adept as Doella in managing the ship’s various functions. Although they too sensed it was capable of more, like travelling without a pilot - which at present it declined to do. Doella needed as many of the crew as possible to access the systems, so before any serious research looked for how the ship could fly without their input, she made sure everybody was competent. Those who tried the experiments were successful, except for Haris, who still resisted his enhancements. Sark told him it was not a physical problem, but caused by his early abhorrence of technology. Everyone knew Haris was giving up his involvement in automation - only Doella could wash his mind of whatever held him back.

For now, their primary goal was to find news of the Hyclos, and they headed for a likely planet, a main trading centre. They established a high orbit to avoid the local space traffic and scanned the surface.
‘There are no Hyclos signatures,’ stated Core.
‘But they may know an advanced technology in this sector,’ suggested Sark. ‘Even fairy tales could give us a lead.’
‘There is nothing “fairy-like” about the Hyclos women,’ said Haris ‘from the way you described them. And I don’t see why they couldn’t be anywhere in the lamina, so why are we looking in just one stratum?’ he asked, changing the subject.

Sark explained. ‘Few ships have enough power to go into the different lamina. Those vessels were rare on Hyclo, as we became insular. We have no idea how many they still have? This journey may have taken long years.’
‘I understand,’ Haris nodded, still struggling with the complication of lamina physics. ‘So how many races are there?’
Doella answered. She was excited at the prospect of being able to use her new shape-shifting skills at last.
‘Eleven main ones - but there are subspecies. I’ve never seen such a varied mix; odd, they are not fighting instead of trading with each other. I’ve decided what we will go as.’ She started the holograph, showing a weighty reptilian creature with a large scaly head, webbed feet, and tiny arms, dressed in a shiny suit. ‘Wylane, Dolar will go as these, and Sark will be…’ The image changed, and a furry animal stood there. Its form resembled an Earth bear, but it had bluish fur, huge ears, and enormous teeth. Everyone laughed. The holograph changed again. ‘I have always liked cats,’ she said, ‘what do you think?’ She was to be a half-feline, half-hominid individual. Her back and head were cat-like, her lower arms and legs coated with silvery, spotted fur. Her hands and feet each had four digits with retractable claws. The other part of her body displayed pale grey skin. She had six tiny breasts, and her exaggerated genitalia coated with bright red fur. She wore only a belt, containing many small pouches. ‘Well?’
‘You are the most attractive, Doella; but you’re not my type,’ said Carnos, happy he wasn’t going with them.

They went to the surface, near the main spaceport. From there they walked to the nearby commercial zone. The town was primitive as if it had sprung up with no plan in mind. Building materials were rare, and they made the older structures from mud adobe. As they neared the centre, they replaced most of these with modern components.

Listening to the various languages and dialects, they soon understood how to communicate, and Doella replicated local currency using a tiny replicator from one of her purses.
Where am I supposed to put it? asked Sark. It’s alright for the rest of you, you have pockets, but I’ve nowhere to keep it.
Look over there, said Dolar. The Froman is pulling money out of pouches in his cheeks.
Revolting! said Sark, but he stuffed the coins into his mouth.

The reptile Crechen were steady, dull and plodding. There was no sign of telepathic ability. Another larger feline species showed interest in Doella.
They are Sandosh, said Wylane, and they prefer to mate with your Crastrom. Wylane found it amusing Doella chose this shape.
Ugh, those Sandosh are dirty and smelly. Doella shuddered.
Well, grandmother, you shouldn’t have taken that form if you didn’t want to be admired, said Dolar with a mute laugh. And she laughed, even more, when a fat worm-like creature waddled by on its flipper feet. It resembled a yellow, bloated maggot with spidery arms.
If I had chosen that form, I don’t think anyone would speak to me, said Doella.
They joined in Dolar’s silent laughter.
They entered one of the many bars hidden in the ugly buildings. Inside they found an extraordinary world. Their dark interiors were illuminated with different coloured lights. It reminded Doella of the nightclubs on her Earth when she was Louise, and she was homesick for that life. But there was not this diverse number of higher species living together. Most were Sandosh and Froman. The Froman congregated in small groups, drinking something green and foaming, which smelt revolting. While Sandosh were more sociable, sitting with other races. The few Crastrom, all women, sat with Sandosh males and looked happy with the mauling the bigger felines gave them. There were no Sandosh females or Crastrom men.

Not a good choice of costume, Doella, said Sark.
I agree, I’m being looked at by every Sandosh here and I don’t like it.
As Dolar reasoned, unlike you not to want to be admired, said Wylane.

They walked over to the bar and decided what to order.
The barman was a Sandosh and said to Doella, ‘Glad you came. There aren’t enough of you here today - it’s bad for business. See the Sandosh there?’ he pointed to a large creature sitting on his own. ‘If you please him, he will pay well. He has had only male company for a long time.’ He laughed.
Doella looked over at him, and he indicated she should join him. The barman wouldn’t let her pay for her drink. He sounds promising, she said to the others.
If he touches you… Wylane sensed her disgust.
It’s fine; this is a good disguise. The Crastrom talents are prostitution. Let’s see what I can find.
Be careful, Doella reiterated Sark.
I’m sure my brave men will come to my aid, but don’t forget, I have a few tricks of my own. 

She walked over to the man, over-emphasising the sway of her hips as she had seen the other women do. There was a strange crest on his nose and as she neared, it changed from the dun colour of his fur to a bright red. Oh, that didn’t take much, she reported to her friends. Doella sat next to him; he was drunk. A Sandosh took orders for drinks, so Doella got his attention and ordered. ‘More of what this gentleman is having,’ she declared, hoping to get him more inebriated.
One of his paws moved around her shoulders and the other slid between her legs. Doella went rigid with shock. ‘You are the loveliest little woman I’ve ever seen.’ His voice was slurred and he smelt revolting, like a wet dog. ‘I’ve not had a female for a long time, let’s go.’ said the feline, who hadn’t introduced himself, he tried to stand and pull Doella along with him. ‘I told you, I need a woman!’

Doella wasn’t alarmed, but she was disgusted, and she sensed Wylane getting angry. So against every Varan law, she entered the man’s mind and searched through his memories. She made him drunker. He gripped her harder for a moment before he fell onto the floor. He was fast asleep. Doella sauntered back to the barman. ‘Some men can’t hold their drinks,’ she said, as if bored.
‘He is going to be mad when he wakes up to find himself alone,’ he replied. Two Sandosh on the door picked him up and threw him into the street. ‘I’m about to finish work. I own this bar so can afford you. Come upstairs with me and I’ll pay you well for your time.’
‘Fine,’ said Doella, following him upstairs.
He turned to her as soon as he’d closed the door; he was already erect and Doella pulled away repulsed at his swift response.
‘I’m paying you for sex, what’s the matter?’
‘Oh no, you are not,’ Doella said in Varan. He collapsed and fell backwards onto the bed. 

Doella took a few moments to recover before she re-entered the bar. Two Sandosh got up to approach her, but she headed for the door and the others followed.
Are you all right? Sark asked on their intimate mode. You seem upset.
I’m fine; it was a shock. Anthropology in the raw is better on an Earth planet; there I know what to expect. Sark didn’t answer but she knew his thoughts “I told you so”. It was worth it, I found out a great deal.
Doella hurried them to the ship via a network of quiet side streets. If Sark guessed why she needed a bath before she reported her findings, he didn’t comment.
When she returned to the control room, she’d recovered from her ordeal.
‘Sorry I kept you waiting; those Sandosh smelt terrible. I can still smell them now.’ She shuddered and glanced at Sark. ‘The drunken Sandosh was a dealer who’d just got back from a long journey in his primitive trader. He carried Dilas ore.’ She caught Core’s disapproving glance. She had broken another Varan law by reading the mind of a non-telepath uninvited. But the Hyclos were excited and gave no thought to her breaking tradition. They used Dilas ore in the manufacture of building material for Hyclos homes and cities; it retarded damp and rain and allowed the buildings to be shaped into the exaggerated sculptural forms the Hyclos loved. She waited a moment for them to calm.

‘He dropped off the ore at…’ She transmitted the co-ordinates, and the Sandosh’s memories of the transaction - a tall hooded figure showing him a container of metallic powder. ‘Raw Plessium,’ she said aloud. ‘The people in this sector use it as an additive to their fuels to improve its efficiency. Plessium is very expensive, and if his holds are full of it, I doubt he’d need to make another trading trip for a long time. And as you know they also use it in the manufacture of a recreational drug in low-tech societies, and worth more in that form.’ Then she showed them the hands of the hidden figure. The shorter second finger identified the species.
‘Hyclos!’ Row and Sark said together.

Doella presented more of the Sandosh’s memories. It had to be a Hyclos ship, but it was a deep space haulier. They must be a long way from New Hyclo. ‘We are heading in the right direction,’ said Doella, ‘and I got information from the barman.’
Only Sark noted her slight hesitation. ‘He used to own a bar here.’ She showed them another planet on the edge of a system, circling a yellow-green sun. ‘He had contacts with...’ Again she displayed an image from the bar owner’s mind. It was a Hyclos; she threw the hood back, revealing a glimpse of  her face. ‘Even though the Sandosh was trading with New Hyclo, he found its inhabitants forbidding. Now we know where to go, and can travel interlamina to take weeks off the journey.’
Everyone nodded except Core. ‘I thought you wanted to explore this area and mingle with the natives.’
‘No Core, we’ve found a lead,’ she answered. ‘They were of little interest apart from their appearance. Their society was the same as most others of their era.
Wylane and Dolar also read the minds of the customers in the bar. The Hyclos were people of myth - a dark and terrifying culture with no mercy.
‘So much has changed,’ said Sark.
‘There must be normal Hyclos left,’ Carnos wanted to encourage his friend.
‘I hope so,’ he replied.
After the meeting, Doella didn’t invite anyone to her room, but Sark went.
‘You guessed how I felt, didn’t you? It’s fine; he just took me by surprise. Nothing happened, but still …’ She shuddered again.
‘So the games are finished?’ He stooped to kiss her.
She nodded.

Chapter 17
With her usual resilience, Doella was fine by the next day. They travelled interlamina again to lessen the time to their destination. It would have taken the low-tech inhabitants of this sector several years to get there, but for them, only a few minutes. They emerged and cruised towards the sphere, passing its greenish sun as they did so.
‘It’s composed of an unusual combination of gases,’ said Core. ‘Note - there are new minerals in the solar system and an abundance of the better-known ones.’

The planet they headed for was pink-hued. This area was sparse in both planets and populations, but the rich mineral deposits available made it worth the long journey. Temperatures on the globe where sub-zero, and as they approached, they saw the dark red and white striated ice cover which caused the overall pink colour. It covered most of the surface, apart from a strip around the equator, a strip of vivid blue foliage.
‘It looks pretty from up here,’ said Doella, ‘although it must be freezing.’
Doella, who once enjoyed changing into any creature for her amusement, was now warier. The safest way was to change into a Hyclos and go with Sark and Row to the spaceport. Wylane suggested he should form himself around them in the shape of a small shuttle, which resembled a Hyclos runabout. An unknown - but not unsurprising dragon skill.

The others dressed in the hooded robes favoured by the females. They landed on a raised pad and no one challenged them. Wylane stayed behind in his “shuttle” while the other three walked along the covered walkway to the commercial centre, their hoods pulled low over their faces. Everyone gave them a wide berth. It was not as crowded as the earlier spaceport and much cleaner. The buildings were more substantial, and the walkway undercover, for warm, breathable air was added to the planet’s cold, thin atmosphere. The local species were the same as the first planet.
They soon found the bar. As they stepped in the people were nervous. Some finished their drinks quickly and left. Others walked out.
Wouldn’t you be terrified if you realised another race could read your mind? Suggested Sark.
I think it’s more than that, Doella remarked.

The anxious owner came running up to them, frightened at the thought of losing more customers. He inclined his head to them. ‘Welcome sisters - your usual suite, I take it? Please follow me; it hasn’t been long since your last visit.’ He led them to a bright room behind the bar, which contained a large table surrounded by chairs. ‘I’ll bring you Tré water.’
‘Ugh! Tré water,’ said Doella aloud.
‘Hush,’ said Sark, ‘you don’t sound Hyclos.’
‘Is this better?’ Doella lowered her voice and spoke without expression.
‘Be serious, Doella; he’ll be back soon.’ But Sark smiled.
I am, she replied, returning to mental speech. What are they doing stocking Tré water? The Hyclos must visit often.
They sat and the barman returned with a tray on which was a bottle of the Hyclos beverage and glasses. Sark drank the liquid with relish, but Doella sipped at hers, trying not to shudder. To her Varan palate, it tasted like dead fish kept in water for a week and then strained before serving. She noticed Row enjoyed it too. If you replicate this on board, then please keep it away from me, she said to her son-in-law.

The barman asked. ‘And how may I help my esteemed customers?’
‘We need another shipment of Dilas ore,’ Sark knew the tone of voice required.
‘Honoured sisters, it has not been long since the last one. Our miners are working as fast as possible.’
‘So are ours to supply you with raw Plessium. We are expanding and need more building materials,’ insisted Sark.
The Sandosh looked even more nervous and licked his lips. Doella noticed his odour was more pronounced. ‘Building?’
‘Why should that interest you, Sandosh?’ said Row. He made it sound threatening.
‘No reason, sisters. If you return in a few hours, I’ll see what we can offer you. I need to contact my colleagues.’ He held the door open for them as they left, but he looked distressed. The three “sisters” walked to the ship.
If it’s not been long between visits, we should be able to trace their signatures, said Row.
I agree, but let’s find out as much as we can first, urged Sark.
They were soon abroad the “shuttle”.
‘We should leave,’ said Wylane, ‘or they'll discover us.’
‘We’ve nothing to fear while you are here,’ Row urged. ‘We might learn more.’
‘No, Wylane is right - Hyclos are coming,’ agreed Doella.
‘The barman will be suspicious,’ suggested Row.
‘I doubt he’ll mention us to these sisters, just accept they are being autocratic and difficult. He is terrified of them, and won’t argue or mention us, no matter what they say.’ said Doella.

Wylane took his shuttle up and they headed back to the white ship. The expression on Doella’s face was one they understood. ‘We must visit those Plessium mines.’
‘Why, Doella?’ asked Row.
‘I can’t give a reason, but I’ve got a strong feeling we need to go there.’
‘I’d never disagree with you when you look like that,’ said Sark.
‘What look?’ asked Doella.
They laughed.
‘According to what you discovered from the two Sandosh, Plesson is the planet where the Plessium is being mined.  Why is it necessary to go there?’ Core was still unhappy Doella illegally read minds. ‘It’s a long way from here.’
‘It’s off our course, but we must.’
She moved to her room and Core followed her; he waited while she finished her coffee.
‘Don’t you ever query this life you lead, Doella?’ he asked. ‘It is against Varan belief to read minds unasked.’
She got up and put her cup in the re-claimer. ‘I don’t question it. I’m sure you’ve done the same when it was the only way to find your quarry. Why do you criticise me at every turn? What has happened to our friendship? Once we understood each other so well.’ Core didn’t move even when she placed his hand on her breast. ‘Lay with me, Core,’ she begged. His eyes flickered.
‘I can’t, Doella,’ he said.
‘Why not?’
‘Because you will hate me if I do.’
‘What’s worse than what I did? We want each other.’ She raised her lips and kissed him; he responded for a moment and then detached himself from her embrace.
‘Please, it’s best to leave things as they are,’ he walked away.
The journey to the mining planet passed too slowly for Doella; she was edgy. Everyone else kept busy, but she was only content when making love. Core came to see her when she was on piloting duty. He took her hand, kissed it, and smiled. As if to say “we are friends again, but nothing more,” and then he left the room.
You’ve enough lovers, Doella, she reflected, but she still believed one day she and Core would be more than friends… or enemies.

Although the Rosarian vessel could hide from the low-tech space vehicles in the area, Sark thought it possible the Hyclos might sense them. The crystal technology, which drove their ship, wasn’t much different from Hyclos crystals. They sensed the Hyclos ships were armed, and it was wise to avoid further contact. The once peaceful Hyclos were not just aggressive in their home policies, but in their dealings with others. It was no wonder everyone they dealt with was nervous. The dragon attack forced the Hyclos to concentrate their energies into weapon development.

Before they came out into actual space, they had one of their regular meetings.
Core summed up. ‘The Hyclos took the dragon threat more seriously than we. After the first fright, we increased our defences, but we haven’t put enough energy into improved defensive and offensive systems.’
‘I’ve been trying to assess their strengths,’ said Sark, ‘but have to be wary in case they sense us.  I’ve discovered their technology has improved. If they suspect this ship exists, they may find us; and don’t forget in lamina, it amplifies everything. Signatures don’t dissipate as quickly.’
‘Thank you, Sark, we must be careful,’ agreed Core. ‘We are close to Plesson, and Sark will go with Row and Vite to reconnoitre. Wylane no longer needs to use his useful trick of mimicking a Hyclos shuttle, as we’ve added a holographic system to one of ours. It won’t fool the Hyclos for long, so it’d be wise not to leave it on the surface.’
‘I’m worried you are going without me or Wylane or Dolar,’ said Doella; Vite was to marry Calar soon.
‘Can’t I go instead?’ Caz asked. He wanted to be in the middle of any action.
Everyone smiled.
‘Well, Vite,’ said Sark, ‘your future mother-in-law doesn’t want you to take any risks before your marriage. It is up to you, but it’s near your wedding day.’
‘Caz, you can go,’ Vite agreed, ‘I’ve been off the ship more than you. But please do as Sark tells you.’ Caz nodded.

Core was efficient, as always. ‘Our scans are being deflected by a deep layer of the Plessium. If we enter the atmosphere, we may get more detail, but we can’t risk getting closer in case we bump into a Hyclos ship. We’ve found Hyclos signatures, but the mineral makes it hard to detect how many. There are Hyclos vessels nearby, but no large transports. I imagine they use the Sandosh to transport the ore. Although their ships are slow, if they leave at routine intervals it wouldn’t make much difference; they’d have regular drops. Freighters take a long time to make, and if concerned about defence, they’d more likely build warships than transport vessels.’
‘It makes sense, Core,’ agreed Row.
‘Once a Karish, always a Karish.’ Carnos couldn’t resist an old Earth saying.
‘If I was still a Karish, I’d not be here with…’
‘Misfits and rogues?’ supplied Carnos. ‘I apologise Core, I didn’t mean to offend you.’
Core’s expression softened.

Doella was uneasy. It was a simple task to infiltrate the mines, but now she wished she’d insisted on going with them. ‘How long do you expect to be gone?’ she asked.
‘Only a couple of days. If we aren’t back, search for us,’ replied Sark. Doella shivered. ‘We will be fine. You can’t do everything, or hold our hands everywhere, can you?’
‘No, I agree with you; but I worry. And Caz, do nothing stupid, and keep close to the others,’ reminded Doella.
‘You treat me as if I’m stupid.’
‘No, just the youngest,’ replied Vite; ‘and for a Hyclos you are very impetuous.’
‘Vite’s right,’ said Parsos, who was quiet in these meetings, ‘we are a multiracial group, and you don’t think as a Hyclos anymore. It takes time to learn to fit in with what is expected of us here.’
Caz understood.
They put on their Hyclos robes and left for Plesson.
Doella spent awhile with her older daughters. Calar was thankful Caz had gone instead of her future husband. They were designing a wedding dress. Once the design was finished, they’d import the data into one of the larger replicators, which then reproduced it. Rucella, Suella, and Calar were enjoying the process and arguing about what they liked.
‘Mother, you’re not listening,’ said Calar. ‘Should I trim it with this?’ she showed her mother the data pad.
‘No, plain.’
‘Oh no, mother,’ said Rucella, ‘it’s a wedding dress; it can afford to be different.’
Doella was relieved when Haris asked to talk to her. The excited girls didn’t notice her leave.

She took him to her room, thinking he wanted to make love, and kissed him, but he pulled away. ‘Doella, I need to speak to you.’
‘Afterwards, Haris; let’s enjoy the time first. You are the last to ask, and I miss you.’
‘There is always someone ahead of me.’
When she pushed against him, he forgot his errand and let her lead him to the bed.
‘Doella!’
‘Hush, love me,’ she placed her fingers on his mouth. ‘I remember the first time I saw you, so handsome and primitive. How I wanted you,’ she kissed him; ‘you still excite me.’

He did as she wanted. They loved, and he tried again to speak to her, but she ignored him. Carnos, Sark, and Wylane, plus her shipboard duties, made it hard for Haris to find her alone. She hadn’t been pregnant for a while, and it helped.
 ‘Now will you listen to me, Doella?’ She ran her fingers through his long, dark hair. ‘At the meeting, I sensed your fear… No, it wasn’t fear; it was more - uncertainty.’
‘You are improving, Haris. Sark says so. You’ll soon be as good as a full-blood Varan.’
‘That’s not a compliment. I may not have a bracelet, but the crystal makes up for it. Doella, take notice.’ Her fingers sliding through his hair distracted him. He’d lost the battle again. ‘Let me finish; stop distracting me!’ They both smiled. ‘I’ve other skills.’
‘I know.’
‘Listen to me please. Be serious.’
She gazed at his muscled body.
‘Doella, I sense what you’re feeling, but you couldn’t put it into concrete thoughts or ideas.’ He showed her what was in his mind. She saw Sark, Caz, and Row labouring in the mines with other male Hyclos. Haris continued. ‘I’ve “seen” things all my life. It never comes at my ask, only when I least expect it. My father’s mother was a tribal seer. They said she saw the future, and I’ve inherited her gift.’
‘We tried to eradicate the gene from humans. We believed in time it might harm us.’
‘You were jealous?’
‘Probably. No Varan could see into the future as those early humans.’
‘I’ve always had odd visions of foresight - feelings of unease, or a compulsion to go somewhere or do something. It’s usually a flash of a scene, which I don’t remember afterwards, but often comes again. The first time I saw you, I sensed you’d not be good for me, but I didn’t understand what chaos you’d cause. I agree it wasn’t your fault; the Rosarians enhanced you,’ he said before Doella could point it out to him again. ‘I was crazy to get you into bed and I refused to listen to the voices saying I should stay away from you. Well, those cries and flashes of scenes are growing stronger.’
‘Is it the crystal?’
‘It has to be. And you too are fighting to avoid what your voices tell you.’
‘I admit I try to ignore the source of my inspiration, Haris. I don’t understand why or how it happens, but it worries everyone, especially the Varan. The feeling starts here…’ she pointed to beneath her Hyclos crystal.
‘And you are always right?’
‘Yes, although I’ve no idea why. Thanks, Haris, you’ve helped. I’d better go to the planet.’ Doella slipped on a work-suit, and as she did, she transmitted her intention to everybody on the ship and told them to meet her on the bridge.

Doella explained Haris’ foresight to them. Everyone looked surprised, except for Wylane and Dolar.
‘Some dragons have the gift,’ said Wylane, ‘we’ve discussed it amongst ourselves, and believe our Varan part makes us incapable of this.’
‘You are wrong, for I have it too,’ admitted Doella.
Haris showed what he had “seen.” ‘There are Hyclos miners there who aren’t willing workers.’

The others were shocked at what he transmitted, and the Hyclos experienced mixed emotions. Why are hundreds working in primitive conditions?
‘I’m sorry,’ said Doella, trying to lighten the atmosphere, ‘but I’ve no intention of supplying those men with wives.’ It broke the tension and those who didn’t laugh, smiled. ‘I’m going and I’d like a Hyclos to come with me. As Haris says, our friends aren’t in danger, I believe they’ve contacted these men and are finding out as much as they can. Vite?’
‘Yes mother, I’ll come with you.’
‘Calar, I promise I’ll protect him,’ she told her daughter.
‘Doella, what will we do with those men? We haven’t the room for them on board.’ Carnos said what many wondered.
‘I know, but we can’t leave them,’ Doella looked concerned. ‘Carnos, you and Core search for a suitable place where we can hide them for now? Not long-term; we could create a large bubble of atmosphere. The important thing is to rescue them, and then decide what to do.’
Core and Carnos set working on a solution, for the scenes on the planet below shocked them.

Chapter 18
Doella took Vite to the surface. They could only find one entrance to the mine, and as there was little atmosphere, anyone who escaped without support technology would die. Any natural ways in and out were sealed. A long way down a large tunnel, they found the opening into a space dock.
They must use shuttles to move the ore to larger ships, observed Doella.
How do we get inside? Asked Vite, if we open the doors, they’ll realise we are here.
Easy, answered Doella, take my hand, you may feel strange. The bubble will go with us - ready? Doella walked straight through the thick door, and Vite gasped. It’s like using a bubble to go interlamina, explained Doella. Sark needs to teach you more about your crystals you need more practice.
I’m sorry mother, but we’ve not had much chance to study. If you remember, our crystals were de-circuited. Vite laughed, a mixture of mirth and regret.
I used to believe the Hyclos had no grasp of humour; our data said you were a dignified species. I got to know Sark, and I realised you have the same way of looking at life - not always serious.
I’m sure the women don’t have any understanding of humour.

They entered another door and found a controlled atmosphere. Doella maintained the bubble, so they remained invisible. They saw a few Sandosh, who were acting as guards.
Ugh! I hate those smelly creatures, said Doella vehemently. Vite was shocked at his kind mother-in-law’s reaction. They smell appalling, Doella offered as an explanation. Look over there; the mine works are down there. She pointed to a tunnel.
Look up, said Vite. In a glassed space, high above floor level stood two Hyclos accompanied by a Sandosh. Females!
If you say so. Now my turn to apologise. Sorry, Vite. We’ll listen to what they are saying; don’t let go of my hand.

She levitated them to the metal walkway outside the small room and they stepped through the walls. Vite found it hard not to gasp aloud. He found it disconcerting when Doella walked through solid objects, and it tickled when his molecules rearranged. They stood behind the nervous Sandosh and listened.
We can still talk mentally Vite, they won’t hear us.

‘How can there be the incorrect number of miners Sandosh? There is something wrong with your primitive apparatus,’ one female said.
‘It’s all here,’ answered the terrified man, showing them the inventory.
‘This is ridiculous,’ said the other, ‘it’s your devices. Just carry on, we need more Plessium; your quota is falling.’
So Vite, as expected, not captured, but pretending to be miners. Let’s get out of here, these “ladies” give me the creeps.
I agree, said Vite.

Doella took them back to the tunnel entrance and into the mines. They passed more Sandosh guards on the way. There were tracks and primitive wagons to transport the Plessium to the space dock. Vite followed Doella. He was excited by what he considered his first important on-world experience. Safe with Doella, who could take on the entire race of New Hyclo females unscathed.
Doella read his thoughts. Thank you for your confidence, Vite, but we’ve much to carry out before we go to New Hyclo.
It was a long way through the dim tunnels. They came to the first set of diggings, and Vite’s exhilaration evaporated. Naked Hyclos men, covered in white dust, were digging, and loading the powder into the wagons.
Oh mother, how horrible! He was distressed.
What makes it worse is this could be mechanised, without this cruelty.
They don’t have crystals.
If the dragons hadn’t attacked when they did, you might’ve ended up the same way, not with only functions removed but no crystals either. We must get them out of here.
Yes.

Sark is further in, Doella noted Vite’s reactions. It’s difficult but try to shut it out.
We haven’t enough crystals for them.
They can survive without them, said Doella, as we Varan can without our bracelets.
Yes, but they will be weak and have brief lives.
Doella sensed a familiar fear. Who installed your crystals; surely not the women?
No, we got ours the traditional way, from a priest, when we became adults. But later, when things deteriorated between the sexes and the ability to travel was removed, we expected the worst.
Let’s hope we can find out how they are produced. Sark is close. Come on, Vite.

Sark was covered in dust and hid his crystal beneath a paste made from the ore. He was as polite and understated as usual. Thank you for coming, Doella. I’m not enjoying this.
How did you get inside?
We thought it best not to use our crystals and force an entrance, and considered our options when a small ship arrived, the doors opened and we sneaked in. There are none of the usual alarms. The vessel brought two Hyclos women and left straight away. Once here the extensive quantity of Plessium interfered with our technology. I thought it safer to wait for you.
We saw the women and I agree, trying to leave was risky, she replied. Where are the others?
Close.
The Sandosh noticed a discrepancy in the numbers. We need to remove you.
Doella, we must get these men out of here. They are suffering. They’ve no crystals, so they are weak. Many of the older ones are sick, and the young too. We haven’t had diseases on Hyclos for millennia. I’ve contacted a man here. Come and speak to him.

Doella and Vite followed Sark. The Sandosh guards were not vigilant.
This is Crant, he whispered. My mate is here with us, although you can’t see her. 
Your mate? I don’t understand, said a tall man covered in white powder.
My woman. Crant looked terrified. She is not a Hyclos, and she’ll help you escape.
Doella spoke into Crant’s mind. Don’t be frightened.
He fell backwards onto the floor.
Get up, or the guards will see you, urged Sark.
‘I can sense you are kind, unlike ours,’ he said aloud.
Crant, I’ll come back and take you somewhere safe. He nodded. Sark, step inside my bubble. He did so, and Crant blinked as he disappeared.

They found Row and Caz, and Doella returned the way they came. The women were still talking to the frightened guard.
Let’s get out of this foul place, said Doella.

After cleaning off the dust, they reported their findings to the others.
‘Any luck with finding a suitable planet?’ asked Doella.
‘Not yet,’ answered Core.
Everyone was at the meeting, the rumours spread. Row sat with his head in his hands. As soon as Rucella arrived, she went to her husband and comforted him. He looked at her, grateful for her concern.
‘It was horrible,’ he said. ‘When they die and they throw their bodies into a pit, they never get out!’ They sensed his distress. ‘We must save them before more die.’ Rucella put her hands on his hunched shoulders.
‘How many are there?’ Core asked, his face stern.
‘From the guards' estimates five hundred and forty-five left,’ answered Doella. ‘Core, how many do you think we can get aboard this ship?’
‘No more than three hundred, but it will be uncomfortable. Not a good idea for any length of time, or long travel. You must remove them at the same moment.’
‘If we break the seals, they will die and if we take a few at a time, they may kill those left, and come looking for us. There has to be a large Hyclos vessel nearby, the females wouldn’t be here in a shuttle. We can use it to hold the men.’
‘How Doella, we’ve no weapons,’ Carnos pointed out.
‘Yes, we do. Me, and my dragon children, and those on the ship,’ she paused, ‘I will explain later. Please, can you find the Hyclos vessel? I’m going to my room. I need to get rid of my anger, I can’t think like this.’ She strode out, needing the peace of her bath.
Refreshed, she returned; ready to carry on with the plans. ‘Have you found the vessel?’
‘Yes, one waits in interlamina, near here,’ replied Carnos, ‘and what do you mean we have weapons on board? Core and I looked through the data, we can’t find anything.’
She went to the pilot’s seat and the Hyclos on duty vacated it.
‘Here,’ she showed a set of equations, ‘you don’t recognise it as weapons because this isn’t something we understand in such detail, it is sound. Depending on the pitch and variance, you can do lots with it. The Rosarians used it. It has huge potential; you could destroy a planet and smash it into pieces as small as your fingernails. Even a whole solar system, if anyone was mad enough. Or put people to sleep. There are countless possibilities. If you are good at math you can write in whatever you want to?’
It fascinated Carnos. ‘Yes, I understand. Put people in a coma, eh?’
‘Yes, put the Hyclos crew to sleep, board and take them, prisoner, what could be easier?’
‘Why didn’t you explain this?’ asked Core.
‘I didn’t know. Whoever is pulling my strings doesn’t tell me everything until needed. And, what’s frightening me? I don’t think it’s the Rosarians. They are as much pawns in this as we are,’ she paused.
Carnos and the Hyclos looked at each other.
She changed the subject back to the hijacking of the ship. ‘Carnos it won’t affect anyone on this ship, but I need you to make these ear-protectors,’ she showed him a plan she found in the data. ‘Everyone who boards needs to wear them outside bubbles.’ Carnos nodded. ‘As soon as you are ready, we’ll do it. Then we’ll leave the women in the mines and let them see how they enjoy it. And…’ Doella gave a wide smile, ‘we’ll know where New Hyclo is, won’t we?’
‘The icing on the cake?’ suggested Carnos.

Chapter 19
The Hyclos ship could take five hundred of the miners, using the holds as extra living quarters. The rest would travel on their vessel. They decided on Row to take charge of the Hyclos ship, which included most rescued from Hyclo, so they could help rehabilitate them. Thanks to Sark and the others, they were now able engineers and scientists. Their wives would go with them. Suella and Calar married their choices but there wasn’t time to celebrate. The girls were excited about the changes. Doella was sad her daughters were leaving home.

‘They’ll be fine,’ said Sark, trying to comfort her, ‘but I can’t see you having enough daughters for everyone,’ Doella laughed, but Sark was serious. ‘I doubt we’ll find anyone on New Hyclo who wants to leave and come with us, and I care my people continue.’
What Sark said was important and far-reaching. ‘My daughters will have daughters too. It takes time to build a race,’ suggested Doella.
‘They won’t be enough.’
‘Sark, my dear love, we must take one step at a time. Before we tackle New Hyclo itself, we must first find somewhere secure for those poor miners, and for them to be safe we have to go in the opposite direction. Everything will work out.’
‘I believe you, Doella.’
‘Remember what Timblis said, we’d start a noble race together.’
‘I thought he meant you and Wylar.’
Doella configured the weapon. The women were stunned and readied to be taken to the mines. Doella and Wylane led the force to the surface, with Carnos, Core, Row, and Caz. Doella took them through the doors, in full view without a bubble. The Hyclos women were still in the office, and before they raised the alarm, Doella lifted her hands and they slumped onto the ground asleep. She was surprised at her ability and led her friends to the mine opening. The Sandosh guards ran away.
The first miners stopped working as Doella entered. Few of them understood what a Varan looked like, or heard of their sister race; but one old man had, and he shouted, ‘She’s a Varan!’
‘She’s the one Sark said would come; we are free!’ Crant was jubilant.
They cheered; it was a wonderful sound after years of bitter silence.

‘Are any of you ill?’ Doella shouted as the noise subsided. She walked into their midst and stepped through the crowd of men. She stooped to an old man lying on the ground. ‘How cruel the women are, they removed your crystal. We have a few on the ship, I’ll make sure you get another, it will restore your strength.’ She touched his filthy head, and he stood. Her companions helped sort the sick and prematurely aged, and she and Wylane helped the more urgent cases until they could insert their new crystals.

The men cheered when the stumbling women were herded into the mines. Doella had deactivated their crystals’ strands with her sound weapon. At first, they showed no fear, only disdain for the Hyclos men guarding them, until they marched them into the cavern and they had to face the miners.
Doella’s voice rang out clearly. ‘Without your crystals, sisters, your work will be difficult and hard.’
The old man Doella helped, picked up a digging tool and handed it to a female. ‘Dig, ladies,’ he said.
The men in the cavern chanted, ‘Dig, ladies, dig.’ The women’s black gowns and the Sandosh’s brown fur turned white.
‘Carnos, let’s get out of here.’ It distressed her, a species as important as the Hyclos could sink this far.

It was over. Doella went to the white ship where Sark oversaw the move.
‘We’ll take sixty of the men. You and Dolar keep your quarters, I’ll move in with Carnos, and Parsos will share with Haris. The others to share too.’
‘We’ve got a long journey ahead.’
It was a while before they established their new direction. Core found an isolated system well away from New Hyclo.
‘Even with Rosarian technology it’s hard to locate, and the Hyclos will find it impossible. We can only assume from this distance there are any suitable planets.’
‘I agree Core, and I’ve been thinking; it’ll make our journey more difficult, but the Hyclos will search interlamina,’ said Doella.
‘Yes, I’ve come to the same conclusion too. There is less possibility of being found in normal space.’
‘I still hope the two sexes may be reconciled, and we can’t afford any aggression.’
‘Doella, from what I saw of those “sisters” I can’t imagine that, can you?’
‘To be honest, no. We must stay with the Hyclos ship, and it will slow us,’
‘I’ve devised a way to “cast a net” around them. We can pull them along behind us at our speed.’
‘Good, Core. The Hyclos won’t be able to search for its signature.’
‘It’s a long way, through open space.’
‘Yes, but we need to find somewhere safe to hide these men from their women.’
Sark distributed crystals to those who needed them most. Doella was convinced once they visited New Hyclo, they’d discover how to make them. She discussed the matter with Sark.
‘Can’t we work it out for ourselves?’
He shook his head. ‘All experiments failed, including mine.’ He changed the difficult subject. ‘Using Core’s method of only using interlamina closer to our goal, it will take over six months to reach this far system.’
‘We daren’t take risks, Sark. Besides, it will give us time for more babies.’ She reached for his hand across the table in the crowded mess hall. ‘If you don’t, someone else will.’
‘Will you ever tire of having children?’ he asked as they walked to her rooms.
To be honest, I wouldn’t at present, but now my daughters are happily married I must. Besides, they grow up so fast, and then I miss them sleeping on my lap, playing with them, and hearing them telling me about their day. It’s pleasant to have grown children, but not the same as having a baby in your arms.
Not only did Doella give birth to another eight female children on the monotonous journey, but her three eldest daughters also became pregnant. They inherited Doella’s talent for fast-breeding, for they reproduced in six instead of the usual ten months. Her other two daughters to Sark were grown and found their mates. Doella now had hominid grandchildren and dragon ones. She didn’t find their strange fast growth odd anymore, as if she excepted her offspring to be as different as she was.
Tikela spent most of her time with Doella, Dolar and the babies. She was jealous of the other children, who she’d considered her little brothers and sisters; but they’d grown up so fast and now had babies of their own. Tikela and Losi had predominantly human genes with a sprinkling of Varan from a distant ancestor, so their lives were short in comparison with everyone else. To counteract this, Sark kept two crystals in stasis for them, which enabled them to live longer.

Doella was again reminded how cruel her race was to allow humans such brief lives. Doella held Tikela in her arms; she was still too young to understand. ‘Your time will come, sweetheart,’ she said as she cuddled the girl, ‘don’t wish to grow up too soon. I had a long and happy childhood.’ Tikela snuggled into Doella’s lap and fell asleep.
Losi wanted to be with the men. He was in his early teens and ready to be a man. He followed Haris everywhere, he’d taken responsibility for the children and tried to help, but he was insecure too. He and Doella had an uneasy truce, and he gave her two more daughters, but they soon became independent of their parents. Suella was happy with her husband, and Shulla didn’t need him anymore.
Doella and Haris made love. A part of him still hated his dependence on the pleasure she gave him, and sometimes he wished he could leave her, but understood he never would. He’d forget his dissatisfaction for a while, but afterwards, the doubts resurfaced. He looked at her. She realised what he was about to say; he said it often, seeking reassurance.
‘Losi thinks he is a member of one large family.’
‘He is.’
Haris ignored her remark. ‘When we return to our own space, he and Tikela will be lonely.’

 ‘You don’t have to go back, Haris. You’ve children of your own - ours. Besides, once Losi and Tikela are old enough, we’ll give them crystals, and extend their lives.’
Now the truth again. ‘We hardly see each other.’
‘Haris, I love you, and I want you to stay with me.’
He didn’t reply, just looked at her. He knew he couldn’t leave, even if he wanted; but with Doella’s dubious gifts, where would it end? How many more lovers might she take? With a sigh, he reached for her again.
The original Hyclos had their promised brides. There was more choice now, the Plessium miners too, but it felt too convenient they found love so fast. Doella behaved more like an early human than a Varan, as if she was breeding to perpetuate the species, in a way she was.

When they reached the system Core suggested, it was bleak in the extreme. Only one planet could sustain life and needed an artificially controlled atmosphere.
‘It’s not suitable,’ said Doella, ‘if anything went wrong no help is available. So where do we go now?’
‘It will disappoint the men; they are finding it hard cooped up for so long,’ said Sark.
Core, Sark, Carnos, and Haris were in Doella’s quarters discussing the problem in privacy, as it was the only quiet room remaining on the ship.
Core shrugged and sat back in his chair. ‘As far as we can determine, it’s the same for the next ten solar systems. We have to go to interlamina now.’
‘The Hyclos will never find us out here,’ said Carnos, agreeing with Core.
‘They might,’ said Sark as he got up to refill their glasses. ‘We must make these men secure.’
Core pointed to a holo-map. ‘There is a sun here. It’s isolated, and a long way from any other solar system. We can’t see the planets clearly from here. Judging from the varied readings from the sun, there are several, in promising orbits the right distance from the primary.’ He looked at Doella.
‘I sense nothing,’ she said. ‘I don’t know which way to go. Do any of you? Whoever is guiding us must take a holiday.’

Haris was silent as usual, listening to the discussions. He stood behind Doella’s chair, ‘Head for the most isolated system,’ he remarked. ‘I know it’s the better choice. It’s a long way, and this ship can make it, but what about the Hyclos ship?’
‘We can tow it for as long as we need. Row turned off unnecessary power to conserve what they have, and when we find the right planet, we will use the Hyclos ship as a base for a while,’ said Core. ‘We’ll discover a way to move power from this one to it, the technology will interact. Carnos and Sark have worked on it. If we go through normal space, it means another six month’s journey, even if we alternate in interlamina.’
There was a long silence.
‘I agree with Haris; we should head there,’ said Sark.
‘I’m weary of this travel,’ said Doella.
‘We all are, but you’ve had too many children,’ insisted Carnos.
‘I need some time on my own, but there will be no holiday this far out. Perhaps we’ll find a paradise on the other side… if we can get through another six months of uninterrupted space travel.’
They discussed the best route but hadn’t come to a final decision when they left.

Doella ran a bath. As she lay there, she looked at her blue crystals, fearing they were no longer working, but they were functioning. She far-spoke Haris to ask if he wanted to join her.

‘I want to talk to you as much as to make love,’ she said, handing him a glass of wine. ‘Did you notice anything unusual when you suggested we should head for the lone sun?’
‘No,’ he admitted, ‘no obvious visions. It’s a long way for a conventional primitive ship to travel.’
‘Haris, my dear love, you are becoming as logical as Core.’ She pulled him onto the cushions she’d placed on the floor and snuggled up to him. ‘Just hold me, I’m depressed.’
‘Everyone is the same, Doella. When you admit to being depressed, it makes the rest of us worse.’ He stopped speaking as she put her head against his.
‘I should visit the other ship; I haven’t been over for a while.
‘The Hyclos are doing well and learning fast. The older who remember their culture are helping the younger, as it should be. They are not bored, as we are. They learn to live again. We are the only ones depressed by this long journey.’
‘I thought having children might relieve the boredom, and I wanted to tell you all how much you mean to me.’
‘Your version of a commitment?’
She laughed and said, ‘I want no more babies for a while. I wouldn’t have had so many so fast if it weren’t for those first men we rescued. Am I wrong to stop now?’
‘No, I’m glad. You don’t have enough time for me when you’re pregnant.’
‘Selfish man, does that mean you’ve decided to stay with me?’

Chapter 20
Doella struggled waiting to reach their goal. All she wanted was to do was make love. She tried to plan what they’d do when they discovered New Hyclo. The data from the Hyclos ship was interesting, but it didn’t help her decide. She realised rescuing these men changed everything; she had to eliminate the threat from the women, or they’d discover them. The Hyclos women must know what happened at the mine, and if they found them, the outcome would not be pleasant. At first, Doella hadn’t considered she might stay with her family; she’d believed she’d return to familiar space one day. She thought of leaving Rucella and her other children; she wondered if she’d find it possible. These thoughts only added to her confusion.

At last, the sun they headed for became larger on their sensors. They’d established planets circled it, and were at suitable distances from their star. They could detect other systems in the sector. It wasn’t as isolated as they thought.
Doella was on the bridge examining the maps with Carnos. ‘Doesn’t this make you feel small and unimportant?’ she said, pointing at the holo-map.
‘Have you decided what to do about New Hyclo?’ he asked.
‘No, perhaps it depends on whoever is pulling my strings. I haven’t given up assuming I may get inspiration; but as you keep saying, I don’t expect the women changed, and I hope they won’t find us. After what happened at the mine, they must be searching.’
Doella visited the other ship to see her daughters and their families. Remembering their mother’s valiant efforts to reproduce, they followed her lead. Another two girls, Pruesa and Tarella, both Sark’s daughters, married and joined their husbands. The five girls and their young families made for a lively visit. Doella’s sons were still on the Rosarian ship with their fathers, for which she was grateful. They showed great promise as technicians, even Haris’ son, Wurlud, much to his father’s surprise. One of Carnos’ daughters, Lucessa, almost an adult, was more involved in learning than flirting. She’d plenty of time to have a family. Doella considered of all of her children, she was the most Varan-like. She was engrossed in everything and wanted more. Doella wondered if she’d hurried her first daughters into marriage. They were happy with their choices and found time to study, although it wasn’t a priority for them as it was with Lucessa. Pruesa and Tarella were close to giving birth, and the other three not far behind with their second children. As Doella played with her grandchildren, she wondered about her offspring on Varan.

Row entered the noisy room. ‘I heard you were here, mother. Parsos wants to go to the other ship, he says it’s safer with a dragon.’
Doella felt relief when Parsos moved to help the miners adjust. Being a hybrid was no longer frowned upon. At last, he found the acceptance he’d always wanted, and Doella was happy for him.
‘You can never stay long. Everyone wants to have a word with you,’ said a disappointed Rucella.
‘I must pay a visit to the main living quarters. It’s expected, and I promise I’ll come again soon.’
She kissed them and took Row’s arm as he escorted her to Parsos.

She wanted to speak to her son-in-law. ‘How is everybody?’ she asked.
‘They’ve been very patient and having so much to catch up on helps. This great journey has been easier for them than for the rest of us,’ Doella nodded. ‘But they need to set foot on solid ground for a while.’
‘So do I. It’s hard to be in space this long, and both ships are overcrowded.’
‘They worry too, we’ll never find a suitable planet to settle.’
‘We’ll have a positive outcome.’
‘I believe you, younger men had little contact with automation. It makes me proud to see how easily they cope with the information.’

They watched Parsos talking to a group, showing them the schematics of basic holo- technology. Doella greeted them. She was well-regarded by the Hyclos as the one who’d rescued and given them a new life.
‘Parsos?’ she smiled at him.
‘Thanks, Doella, I feel safer travelling to the other vessel with you.’
‘Fine; are you ready now?’

Back on the white ship, he pleaded, ‘Doella, may I have a word with you?’
She took him to her rooms, as he wanted to speak to her privately. As usual, he hid his thoughts and feelings from her. She asked him to sit, and showing her regard in the Varan fashion, poured him wine.
He shook his head. So Doella sat and sipped the drink. ‘What can I help you with, Parsos?’
‘Can’t you forgive me, Doella?’
‘What do you mean? I have forgiven you.’
‘No, you took Wylar to bed, so why not me? I’ve waited for you, but you avoid being alone with me?’
‘It was a long time ago. Let’s leave things as they are.’
‘Do you know what this conversation costs me, begging you like this?’

Doella stood up and so did Parsos. He faced her. Doella was uncertain. He was right, she’d forgiven Wylar and loved him. It was at his instigation Parsos captured and humiliated her.
‘I realise it was Wylar’s fault,’ she agreed.
‘You know too he wanted me to give you to that animal Slavin, to humiliate you further. I don’t understand why. Perhaps he found you beautiful and wouldn’t admit it. I disobeyed him, and he punished me. You had his children, but you can’t forgive me. I’m not evil like Slavin, and no longer mad. I expect you will offer me a charming daughter as you did Row. Well, I don’t want a pretty daughter. I need you - I always did.’
 She nearly responded and then pulled away. ‘No, Parsos, I’ve enough lovers, another would only complicate the situation.’
His eyes burned with frustration and anger. He turned and walked out of the room.

Doella sat. She was confused. He was right, she hadn’t forgiven him. Then she told herself what she’d said to him, she had enough men to keep happy.
She composed herself and went to the bridge. Core worked with Carnos.
‘Doella, I was about to mind-call you,’ said Carnos. Then he stared at her. ‘Are you alright?’
‘Yes; but old ghosts never die.’
Carnos thought she referred to Wylar and made no further comment, but Core looked as if he’d guessed what troubled her. Parsos came in to speak to Sark, and it was obvious he was unhappy.

Carnos had good news. ‘We’ve got clear images of the planets at last, and they are promising.’
Doella felt a great sense of relief. ‘Thank goodness; then Haris was right.’
‘Sark should be here, but he’s gone to the other ship to help Parsos,’ said Carnos. Doella looked up and saw Core watched her. ‘Look, Doella!’ she could hear the excitement in Carnos’ voice. He pointed to a planet on the hologram. It took up the whole of the holo-grid, and he further enhanced an area for her.
‘A pyramid,’ Doella gasped. ‘Pyramids here? That must mean a civilisation of sorts; but out here? There’s no Hyclos or Varan exploration this far. Even the Rosarians didn’t have records.’
‘There are no more details; we should know more soon. The other worlds look hopeful, no structures on them.’ Carnos changed the picture to show the entire solar system. ‘They are in the same trajectory, so they should be capable of supporting life.’
‘Planets rarely orbit so close together,’ said Doella. ‘It might cause gravitational stress.’
‘I’m working those calculations out now,’ agreed Core.
‘I’ll get coffee.’ In her excitement, Doella forgot the unpleasant conversation with Parsos. She moved to the mess room and hurried with her drink eager to find out more.

Sark returned, He looked at Doella and smiled. ‘I don’t think Doella will wait long with pyramids there.’ He knew Doella’s love of the times she’d spent in the prolific Egyptian era of Earth history.
She heard his thoughts and grinned back. ‘I hope it won’t be a disappointment. Isn’t it strange finding them out here?’ She turned to Carnos. ‘Is there any biological data yet? Are you reading hominid life-signs? If they don’t appear like us, it will disappoint me.’
They arrived at last. Sensors confirmed the major life form was hominid. It excited Doella at the prospect of exploring such a mystery. She wondered if there was any connection with Earth’s Egypt? When Core told her they were not just hominids but humanoids, Doella was more fascinated.
‘There are differences between these people and our humans. They’ve another small lobe here.’ Core pointed to a holo-diagram of their brains.
‘Telepaths?’ said an amazed Doella. ‘Not well developed, though.’

Much to Doella’s disappointment, they moved away to survey the other two habitable planets, and a decision needed as to which would be the best to settle. Excited Hyclos went to the surface, and they kept Doella busy ferrying men and equipment, as the shuttles were too small. When finished, she came back to the ship to continue studying the pyramid planet.
Core was fascinated, too. ‘Doella, I’ve more data to interest you,’ he said. ‘Although they appear like our creations, their molecular structure is unique; their lives will be lengthier than our creatures.’
Doella was incredulous. ‘They won’t live as long as we, but longer than humans.’

Sark and Carnos followed Doella into the room. ‘We’ve always believed it’s cruel to limit them in such a way,’ agreed Sark. ‘We gave our child-species brief lives to speed up development and get quicker results.’
‘No one here disagrees with you, but it means they flower and die quickly,’ said Carnos.
‘It is wrong, but we didn’t want our child-races to become greater than us,’ said Doella, whose greatest horror was seeing her much-loved humans growing old.
‘They’ve been here a long time,’ Core continued, ‘at least a hundred thousand years. Perhaps their progress is slow because of their longer lives.’
‘It’d fit in with both the Varan and Hyclos prior research on evolution.’ said Doella
‘Here is our problem.’ Carnos pointed to a map of their ancestral code. ‘They didn’t start life on this planet.’ He was right; their genetic blueprint was alien to the native flora and fauna.
‘We’ve been trying to find a connection,’ said Core.
‘But we can’t,’ Carnos was a genetic expert.
‘I wonder who put them here?’ asked Doella.
‘That’s the problem, isn’t it? Will they be happy with us placing a space-capable, intelligent life form here, close to these people?’ said Sark, knowing at what Core hinted. ‘We’ll not interfere with them, but our “hosts” may have different ideas.’
‘Hosts?’ repeated Doella, looking at him. ‘Yes, the right word. Well, we haven’t much choice? We’ll hopefully find them and negotiate, and it might take time. We need to find New Hyclo and resolve our original problem too.’ Sark still looked worried. Doella avoided his glance as she said, ‘I believe I know what we must do with New Hyclo. I was waiting for us to finish the surveys and reach a decision before I said.’
‘Well, enlighten us,’ said Core.
‘It’s easy. We don’t have to kill anyone - Varan can’t - we make them sterile. Just the women, not the breeding males. It’d be poetic justice.’
‘And then what?’ asked Carnos. ‘We can’t leave the men there. From what we know of these females, they’ll slaughter them.’
‘We won’t leave them; we’ll rescue them,’ Doella continued, ‘and destroy their sperm stocks, and find out how to produce crystals.’
‘It’s so easy, why didn’t we think of it before?’ said Core. ‘And then what, they’ll clone themselves?’
‘There’s no need to be sarcastic,’ said Doella. ‘Can any think of a different idea? I admit I’ve not sorted out the details yet.’
‘Doella!’ Sark shouted at her. ‘Then we have more males and not enough women!’
‘By then we may find suitable brides.’ she answered.
‘Is that the only flaw in your plan?’ Again, Core was scathing.

Wylane listened to the heated conversation from the doorway. ‘The rest of the plot sounds fine to me. However, I say Dolar and I should burn them out of existence. Much easier; no clones.’ He smiled his dragon smile, so like his fathers, and irritating to everyone.

Chapter 21 
They decided on the world to start their home. It didn’t have a huge landmass as the other likely choice, but its oceans gave it a more humid and comfortable atmosphere, and enough rain to grow crops. They put every effort into building structures and hybridising the native plants to produce food. Deep-frozen plant matter was not only in the old bases on Levos, but also on Hyclo, and they hoped these could improve the local plant varieties in time. They wouldn’t head to New Hyclo for a while, for this world must be secured first. The Hyclos vessel was brought onto the sphere in event of an emergency, and to power the settlement, until they found alternatives.

Doella helped Row and Sark. ‘We need to keep this Hyclos ship workable as long as possible. It isn’t like the Rosarian ship - its power will last for several millennia,’ she said.
‘How do you know?’ asked Row. ‘The information isn’t in the data.’
Doella shrugged. ‘I understand without knowing how.’

She wanted to spend time on the pyramid planet but understood her first duty lay here. Three months passed, and a small town existed. The Rosarian vessel felt empty. They had given everything, which could be spared to the colonists, and her children were on the surface. Doella still slept on board, and never alone, but she went to help the colonists during the daylight hours. Core also stayed on the ship, continuing his search for any signs of a highly developed civilisation. There were many possible planets in the nearby star-clusters beyond this world.
Row was the natural leader and called their home Astras, which in an old Hyclos language meant a new start.
Core worried they might be paid a visit by whoever had placed those human-like people close; and driven by this thought, he worked hard at his search.
One morning Doella visited Core to see how he progressed. ‘Found anything?’ she asked, coming behind him. She sensed him stiffen for a moment until he adjusted to her proximity.
‘There are signatures, but I don’t know what they are, and none of our data helps.’
‘Still nothing interlamina?’
‘No. There are no recognisable species.’
‘Odd, isn’t it? We discovered it’s easier to seed planets in the same place but in different dimensions; and quicker to travel inter-dimensionally if you have the ability than in normal space; you don’t always need a ship. Perhaps these people only travel in one dimension.’
‘That’s unlikely, seeding in one dimension. Unless as an experiment.  Imagine if you realised there was another race nearby; wouldn’t you strive to reach them?’
It made sense, and Doella nodded. She decided. ‘I’m going to the pyramid planet for clues, and alone. I’ll contact you, but not vice-versa, unless necessary. We don’t understand how advanced the telepathic node is. Time alone, Core, I need a break from building houses. I’m an anthropologist, remember? Be back in a couple of weeks.’
‘Doella, you must have someone with you. Everyone will worry, especially if you don’t need contact.’
‘Dear Core, I’m capable of looking after myself,’ she laughed. ‘I’d better explain myself to Wylane, I don’t want him flying and frightening the locals.’
‘Have someone with you!’ he repeated, as stubborn as she was. ‘Take Carnos, he can help with your data.’
‘Core, I don’t need anyone with me. I prefer to look around on my own.’ She was exasperated.
‘Why?’
‘I crave to live how I used to again. Sark understands.’
‘Sark always understands.’
Core wasn’t the only one with reservations. Everyone argued with her, and she asked Hath to go with her. Hath’s feelings were like his sisters. He felt no excitement in the hard work of making Astras habitable. He said an exhausting goodbye to Dolar and let Doella fly him to the pyramid planet.
‘I realise why you chose me,’ he suggested after they had landed by the pyramids. ‘It’s because I won’t interfere if you find someone.’
‘How well you know me, dear brother. Why is it only you and Sark understand how much I need a holiday?’
‘Because you don’t fool either of us. Let’s have a look around.’

They decided how they’d dress. Doella had no trouble changing her appearance at will, but for Hath it took energy. Both sexes on the planet wore a sarong-type garment low on the hips, the richness of the fabric denoting the class of the wearer. They added loose tops when outdoors to protect them from the sun, and the locals looped a thin shawl over their heads for the same reason. The temperature was hot during the day. Their outfits resembled those of a middle-class merchant and his wife.
‘It’s almost Egyptian. There are no heavy wigs, they wear their hair longer, and their makeup is lighter. Isn’t this fun, Hath?’
‘For you maybe, but I’m not an Earth scientist and not used to this. I just use a bubble when a change of clothes won’t suffice.’
The pyramids were ancient, with an air of neglect. They were eroded and weeds grew out of the cracks on the surface.
‘There’s nothing left inside. What a pity. They are very old, built many millennia ago. The one there with its top missing is twice the age of this one, but they are well constructed. The erosion is caused by a very short but intense rainy season. What is their estimated age?’
 Hath scanned it. ‘Average - fifteen thousand years.’

 ‘The biggest city is a distance, so we won’t walk there. Hold my hand and I’ll take us closer.’
Low hills surrounded the capital, and four roads led into it from each direction. There was little traffic, and no-one saw them reappear. They walked the dusty road to a gate. Aqueducts carried water from a wide, fast-flowing river, situated to one side of the metropolis. This water irrigated crops and supplied the city.
A version of a shaduf, which lifted water into enclosed pipes, excited Doella.

They can’t have many enemies here; the walls are low. I’m more impressed with this city than with those pyramids. It resembles old Arab cities on my Earth; tall buildings with narrow little alleys and flat roofs to sleep on when it’s too warm. A shame the decoration is so faded.
Doella, even I see this form of writing is nothing like Egyptian hieroglyphics.
I’m impressed, brother, I didn’t know you knew anything about Earths. Yes, you are right, they resemble the earlier Babylonian scripts, but they don’t work the same way either. This is a real working vocabulary, more akin to a modern Earth language than to an ancient one. There are letters here, not just symbols standing for words; how exciting. I’ve worked it out. The people talk little, have you noticed? I’m reluctant to try mental communication until I understand the language; I wonder how they format mentally, in actual words against feelings? We experimented with telepathy in early Earth cultures, but the other humans were suspicious of them and hunted them out of existence.
How convenient for Varan; someone else to do their dirty work before anything gets out of hand, Hath said, and changed the subject. The people appear poor here, let’s move on, we don’t fit in. I saw a temple on the hill in the centre; it looked interesting.

They moved further into the city and found a market where there was more verbal speech. Hath soon understood their language too. He smiled at his sister. You’re right, I haven’t had this much fun since we were children. I wish I’d chosen Earth science myself, it’s fascinating.
I told you I needed a holiday, and I’ve always loved these early cultures, though they were often cruel. There is a simple vibrancy to them; humanity in its raw state, before they pressure it to conform to a sometimes impossible ideal. Conforming caused humans to undergo undue stress, and they visualised earlier times very romantically, remembering nothing of their reality.
Doella, Core is right, you are Earth-touched.
I like the jewellery on this stall. Buy me earrings, Hath.
It would be easier to replicate jewellery instead of money.
Hath!

Hath bought the earrings and put them through the holes Doella formed in her ear lobes. He glanced around as he did so. You have admirers, he declared.
Anyone interesting?
Sorry, just undersized youths and the rest are too old to interest you. Let’s keep moving towards the temple.

It was a long walk to the steps leading to the shrine. Soldiers in helmets and short sarongs lined the treads at regular intervals.
‘Much better,’ said Doella, practising the local language.
They followed the other worshippers into the large open sanctuary. It was cool in the shadow of the thick pillars. The floor was tiled, and the statue of a god stood in the centre.
Isn’t this interesting Hath. It looks like Bastet, one of the Egyptian goddesses of fertility, but I have seen nothing resembling a cat; that’s odd. It intrigued Doella. This wasn’t an Earth. But there were many similarities.
People put money into baskets and then kneeled and prayed. Doella and Hath did the same. They looked from this higher vantage spot. Around the temple were large, elegant houses, surrounded by lush, well-watered gardens.
‘It’s lovely,’ said Hath.
Yes, and I’m not talking about the view. See him?

Coming up the steps was a man in a silver-coloured helmet. His jewelled collar was rich and his long black hair fell in waves over his shoulders. He had a muscular body and a handsome face. His brown eyes looked straight into Doella’s green ones.
Beautiful! he said, not aloud, but into her mind. He stopped, and Doella continued down to stand in front of him.
‘Am I?’ she asked aloud.
Yes. Again, he spoke without uttering a word. Where did you get those lovely eyes? He saw Hath standing behind her. Your husband?
‘My brother,’ she corrected him. ‘I don’t have a husband.’
‘Good,’ he talked aloud now, his voice deep; ‘I wouldn’t have wanted to upset you by killing him.’ Doella raised her eyebrows. ‘What’s your name?’ he appraised her body.
‘Ducel,’ she replied, getting it as close to the local dialect as possible.
‘I’m Coath.’
‘Coath, this is my brother Hanath.’
He smiled again, looking into her eyes. ‘Follow me, both of you,’ he announced, not waiting for a reply.

At the bottom of the steps were two servants. They didn’t appear surprised at their master’s autocratic commandeering of the strangers. One of them held a fringed parasol over Doella’s head, and the other ran forward to lead the way. They were well-armed, as was Coath, who had a sword hanging from a belt around his waist. A door in a wall opened, and guards inside stood to attention. Coath led his guests into a shady arbour, and they sat on cool stone seats. A servant emerged with a carafe of wine, and they accepted a cup.
Coath looked at Doella in a way she relished, and she opened her legs as if in response to what he asked. He took the goblet from her hand and handed it to a servant. Then pulled her to her feet, and through a door ,which led into the house. My servants have instructions to find your brother a woman if he likes women.
Yes, he does.

Coath took her to a room filled with rugs and cushions, which opened onto the gardens on one side. Sheer billowing curtains gave a level of privacy. An attendant followed them into the chamber. Coath took off his helmet, collar, and sword, and the servant took off his sandals and then undid his sarong. He watched Doella. She removed her top and let her sarong fall to the floor, and another servant rushed in to tidy it. Doella and Coath stood there for a few moments admiring each other.
Am I as pleasing to you, beautiful Ducal, as you are to me?
Very.
Doella lay on the large cushions behind her, sensing a delicious rush of passion. She opened her legs.
‘It’s rare to find a woman who wants a man the way a man wants her.’ He did what she wanted and lunged into her.
As they moved together, he bent to kiss her lips and then her neck and breasts. They had an orgasm, and then lay in each other’s arms, holding each other. They continued to make love and touch each other in wonder for many hours. Coath was surprised but pleased when she sometimes took the lead in their lovemaking.
‘I’ve never had a woman like you; I didn’t even understand any existed. You are strong as a man, but otherwise, you don’t resemble one. I am tired and hungry, Ducal, and yet you still want me. I must eat. By the gods, Ducal! In his mind he finished,’ I believe I could love you.

He yelled for one of the ever-present servants to bring them food and drink. Doella lay on the cushions when the attendants came and laid out wine, fruit, cheese and pieces of bread on a low table. Coath was unconcerned about their nakedness in front of his male and female retainers. He took a goblet, waved them away, and handed it to Doella, who sipped at her drink, while he drained his and then threw it on the floor. He lay beside her again. ‘It’s strange; a woman as lovely as you ought to be well-known, but I’ve never seen nor heard of you. Where are you from?’ Doella indicated a direction. ‘Kafella?’ he asked. She nodded. ‘Now you live here. We’ll make fine, powerful sons and beautiful daughters together. Tonight, I’ll display you to my so-called friends and enemies. They’ll have no more reason to find a queen for me among their families.’ He laughed. ‘It was the temple which gave me Ducal.’

Servants escorted Doella to a suite of rooms prepared for her. They bathed and dressed her in expensive jewellery: a gold collar made of tiny balls on wires, which quivered as she moved, with earrings to match and bangles of gold and silver.
She asked for Hath. He too wore fine jewellery and a thin sarong.
Doella, you were right to bring me on your holiday. Do we ever have to leave? Guess what? This new man of yours is the lord of this city; it’s called Fara. Same old story, isn’t it? You collect kings like others do seashells on the beach. He sat on the cushions next to his sister.
Don’t get too close, Hath, or he’ll be jealous.
I’m your brother.
We don’t understand their customs well enough. In Earth’s Egypt, the pharaohs married their sisters, so don’t expect that to save you. So dear brother, I see you’ve been enjoying yourself.
I had six women last night. Doella, you must take me on all of your holidays.

Coath came in a few seconds after Hath left, and he didn’t appear pleased. ‘I saw him kiss you. Even if he is your brother, I will kill both of you if he touches you. Do you understand?’ She nodded. ‘I wondered how you had become such a sensual lover.’
‘I am a widow, and I don’t sleep with my relative.’ The old convenient story anew.
‘Liar,’ he said, but without heat. ‘No matter, the past is gone; and a meek and mild pure beauty would never make me feel like this. But now, no more men except me. I mean it; I will kill you both.’
She’d heard those words many times. Haris said the same. As always, Doella remained silent and nodded.
‘Tonight, I’ll introduce you to my court. Your brother knows who you’ve caught in your net this time.’

He removed the necklace and made love to her again. When he left her to prepare for the banquet, Doella stretched out and waited for the servants to wash and dress her. She thought about the men she had cherished over the years. There were so many like Coath and Haris and human men like Paul. She was sad she’d have to go. It’d hurt him, she realised he loved her, and she couldn’t blame her enhancements, for she could have stayed inside a bubble. She’d been cruel and shouldn’t have come here. She enjoyed having sex with the child-races, but now Doella understood the hurt she’d dealt those men she had cared for and left. This man wouldn’t die as quickly as the others did, and because of his telepathic abilities, she could enter his mind and join with him. One day he’d suspect she wasn’t who she said she was. She’d leave, and return to Astras.

The servants arrived to bathe and perfume her and brought in clothes. This time she wore a heavy gold collar, inlaid with many precious stones. With a matching belt, worn over a simple white sarong, which fastened at the front under the belt. Her breasts bound with the same fabric, and around her shoulders, they draped a cloak of the same fine material.
Coath re-entered just as they finished, and the servants left. From their manner, Doella guessed he was a strict master. She stood in front of a large polished bronze mirror, which must have been worth a fortune. He approached her from behind and his hands went to her breasts as he put his head on her shoulder.
‘I think we are going to be late, Ducal,’ he said as she turned to kiss him.
It was an hour later when she accompanied him into the large dining chamber. It was filled with the nobles and high-ranking men of the city and their wives. Tired of waiting for their lord and master to arrive, and, as tradition dictated, no food or drink served. The angry buzzing ceased as they entered the room. Just before he entered, Coath put on a tall golden crown with a similar shape to his silver helmet. His sarong was of material flecked with real gold thread, and he looked every inch the great lord he was. Doella followed him to the raised dais, sensing rather than seeing the people lying on the mats before the flat tables. She wasn’t interested in the ceremony; she wanted Coath, as she had Haris. Soon she’d have to leave.

They reached the dais. It had a large couch with cushions and low tables to the front and sides. Coath turned to help Doella up the steps. There was a communal gasp from the company. He seated her first and then lay beside her. There was complete silence.
You are shocking them, Coath, she said into his mind.
They have been trying to foist suitable women on to me for years, ever since I was a child. Noble, well-brought-up daughters, terrified of being touched by a man, unlike you, my love, who doesn’t want me to stop touching her. My slave-girls were not satisfactory either. I was their master, not their lover, and they did what I wanted out of fear, not from passion as you do. You care for me, as I do for you, I can sense it in your mind.
Yes Coath, I do care for you. Doella admitted it to herself.

They leant on the cushions, drinking wine, but eating little. Everyone was quiet and drank more than eating or talking. There’d be sore heads tomorrow. She caught the hostile looks of both sexes. It upset them he hadn’t chosen one of their daughters to be his queen, and they understood she wasn’t a noblewoman. Hath reclined on a couch, surrounded by his six lovely girls from Coath’s harem.
My lord, I am overwhelmed. How should I address you? asked Doella. I am unsure of court tradition.
Coath in private, and “my lord” in public.
Coath, I understand what you are thinking, but how can I marry you? I am not a noblewoman.
You cannot refuse!
She felt his flare of anger and said no more. They forgot they were not alone as they fed each other.
They didn’t sleep much that night either. When Coath fell asleep, Doella mind-called her brother. Be ready to leave.

She woke Coath.
‘Again, Ducal?’ he asked, smiling.
‘Coath, I have to speak to you.’ Doella couldn’t face leaving without saying goodbye.
He understood something was wrong before she stood up and allowed her crystals to show her full beauty, undimmed by disguise, her hair and skin gleaming gold.
‘Are you a goddess?’
It was easier to agree than to explain, and she knelt in front of her now terrified lover. ‘Make love to me before I go. See me as I am, so you will always remember me.’
He was afraid, but Doella brought his ardour to life. Afterwards, he was close to tears. ‘Ducal, please don’t leave me.’
‘Coath, I have to go. I don’t mind you marrying one of those noble girls and making her queen in my place. You must have children,’ she kissed him. ‘But I wish to come back to you. Save this special room for me?’
Hath appeared, Doella took his hand, and they disappeared.
Coath screamed out his loss and everyone who heard it was afraid. Before he’d found Ducal, he had been a hard and unrelenting master; but he’d been happy these last few days. The news soon spread she had gone. Tight-lipped, with a mad expression in his eyes, he ordered his servants to keep Ducal’s room ready.

Doella didn’t take them to the ship straight away. They sat on a ridge looking at the city and watched the sunrise.
‘Why did you show yourself to him? I thought we’d just leave. Are you coming back?’
‘Yes, he loves me, I can’t leave. It’d be cruel. Besides, I love him too. It’s not the first time I’ve been attracted to such a man is it?’ she said, thinking of Haris. ‘No doubt it will cause trouble. Come on, Hath, our brief holiday on Ark is over. A strange name, Ark, isn’t it?’ She took them to the white ship.

Chapter 22
No one asked where Doella kept disappearing; only Hath knew she went to Coath. She returned to him as soon as she could. The moonless nights on Ark were pitch-black; Doella entered her apartments, lit the lamps, and summoned Coath to her. At first, he thought he was dreaming and had sleepwalked into her rooms. When he saw her, he was afraid and unsure.
‘Coath, I am here.’
‘I believed you were a cruel goddess who drives men man for the love of her.’
‘I’m not cruel. I need your love too. Come and hold me, I am real.’
He changed the statue in the people’s temple, and in its place put a large replica of Doella, of solid gold with blue and white crystals. It was wrong to let him; it was against her peoples’ laws. When she was with him, she forgot everything but their love. She had to tell him she’d leave soon and be away for months. What if something happened, and she never came back? She had to prepare him. At least this child-race lived longer than their humans.

The day Core said to her, ‘We’ve finished our work on Astras,’ her secret world crashed.
Doella knew they had to leave, but was reluctant and kept putting off discussing it until Core insisted she talked to him.
‘You’ve not found much information from your visits to Ark?’ he suggested.
‘They’ve got a pantheon of gods, but it’s lost mythology. I can’t equate it with our Earth legends, or any others we know.’ She hadn’t tried, and Core guessed a man kept Doella there, not her studies.
‘Well, Doella, what shall we do now? Go to New Hyclo, or find the people who put the Arkans here? You always make the final decisions – it’s up to you.’

Others joined the meeting. Doella kept her mind empty and looked out of the ship’s holo-windows. Everyone followed her example and retained their ideas. She wasn’t fooling any of them, but she wasn’t trying.
‘We will find the creators,’ she said.

The original crew were to go with them, with Grouth and Spask, two Hyclos from the mines. Doella’s children would stay on Astras, looked after by Row and Rucella. She was not looking forward to leaving them.
She went to Ark. It was late afternoon and Coath did not come when she called him, although she knew he heard her. She followed his signature to an old part of the palace she hadn’t visited. It was older than the pyramids. She reached a set of worn steps, which led to an underground temple - the Lord of the city’s private place of worship. Coath stood before an altar, and his staff and soldiers knelt on the ground.
They bowed before an image carved into the wall, and Doella recognised it. It resembled the Egyptian sun god, Ra. Between its eyes was a yellow crystal from which lines led to smaller, coloured crystals, set in an irregular pattern across the ceiling. Doella knew it’d lead them to the home of the creator race. It lay in a near system, the ship called Chalen. The answer was here, and she was so involved in her seduction, she’d almost missed it. She returned to her room to wait for Coath.
She looked for Hath upon her return. ‘It was there,’ she said as she explained what she had seen. ‘I was so busy enjoying myself I nearly missed it. I’m so selfish!’
‘You can be; but also kind and generous when the need arises,’ he said with a grin. ‘I’ll call the meeting, shall I? I’ll come with you the next time. I miss those pretty women. We must try to contact this creator race before we leave Astras on its own.’
‘I hope they’re friendly. The Varan would be suspicious in their place.’
‘Don’t fret, I’m sure we will stay here.’
‘But I am worried.’

The relief Doella’s news brought to the crew surprised her. It was a large meeting, the first on Astras, and Row as unofficial leader chaired it. Rucella sat next to her husband as he explained the possibility an advanced race may be close by and must be sought for before they travelled to Hyclos. ‘Mother is right,’ Rucella insisted, ‘it’s important we discover the founders’ intentions towards us before we go to New Hyclo. I’m worried for our children; we can’t afford to be near anyone who might prove aggressive.’
Everyone agreed to find the Arkans’ creators if they were to stay here, and soon they were ready to set off again. ‘Normal space or interlamina, Doella?’ asked Carnos, looking at her.
‘I think we’re far away enough from New Hyclo here. Interlamina, please.’
‘Thank goodness,’ said Hath, echoing everyone’s thoughts.
It took only a few hours to reach the Chalen system, instead of weeks or even months. They looked for a planet where the Arkan creators might live, perhaps hidden in their version of a Varos base.

‘Found anything?’ Doella asked, worried the founders had left the system.
‘Here,’ said Core, ‘Those five worlds are inhabited. They have primitive power systems, their inhabitants don’t all live on the surface. On the two outer planets, there are no buildings except spaceports.’
‘These can’t be the creators, Core, they are far too primitive,’ suggested Doella. ‘Is there anything interlamina?’
Carnos had looked. ‘Nothing - surprising when you consider every terra-formed planet here is in this one dimension.’
‘It makes little sense. There must be something which indicates a creator species; it doesn’t fit,’ argued Doella.
‘I’ll scan each of the five planets,’ said Carnos, and pointed to a minor sphere with green oceans and yellow earth. ‘It looks used-up even from here, and on closer inspection, the biosphere is polluted. Communities are living there, and the power sources still work. Notice there’s little space traffic? It’s only freighters, no tourists travelling here, or a space navy.’ Carnos moved onto a greener world. ‘This is the food planet, hence more ships docking. Few live here, it’s heavily mechanised.’ He carried on to another world. ‘This one has very large sprawling cities…’
‘Carnos, what about the gas giant’s moons?’ Doella moved the holo-grid over a small moon. ‘There is nothing from this one, no signature.’
‘Point taken, we’ll examine that too. I’ll get closer to the planet with the cities first.’

They gathered around the holo-grid. Dolar and Wylane feigned indifference as usual.
‘It’s not pleasant,’ said Carnos. ‘They pack the tall buildings with people, while the rest of the world is barren and windswept and the seas are polluted and empty.’ Carnos scanned it. ‘It fits the familiar pattern of a decaying, main-commerce planet. Notice the natives’ physiology. They are similar to the Arkans, although our neighbours have larger, stronger bones, and…’ he pointed to the skull and brain, ‘these have no extra lobe.’
‘So not telepathic,’ said Doella. ‘Curiouser and curiouser.’ Everyone looked at her. ‘It’s a quotation from an Earth children’s book,’ she explained. ‘They are not originators. Their life-span is decreasing.’
Carnos scanned, searching for someone elderly. He set the scanner to automatic, looking for anyone over an estimated middle age. ‘I can’t pick up anyone over fifty.’
‘There is nothing new about races with limited resources killing off the older generations,’ said Core, feeling the same disgust as the rest of them.
‘They practised it in our tribe, but only when they were very ill or unable to care for themselves. They were killed with honour,’ said Haris.
‘It’s not the same; you gave them a choice,’ said Doella. ‘Could we move on, Carnos; I’ve had enough of this.’

The other planets told similar stories. They were sure these people never travelled outside their Solar system. Their fuel reserves were low, and their technology primitive.
‘Since these races are disappointments, I can’t see their originators hanging around, can you?’
‘But the Arkans aren’t failures, are they?’ suggested Sark, feeling her disappointment. ‘Don’t give up yet. There is still the moon,’ he reminded her.

They landed the ship, the scanners couldn’t penetrate the moon’s surface. The small orb sustained an atmosphere; it was thin, but capable of supporting life.
‘It should be freezing out there, but the surface is warm. You won’t need protection, although Sark, you’ll need a breather if you don’t use a bubble.’ Carnos found the readings strange. ‘Nothing is registering. This isn’t natural.’

Sark, Wylane, and Dolar, accompanied Doella onto the moon. It was a curious walk, in proximity to the enormous gaseous planet around them. Although the globe, which surrounded most of this one, could not support large life, it had its own beauty, and myriad colours swirled through its atmosphere. They felt as if they reached up they could run their hands through the fine wisps of vapour.
Sark studied the moon. ‘There’s not a dent on the surface, just a layer of dust covering a perfect sphere.’
Doella was intrigued. ‘It isn’t natural; if it was, it would be dragged into the gas giant’s orbit. It’s far too close, don’t you agree?’
‘Yes,’ agreed Sark, ‘a strong power-source must keep this moon in a stable orbit.’
‘Let’s find a way inside,’ suggested Wylane.

Doella requested the ship to land, and its movement stirred up the red powdery sand on the surface. It settled back with amazing swiftness. ‘Even the dust doesn’t behave naturally,’ said Doella. ‘Point your scanner, Sark. It’s composed of perfect spheres. It must be attracted to the layer by more than normal gravity.’
Sark did as she suggested. ‘Yes, clever. Any idea how we get inside?’
Doella shook her head. ‘We’ll split into two groups. Sark, you go with Wylane; Dolar and I will go in the opposite direction.’ They did so.
‘This is originator technology,’ said Doella. ‘A version of our Varos base, but it’s far more sophisticated than anything the Varan or Hyclos designed.’
‘We must find a way inside, grandmother.’
‘We will, even if we use force.’

NO FORCE! said a voice in her head. Dolar heard it too.
Who are you? asked Doella.
Who are you? Your ship is Rosarian, but you are not, and you have TWO FEYE CRYSTALS.
My blue crystals? There was silence. Talk to me! Doella demanded.
Instead, a box-lift emerged onto the surface.
‘We should wait for uncle and Sark,’ said Dolar, calling them.
Wylane came with dragon-speed, holding Sark. They entered the lift, and it sped into the moon’s interior.
‘It is hollow, as we suspected; and whoever they are, they allow my scanner to work,’ said Sark, examining the data. ‘There are only six people here; few for such a vast base.’

The lift stopped, and they disembarked. Sark was the only one who felt dizzy because of the speed, but he soon recovered. A figure waited for them as they stepped out. He resembled the Arkans or the individuals on the wasted planets. He wore loose, shiny trousers tucked into boots, and his torso was bare and smooth, a silvery circlet was on his short, black, wavy hair.
They were greeted politely, but he didn’t introduce himself. ‘Please follow me. We can answer your questions, and you may help us in return.’
They followed him into a large, well-lit apartment. It was featureless, without ornament, decoration, or unnecessary furniture. In the middle, sunk into the floor, was a circular couch. The room had a faint, greenish tint, because of the diffused light emitted by the smooth ceiling.

There were three more males and two women. They dressed alike, but the women’s small breasts were covered by a wide, tight band of material. They had the same short, dark, wavy hair, and seemed androgynous. Sark put his scanner away. They indicated the visitors should join them, so they walked down an incline and sat on the large comfortable couch opposite their hosts.
A male spoke first. ‘We know you two are dragon-hybrids, accompanied by a Varan and a Hyclos, which makes for strange travelling companions. We assume from your ship you are children of the Rosarians.’
‘Wylane and Dolar are my offspring,’ said Doella, waiting for a reaction. When there was none, she continued. ‘Made possible because of my blue crystals.’ She opened her work-suit to show them.

There was silence as the moon dwellers communicated. Their visitors didn’t eavesdrop. At last one spoke. ‘There is no information anyone has possessed two Feye crystals before,’ said a woman in a pleasing voice. ‘I am called Sirea. Please may I have your names?’

Doella introduced everyone. The other female was called Lilia, and the man who met them, Faelle. The others were Roste, Carse, and Leurk.
‘You know the Rosarians?’ asked Doella.
‘We are sister races, and known as the Litza,’ replied Roste. ‘We did not originate in this part of the galaxy but dwelt closer to the Rosarians. As with most old races, we forget our origins, and as the Rosarians did, we are scattered far and wide. We attempted to start a series of child-race colonies in this zone.’
‘The people you originated in this sector are failures,’ said Dolar. ‘Why haven’t you helped them?’
‘A dragon who cares,’ said Carse in wonder. They weren’t angered by Dolar’s words. Carse continued. ‘We have rules, Dolar, as I am sure the Varan and Hyclos do too. This was a colony established without interference beyond early B technology. Am I right, Doella? Would your races use these procedures too?’
Doella nodded. ‘Yes, we help them advance so far, and then we stop. After that, they either  become satisfactory or fail; it’s up to them.’
Sark agreed his people did the same.
‘So we are alike in the methods we use?’ asked Leurk.
‘But are we all wrong,’ suggested Sark.
‘Perhaps we are,’ agreed Leurk; ‘but unlike you, we do not break our rules.’
‘What about the Arkans?’ asked Doella.
‘Early in these peoples’ evolution, we found a few developed natural telepathic tendencies, which we’d not seen before at this point in evolution. As usually happens, the “normal” people killed them. We rescued those we could, and placed them on Ark, out of harm’s way,’ said Sirea.
‘Is that the reason you are still here?’ asked Doella, realising it made sense.
‘Yes. But we are also collecting data on the failed civilisations nearby. The Arkans are managing well, even though they are not technically minded. Although it is refreshing after what we see in this system,’ finished Sirea.
Doella was still curious. ‘What I find fascinating is your use of mythology on Ark. It is very similar to an early Earth belief; in fact, its parallels are so pronounced it raises more questions than answers.’

The Litza communicated with each other again. It was Lilia’s turn to speak aloud. ‘Like you, we are not gods. Perhaps those who created us are not either? We discovered similarities between our worlds and the ones originated by the Rosarians. We perceive very little is exclusive in this universe.’
‘Who originated the creators?’ asked Sark.
‘We do not know; our child-races do not recall us, do they? We appear in many forms as part of their mythology, and in time that is forgotten or manipulated.’

Sark and Doella nodded their understanding. Wylane and Dolar remained silent.
Doella changed the subject. ‘What of my blue crystals?’ She corrected her words. ‘I mean my Feye crystals.’
It was Carse’s turn to speak again. ‘They are crystals of substantial power. When we overheard you say you would force your way in here, we knew you could.’
‘Who made them?’ asked Doella, glad to find more about her “gifts”.
Carse continued. ‘Not us - we cannot use them, they are lethal. We had one in our keeping, but it disappeared many years ago.’
‘They are fatal to the Rosarians too,’ added Doella.
‘Yes. We believe they are created for specific individuals. Why, and for what reason is unknown,’ Carse was unaware of their actual role, and why Doella had two.
‘I wish I knew more, they don’t come with instructions,’ she said smiling.

But the Litza lacked a sense of humour. Roste stood. ‘I will show you the material we have in our data.’
Doella followed him into an adjoining room where the knowledge was in holographic form.
‘Why bother with this format; why don’t you just interface with me?’ she asked.
Roste made an excuse. ‘We are a technical race; we only use telepathy when necessary.’

There was not much information. The crystals were far older than either the Rosarians or the Litza. It was a story from ancient mythology - great heroes fighting against overwhelming odds, wearing blue crystals. Some had them embedded in their navels as Doella - others in their foreheads or even in their throats. They were hominid life forms; there was no saurian or insect races.
‘The information here is mostly myth,’ explained Roste.  The data is from dubious sources.’
‘How many are there?’ asked Doella.
‘As far as we know, very few. You would make a very dangerous enemy,’ he remarked.

They re-joined the others. Sark told them why they sought them out. He told the story, omitting Doella’s plans for New Hyclo. The Litza looked sympathetic.
‘As an advanced race you will not interfere with our Arkans,’ said Carse, ‘I hope with an aggressor, you might help them.’
‘I’ve had contact,’ admitted Doella.
‘What contact?’ asked Faelle.
Doella didn’t answer; it was Dolar who glanced at Doella and said, ‘Grandmother enjoys her pleasures.’
‘Pleasures?’ repeated Lilia. The Litza looked puzzled.
‘I’ve been visiting a man there,’ Doella explained, joining Dolar in her teasing.
‘Oh!’ said Faelle, now understanding; and he passed it on to the others.
They looked shocked.
‘With a sub-species?’ uttered Lilia, far too appalled to be polite.

They worried as to keeping Doella as a friend, but they couldn’t afford to make an enemy of her. It convinced Doella if she didn’t have a Feye crystal, they’d ignore their arrival and prevent them entering the base.
‘Does this man know who you are?’ asked Roste.
‘No, he believes me to be a goddess.’
There was another telepathic communication, and then Roste said, ‘We accept he sees the gods as real. You have our consent to leave your colony there, we may visit.’
‘Thank you,’ said a very relieved Sark.
The Litza stood. It was time to depart. They looked at Doella with an odd expression.

‘You almost ruined it, Doella,’ suggested Sark as they neared the surface. ‘I had my suspicions as to why you disappeared so often.’
‘I said I needed a holiday!’
‘They'd have given Doella anything she asked for, even Ark,’ Wylane said. ‘They are terrified of what she might be capable, and they weren’t too pleased with Dolar and my presence either.’
‘I noticed,’ said Sark, and then he added. ‘So is your holiday over, Doella?’
‘For a while,’ she said, smiling. ‘I wonder why I’ve got this crystal. I don’t enjoy fighting unless I’m a dragon.’
‘Perhaps because you prefer loving instead,’ said Dolar with her usual insight.
‘I am surprised you didn’t take one of the Litza males on a brief outing, Doella.’ Wylane said with his best malicious smile.
‘Oh no!’ Doella and Dolar exclaimed together.
‘They are not at all sexy,’ explained Doella, hoping they listened.

Chapter 23
They left the system and returned to Astras. It relieved everyone they could stay after the work they’d done, and there was a creator race close by, even if they were not friendly. When races achieved originator status, they became insular. After discussion, they decided it was a natural evolutionary phase, which resulted in complete withdrawal from dealings with other worlds.
Now they realised where Doella was whenever she was missing. Core was fed up of waiting to set out for New Hyclo, and spoke to Sark.
‘Doella is reluctant to leave because of this man. You must speak to her Sark, she listens to you.’
‘I don’t think it’s just him, Core. Doella isn’t sure what to do.’
‘Then Astras will never be safe. From what you’ve told us, we can’t rely on the Litza to come and help if the women attack, and if our dragons aren’t here, we might not survive.’
Sark understood Core was right, and he looked for Doella.

Doella returned from spending time with Coath. He was no longer in awe of her and their relationship was fulfilling. She kept warning him sometimes she’d leave for extended periods. He wasn’t happy, but what man could argue with a goddess?
Doella relaxed in her tub when Sark came to see her.
‘Doella!’
‘I recognise that tone of voice Sark, but you use it less than the others.’ She got out of the bath, dried herself, put on a loose gown, and followed Sark into the other room.

 ‘Doella, end your “holiday”, as you call it. We need to move on to New Hyclo. The women won’t give up until they find us. And there may be more males suffering in places like Plesson. We must go back.’
‘I agree. The time I spend with Coath makes me forget what I’ve become and remember what I was.’
‘We understand, Doella.’
‘You do, Sark, but I’m not sure about the others.’
‘The past is gone; none of us can travel back to what we were. Your family is here now, but to keep them safe we must finish what we started. We’ve delayed too long.’
‘The Litza will help if the females come.’
‘I doubt it, Doella. They are only interested in protecting the Arkans, their most exciting and successful experiment.’
‘They might, we can’t be sure. I suppose everyone is ready to go and waiting for me?’
‘We’ve been ready since the Litza.’
‘I’ll say goodbye to the children.’
‘Not Coath?’
‘No, he knows.’
‘I’m sorry, Doella, but none of us has the life we expected; it’s not just you.’
‘I realise. Coath anchors me to my past, while I come to terms with my new life.’

Sark left thinking despite her pleasure at being on Ark, she didn’t appear her usual confident self. He talked to Dolar, who understood her grandmother better than he lately. He found her using her tremendous strength to help erect walls for storage sheds. They were hoping for their first harvest soon, as the replicators used far too much energy for long-term use. They needed to become self-sufficient. Farming became an important art form on Varan; one day it would happen here too.
‘Dolar, we will leave.’
‘I’ll finish.’
‘Walk with me first. I need to ask you something.’
‘About grandmother?’
‘Yes; what’s wrong with her, I’ve never seen her like this, so unsure of herself.’
‘How can I explain to you in words…? She’s delaying leaving because delaying finishing. She’s unsure where her home is, where she’ll go afterwards, who will stay with her or who she will stay with - everything is uncertain. As always, she’ll focus when we start. Then, when it’s over, we must love her while she decides what her life is. Men don’t have our instincts for deeper feelings, although you are wiser than most; why she loves you.’ Dolar smiled and then laughed. The answer was so simple and the solution so confused, but Sark understood Dolar.
The goodbyes were hard, but Dolar was right. As soon as everyone was aboard and organised, Doella was her usual self.
She called a meeting. ‘We won’t stay too long in ordinary space, I’ve asked Core to plan a route which can’t be traced to Astras, even if they pick up our signature. Core estimates two months.’ To herself she said, No babies; I must keep my mind focused and just accept it.

They kept busy, deciding what to do when they got there. They ran endless drills and scenarios. At last, they reached the coordinates. They hid behind a moon, located two star systems away from New Hyclo.
Doella made a decision. ‘I’m going to New Hyclo, and as a dragon.’
Hath stared at her. ‘That is crazy, dear sister, they will see you coming.’
‘No, they won’t. I’ll try it first, I believe I can be invisible, not just visually, but to their scanners. If I go in a Varan bubble they’d detect me, Sark?’ He nodded. ‘If I’m as successful as I hope, I’ll take Sark, Spask and Grouth with me, wearing those bracelets Carnos came up with, so they register female. Be careful not to mind communicate, or they’ll discover us.’
‘Remember Doella, our priorities are freeing the imprisoned males and any dissident women, and stopping those abhorrent breeding programs.’ As Sark said the words, it seemed too much for anyone to achieve. Sark was anxious about visiting New Hyclo and what he’d find there.
You haven’t said if you’ve got a plan yet. He spoke to Doella on intimate mode.
She looked at him and then addressed everyone. ‘I will succeed.’ She touched her head. ‘It’s in here, somewhere in here. I’ll see everything when I need it. I destroyed those dragon eggs with a virus; maybe I can trigger something to make the Ca sterile.’
‘We wish to find women for breeding if they exist,’ said Spask, aghast.
‘My priority.’
Doella’s uncertainty was making them edgy, and she doubted herself.
Wylane growled. ‘And we are doing nothing but argue and going round and round in circles. Take one step at a time, and see what unfolds, so far it’s worked.’
It took Doella a few tries, the golden dragon disappeared from the Rosarian ship’s sensors.
Doella materialised in the control room. ‘I said I could do it!’
‘When do we leave?’ Sark asked.
‘When you three are well-rested. You are tired and we must be alert. I need to rest too.’
She took Carnos to her chamber where they made love, and she fell asleep lying in his arms.

The time had come. Grouth and Spask admitted they were terrified of travelling with Doella, and even Sark’s reassurances didn’t help, Spask flinched when she told the Hyclos to stand next to her. Suspended in the soft, blue sack, they watched glowing planets and space flashing by them at a tremendous rate.
‘Relax,’ said Sark to the other two, as he made himself comfortable. ‘It’s confining for a long journey, but for a short one, a very pleasant way of travelling.’
Grouth looked up at the vast expanse of Doella’s dragon-body above them. ‘Sark, she frightens me. How can you live with such a woman?’
Sark laughed. ‘Sometimes she terrifies me too, but…’ He stopped and smiled.
They reached New Hyclo without being detected. Doella slowly flew to the largest city. This reduced the resistance on her wings, so any winds or updrafts she caused resembled normal weather patterns. It was frustrating, but she had to be careful. The Hyclos were technologically advanced, and would suspect any unusual phenomena. She circled the metropolis, noting it was Hyclos in design: tall, rectangular buildings interspersed with large open spaces, filled with arched walkways and gardens. The Dilas ore imparted a glistening whiteness, which wouldn’t diminish for generations.
She landed on an empty roof, bright in the hot noon sun. The planet was leafy and pleasant, but they transformed every green area into a formal garden. It was a controlled space and Doella, as all Varan, preferred natural disorder.

The other three stood in their Hyclos cloaks and hoods as Doella changed form, and soon another “sister” joined them on the roof. Doella moved to the parapet and looked over at the surroundings. With her acute vision, she could see for miles. After a long time she returned smiling to the nervous men, Sark understood the look, it meant, “I have an idea.”
‘Hyclos women do not smile, Doella; it looks very odd,’ whispered Sark as he waited for her to speak.
‘I want to talk to you. Let’s sit there, out of the sun.’ She led them to a shady canopy. The roof was deserted, due to the noon heat. ‘There are two social classes on Hyclo, the Ca and the Te? She asked. The Ca class has ruled for years. At first, a Ca was someone above a certain height, and the shorter people were called Te. Eventually, this originally unimportant categorisation divided families, the Ca grew to dominate their smaller cousins. A male leader needed a Ca wife. So the Te did not marry or reproduce because the Ca wanted only Ca children.’
‘It was a very long time ago, Doella,’ admitted Sark. ‘Males and female haven’t married for many years; but yes, I’ve told you our history.’
Grouth and Spask were unsure.
‘Don’t you see?’ Doella addressed the other Hyclos. ‘That’s how your race created these cruel women. Hyclos ideals of femininity gave way to women who resembled the men they came to despise. Now men are no longer necessary, and they reduce the Te to sweeping the paths and tidying the gardens.’
‘Doella, we’ve not thought of people as Te and Ca for years,’ insisted Sark.
‘It doesn’t mean they didn’t exist. Before the dragons burned your planet, how many Te had you seen? I believe their larger sisters used them for the more menial tasks, running homes, helping to raise children. I am right, aren’t I? Can you recall that far back?’
Grouth answered. ‘I remember very little before I was imprisoned. I was still a boy raised in a school, with brief contact with the outside world. Sark is older; can you?’

Sark did his best to understand what he saw so long ago. ‘I knew my mother and father, although I seldom met them. They were both Ca, I suppose. I was brought up in a school too. I met no other relatives. The schoolteachers were Ca, and I remember men working as gardeners who were not Ca. Yes, you are right. Te woman fed us and kept the school clean. We didn’t speak to them, as they only allowed contact with our friends, the teachers, and our parents. This was the way in our schools. There were no Te children, we were Ca.’

They had the same thoughts. What had happened to the Te men? They rescued none from the mines. Doella saw Te women in the streets, but no Te men.
‘How did we come to this horror?’ asked Grouth, ‘Why didn’t we realise what we were creating? It’s far worse than we imagined.’

Doella tried to help. ‘We made mistakes on Varan too. We overproduced and nearly wiped out our planet; then we didn’t create many children and were in danger of dying out. We realised this before it was too late. When we started the Earth projects, it was to study them. It took a long time to achieve any successful Earths, and we learned about ourselves. Then we became too complacent and the wild dragons almost destroyed us… but we didn’t learn from it.’
‘The Varan may keep a tight rein on its citizens, but they never killed or imprisoned half their population,’ said Spask.
‘No, but have the Karish? I agree they didn’t kill as many as the Ca. But if an individual refused to conform or accept treatment, was it easier to get rid of them? We don’t admit to it, but we believe it was true. We Varan are not perfect either. But we’ll start a new race greater than the old and remember our earlier mistakes, so we never make them again.’ Doella’s ideas took form. ‘The Te will be unhappy with their lot in life, we’ve found our women.’
‘Doella, my dear, how are we going to get hundreds of women off this planet with no-one noticing?’ Although Sark asked, he smiled. Doella would find a way.
‘I haven’t thought it out yet, but I will. First, we need updated Hyclos data. Move over to those lifts; someone is coming.’
They walked the city streets. Sark understood where they should go, and the four walked separately, as Ca never congregated. The silence was unnerving. They followed Sark. He entered a large building, and the others kept discreet intervals.
They met up in an empty corridor. ‘This is the public library,’ Sark whispered. ‘We saved as much as possible when the dragons struck. Here we keep our hard copy documents, as well as access to the national databases. But you won’t find anything of a sensitive nature.’
Doella’s plan was ready. ‘I’ll go further in and extract the data, but even I can’t do it without being discovered. For your safety, get back to the roof we landed on and wait for me.’

Doella gave them time and looked around the library while they returned to the rooftop. The building wasn’t crowded, and there were available data points. To confuse the security measures, she used one in the busiest room. Close by were very ancient electronic notebooks, and even a few books made of paper, covered in a clear material to conserve them. Doella read them while she waited for the others to reach the roof. When she sensed they were safe, she moved towards her chosen point.
Doella understood the Hyclos systems; alarms would sound when she found the data she needed, but she’d be able to retrieve it. She entered the system, and it didn’t register her as an alien. Moving through the public database, she shunted the security barriers aside and connected to the major data banks. The alarm sounded, and she hastened away and vanished. She felt dizzy as a result of the vast amount of material she accessed but recovered and slipped invisible passed two Ca guards running to the room.

She entered a large open space where she changed into a dragon and flew invisibly and leisurely towards the roof. Her fellow conspirators stood as close to each other as they could without looking suspicious. As they felt the beating of her wings, they moved closer to each other and waited. There were other Ca on here now, enjoying the cooler evening light; but they realised something was wrong as three sisters disappeared.

Chapter 24
Back on the ship, Doella joined the others in the control room. There was a discussion in progress about the Te females. She listened as Sark explained the difference between the two types of Hyclos women, and how this happened.
Doella waited until he finished. ‘As Sark said, we may have found wives for you,’ she said. ‘Those Te women will have a far better life on Astras than on New Hyclo. But there are other matters. Make yourselves comfortable, I’ll send the data I retrieved, and when we have assimilated it, we can discuss our priorities and what action comes first.’

The information transfer was fast. But it’d take time to order their thoughts. There was much knowledge about the mines, the prisons, and the breeding facilities. Even Doella was exhausted when she finished. Dolar brought glasses of wine while they recovered.
‘That was amazing, Doella. I couldn’t have downloaded all the information in such a short time,’ Sark said, and the others agreed.
‘It wasn’t very comfortable, to be honest,’ she replied. ‘You will need time to review what I’ve shown you and be confused for a while. I’ll fly the ship while you relax.’
‘Grandmother, I’ll mind the ship; you should rest too,’ said Dolar, after the others left.
‘You never told me you could pilot the ship.  We need a compatible crystal, but I’m not surprised.’
Dolar raised an eyebrow. ‘There has always been someone else willing to do it.’ She smiled at her dragon logic. ‘You are edgy, grandmother; Wylane should go with you.’ He escorted Doella to her room.
Doella slept long. Wylane wasn’t there when she woke. Her head was fuzzy when she got up, but as soon as she was refreshed and dressed, she moved to the bridge.
Wylane piloted the ship. ‘You are the only one to wake so far.’
‘I’ve dreamed for a long time; are the others alright?’
‘Yes, just asleep. Dolar is with Hath. It’s very peaceful.’
‘I’ll get something to eat and a mug of coffee.’

She was on her second cup when Carnos arrived. He kissed her. ‘I’m still sorting out the new data. Even the parts we don’t need make for interesting reading.’ He ordered food and joined Doella in a cup of coffee.
It wasn’t long before the others drifted in to join them; they were hungry and thirsty too. After they had drunk and eaten, they followed Doella into the control room for an important meeting. Wylane continued to pilot the ship, and Core gesticulated behind his back.
‘All we had to do was ask,’ said Doella.

Sark started the discussion. ‘We know there are other mines, and approximately one thousand two hundred miners working in them. There are no more men - free men…’ he paused, as they registered what he meant. ‘They are all deceased, except for the young Hyclos waiting to grow up and donate their sperm.’ He was angry. ‘Everyone else is dead, including the many women who disagreed with Papoe, all of them used as fertiliser on New Hyclo.’
Silence, pain, horror; everyone’s feelings were out of control. The Varan crewmembers felt nauseous.

‘It’s a horrible story, even though we expected it,’ said Core, to break the emotional strain. ‘My heart tells me to let Dolar and Wylane burn them out of existence,’ he added. There were nods of agreement.
‘The Te are never mentioned as if they don't count.’ said Spask. ‘They live in prison-like dormitories. I believe I’m correct in saying only about three thousand are left?’
‘Yes, Spask,’ said Doella, ‘they are young women; too youthful to remember the original social-structure.’

Silence fell again. Doella’s emotions bubbled over as she tried to keep her anger in check. ‘We have to get those innocents off that hellish planet!’
‘Yes, burn the witches,’ shouted Carnos, looking at Doella. ‘It’s an appropriate term, don’t you think? It comes from our Earth,’ he explained.
‘There are half a million Ca,’ said Grouth. ‘A formidable army.’
‘They have killed over a hundred and sixty million individuals,’ said Sark, unable to keep his temper any longer, ‘the dragons only accounted for fifty million!’ He got up and walked out. Doella followed him, but then stopped.
‘Let him grieve, Doella,’ said Spask, ‘the rest of us have had time, he has not.’

However, Doella couldn’t stay away. A little later, she moved through his locked door. His cabin was in total darkness. ‘I can’t sleep, Doella,’ he said. He sat in a chair, still dressed. ‘I can’t stop thinking about what those women have done.’ Doella moved closer. ‘No, please, don’t heal me yet; sit next to me. You give off a soft, blue glow in the dark. I never noticed it.’
‘Because I’m rarely in total darkness; we Varan don’t enjoy it.’
‘Neither do the Hyclos. My dear heart, we didn’t meet and fall in love without good reason, did we?’
‘No, my Hyclos, we did not.’
She sat with him for a while, not trespassing into his thoughts. Eventually, he asked her to heal him, as he feared he might lose his sanity. Afterwards, she made him get into bed, got in beside him, and held him close until he fell asleep.
Doella knew what she had to do. At the next meeting, everyone was vocal. The initial shock was over, but the pain remained.
‘First,’ insisted Doella, ‘we capture as many Hyclos ships as needed and try to keep our intentions secret by sending false reports to central command. We’ll have to imprison the crews somewhere. Before our attack on New Hyclo, we’ll have to rescue the other miners before they are killed. We need to coordinate our rescues for the same reasons. Then we settle accounts with these Ca women.’ Her eyes blazed; she looked like a dragon disguised as a hominid. Wylane smiled with pride, but the others were uneasy until she realised the effect she had on them and changed her demeanour. ‘I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to make you nervous’.

After the meeting, Wylane said to her. ‘Come and fly with us, Doella. We need to stretch our wings.’
The others tried to ignore them, but it wasn’t easy.
That night as Doella lay beside Carnos she said, ‘I’m going to disguise this ship’s signature to frighten them even more....’ In his mind appeared the image of a vast, black, almost invisible ship. ‘That’s what the Hyclos crews will see before we put them to sleep.’
‘So when we return them to New Hyclo they’ll spread panic?’
‘Exactly.’
‘It will terrify them, Doella.’ Carnos reached for her again.
‘It’s as if I’m taking part in a well-rehearsed play.’
‘You keep saying it,’ Carnos interrupted.
She moved away as he tried to kiss her. ‘You must’ve noticed I always solve the problem as required; not in advance, but when needed.’
‘Not now, Doella. Shut up and kiss me.’
Core found a cavern on an isolated planet where they could imprison the crews. They drew the Varan equivalent of straws to see who’d oversee the women. Haris received the black token. Doella replicated a bizarre suit for him to wear - a black hooded figure with a red metal mask.
Haris hugged her as they said goodbye. ‘Please don’t leave me here too long, Doella.’
‘I’ll arrange for someone to relieve you soon; I don’t want to be without you either.’
‘You made sure I got the black disc, didn’t you?’
Doella nodded. ‘You know why?’
‘Yes, this fight isn’t personal for me.’
‘Your signature will keep them guessing.’
‘Those Ca on Plesson saw you.’
‘I’m hoping they might believe we are a small part of a bigger plan; a rogue group acting as a front for something more sinister.’ She touched a large medallion he wore about his neck. ‘This emits an alien signature which represents a cold, unrelenting, dark being. As long as you keep your emotions in check, that’s all they’ll sense.’
Haris laughed. ‘The only time I become emotional is around you.’

He kissed her and then left to organise his living quarters; he might be here for months before they relieved him. Haris accepted Doella’s decision. Carnos and Core were needed on board ship, and Dolar or Wylane would kill the prisoners. He knew Doella intended Hath to relieve him, and hoped it’d be soon.

They brought the first captured ship from Astras to help, and found their first victims, using the same tactics as before. Leaving the sleeping women in Haris’ care.
‘Don’t go inside, no matter what happens,’ insisted Doella. ‘Even without functioning crystals they still have strong mental powers and if they combine them…’
‘My dear Varan, remember I’m a barbarian. In my eyes, they ceased to be women when they started killing off their kind.’
More ships were seized and bogus messages sent. Until a ship, on its way to New Hyclo, was ordered to return to base. Grouth indicated to Hyclos command they were under attack by an unknown force and broke off communications. He had to change course several times.
Hath relieved a grateful Haris.
 All they could do now was to stay hidden and wait for reinforcements. Making love kept Doella calm, but the rest of the time, she paced the ship deep in thought.

The Ca prisoners did their best to entice Haris, and then Hath to enter the cavern, even injuring one of their own to do so. Hath remembered his sister’s words and did not enter. The injured woman died, and he didn’t remove the body. The others covered her with stones, but the smell was disgusting and they didn’t try the ploy again. They argued and fought amongst themselves. Both Haris and Hath found it easier than expected to be dispassionate; they couldn’t forget how many innocents the ruling Ca killed.

The New Hyclo authority soon realised many of their ships and crews were missing and ensured the surviving ships flew in groups. But the prison cave was full, and they had enough vessels to rescue the remaining miners.
More reinforcements arrived. The more technically minded Hyclos were given a ship to command, and a meeting called. Everyone was anxious to start on the rescue missions; they worried the surviving men were in even greater peril.
‘We know the miners are in deadly danger,’ said Doella, ‘and there are another two groups I’m concerned over: the breeding males and the young Te. We will liberate the miners after I return from a visit to New Hyclo to help complete my plans. In the meantime, please continue drilling your crews as Core instructed.’
‘Doella, every day we delay another life may be lost,’ said Canast, one of the older Hyclos miners.
‘I know, and every day we leave it one of those boys might become a man. But, I must plan this carefully if we are to succeed. I understand your impatience, Canast; but my timing needs be perfect.’

This time she flew alone to New Hyclo. First, to the large city she’d visited previously. It looked different now; the streets were full of armed guards, and no Te worked in the gardens. It worried Doella until she found a Te compound outside the city. It was an open prison; each Te had a small cell-like room and few belongings. There was a large area where food was available. They mingled between their cells, the common room, and a paved space, devoid of trees. Outside the gates were armed Ca, but none inside the compound.

After this reconnaissance, Doella moved into the large hall disguised as a Te. The inhabitants did not chatter or laugh as a group of Varan or human women would; most of them sat alone. Doella explored the replicators. There was no choice of menu, just bowls of bland porridge and beakers of Tré water. Two Te came in together and whispered to each other as they ate their meal. Doella listened in to their conversation.
‘Karo, we don’t know what is happening and they’ll punish you if you ask.’
‘I hate being confined, I need to go outside and work in the gardens again.’
‘Be quiet, Karo, the guards listen, and will remove you.’
‘Kill, you mean,’ said Karo, her voice getting louder. ‘Why don’t you say what you mean, Closa?’
‘Karo, please listen. This is no life, I agree, but it is life. They’ll kill us if we make trouble, they’ve done it before, be careful. Keep your thoughts clear.’

Perfect, these women were not happy and in constant danger; they’d welcome a new way of life. She’d take Karo back to the ship for safety, but first, she had other places to visit.

The breeding facilities were deep underground and unpleasant in the extreme. They were heavily guarded, and Doella had to concentrate to make sure she didn’t set off alarms. She felt sick and distressed. There were racks of cylinders filled with fluid, each containing a boy child of different ages. They were drugged, and fed by tubes inserted into their chests. Doella wanted to cry and then became so angry she fought to control her emotions. As if to emphasise what happened here, she saw a cylinder drained, and a young Hyclos fell onto the floor together with the liquid in which he’d lived. A Ca technician pulled several tubes out of his body and then fixed a device over his genitals. The boy twitched once as the machine sucked. He didn’t regain consciousness.

Doella sensed him die before he lived. Why was this taking place? There was no need to kill him; it was a perverse punishment because he was male. Her horror was profound, but she had to control herself if she was to achieve her plans. The boy’s pathetic and mutilated body was pushed into an evacuation channel as if he was waste. The body passed near Doella’s feet as it left on its last journey to the compost factory. She had to force herself to finish this assignment. There were foetus’s growing in similar chambers, male and female alongside egg and sperm storage. This was nothing new, but Doella hadn’t seen this technology used in such a ghastly manner. With the Varan, children were treasured, nurtured, and loved. The Hyclos hadn’t developed that way for a long time, and these were the results. Doella moved fast now, for time was of the utmost importance. It was as if she’d woken from a dream. She understood what was taking place from the data, but seeing it first hand was another matter. She must get back and rescue Karo.

Doella couldn’t find her; Closa was alone in her cell.
‘Where is Karo?’ she asked.
Closa didn’t move. ‘Gone,’ she said and put her hands to her face.
‘Come with me.’
‘Where are you?’
‘You can’t see me; here take my hand,’ Doella grabbed one of hers. ‘Would you like to leave this place?’
‘Like Karo?’ she whispered.
‘No, to safety,’ said Doella. ‘Come now; walk with me to the entrance.’
Closa was too frightened and distressed to question what was happening. Doella pulled her to the gates, and the Ca guards fell. Closa stood bewildered, as Doella turned unseen into a dragon. The Te was gently lifted off the ground and Doella sent her to sleep.

Chapter 25
The Te woman caused consternation on the ship.
‘She’s a victim, as you were and not a Ca!’ Doella said when one of the Hyclos backed away in disgust. She took the girl to a cabin and called for Dolar.
 ‘It was horrible; just as well she wasn’t awake to see how most reacted. We’ll leave her to sleep, while I make my report.’

Doella went to the control room where everyone congregated. Doella showed them what she’d seen. No one spoke. ‘I’m sure the Te will go with us,’ she said, ‘their lives are frightening, dangerous, and unfulfilled. Those left are barely tolerated by the Ca. These women are the last of the Te. I found out more at the breeding facilities. The foetuses are scanned, and any who don’t come up to Ca specifications are terminated.’ Then Doella’s pent-up feelings rose to the surface, and she burst into tears. ‘It was horrible,’ she sobbed.

Wylane took her to her rooms and held her until she stopped crying. He urged her to sleep as it always helped her heal. He sat beside her bed and watched her dreams, and when she woke up, he insisted she eat and drink. She still felt upset. The Hyclos were the Varan’s sister race. Their fall into depravity was a shock, and it could’ve happened to the Varan.
Doella smiled at her son. ‘The only way I’ll recover is by righting these terrible wrongs.’
Dolar stayed with Closa as she slept. ‘Grandmother, I’m afraid this puny, unattractive creature won’t appeal to any of the men after Rucella and your other daughters.’
‘She looks like a young boy, underfed and pale. But she is far from ugly, and much prettier than the Ca. We can improve on nature, and make her more feminine. I’ll ask her first, though,’ and she made a face.
‘What are you planning?’
‘On my Earth, women who considered themselves less appealing than others used surgical methods to enhance their looks; even those who were already beautiful.’
‘Why, to appeal to their mates?’
‘Mostly, but not always. Sometimes it was for them, to make them happier inside by changing the outside. It often worked, but some became dependent on it.’
‘I doubt if the Te care about how they appear; it must be the least of their worries.’
‘There are no prospective mates on New Hyclo. I don’t believe the Hyclos women went off sex. Something conditioned them not to think of it. I’m sure we can change it, and she’ll want to be admired. That’s a natural way, not the false conditioning of the Ca. We are both beautiful - the women of our races are - and we appeal to our males,’ Dolar looked sceptical. Being a dragon, this made little sense to her. ‘A long time ago, the Varan learned how to achieve those results by genetic techniques.’
Dolar still looked dubious, ‘On your Earths, some individuals prefer their sex for mating. Are there no Varan like that?’
Doella was puzzled. ‘To be honest, I’ve never thought about it, but you know the Varan. If it was ever a part of our culture, I never saw data. It’s probably another thing from our long past we can’t be proud of. I’ll bring her around now.’ The Te opened her eyes, and when she saw Doella, she terrified her. Doella helped her to control her fear. ‘Closa, do you remember my voice?’ The girl nodded. ‘I am Doella and called a Varan, not a Ca. I rescued you because you were upset about Karo. I’m sorry I didn’t save her too.’
‘I don’t understand.’
‘I’ll help you by putting my hands on your head - don’t be afraid, I won’t hurt you.’ Doella gave her enough knowledge to help but not overwhelm her. She allowed her to digest the information and mind-called Sark and Carnos to join them.
‘Closa, meet Carnos, he is a male Varan; and this is Sark, he is a male Ca.’ Doella explained. Closa nodded to show she understood. ‘I’m a female, as you are, and so is Dolar here; but she belongs to another species - you can see she looks different from both the Varan and the Hyclos.’ The girl looked confused.

‘Closa, can I get you food?’ asked the ever-practical Dolar. She sensed the girl had trouble understanding. ‘Sark, help me choose something.’
Sark chose a vegetable soufflé served with an unusual sauce and Tré water. Doella hid her disgust at the beverage. ‘You’ll like this, Closa,’ said Sark, as Dolar helped the young woman to her feet.
Doella left Closa with Dolar, who the girl trusted, and followed Sark and Carnos outside the room. Doella suggested what they could do to help lose her boyish appearance. Both men looked aghast at her suggestion of surgical intervention.
‘I agree she isn’t attractive at the moment, but what you propose is extreme,’ said Carnos.
‘Carnos, you lived on Earth. It was common for women to improve their looks that way, so why not Closa? She is pretty, or will be, I won’t overdo it; we’ll change her hair, to begin with, and I’ll replicate Earth makeup until we find what suits her best. With nutritious food and a safe environment, she’ll need little work to appear womanly.’
‘It seems frivolous; but I agree with Doella, Carnos. If we make the Te more appealing, as the women they are now familiar with, it might help to reconcile our two sexes. Doella, explain to her what you want to do.’ Sark was on-side.
‘She’s having trouble dealing with everything. I’ll ask her to trust me.’ Doella was confident.

Closa was calmer now and believed her life may have changed for the better. The food was a big help, and Dolar still provided her with things from the replicator. The Te was as intelligent as the Ca but required education. It was important to make Closa attractive. She guided her in front of a mirror and stood next to her. The girl had never seen her image before, and she looked at Doella and then at herself, touching her roughly cropped, light brown hair. She had pale skin and light blue eyes. Her face was more angular than a Varan, but far from unattractive. Varan didn’t use cosmetics, but Doella put her time spent on Earth to good use by replicating what she needed. Closa’s skin took on a healthy glow, and Doella highlighted the girl’s eyes as she had done herself when she was Louise, and added lipstick for more colour. Closa’s eyes were wide with astonishment. She couldn’t work out what was happening, but she saw the improvement in her reflection.
Dolar understood and nodded her approval. ‘Make her hair grow so we can style it.’
Patient Closa never spoke, but she relaxed as her face and hair transformed. She still couldn’t understand why these two lovely women were making her resemble them, and now they’d made her hair shiny too. Staring back at her reflection was a young woman, not a boyish Te. Doella was finding this a welcome change from her more serious responsibilities.
‘Do you like it, Closa?’ she asked, hoping she saw the improvement. It still puzzled Closa. ‘Our races have two sexes. To fulfil our lives, many come together to produce children and become a family. The Ca women stopped this, and don’t just kill Te like Karo, but men too, Te and Ca. We want to restore your lives as they were and make Hyclo the race it once was.’ It sounded simple, even trite when she said it.

At last, Closa spoke. ‘I don’t understand what you are telling me, but you saved my life and I’m grateful.’
‘I’m going to get you different clothes. Your tunic isn’t flattering.’ Doella replicated a pale blue jersey dress, the same colour as Closa’s eyes; and a pair of navy boots.
‘Jewellery, grandmother?’ suggested Dolar.
‘Earrings?’
They stood back to admire their handiwork.
‘You look pretty. Are you ready to meet the people who live here?’
Closa would do anything for Doella. ‘Yes,’ she agreed and took tight hold of Doella’s hand as she led her out of the room.

Carnos smiled at Doella as they walked into the mess. Well? she asked, I said it wouldn’t be difficult.
You were right, and I was wrong; she looks different.
What do you think, Sark?
Leave me out of this, he said, but he smiled.
I had to make her more appealing and womanly. I’m asking these men to risk everything for these women. It’s not the same as rescuing miners or innocent boys, but females are another matter. They need to see Closa is not a Ca. And if cosmetics help, what’s wrong with that?
Core is right, you have Earth sickness! Said the long-suffering Carnos.

Dolar looked after Closa while this silent conversation was going on and trying to distract her with more food.  Closa was far too nervous to eat, so Dolar took her back to her room and left her to rest there, before joining Doella.
‘We will leave her to rest and try tomorrow when she knows we mean her no harm.’
Next day Doella insisted Closa go with her to the control room. Although she was still confused and frightened, she was more afraid of displeasing her rescuer than meeting the Ca men. As usual, Sark was kind and tried to relax her. She responded to his question when he asked how she felt.

Brot, the Hyclos who registered disgust when he first saw her, regained his self-control. He smiled at the girl when Doella introduced them. In his mind, Doella asked. Well, Brot, what do you think now?
Yes, I agree with you, she’s nothing like a Ca. She is almost as pretty as Rucella. She appears gentle too.
She is.
What about her telepathic power? asked Brot, She can’t hear us talking, can she?
Not yet; she has the same capabilities as any other Hyclos. But she’ll need time to learn how to use them, that’s where you come in; you will be her mentor.
No Doella, I’m no diplomat as you well know. Sark would be a much better choice.
Sark is far too busy. She needs a basic education like the one you received not long ago. Oh, and if she shows any interest in sex, be gentle with her. It’s a shame you are inexperienced too. Brot looked shocked and then hopeful. No, she laughed aloud. Ask Sark if you need any help. He protested again.  It serves you right. She gave him one of her wondrous smiles. Brot couldn’t help himself; he smiled back and nodded his agreement.
Doella left her latest experiment to flourish and called a select meeting for the Hyclos captains in her quarters.
‘As you keep telling me, we need to hurry, so we will get those miners out as soon as possible and on their way to Astras. When they are far away enough for safety, we’ll hit the breeding facilities and get the Te out at the same time. I’m still completing the details on how to do this with minimal loss of life.’
Sark brought up a question. ‘Doella, we haven’t discovered how to produce the crystals. We need them to help the new Astrans to adjust.’
‘I know Sark, I didn’t find information in their data banks. We can function without them, but I agree we need something to keep us healthy and long-lived. It might be possible to use a Varan-style bracelet instead. Although it will take time to create them from scratch. We’ll have to source the components, and if we need to return to Varan space, we will. But first, concentrate on the miners. The boys and the Te.’ Doella radiated such confidence the Hyclos were convinced they’d succeed.
‘I for one will be glad to get back to Astras,’ said Hran.
‘I know my daughter is due to have the baby soon.’ Doella smiled at her son-in-law.
The captains returned to their ships to prepare for the rescue mission. Those left sat together. They knew Doella well, but were not confident of success in every undertaking.

Core broke the silence. ‘I’ve always supported and believed you could do what you said, but isn’t this too much even for you?’
‘No, Core, I will succeed. The miners are the easier problem, and I still have work to do on the rest of the plan, but I’ll find a way.’
He nodded.

Chapter 26
They hit the other mines the same way as before, and added the Sandosh guards to the ranks of prisoners, keeping them separate from the women. Six of the captured Hyclos ships travelled back to Astras filled with the rescued miners.
Core piloted the Rosarian ship, and Doella came in to talk to him. ‘I’m still not sure what to do on New Hyclo, Core. If we hit one facility at a time, they’ll kill the others. I can’t work out how to do it simultaneously.’
‘And you can’t achieve everything without a fight, Doella.’
‘How many men do we have after the ships left for Astras?’
‘I allocated four experienced men per ship, which leaves eighty.’
‘I hope that’s enough; there are eight breeding facilities and four Te compounds.’
Both were silent.
‘I still think we need to frighten and confuse them Core.’
He nodded. ‘You mentioned a sound weapon. Can it achieve that?’
‘Yes, but I can’t work out how to get the sound everywhere at once. Not unless I post satellites on the other side of the planet, and that might give the game away. We have Wylane and Dolar too, and they are itching for a fight.’
‘We are making progress, Doella.’
‘Are we?’ she sniffed. ‘It won’t work unless we make sacrifices, but who? The Te, or the boys? I can’t make the decision, Core.’
Core reached for her hand. ‘Please don’t cry; we’ll find a solution. Right now, you need sleep. All you do is pace or examine data. I sense you find it hard to focus.’
‘Yes, I am. I know we can do this, but I’m unable to work it out. Thank you, Core, I’ll relax.’

Her mind was no clearer when she woke up, so she joined Sark and Carnos in the mess room.
‘Core told us what you reviewed earlier; your plans are nearing completion.’ Sark smiled and got up to get her a coffee.
She shook her head. ‘I can’t complete them. It’s as if a piece of the puzzle were missing…’
‘Let’s go through what you and Core discussed and see if we can find it,’ suggested Carnos.

Doella sounded listless as she went over what she had devised. ‘First, we make a fool proof hologram of an enormous, alien, black ship to frighten them. Then we need to use the Hyclos ships to distribute the sounds over the world, using them in various ways to disorientate them. That’s fine, but then it gets difficult as we may not have enough ships for fighting and retrieving at the same time, plus the shuttles we have are too slow. But the real problem is I’ve lost belief in myself,’ she admitted, her eyes wild.
‘Not now, Doella!’ Sark looked worried.
‘I’ve found something which may help,’ suggested Carnos, hoping to bolster her confidence. ‘The energy grids and data points for the entire planet are controlled from one position deep underground. It’s not the wisest engineering; we might disable the planetary weapons and block the power supply to everything else.’
‘That’s wonderful, Carnos - it will help,’ said Doella, smiling. ‘If only I could transport large numbers of people from planet to ship and vice-versa.’
‘Have you tried?’ asked Sark.
‘No, but if I don’t believe it’s possible, then it isn’t. There must be another way.’
‘Wylane and Dolar?’ suggested Carnos.
‘I need them elsewhere. Perhaps you are right and we may have to use them for that instead, which means I’ll have to change other plans.’

Doella took her coffee back to her quarters, and Wylane followed her. Sark and Carnos felt their passion as they worked in the laboratory.
Carnos said. ‘Terrifying.’ Sark frowned at him. ‘Why doesn’t she use her blue fire on New Hyclo?’
‘You know the answer’ he replied. ‘These days, when she is a dragon, she is a dragon - not a pretend one. Which means she has real dragon feelings and little control if she gets angry. She’d have trouble remembering she was Varan and find it hard to differentiate between friend and foe. Why else send Wylane and Dolar a long way from the compounds and facilities? It’s in case they forget too; Doella knows. Afterwards, unlike her children, Doella feels remorse for what she had done.’
‘If anyone else had the power she has, the entire universe would be in danger,’ Carnos mused.
‘Yes, I agree with you. She has a kind, nurturing heart and usually, she is happy with herself - and with us. She doesn’t want to be worshipped as a god, or admired for being what she is; she hates it.’
‘And for that, all existence should be grateful.’
The plans neared completion. They decided sixty men wearing ear protectors were to go in bubbles to the facilities and compounds. If Doella disabled the main power grid, it’d give them the element of surprise. Preventing some Ca weapons, they’d stand a better chance. Although everyone realised there’d be casualties. The remaining Hyclos ships to broadcast the sonic weapon over as much of the planet as possible. The timing of everything must be perfect if they were to succeed. They’d place small transporters on the boy’s capsules to get them aboard the ships and use larger shuttles to bring up the Te.
Doella was uneasy, but the plan was the best so far. Although they’d a good chance of saving many of the boys and Te, she was concerned people she loved might die. She tried to put it out of her mind. Carnos was to pilot this ship, he’d be safe, but Core commanded a ship to pick up the Te, and Sark, Parsos, Haris and Hran were going on the raids.

Haris was to spend the night with Doella. When he couldn’t find her, he searched for her signature. He sensed nothing, so he mind-called Wylane to help. He told Haris she was not on board, or anywhere he could sense. Everyone congregated in her quarters.
‘She isn’t here,’ said Haris in a panic, ‘even Wylane can’t discern where she has gone or when she left.’
‘Perhaps it’s the Rosarians,’ suggested Sark.
‘So far away?’ Parsos was not convinced.
‘It might be; we don’t know what they are capable of.’ Carnos had hope.
It wasn’t the Rosarians. She was on a strange, dark planet, or maybe it was night, and she didn’t recognise the star systems. It was cold, and she tried to pull her thin gown together, her enhancers weren’t working. It was raining, and the moisture was soft and chill on her skin. She saw a line of mountains in the distance, and watched, as the sky behind them grew lighter. Dawn was coming. Soon the sky was pale yellow, and then the sun rose. It bathed the planet in colour and all around was a blue-green tapestry of foliage. As the sunlight touched the plants, a carpet of shimmering white flowers bloomed for a moment, and then closed their furled petals again. It was beautiful. The sun warmed her and the rain stopped.

She called out. ‘Where am I? Who are you? Show yourselves.’ There was no reply. She sat among the plants, unsure what to do. The sun was now up and she headed for the peaks. She took a step, and the scenery flashed by - travelling at a fantastic rate, even though it was her normal walk, and she was over the mountains in seconds. Doella stopped, disconcerted, and stood on another plain; similar to the first, but here it appeared as a garden instead of wilderness. The flowers were different colours, and they opened and closed their petals continuously. It was a musical symphony. Doella sensed the music, not through her ears but her body. She lay in the blossoms, closed her eyes, and listened to the melody, which could not be heard, enjoying the warmth. She opened her gown and slipped it off her shoulders.
A shadow blocked out the sun for a moment, but when she opened her eyes, there was nothing there.
‘Doella.’
She heard a soft voice behind her. It was a man. He looked like a Varan, but his long hair was very dark. There were Hyclos and Litza in his shape too. His pale body was muscular, similar to Sark’s and his eyes slanted and full of shifting colours. He wore a sleeveless suit like a Varan work-suit without sleeves. He held out his hand to raise her to her feet, it was warm - he was real, not a projection.
‘Who are you?’ she asked.
‘It does not matter.’ His voice was the music of the flowers. She wanted to lie down and beg him to make love to her, but the moment faded, and she was ashamed of her sudden lust for a stranger.
‘Doella,’ he said again. She moaned and made a move to touch him. ‘There are other things to attend to,’ He sensed her desire but ignored it. ‘Come with me.’
Still holding hands, they strolled through the scenery, which flashed by them. They stopped and went at a normal pace towards a long, primitive-looking house formed of stone.
They walked inside; it was cool after the bright sunlight. There stood a table and two chairs, which appeared to be composed of glass.
Sit. This time he didn’t talk aloud. She heard him in her mind.
‘Speak again,’ she pleaded.
‘Doella.’
She moaned. ‘Why will you not take me?’
‘Your lusts are part of your strength,’ he stated matter-of-factly.
‘Please,’ she begged again and sat on the floor instead of the chair; too weak to stand.
He was naked now, and he knelt in front of her. She pulled her dress apart and opened her legs. He looked puzzled. As if unsure, he touched her between her legs with his fingers. She was wet - surprised he removed his hand, staring at it in his bewildered way.
‘Please,’ Doella begged.
He had an erection. Then he disappeared, and Doella was back on the ship.

Realising she’d lost him, Doella wept. Her family rushed into her room.
‘Grandmother, what’s happened?’ asked Dolar
Doella showed them what had occurred. Dolar put her arms around her.
‘What is wrong with me? I must have him or I’ll go mad.’
‘None of her enhancers work,’ Wylane pointed out, ‘her Feye crystals are inert.’
‘You must have more,’ said Carnos, his voice tight; ‘it was a dream not reality. Who was he?’
‘You saw everything I did. I don’t know who he is; did you notice he looked similar to both your races, even the Litza,’ Dolar remarked.
‘Why has he made Doella so crazy with lust and then sent her back?’ said Haris, jealous, as always, ‘it makes no sense.’
‘Doesn’t it?’ said Dolar. ‘He has a Feye crystal too; you must have seen it.’

Chapter 27
Dolar stayed with Doella while she rested, making the others leave. The long-awaited plans to rescue the Te and the boys would have to wait until Doella recovered. It frustrated everyone.
When she woke up, Dolar called for Sark. ‘She’s calmer now, but still listless. You always help when she’s upset.’ She left them alone.

Doella was curled up in a foetal position and didn’t look at him. He pulled a chair to the bed, held her hand, and stroked her hair. ‘Doella, we are worried.’
‘Oh Sark, what has happened?’ Her tone was weak. ‘I’ve no power, even my bracelet is inert. Why has he done this to me?’
‘I don’t know. You are a woman of lust, but what we sensed in your mind was different.’
‘It was his voice,’ she said. ‘As if it reached into every cell in my body and,’ she pointed between her legs, ‘as if I were vibrating to the sound. It was beautiful, but terrible too. I had to have him, to take away the pleasure, not give me more. As if everything operated in reverse. Even now I can hear his sounds in my mind, and I want him.’ She was distressed. ‘I can’t deal with it; I’m not in command. Sark, do you think he will come back for me?’
He could not answer her. He got Doella into her bath, but it didn’t help. She fell asleep after he had persuaded her to eat and drink. But she got no rest, her body spasmed, and she moaned in her sleep.
Haris came to give the anguished Sark a break.

Sark looked for Core and Carnos.
‘What is wrong with her?’
‘Is it a test?’ suggested Carnos.
‘Perhaps, but if they are an old originator race, then sex is an odd weapon to use.’
‘On Varan we are still happy to make love.’ Carnos was angry.
‘Even if the Hyclos are not?’ finished Sark sharply.
‘You said it, dear friend, not I.’
‘No, you are right. I too think we are dealing with an originator race far older than the Rosarians or the Litza. This cycle of creation they involve us in is ever constant - as you say, sex is important to most races.’

Core walked in and added, ‘If it’s not the Rosarians who manipulate Doella, I want to know who is?’
‘Why, when we are to start our plan to save the Hyclos race, has this individual removed all hope? I don’t understand,’ said Sark.
‘I may be selfish, but I want my Doella as she was - not only for your people but for me.’ Carnos was frustrated.
‘Give it time,’ said Core. ‘Doella always recovers and returns stronger; we must wait. I’m sure everything will work out.’
‘When even her bracelet isn’t working?’ Carnos sat, tired. ‘Yes, we must wait, but not for long I hope.’ He closed his eyes.
Doella was weak and sleepy for another three days. Parsos was with her; he sat near the bed and watched her face as she slept. She looked lovely with her hair spread out over the pillow. He sighed, wishing she’d let him make love to her; he believed one day she would. Sighing again, imagining her opening her eyes, turning to him and saying. “It’s been so long, Parsos. I am sorry I kept you waiting.”
‘I love you, Doella,’ he whispered.

Then he arrived, the man they’d seen in Doella’s memories. Parsos could only watch, unable to move. The intruder’s clothes melted away, and he ignored Parsos as if he wasn’t there. The man was aroused. Doella woke up and smiled, the way Parsos wanted her to smile at him. The thin sheet disappeared, and she floated up to join him. Their bodies grew hazy, and he saw through them. He heard Doella moaning, which set his own paralysed body aflame with passion. The being, now almost invisible, entered Doella and they vanished. Parsos came back to life and mind-called the others.

‘What’s happened?’ asked Wylane, arriving first as always.
Parsos didn’t reply until they were assembled. Then he ran the scene through his memory so they could see, being careful to leave out his thoughts.
Doella lay in the man’s arms. They were in a ship now, although he had taken her back to the planet and laid her in the blossoms while they made love. She felt renewed and refreshed, and full of energy. Her crystals and bracelet were working again. She’d fallen asleep in the late afternoon sun, the flowers opening and closing around her. The rhythm of the planet synchronised with their passion.

Then they were aboard the Black Ship of her dreams. It was dark inside, but well lit. They lay on a large, round bed covered with a cool silky material. Doella couldn’t sense any power source, but she realised the ship travelled at tremendous speed. Through the large windows, she saw entire systems flashing past in a blur, whirling sparks of colour. She knew the ship was going slow, it could go much faster. They were in actual space too, not interlamina. It excited her to move so fast, and not in the boring greyness between realities.
She smiled at him.
As if in answer to her thoughts, he said, ‘We have not needed to travel interlamina for a long time.’ He spoke aloud. Now his voice made her alive, not destroying her with pleasure as the first time.
‘Which questions should I ask first? There are so many,’ she asked.
He continued to hold her, and she sensed his joy in such a simple touch as if he had held no one before. ‘I have not,’ he answered her unspoken thought. ‘I have held no one, touched no one.’ He paused. ‘We call ourselves the Feye, and we gave you those blue crystals.’ She was about to speak but remained silent as he put his finger to her lips. ‘I am the only remaining corporeal member of my species. My blue crystal has helped me live for a long time, waiting for you to join us. They honoured me; a gift of this crystal is not given to our kind. There are others on this ship who supported me as I waited for you, and they will leave soon.’
‘Are they watching?’ asked Doella, uncomfortable.
‘Yes. I was not empty before I met you; I had the others. There are many planes of existence, and they are eager to reach the next. Now I realise how lonely I was. I have not touched another being for aeons.’ She didn’t speak but listened to his voice as her body vibrated with every soft word. ‘We are not the first race, but we are old; the oldest left in existence, except for one. All of you, apart from that race, are our children. He showed the other races she knew: Litza, Rosarian, Varan, Hyclos, and several more she didn’t recognise. Included were the Varan humans and other creations of their child races. You are all our children. We rarely present anyone with Feye crystals. Only someone who will use them as we desire. We understand what will happen and what you will do. My people exist in the future as well as in the past. After we correct this Hyclos wrong, we will not interfere again. Then it is up to you - no more help from us.’ She nodded, but the responsibility terrified her. ‘I will stay corporeal for a while, but one day we can no longer touch.’
‘How long will I live?’ she asked, hurt he’d soon leave her.
‘Doella, you are aware, you know the answers, and you have to ask yourself. You will outlive your lovers, even your dragon brood, and your children too, all sentient life. I am sorry.’ He paused, letting the words echo. ‘After you have changed Hyclo, I will visit and give you a Feye child to help. We need to leave something of ourselves here; we regret we looked for the further planes of existence so soon, instead of remaining in this one longer. There is a satisfaction to reality here, which can’t be found elsewhere. We have not had offspring for over a million years.’ The Feye sounded regretful. ‘The child will be male. You will take our son to your lover Coath, who will make him into a great warrior. He will believe the child to be his, and when this child becomes a man, we will give him the only remaining blue crystal. This child will have his destiny. I will not show you the future. I will say your relationship with your son will not be as the ones you have with your hominid children or even your dragons.’ He smiled. ‘Then we will disappear from this existence, leaving you the Black Ship. Its power is as great as your own. I will teach you how to use the crystals, Doella, and show the beginning of your capabilities - those you need for now - the rest will be up to you.’
‘Why was I chosen? I’m far from perfect,’ she acknowledged, ‘I lust, I connive to get my own way, especially were men are concerned, and then I don’t consider their feelings enough. I am deeply selfish.’

He smiled at her again as if she were a naughty but lovable child. ‘You were chosen because you are imperfect. You realise you are, and so react to change. You are a woman, chosen because you symbolise love and nurturing. You are not a great warrior who enforces his will on others. People believe in you for what you are, and no force is involved. You love and need to be loved in return. Your genes will be widely sown, affecting many races. The next time we touch, I will show you more.’
‘But I can’t be the person you need me to be. I’m flawed. I loved Wylar and by doing so, I killed those unborn wild dragons. Then had his offspring, kept my other lovers, and had their children too. I’ve broken many laws, and I will continue to do so. Why me? Please explain. There must be others worthier than I.’
‘Those laws, as perceived by your Varan race and others like them, are not the basic laws of nature. You hold yourself away from the laws of your race and listen to the rhythms of natural law, and the surrounding sounds so many cannot hear. Nature is far greater than your people imagine. You are an anthropologist, and you understand. How many things should you have reported to the Varan authorities, and did not? Doella, you will break many more perceived laws.’
She understood now and raised her fingers to his lips. ‘Love me again, before you send me back.’

Afterwards, he put his hand to her head Varan fashion. She sensed a surge of power enter her mind, and he disappeared. She was alone in the Black Ship, the other Feye had gone with him. This was the vessel of her dreams. She understood how to take it back to her friends, and as soon as the thought occurred to her, it was done, and she was beside the white vessel.

Chapter 28
The Black Ship was many times bigger than her beautiful Rosarian vessel.
Doella mind-called everyone to meet her in the white ship’s bridge room, and she willed herself there. She didn’t answer the questions thrown at her. ‘You’ll understand as you need to, as I will,’ she said, ‘I must rest for a while so I can ponder what I’ve been told.’
They understood she’d returned more powerful than before, and although they were curious, they respected her wishes and let her go without further questioning.

Alone in the peace of her rooms on the white ship, she ran a bath. Slipped into the soothing warm water and tried to remember all she had learned in the brief moment when the Feye had held her head. She understood the power of her two blue crystals. She was reluctant to push too hard, so she gently probed. She was apprehensive at the potential of her powers; what if she became angry and could not control her emotions? Searching deeper and less hesitantly, she found the information she sought. It diminished the confusion as her brain sorted the data into order. Some she filed away, as needed later; others she buried without attempting to understand it. Doella sensed a constant knot of fear as the realisation of her capabilities grew. Frightened, she retrieved what she looked for, and left the rest for another time.

Feeling more like her old self, she walked into the mess area to get coffee before she called a meeting. The room was empty, apart from Haris and Hath, who were in deep conversation with one of the Hyclos from Plesson.
‘Doella, I’ve been so worried,’ said Hath, jumping up and kissing her. ‘Are you alright?’ He pulled out a chair for her and ordered her coffee from the replicator. ‘What happened?’
Doella put her hands around the incongruous bright yellow mug. It gave her a jolt of memory from her way of life on Earth. ‘Well, I won’t say I’ve gained all the knowledge I’ll need for the rest of my life.’ Those words upset her, and tears rolled down her cheeks. She drank coffee. Then added in a stronger voice, ‘Now I’ve got the data, we must press on to New Hyclo.’
‘Who is he?’ asked Haris
Doella realised he concealed his jealousy and smiled at him. ‘He is a Feye, and the last of his race. I never asked his name, but he admitted to being my “puppeteer”.’
‘Everyone is curious, Doella,’ said the miner, Bles.
‘Yes, we’ll have a meeting and I’ll satisfy your curiosity.’ She refilled her mug and took it with her to the control room. Sark was there, and she sat next to him and reached for his hand, her smile sad, as they waited for the others to arrive.

‘I know where the white crystals are. They aren’t manufactured but occur naturally, created in a sun, aeons ago. They aid Hyclos and Varan physiologies because our bodies vibrate at a compatible rate to their signatures. There is no mystery to their construction; we cut them using a sonic instrument. It’s very easy, unlike our Varan bracelets, constructed from various minerals, and micro-circuitry. These are simple in comparison. The Ca can’t find them. They killed your priests, expecting the information was in data, but it isn’t. The knowledge was passed on by word of mouth only.’

The team assembled for the meeting and heard what Doella had to say.
‘So that was why they removed, instead of just deactivating them. They wanted to reuse them,’ said Bles.
‘Yes, but they can’t be.’
‘They used wide-band dampeners when they rounded us up. We didn’t guess what was happening until it was too late. We thought it was a case of politics gone mad, and it’d soon be over after the usual discussions had taken place. We didn’t understand Papoe was crazy, and killing us,’ he answered, his voice unsteady, ‘I still can’t understand why we didn’t see it.’
‘Bles, if something similar was to happen on Varan, I wouldn’t believe it either.’
Bles looked at her. ‘Thanks to one renegade Varan woman, they’ve given us our lives and honour back. Ironic, isn’t it?’
‘You are being polite, Bles. My race must consider me mad too,’ Doella replied. In her mind, she heard a faint echo, against the laws of nature, before it died away. ‘I’m sorry I have caused you so much distress,’ she apologised. ‘I’m ready and more able than I was. We will attack New Hyclo soon and succeed.’

Carnos asked what everyone thought. ‘Doella, the Black Ship makes us nervous; even the Rosarian scanners can’t see inside it.’
‘It’s my ship. I’ll teach you how to use it, as I did with this one. I’m still processing data and must spend more time over there. We will start the attack on New Hyclo soon. If your preparations are ready, I suggest you rest before we strike.’ She smiled and vanished.
Everyone sat in silence, wondering how much Doella had changed.
She returned the next day, more her old self. The self-absorbed stranger was gone. She was brisk and to the point. ‘Are the captured Ca organised Core?’
‘They are fast asleep in the hold of Hran’s ship,’ he replied. ‘I’m intrigued by how you intend to move so many to the surface at once.’
‘In the same way, I’ll move you there, and retrieve the boys and the Te.’
‘Even Dolar and I are incapable of doing that, Doella,’ said Wylane with his usual smile.
‘Once I’d have believed you…’
Wylane laughed. Core looked at him, and then at Doella. ‘If you can help more than you do, Wylane, why not tell us? Piloting this ship, for example. You didn’t mention it until you and Dolar took over one day.’ It ruffled Core.

Wylane raised an eyebrow, and glanced at Doella as if to say, “tell them”.
‘It is not the dragon way to show others. Strange how I understand you so much better than I did.’
‘You always understood, but you didn’t look for the knowledge,’ replied Wylane.
‘No Wylane, I was a dragon, now I am more.’
Wylane nodded, his smile wider. ‘You have woken from your sleep.’
‘Almost. I am keeping the best for later.’
‘Will you two stop talking in riddles,’ said Core in exasperation.
Doella turned to the others. ‘Would you like a trip over to the Black Ship? It’s very interesting.’

As usual, Core was too busy, but the rest of her friends, and most Hyclos, accepted her invitation. Next moment they were in a huge, empty room with black walls, ceiling, and floor, but it was well lit. Chairs and tables were dotted around, hovering above the ground until put to use, which fascinated Haris. There was a large window on one side of the wall, and it looked as if there was nothing between them and open space. Most of them found this disturbing.
‘This is the equivalent of our bridge or control room,’ said Doella.
‘Where are the controls?’ asked Carnos, stepping closer to the window and looking out.
‘There are none. I communicate directly with the vessel. It’s similar to our Rosarian ship but more advanced. There’s no need for holographs or data points to fix our attention. It shows us in our minds. I will demonstrate it.’ She asked the ship to show them Core in the white ship. I know everything the white ship is capable of, and it has been reset.’
‘This data must be stored somewhere,’ mused Sark. He was as excited as Doella in his quiet, Hyclos way. ‘Whoever wishes to access the data would need to be an able telepath.’
‘Yes, but no matter how hard you look you will never locate it.’
‘Because it is everywhere,’ said Wylane.
‘Yes, like a…’ Doella started.
Sark finished. ‘… God.’
‘Only if you are primitive,’ said Doella, looking at Sark as if his choice of word surprised her. ‘A strange way to describe it, Sark.’
‘I didn’t mean it in the sense you thought,’ he replied, worried by her sudden change of mood.
‘I’m sorry, Sark. You “hit a nerve” as they say on Earth.’
‘Is it sentient?’ asked Haris. He wondered who’d given Doella this ship and why? What had altered? Even he, who had never been as good at understanding her as the others, realised she’d changed.
‘Yes, Haris,’ she replied, ignoring his deeper questions, ‘but not as we are. I have introduced you - now it knows you and will do as you ask. Try it; ask it for something.’
A table moved in front of Haris’ chair and a mug of beer appeared. Haris laughed and drank the liquid. ‘It’s excellent; thank you, ship.’
‘You have to think what you want,’ said Doella, trying to explain the ship’s basic functions. ‘But it won’t do as you ask if it considers your request harmful. But if you shiver, it will adjust the temperature. As for food and drink, as you saw, it can even perceive what you’d like before you know yourself. Right, Haris?’
‘I haven’t had a beer this good for years, it tastes just like…’ He paused, remembering a time long ago, before Doella. He finished his drink, and the mug vanished.
‘It is your ship now, but I sense it was occupied by a signature I don’t recognise.’ Dolar sniffed the air as if trying to analyse a scent. ‘Where have those beings moved, Doella? Where is your Feye?’
A picture of a planet filled with flowers flashed into her mind. ‘They’ve gone home,’ she said. 
‘It’s amazing,’ said Haris as a dish of his favourite honey cakes appeared. ‘I thought the other ship was good, but this is incredible. Here Carnos, try one.’
But he shook his head. It irritated him. 

None of this changes how I feel about you or the others, Carnos, she said.
I don’t believe it Doella, and neither do you. You are different; even Haris knows it. Your mind is vast. Before, I could sense it had limits, even if I didn’t understand what they were. Your emotions - whatever we call them… what are they now?
At first, my feelings were so intense they were painful. I loved you before, and I love you more now. Feel inside again, please. But he refused. Every time she became greater, it was as if he had lost more of his Varan. He turned away and sat next to Haris.
‘We haven’t time to look around, but after we’ve finished on New Hyclo, I’ll show you over it. There are spacious crew quarters, the holds can contain fleets of ships, storage everywhere…’ she finished.
‘So if this vessel knows everything before we do, it must understand our plans?’ Hath asked.
‘Yes, and no further communication is needed. If it perceives the ideas need adjustment, it takes the necessary actions. It knows our plans and can act on them instantly.’
‘This ship is ancient Doella,’ said Wylane, ‘although it looks as if only built weeks ago.’
‘Well, Wylane, you asked it, and it told you it was many millions of years old. I believe it gave you the correct answer to the exact moment it became “sentient”.’ They both laughed. ‘This was the last ship the Feye built…’ Her mind buried something for later. ‘They didn’t need it, but a few clung to their ways and their corporeal bodies. The Feye, who you saw Parsos, is the only one left with a physical form. He lives on the planet I showed you earlier. If he wishes, he can transform into focused energy and travel through space, time or any other dimensions through the power of his mind. A few non-corporeal Feye stay with him, so although never lonely, he missed touching other creatures of flesh and blood…’ she turned to look out of the window.

Everyone was uncomfortable until Hath said, ‘Perhaps we should get him a cat, as you had.’
Even Doella smiled.

Chapter 29
Back on the white ship, everyone readied for what they must do. They had confidence in Doella again, for they realised the renewed strength and determination inside her, and understood it meant success.
First, Dolar and Wylane to attack the small city, Cros. ‘Let the Ca get underground before you destroy the metropolis. Use the Varan part of you to control your dragon urges,’ Doella explained.

They glided slowly so many saw them. Doella landed the Ca hostages in the city’s park and restored their senses. As they rose to their feet, the early signs of panic started; then the Ca populace heard a call from the municipality’s command: “The dragons are coming!” before Doella cut off the power. The lights went out, and everything stopped. To add to the terror, Doella activated the sound weapon, and their fear escalated. Their crystals lost energy, and like frightened rabbits, they headed for the underground entrances, shoving each other in their panic to get to safety.
Wylane and Dolar strove to keep their Varan sanity as they burned Cros to the ground and then moved onto the next city. There was chaos everywhere.

Doella simultaneously landed the designated men at the breeding facilities. They were ready, expecting her to do so, but for many not used to Doella’s ways, it was strange a small Varan woman could this. They recovered their sense of purpose as they looked around and established an alternate power supply before the boys died.
Haris and Parsos were in a team. Haris felt nauseous, he’d not seen technology used in such a way. The Ca’s weapons were inoperative. Haris and Parsos didn’t hesitate, they fired. More Ca came, and they shot them too. Ever compassionate, Doella insisted on high stun only. For a moment, Haris was tempted to disobey her, but he had the strength to resist the impulse. Doella lifted the rows of capsules to the waiting Hyclos ships.
She was elated and then heard a cautionary voice. Remember, emotion can affect the outcome. It was the Black Ship. Doella took a deep breath and thanked her new friend.

Most of the Ca headed underground to safety, but Doella received a mind-call from a Te compound. It was Core. Doella, we are in the compound, but the Te are too terrified to move and we can’t assemble them so you can transport them. They are panicking and running outside, and those Ca bitches are beating them to death.
Without thought from Doella, the Feye ship sent sounds to soothe the Te, and they too were safely on board the waiting ships. It was almost over, and Doella’s friends were safe.
It went perfectly Doella, called Core from the white ship. You did it!
It’s not finished, Core. Get our vessels out of here and headed for Astras, leave Bles in charge of the Rosarian ship. I need you here.

Core joined the others on the Black Ship, and he looked around in wonder. Wylane and Dolar appeared as in their real forms and had room to stretch their wings. They were terrifying in such proximity, and realising this they reverted to their familiar hominid forms.
Wylane stood next to Doella as she watched what happened on the planet. ‘Why wait, just kill them,’ he said.
‘It’s tempting, Wylane, but I mustn’t. But, they will suffer for their crimes.’ As the ship turned around the world, she sent energy waves to destroy the cities Dolar and Wylane hadn’t burnt. And what remained of the terrible breeding facilities. But Doella still had more to do. She closed her eyes. Only Wylane and Dolar realised she moved New Hyclo away from the sun.

‘Mother, what power is this?’ asked amazed Wylane, ‘It’d take many dragons…’
‘I’m moving them into a different orbit.’ Her tone sounded dreamy. ‘It will be freezing. They’ll have to stay underground to survive. No more innocents to die. And now, to finish …’
Her voice was strong again. There was another burst of energy, and she disconnected the crystals from the Ca’s neurological systems, rendering them inert. Then Doella destroyed the power sources so they couldn't be renewed.
They watched in silence as it snowed on the planet. The snow changed to ice as the atmosphere became too cold for any more white flakes, and it grew darker. Soon no one could survive on the surface without protective clothing.

It was finished. The Black Ship was silent. Doella turned to her son, and Wylane took her in his arms and held her close. ‘Mother, it’s finished.’
‘It will never be over, Wylane; not for me.’
Now the hard work began. Ten of the boys died during transit. They needed delicate surgery to remove them from their capsules. Their poor minds were unformed, having received no stimuli since birth, and it’d take time and patience to assimilate them into the colonist society. The ones they released manifested violence, and they decided it might be wiser to leave the rest until they returned to Astras.
The Te fared better. Closa helped calm them. Her natural intelligence, together with Brot’s patient teaching, brought her a long way from the day Doella saved her. She understood how important the Te were to Astras’ future. The other Te did too, as Closa and Brot wasted no time in starting their education.
The ships made the journey to Astras. Bles piloted the white ship, although now it needed little guidance. Every day he thanked Doella for his life. As all on Astras, he loved her as a mother-saviour figure, even though he realised she’d be displeased, he revered her.

Doella’s Black Ship moved back and forth, ensuring the other vessels were safe. As soon as they were sure no Hyclos ships followed, she returned to New Hyclo. The planet below looked dead, its surface covered with ice.
‘Why, Doella?’ asked Core.
‘What could I do, leave them to threaten Astras? They obliterated the indigenous flora and fauna. Now they are sterile and cannot spread their ideology. They are no match for our colony. We are safe. They will diminish as we flourish. What should I have done, Core, kill them as Wylane suggested?’
‘No,’ he whispered, ‘but this is not our way either.’
‘Do you expect me to believe it Core, and you a Karish commander?’ Her normally soft voice was sharp. Core was silent.
Sark agreed to go with Doella to one of the underground facilities to see how the Ca coped. Afterwards, they’d start back for Astras. Doella felt his anguish. The Ca had limited power from portable heating units and enough food stores, but it was freezing.
‘We’ll leave them more heaters, Sark. Let’s find this Papoe creature and get out of here.’ Sark did not reply. ‘Are you alright?’
He sighed. ‘You’ve done an excellent job of destroying New Hyclo, Doella.’ He sounded flat. ‘It’ll take years to recover. We’ve taken their best ships too. Yes, I believe they’ll no longer be a threat to us, but this is depressing. How did we come to this?’
‘I have no answer, Sark, but we won’t forget what happened here. Let’s find this woman and go home.’
‘I see her, Doella.’

Papoe was sitting next to a small, portable energy source to keep warm. She was still autocratic, and Sark thought she looked crazier than he remembered. She ordered people around to get the power restored and everything working again. Most of the others realised this was impossible, but not Papoe.
She must be mad, said Doella. She doesn’t realise the major power sources are drained of energy. Their friends the Sandosh will expect payment for helping them in the future, but they have little left to barter. Doella giggled aloud. How ironic; I like the idea.
Doella, stop it. Sark found no humour in it.

Papoe heard the giggle and looked. ‘Who’s there?’ she asked, peering into the gloom.
Next moment, Doella and Sark were in a room on the Black Ship, empty except for a long narrow table where they now sat. They stared at Papoe standing at the opposite end.
‘Hello, Papoe,’ said a radiant Doella. Sark gripped the chair arms, trying to stay calm. Doella moved her hand as if it was a gesture of power, and the woman’s hood slid off. Papoe strode towards them. Her hair was blond and her eyes were the same colour as Parsos’, bright blue. She might have been lovely, if not for her hard, unyielding face.
‘Stop, Papoe,’ instructed Doella, a sweet but dangerous smile on her face. Papoe was angry and kept walking. Then the woman hit an invisible wall and collapsed onto the floor. ‘I warned you, Papoe.’
Papoe’s nose bled. She staunched it with her cloak and stood. ‘Sark,’ she said imperiously, ‘I left you a long way from here. Who is this Varan whore?’
‘My wife, Doella,’ he answered.
Papoe’s eyes were wild. ‘Why have you attacked us?’ she asked, ignoring Doella.

Doella spoke. ‘Papoe, you have broken laws, not just of nature, but every sane, sentient
being. I destroyed your world. I’ll leave you supplies, and no doubt the Sandosh will bring you more if you have something to trade.’ Doella smiled and returned the woman to the planet. 
‘There Sark, it’s done.’
‘Doella, am I dreaming this? Nothing is real anymore.’
‘I am Sark,’ she said and took him to the room she’d shared with the Feye and which was now hers.

Chapter 30
They did not return to Astras, but checked on the Ca ships still left in the vicinity. Doella neutralised their power sources and allowed the crews to escape in shuttles. She wouldn’t take chances with Astras’ safety, and the extra vessels were useful.

Throughout what should have been a pleasant and peaceful period, Doella was having trouble with her relationships. Except for those with her dragon children and Sark, who always accepted any changes in her with philosophical patience.  But the others were in awe of her and her Black Ship. Haris labelled it the fairy ship. She sensed their reluctance when she asked for their love - it was only for a moment, but she registered it and it hurt. She did what she could to prove to them she was still their Doella, and her inner self was unchanged.
Hath told her outright what the others thought. ‘Doella, you are scary!’
They sat together in the main room, the enormous proportions made them uneasy.
‘I will be glad to go home,’ said Core; then he realised what he’d said. ‘I suppose Astras is home now.’
Most nodded in agreement.
‘Doella, there’s one thing left to do,’ said Sark.
Hath groaned, ‘I need to get a planet under these,’ he declared, pointing at his feet.
‘We can have a long holiday when we finish Hath,’ said Doella.
Hath smiled; ‘I’ll come with you.’
‘What Sark means is we have to find the white crystals. There are several sources, but we’ll go to the furthest one, as it takes no longer in this ship. Later, you may need to locate the nearer ones on your own.’
‘What do you mean? Are you leaving us?’ asked Haris, looking for a reason to doubt Doella.
‘It’s just in case she has to leave for a long period,’ said Hath, jumping to Doella’s defence. He scowled at Haris, who always criticised Doella.
‘Doella is here one moment and gone the next,’ growled Haris, growing angrier.
‘Shut up, Haris,’ said Carnos.
‘Hath is right,’ Doella tried to explain, ‘I have no idea what they will call me to do. My life has not been my own for a long time. I don’t want to leave you, but I may have to sometimes.’
‘I am glad there are limits to your power,’ said Wylane cryptically.

The ship moved. ‘It won’t take us long,’ Doella smiled; ‘this vessel can travel from one point to another instantaneously. It’s called no-time; at least that’s what I call it since we don’t have a word to describe it.’ The ship’s powers astounded everyone. They hovered above a small planetoid. ‘I have transported large chunks of the raw material into a hold,’ explained Doella.

‘Can we see it?’ asked Sark. ‘But Doella, don’t “zap” me. Can’t I just walk there? Please, I’m believing I don’t need legs!’
‘Yes Doella, I agree with Sark, is there a physical route?’ said Parsos.
‘Yes, I’m sorry, I didn’t realise.’
‘Come on, Doella,’ urged Carnos, getting to his feet, ‘let’s have a stroll for a change. We’ve not seen the rest of the ship. As Sark says, you just “zap” us here and there, and I for one prefer more independence.’
‘Where is the door? I can’t even find it, much less open it,’ said Haris, calmer now. ‘I know it’s here somewhere?’ he pointed to the vast empty wall opposite the window.
Wylane laughed.

‘I’m sorry. I’ve been neglecting your education and your feelings. We’ll start your lessons now.’ Doella smiled. ‘Haris, there’s more than one exit; let the ship know where you wish to reach.’
‘I don’t know where I want to go, Doella.’
‘Attention everyone,’ she said. ‘We’ll start with this room. Haris, tell the ship you wish to walk to your cabin and a door will open.’ He did so. ‘See, it’s very easy; you just need to be more exact with your request.’
‘I thought this ship was clever,’ Haris mumbled.
‘It is,’ said Wylane. ‘it’s you who are not.’
‘It’s a matter of getting to understand each other. Your minds work differently than mine.  The ship will know what you want before you do. At present most of you are fighting it and not co-operating. This way,’ Doella said as another door opened. You can’t get lost.’
‘If it likes you,’ said Dolar mischievously, as she followed Haris along a long, black corridor, which lit up as they advanced.
By the time they arrived at Astras, they were “friends” with the ship, even Haris. The Rosarian ship was there, and the others were close.  They prepared to help with the Te and the boys. The rescued miners had arrived and willing helpers. The Black Ship hovered in the upper atmosphere above the town.
Haris was in a much better mood. ‘Don’t help me, Doella, I can do it myself,’ he said, and the next moment he stood in his house. He’d thought one word, “home”.
Doella sensed the Feye had come for her, and she remained. Only Wylane realised. His eyes narrowed for a moment, and Doella smiled. He smiled back and vanished. The Black Ship disappeared.

‘We will go home,’ the Feye said as he stood in front of her, clasping her hands and holding them to his chest. The next moment they walked hand in hand through the lovely carpet of flowers, which opened and closed to the rhythm of their breath.
She gripped his hand tighter. ‘I never asked your name.’
‘Vrash. It is the name you will give our son.’
They walked to the ever-changing house. The chairs and table, replaced by a bed, hung with billowing white curtains.
‘Let’s take our time, Vrash. Now it’s my turn to teach you.’
‘To touch you,’ he said.
Back on Astras, the last of the ships arrived. Integrating the boys and the Te was paramount. In Doella’s absence, Dolar took the Te under her wing. She and Rucella enjoyed dressing and redoing their hair. The Te were now accepted for what they were, intelligent women in their own right. More important than mere looks was their education, denied them for so long. As Doella hoped, Closa and Brot were to be married; they only waited for Doella’s return.

Sark and Row prepared the crystals. Cut into perfect, usable drops of pure diamond-white by a sonic method, which caused the smaller useable pieces to fall off the larger ones. They gave everyone without a crystal one, and after this, the Te made even faster progress. With the boys, it was nothing short of miraculous. Their starved minds opened up so they could now understand what they said to them. They manifested no more horror and violence when released from their capsules. The crystals gave peace and an understanding of sentience, which was all they needed to start them on their journey to individuality.
At last, Sark felt his true life start. It had been worth those years alone, otherwise, he’d never have met his beautiful Doella, and his race would head for extinction. The Hyclos had another chance, and this time they’d grow, not diminish.
Doella stayed with Vrash for several days; but when she returned, she found weeks had passed. Her family and friends visited as soon as they felt her return. She apologised she’d been elsewhere and said she’d stay until Brot and Closa married.
Hath stated what everyone knew. ‘So Doella, you are pregnant again.’
‘Yes, I am, Hath, and I’ll have to go away for a while. After that, everything will return to normal.’
‘Will it?’ asked Haris, sceptical as always.
‘Yes, for a while,’ she replied, and turned back to her brother. ‘After we see Brot and Closa married, are you ready for another holiday, Hath?’
Doella took Hath to her room in Coath’s palace. She mind-called her lover and used her powers to conceal her pregnancy. Coath’s telepathic abilities were basic, and he’d not hear the child stirring inside her. He entered, and raised his eyebrows when he saw her brother.
‘Hello, Coath,’ said Hath, ‘I enjoyed your hospitality so much last time, and I didn’t think you’d mind if I came back.’
Coath waved him away. Doella slipped off her gown and lay on the cushions, which served as her bed. She watched as Coath took off his sword.
‘Why do you carry a sword in the palace, my love? Only the guards wear them inside the building. What’s wrong?’
‘We are having trouble with our neighbours to the east, who have had several poor harvests. They are locked in on two sides, one side by the mountains and the other by a deep ravine. They can’t expand because on the other side lie the desert and this city. It is very simple; they want not only my good farmland but also my metropolis. My spies tell me they are preparing for war, so I’m expanding the army and building a higher wall around the city. Don’t worry, they won’t succeed.’
For a moment, Doella was afraid for her child and Coath. Then she remembered Vrash’s words and his confidence in this man who’d be a good father to their son. Coath smiled at her.
‘I’ve missed you; you have been away so long. I thought you wouldn’t return.’ He lay next to her and rubbed his hands over her as if to make sure she was real.
‘I am here now, Coath.’
‘My beautiful Doella, when you are not here, I wonder how a goddess could love a man such as me.’
It delighted Coath Doella was pregnant, as if he finally believed she loved him, but the speed of the baby’s development terrified him. He spent as much time as he could with her, but he was busy improving the city defences. She felt guilty deceiving him, but she allowed him to believe she was a goddess. One day she’d tell him the truth, but not yet.
‘I sense the fear you have for our child and me. Only now do I believe you love me.’ Coath said.

Doella held him close before he left for his duties. The sun rose, and it surprised her when Hath came in to have breakfast with her. They’d seen little of each other. Coath kept Doella to himself. Doella pulled her gown close. ‘Still having a good time?’ she asked as he sat next to her.
‘I love Dolar, but these women are different with their cool, soft bodies,’ he replied with a smile like her own. ‘When’s the baby due?’
‘Tomorrow. Coath insists on bringing in every doctor in the city for the birth. This is his first “official” child, hence the excitement. I’m now his wife, and they’ll recognise this baby as a prince. I’d prefer to have my maid, Sama, and Coath himself, although it’s not the custom for a male to be present. I’m winning; I told him a goddess doesn’t need mortal doctors.’
‘It will be his first son. He has two daughters by women in the harem, but these people don’t breed often.’
‘The Litza carefully arranged it, to offset their longer lives and limited resources.’
‘Always the anthropologist. Everyone believes I’m a god too, just because I am your brother, but I’m not comfortable with the notion, Doella.’
‘Neither am I,’ she rubbed her belly. ‘Hush little one, you will soon be with us.’
The baby arrived. Doella had her way, and only Coath and Sama were present at the birth. Hath was so used to seeing his sister having babies he thought nothing of it, but he paid his respects to the infant and the proud parents. The boy suckled at his mother’s breast, and Doella’s stomach returned to its normal size. Coath was pleased with his wife; almost forgetting she was a goddess.
‘He looks like you,’ Hath said to Coath.

The child grew fast, which Coath found disturbing. Doella warned him he would, admitting she had other children. His eyes narrowed, but he hadn’t protested. She told him the baby would quickly be a man, and after that, he’d develop normally. He allowed Doella to name him Vrash. She said it was in honour of another god, who’d be his godfather. Only Hath understood what she meant. The baby soon weaned, and Coath and Doella spent their time making love again. She was reluctant to leave her son, but she knew she must go soon.

It was Hath who said, ‘We’ve been here three months. I’m surprised no one has contacted us. I imagined Wylane and Dolar coming, terrifying everyone.’
‘For all Wylane’s possessiveness, he is wise,’ said Doella, missing him. ‘When Coath comes, I’ll say goodbye to him and my dear son.’
Hath knew his sister’s sadness. ‘By our standards, Coath is primitive, but you love him as much as you do Sark or Carnos, don’t you?’
‘Yes I do, and you know why - he gives me back my innocence if only for the time I’m with him.’
‘I understand Doella; I always have.’

Doella cried when she said goodbye to Coath, telling him she’d come soon. Hath came in holding Vrash’s hand. He was a solemn little boy, clutching tight to his uncle. Hath picked him up, handed him to Coath, and they vanished.
Back on Astras, everything was under control. The Te were falling in love, and most of the boys recovered. The settlement grew fast, and everyone was working hard. There was a sense of peace. Doella’s married daughters had children, and now with the Te, there was the promise of more.
Doella was proud of what they’d achieved, and of how well Rucella and Row managed the administration. Rucella was pregnant again and pleased to have her much-loved mother home. Although Doella loved all her children, she had a special relationship with Rucella. They talked of their families and the blossoming new Hyclos race.
Rucella saw her mother grew restless. ‘So mother, is everything too settled for you now?’ she asked one day.
Doella smiled but didn’t reply. She was happy to be back with Carnos and Sark and the others, and she visited Coath and her son regularly; but Rucella was right, she was unsettled.

She couldn’t hide her feelings from Sark or Dolar either.
Dolar said to her grandmother, ‘I am bored. Why don’t we go away in the Black Ship and take those friends who want to join us?’
‘Yes, Dolar. Find out who wants to come, and we’ll see where our wondrous vessel takes us. I’ll visit Coath and be back soon.’

The night before they left, Vrash came to her as she lay next to a sleeping Haris. The next moment they were walking among the flowers, listening to the rhythm of nature. They entered the house.
‘Dolar and I are going to explore the far places of our galaxy and beyond. Tell me of the other races and originators different from us, and we’ll look for them,’ Doella smiled.
‘But first, we touch,’ he said.
###

