I am Mindbender
A.D. Terrania/Edenia Series
By Beth Hoyer
Copyright Smashwords 2016

“I am Mindbender, The Assassin Lord, Tom Thunder.” as recorded was seen kneeled in front of the High Council.
The High Council is currently residing on planet Terra also known as Terrania but really known formerly as the Human’s Home world Earth. Tom kneeled in front of the High Council with the group wearing blood red robes that were busy in a discussion via their gloved black arms and hands waving in random gestures that weren’t sign language. Tom as he referred himself a clone of the original Tom left behind in planet Shadan soon after the High Council took the skies on the compelling orders of a compeller female dubbed Georgina Visser. She was a clone of the original Georgina Visser from planet Terrania. It’s recalled that the cloned copy of Georgina Visser was created to know what historical documentary was for the planet Earth including Terrania when Edenia the moon world orbited the planet. Tom heard a click sound including a sound of disgust to sense the minion of the Assassin Lord’s called Triton assassin of the water had appeared onto the transportation order of the High Council doing it to the Meritanians Walls and Kiddy. He didn’t need to look to sense that Pavel Pave Palin as Triton referred himself was disgusted being in the presence of the High Council. He waited for the High Council’s speaker clad in blue armored clothes and all blue eyes to raise his bald head and speak for the High Council.  Tom didn’t have long to wait. 
He found the Speaker raising his head and speaking in a monotone bored voice “Says Mindbender what do you have to say about the incident earlier hmm?”
Tom felt disgusted recalling the incident as compelled via Meritanian’s mind scanning involving him throwing a hissing screaming fit with the Berserker in control while in front of the High Council with the Meritanians heard snickering into his mind in response to his loud noises. Tom kept the glare as there was another click sound behind him followed by a cat’s meow heard making him nervous to hear. He recalled the meow sound belonged to Rana the medical doctor his planetary mate despite he declaring another as his via kissing method. He heard a soft Humph sound behind him despite his sensitive part aching to thrust into a familiar female he sensed was Rana behind him. Tom kept the bow and ignored the speaker’s question as he waited for Barry to show himself for compelling him to speak his answer. He didn’t have long to wait as Barry appeared in a light show clad in red hooded robes with hood covering the head that removed it showing a Human male with golden eyes that were in a glare aimed at him. Tom heard gibberish spoken from Barry followed by he compelled to speak.
“I’m upset that I wasn’t paired to Victoria despite paired to Rana.” He found himself speaking in his hypnotic voice tone.
Tom clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as Barry put the hood back over his head and then removed the hood while giving the High Council a glare. He ignored the glare Barry gave him as the male continued speaking gibberish language of a Compeller.
Tom found himself speaking “I haven’t gotten the faintest idea of what happened to the High Council after I started my screaming hissy four year old baby fit.”
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and got Barry in response speaking in Basic the High Council’s official language also dubbed English by the Humans of Terrania “The High Council group after you started screaming for a bit disappeared as in expired and a new group was formed in its place. You’ll be punished soon enough for that expiration of the group.”
Tom groaned softly hearing that while hearing Rana’s soft Humph behind him. He heard Pave as he wishes to call him self’s sound of disgust behind him. Tom didn’t say a word in response as Barry spoke his further gibberish found himself stripping himself of his clothes till he was clad only in his underwear garment of a bathing suit. Tom recalled that the High Council insisted on bathing suits be worn as underwear garments underneath clothes. He stood with his clothes off his form and waited as Barry spoke further gibberish which he found himself floating in the air landing into water that was warm and appeared to make him itchy all over. Tom found himself transported out of the water into the air despite itchy all over. This was followed by he caught by clawed hands that felt familiar to the Falcons via feel. He found the clawed hands’ owners belonged to two male Akylahs Human’s versions of bird people despite human like faces and no beaked face or mouth. He glared in annoyance as the Akylahs both males hauled him out of the city’s water fountain he landed into, he saw was some water fountain followed by hauling him into a building. He glimpsed the city as Atlanta in the nation of Rhineland that was formerly the Humans’ European’s continent nations of Germany, France and Switzerland to all jointly called Rhineland. He felt annoyance take hold as he was hauled into the building to the lobby of the Lancelot’s leader Kirstana Nemany a clone of the original Akylah leader of the nation of Americania that was formerly Canada another ocean away. 
He felt annoyance take hold as the Akylahs got him into the stairwell and hauled him down the stairs despite he thinking “Where are they taking me?”
Tom found his answer in response to find him taken to the brig where he was chained with arms above his head including whipped onto the back by someone unseen. He felt annoyed with the punishment of the High Council dumping him onto the annoyance god Lance Richard’s followers the Lancelot group to be whipped. 
Tom heard “Enough!” sounding in a female voice tone sounding of Lancelot’s followers’ hissing language of Americanian sounding.
He found the voice’s speaker was Kirstana Nemany herself who he noticed didn’t seem concerned to be in the presence of him as an assassin. Tom figured to himself that his dumping involved dumped into a sacred pool for the Lancelots in Rhineland hence the whipping. 
He formed a glare and waited as Kirstana added in hissing language “Meritanians dump this idiot where he belongs now since the High Council insists on this punishment!”
Tom exhaled a breath to find his wrists freed followed by folding his arms and giving Kirstana a glare as he was again dumped into stone floor he found himself again facing the High Council. He again bent into his kneeling pose despite wincing when his back whined in pain. He heard snickering like laughter from the two main Meritanians Walls and Kiddy and figured that they told a joke again. He found himself again dumped into Medical Bay where Rana was there slobbering kisses onto her kitty cat Pumpkin she calls him despite dumping the gonoid onto Triton at his Atlanta residence. He groaned from the feeling of intense fear while in presence of the cat. Tom cleared his throat loudly and got Rana thrusting the cat into a covered sling around her chest that the kitty thrust out paws in some playful mood. He groaned despite his sensitive part again felt like thrusting in presence of Rana who got up without a word and thrust a finger to a bed. He obeyed to lie onto the bed onto his side despite wincing from the pain of his back. 
Tom wound up thrust onto his back via Rana with force as she snarled “lie on your back and quit being a four year old whining in pain from the whipping!”
“So she knows what happened to Me.” he thought to himself as he obeyed.
Tom didn’t comment a response only grimaced in pain as Rana got the scanner followed by its laser traveling up and down his body. He grunted as the laser quit followed by Rana straddling him with sling holding cat gone from her. Exhaling a breath Tom didn’t say a word in response as Rana stripped him of the bathing suit it clung to his skin that was hairless of any hair on his body except for his eyebrows and head of hair. Tom grunted from that in pain and didn’t comment a response as Rana managed to adjust her clothes followed by he sighing loudly as he found himself entering the female doctor via sensitive part. Tom rolled his eyes in response to that mating method Rana did onto him to make him feel much better including forgetting his whipping. He found his mating with Rana gave him charges of pleasure and felt right with lots of warmth felt from the mating. Tom sighed once he felt hard enough to spill found Rana managed to get him out of her before he did the deed and got urged to do that method by her compelling him to. Tom obeyed despite Rana’s mouth felt covering his sensitive part to take in his seed. He sighed from the feel of Rana’s mouth that felt right covering his private including giving him pleasure. Tom sighed once he found himself much better and spent from the mating found Rana managed to thrust a towel over his head including her giving him a compelling order to sleep which he obeyed to pass out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling rumbling vibration of a cat sitting onto his front making him nervous which he nervously opened his eyes to find Pumpkin sitting on his front. The sitting he saw finding the towel gone from his face with the glaring lights of the medical bay overhead. He groaned and without a word gently picked up Pumpkin that purred into his arms and got up from the bed finding Rana no where in sight. Groaning he found Pumpkin squirmed into his grips which he placed onto the bed and found his bathing suit dried and sitting folded onto the desk. Tom put the bathing suit on and found Rana sleeping on the floor behind the desk looking like she was exhausted by the looks of it. He quietly let the medical bay despite hearing silence from Pumpkin who always gave him away when he snuck out of medical bay by his loud yowl sound. He sighed and took the route to the High Council’s throne room finding the blast doors shut and humming electricity coming from it. Groaning Tom went to his quarters a cave to hear sounds of moaning coming from there that sounded of Recorder and a male’s voice. He frowned as he peered into the doorway via curtain to find Recorder as known clone of Tamyara Chennikova and a male he assumed was Triton or Triton’s blind twin Paul Palin in the middle of a mating ritual. Groaning he left the quarters and went to medical bay as if needing to sleep and found an empty bed where the laser scanner was with the cat sitting on the pillow. The cat sat up and gave a soft mew seeing him which he laid down onto the bed and shut his eyes only to get water splashing onto his face. Tom grunted shaking sleepiness from his face to find Rana was again straddling him while holding a cup of waters from it she giving him a glare. 
He spoke “Morning or evening or whatever” with sarcasm.
Rana he eyed gave him a glare and got from her sounding annoyed as usual “It’s morning and you’ve slept enough so get up and get dressed. The High Council via kiddy plant wants your presence.”
Tom exhaled a breath and found Rana removed herself picking up the cat putting Pumpkin into her sling and giving him a glare with eyes golden. He ignored the golden eyed glare and without a word put on his jumpsuit of black molded to his form including his bathing suit underwear before that. He wound up putting on his slip on black shoes and found Rana thrusting a finger towards medical bay’s cave entrance. Sighing Tom obeyed to walk out to take the route to the High Council’s throne room finding the blast doors open for him to gain entrance. He went inside and kneeled in response to being in the group’s presence and waited for their orders. Tom didn’t have long to wait as there were multiple click sounds of Meritanians’ transportation indicated Recorder and Triton and Rana appeared. He ignored the three as he eyed the ground and waited for the High Council’s latest orders.
Tom didn’t say a word in response as he heard “Says what you saw in the mind of one Pave Palin when mating with him hmm, Recorder?”
Tom felt disgust take hold refrained from commenting as he glanced at Recorder who spoke sounding bored to him “Same old story that his mate is Tamyara Chennikova via mating methods and no I’m not her. The mating between us didn’t feel right at the moment instead felt-“
Tom heard Rana’s familiar comment “Enough of that talk!” interrupting Recorder.
He recalled himself mating with Victoria Montreal his mate he wanted as his only to realize from the mating there were metallic thrusting felt when he tried to enter her including his sensitive part deflated its sexual status when in represent of her. Tom eyed the High Council in response to recall after much work he finally got to thrust inside Victoria only to feel nothing much involving sexual means but hard and cold and no feeling down there when inside her which confused him. Tom eyed the Recorder who without another word in response to Rana’s interruption resumed typing via laptop computer he noticed her eyes were black with mouth into a thin line involving Victoria Montreal’s familiar typing a story look onto the laptop computer when she publicity went around as Veronica Thomas. Tom frowned but eyed the Recorder with annoyance through him to recall that the High Council didn’t like their official Recorder to type fiction stories in their presence. He shifted to eye the High Council to find the group was in a discussion including their Speaker’s head was up with a blank disgusted expression on the male’s face when eyeing whoever with his all blue eyes. He exhaled a breath and waited for the High Council’s latest orders to find himself transported to the lobby of Victoria’s building to his disgust. He found various Meritanian plants in the vicinity that compelled him to go to Triton’s one room apartment to ring the doorbell. He obeyed while waiting with annoyance running through him as Triton clad in a loincloth like bathing suit answered the door with a loud meow from Pumpkin getting onto his shoulder after streaking out of the apartment. 
Tom spoke “Clothes when answering the door!”
He found Triton in response looking down followed by slamming the door leaving him in the hallway with Pumpkin on his shoulder felt sniffing his ear of his short black haired head making him nervous. Tom stiffened as he felt his sensitive part indicated Rana’s presence again to find her off his left yanking the cat off of his shoulder followed by her giving off a sound of disapproval and ringing the doorbell. Tom waited while rubbing a hand over his eyes as Triton answered the door and allowed all three inside. He went inside to sit onto the futon Triton was using as his bed and hardly anything else in the one room apartment. 
He heard Rana speaking “I’ll be in your bathroom, Pave, amusing Pumpkin since my husband is still nervous of kitties.”
Groaning out loud he heard Rana walk away followed by her slamming the door to Triton’s private room with a bang sound. He removed his hand and eyed Triton who was clad in shorts covering his bathing suit underwear and nothing else that gave him a glare.
He frowned as Triton spoke “Husband? What happened to Victoria after all this fuss?”
Tom mentally spoke to himself despite mind scanned by a Meritanian plant he glimpsed sitting on the window still “You’re going to pay for that rude question.”
He got up and with a glare spoke towards Triton “Pave? What name is that anyway?”
He formed a glare while folding his arms and got from Triton in response “That name is short for Pavel which I’m known as Pavel Palin Junior in Oceana the oldest twin of two twin sons-“
Tom interrupted rudely “Yeah one son is Paul who’s sickly while you’re created to take his place as heir to the throne despite oldest sister taking it now.”
Tom found Pave he figured he’ll refer him instead of Triton name folding his arms and speaking “Something you here for this unannounced visit?”
Tom recalled fully via Meritanian plant what the visit was involved. 
He held up a hand and spoke “Tell me you can get out of my hand’s trap?”
He waited as Pave without a word took his hand he crunched the male’s hand and tried to get the male’s arm behind his back despite Pave blocking him with combative art moves.
Tom found Pave seemed knowledgeable on combative art moves involved getting out of traps for wrestling moves including both doing trapped statuses onto each other. Tom found the trapped status ended by a doorbell sounding loudly. Groaning he heard from Pave who went to answer the door after freeing himself from a trapped status. Tom grunted and got up swinging only to hear a sound of something familiar followed by holes forming onto the door of a gun bullet projectile gun. 
He darted and knocked Pave aside onto the floor despite feeling pain of a bullet into his knee as he yelled “Rana! Stay in the bathroom! It’s a gun firing going off I have nothing to do with!” 
Tom found Pave managed to get him off of him followed by hearing the door bang open as if kicked and kneeled with hands up despite wincing from his thigh felt bleeding. He glared at the masked male of an Assassin Lord’s minion while holding a gun that entered the apartment thrusting aside the long gun as if appearing to run out of bullets. 
He glared in response recalling the High Council’s verbal order “Your not to display your Berserker side to anyone we order you to do!”
Tom felt annoyance take hold as he glared at the gunman who thrust out a handgun appearing to aim it at Pave he noticed was lying on the ground with a hand onto his side appearing to leak blue blood from the looks of it. Tom glared in response as the assassin aimed his gun at him followed by the weapon going off. He found himself passing out unconscious in response.

Tom came to from an unconscious status of warmth to feel cold all over including a female’s compelling voice ordering him to do something. He shivered from the coldness hitting him obeyed to the voice ordering him to will forward his Berserker’s side which he obeyed despite questioning that order. Tom obeyed to the voice to find himself compelled to get his own body to thrust out the bullets inside him via holes made by the projectiles. He obeyed as if compelled followed by feeling his healing continue as he found a blanket covering his form with coldness stopped. Tom felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to via female’s voice tone including a loud meow sounding into his ear. He ignored the meowing of a cat he figured was it as the female’s voice speaking in a compeller’s gibberish kept on willing him to wake despite he urged to remain asleep. He realized with a start that the urges to sleep was a Meritanian doing it including the voice speaking compeller’s voice tones wasn’t Rana’s as his mind cleared of the fog. He found his Berserker side away from him via voiced tones. Tom obeyed and jerked open his eyes despite finding himself slumped over into a wheelchair and chained while hearing a whispering female’s voice sounding twin to Rana’s sounding into his ear. He exhaled a breath sitting up from the wheelchair to recognize the voice as Rana’s twin sister Reena speaking it but felt confusion hitting him to how Reena could be speaking to him despite she contained among the Lancelot natives. Tom frowned as he jerked open his eyes and focused onto the darkness surrounding his spotlight highlighting him to find nothing came to mind on seeing anything. He looked around as another spotlight shined followed by Pave he recognized chained to a wheelchair looking like he was asleep and healed of his medical ailments. Tom exhaled a breath and looked around waiting for anything as another spotlight shined glaring in view in front of him. Groaning softly he found the familiar assassin standing in the spotlight that thrust a handgun towards him but gave up a click sound. Tom frowned as the assassin pocketed the handgun followed by folding his arms indicating muscular like form. 
He glared in response as he heard “Identify you, Airhead!”
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that insult term Airhead for people who liked the same genders when it comes to mating.
He inhaled and spoke firmly “You must be mistaken. I’m not an airhead.”
He formed a glare as the voice sounding squeaky like a machine spoke “Not an airhead? Are you sure of that? You were seen cuddling this male like an airhead when the assassin of ours came into his residence.”
Tom spoke firmly “That was to save him from your assassin’s spraying bullets while trying to knock down the door.”
He formed a glare and waited as the voice spoke “You sure of that status involving not were being an airhead?”
Tom growled an annoyed sound and spoke with disapproval in his voice tone “Must you jump to conclusions to people doing things to save others from death from assassins?”
He glared and waited as the voice spoke again “I see you’re not an airhead as we thought but you must have seen Pave Palin as valuable to save him despite he’s nothing but a worthless Aquarian prince exiled from his home of Oceana and left nothing much to live on.”
Tom spoke as the voice stopped “Everybody’s got a purpose to live despite being worthless.”
He glared and waited as the voice spoke “Interesting comment.”
Tom frowned as another spotlight shined making him gasp of shock seeing Rana chained in a wheelchair slumped over asleep despite Pumpkin her cat seated onto her lap with hissing sounds from the cat heard. 
He groaned softly seeing Rana’s unconscious’s status as he heard “Talk on why’s you were yelling words involving her named Rana.”
Tom spoke “I don’t want her hurt by the assassin hence I yelling at her to be safe.”
He glared and found Pumpkin in response getting off Rana and making a beeline towards darkness which he heard a faint yowl of a male’s voice including hearing “Get that cat off of me!”
Tom heard the male’s voice sounded familiar to him like he knew it somewhere as there was a gunshot sound including a loud irritated meow sound. 
Tom spoke “You don’t have to shoot that cat!”
He glared in response as he heard “Meow!”
Tom exhaled a breath recognizing the voice as Meritanian as he heard the familiar male voice yell loudly “Tank, how many times I must tell you to avoid saying that noise to me?!”
Tom frowned hearing the Meritanian’s voice sounded familiar in a snickering like laughter tone into his mind as he heard the male’s voice add “Cats are useless creatures they don’t serve anybody but their own masters which is themselves.”
Tom gave up disapproval in response sounds followed by speaking “Cats are cuddly tolerant when it comes to being hugged and kissed by people especially Rana that female doing that to that kitty.”
He waited as the male voice spoke removing the squeakiness “Interesting.”
Tom formed a glare and without a word found another spotlight shining which he gasped of shock seeing the figure as he heard “You won’t remember this. Tank, remove this memory from this assassin’s mind now!”
Tom found himself falling into his mind to find himself chained to a stone chair into his mind while glancing out a window screen of a scene he saw was himself holding a cat via hands while clad in a molded uniform. Tom exhaled a breath and resumed sitting via chair as he found the male version of himself he assumed was a cloned copy of himself walked away. This was followed by witnessing his own body dumped into King Winter’s iceberg kingdom and found himself in control of his body again. Tom found memories spilling into his mind to his shock including memories of a cloned Tom Thunder copy declared Sun Lord ruler of the Lancelots from their nation and servant of the annoyance god of Lance Richard. He found the memories included the cloned double was getting his memories as Assassin Lord and servant of the High Council fully in mind as if he was a computer. The memory recall shocked him to his core as he swam into the ocean and got onto an iceberg as he recalled another memory while shivering onto the iceberg. Tom recalled the memory of his cloned double’s birth involved a cloning machine onto a moon would and thrust out onto the orbiting planet of Terrania via satellite to land into the ocean followed by Lancelot’s Nation natives picking him up and declaring him Sun Lord ruler of them. Tom felt various emotions take hold running through him as he found himself facing the High Council again to kneel onto his knee and waited for their orders. He found his mind scanned instead seemingly lengthy including feeling the Meritanians scanning him to show the High Council various memories via seen in his mind of his cloned double. 
Tom waited impatiently for the High Council to give their orders he found the speaker speaking in response “Says transport Tom Thunder as our servant calls himself out of our presence and keep him out period no matter how he begs for servitude.”
Tom found himself transported to something warm he found himself dumped into the volcano he assumed he was in and surrendered to the sleepiness status happening to him. 

Tom recalled of having a dream after dumped into a pool of water after hearing Rana’s gasp sound after he removed his clothes. He wound up hearing her gasp sounded of her shocked with something involving his back to his confusion as he fell into Rana’s medical bay pool that made him itchy all over followed by hearing snickering laughter of the Meritanians sounding into his mind.
“Nighty night Smarty!” Tom recalled hearing into his mind.
Tom wound up dreaming this dream after he passed out unconscious after sensed pulled out of Rana’s medical pool by Rana herself and dumped onto a bed. He relayed this dream to Recorder of memories Tamyara Palina as Recorder refers herself. 

I as the soul wound up meeting the Guardian of Life and Death in some indescribable form wound up eyeing the metal gated arch like a Traveler’s Gate flickered like a TV. I wound up seeing the Traveler’s Gate flash an image of male wearing furry like skin clothing from head to foot. 
I heard "You had to show this scene again didn't you, you stinker?!"
I heard nothing in response to male’s question instead kept on watching a scene of a soul I assumed was that male. I found myself as a soul as the person felt to be a male who walked on the desert sands his feet wearing gonoid skin boots with robes covering him from head to foot. I paused from my walk to exhale a breath staring at the desert sands while feeling the wind blowing softly. I saw a rocky wall ahead of me compelling me via Meritanian’s compulsion to walk near it. I continued walking towards the rock as if compelled despite unable to change the path. I frowned as I felt a burning sensation on the bottoms of my feet looked down to stare at the ground. I saw nothing but didn’t realize that my feet were burning from a sleeping frozen status of waking up. I felt a hotness feeling which made me yank off my robes baring my form showing myself wearing pants with no top revealing my muscular physique’s abs. Groaning I tossed aside the robes as the feeling began to dominate as I walked. I felt my feet burning and looked down with dizzy eyes to see smoke of fire on the ground where my feet were which I followed with my eyes. I stiffened as I saw the fire surrounded me and screamed out a nonsense sound despite urged to run. I ran towards the rocky wall running while feeling the burning going to my legs indicating my body heating up from deadness status of frozen. I forced myself to keep running till I reached the rocky wall and paused when I spotted a doorway opening in it. I ran in the doorway opening running into a corridor with stone walls ran not caring where I went till my lungs started bursting and I collapsed onto my knees on the dirt floor. I shut my eyes panting for breath me breathing for the first time after being frozen dead status. I discovered the burning and hotness sensations gone from me as I opened my eyes as I continued to pant. I looked up with night vision of yellow to see a large sarcophagus coffin in a form statue of Lance Richard the God King Lord of the Underworld in front of me next to the wall of a large room that was high overhead. I exhaled a breath as my body did the same I didn’t realize it. I wound up trapped into my mind kept contained by the God king Lance Richard in his Underworld kingdom. I wound up getting up from the dirt floor to stare at the sarcophagus which I saw had a sword spear on top of it. I recognized as a weapon called a Mikan by a term by the species Mesan’s Curse unsure of what name they refer themselves now. I didn’t realize it I was getting memories of my clones into my mind hence the Mikan’s name. I sighed and walked towards the sarcophagus leaning over with hands on the Mikan which I with great strength yanked off. 
I stood holding the Mikan in my hands as I spoke while I thinking words “This place is my home. I won’t leave it and suffer your fate, Father. I refused to let what happened to you happen to me.”
I exhaled a breath then felt tiredness arriving went to a wall and sat in a leaning position closing my eyes. I felt myself sliding into a lying position laid onto the ground falling asleep. 

I woke up with gasp breathing via my own body’s oxygen despite my heart not beating yet. I got up and looked around the room which I saw a doorway opposite from the sarcophagus. I entered to see a corridor with open doorways on both sides which I counted each having five of them. I went into doorways to discover that that they were empty small rooms. I found rats scattering in all directions in one room which I feeling hungry captured a rat gagging it to death. I brought the rat to my mouth biting into it eating as I entered another room. I saw had water dripping from the ceiling landing into a small stone pool of water on the floor. I finished with the rat threw the carcass away and went to the pool kneeling. I brought my hand into the pool scooping up water bringing it to my lips repeatedly ignoring my body’s injection of the live giver medicine put into my body. My body wound up accepting the milk substance injected into my arm as medicine hence this water drinking via my mind. 
I felt better spoke out loud “I’ll stay here with the rats as my food and this water pool as my drink.”
I got up and walked back to the sarcophagus room where I went to the corner of the room and laid my form on the dirt ground falling asleep. 

I jerked myself awake when I heard a sound. I opened my eyes as my eyesight blinked from night vision to day vision while hearing the sound become louder. I sat up to stare at the doorway was a flickering light that was coming nearer and nearer while hearing sounds I recognized as people jabbering language unknown or untranslatable. i got up holding the Mikan in front of me to stare at the open doorway. The light revealed a flaming torch light held in a figure wearing blood red robes in hand followed by four other figures wearing identical clothing all with sun like mask of hoods covering their heads. I later recognized the figures as the High Council’s roped into servitude monks of the Lancelot order hence the masks of the sun but didn’t realize that they were mind scanning me at the time. I stood watching as the figures spoke words I didn’t get it the language overlapping jabbering all at once. They were sounding of excitement and panic to me despite speaking gibberish. I didn’t understand the language said but it sounded like the Lancelot’s hissing language of Rakcar or Americania. I edged myself closer towards the figures that darted towards the sarcophagus one leaving the torch lying on the floor as they picked at the coffin with swords in their hands. I roared some loud nonsense sound got the figures to stop their picking as I charged at them swinging my Mikan. I heard exclamations of shock from the figures as I used the flat end of the Mikan’s sword part hitting each of them on their heads knocking them out. I stood staring at the figures that lay on the floor unconscious with the torch’s light flickering. Exhaling a breath I picked up a figure by the neck dragging the person out of the room into the corridor passing by doorways towards the entrance where I could see was nighttime. I with great strength tossed the figure into the air that landed away from me onto the sand that appeared to be watery letting in the figure that splashed. I didn’t realize it at the time but the monks telepathic Humans of the Lancelot order roped into servitude by the High Council whether by force or willingly were mind scanning me for any signs of life in my mind. I went inside and repeated the process with the other figures including tossing out the torch light then went to the rats’ room where I could see rats running around in all directions. With quick hand movements I grabbed a rat by the tail and tossed it in the air catching it with my hand around its neck which I squeezed choking it. I didn’t realize at the time that my rat’s squeezing death was in response to someone shouting at me ordering me to squeeze their hand. I just assumed that the hand squeezing involving the rat’s death instead of squeezing someone’s hand. I smiled a smile of satisfaction as the rat died giving up to death going limp in my hand. I walked out of the room biting into the rat’s body going out the corridor towards the entrance to outside and stood chewing as I listened. I heard voices yelling exclamations words not understood with overlapping as I listened. The voices were sounding of anger calmness sadness and laughter including a female voice I focused onto it as if compelled. I heard the voices’ sounds as I stood which became fainter and fainter. I once finished with the rat tossed the carcass away went to the pool room going inside to kneel at the pool bringing my hand in it scooping up water which I drank repeatedly. 
I spoke once I finished drinking “I’ll stay here and keep people out for it’s my home my place and my sanctuary. No one will enter this place not if I have to kill them just to get rid of the people entering here.” 
I sighed not realizing that I was doing it literally via body and got up leaving the room to the corridor. I walked entering the large room to stand staring at the sarcophagus. I walked to putting a hand on top of it the sarcophagus. 
I spoke again “I’ll guard you to keep others from interfering with your rest. You have my word on this, for I’m not leaving ever. Nothing will bring me out of this sanctuary except death.”
I gave the sarcophagus a rub that felt like a cat’s purring vibration via my hand as if I was rubbing a cat and removed my hand to go to a corner lying on the ground closing my eyes as I let sleep over come me. 

I dreamed of walking in the desert wearing robes that covered my head showing my eyes peering out. 
I was following a figure wearing identical robes covering the head which I automatically knew was a fatherly representative via voice speaking “This is your father.” 
The voice sounded of a Meritanian via voice’s tone I later identified as Tank. My Father stopped and removed the robe from his head showing a form that was twin to Nightwalker the vampire god on identification. I stood next to him removing my robe from my head to stare at my Father still thinking Nightwalker as my dad himself ugh. Father looked at me before a look of terror arrived on his face which he screamed before looking down. I looked down to see fire licking at Father’s robes surrounding him. I darted towards Father intending to help who hit me with a fist in the face I literally felt was punching onto my front.
I wound up hearing a voice yell “Don’t you dare let this poison kill you!”
I didn’t realize that Nightwalker was representing the poisoned status hitting me as I wound up thrown backwards hitting the ground as ropes arrived wrapping around my arms holding me there. I lay on the ground really a bed from the feel of the mattress staring at Father with horror on my face as the fire abruptly rose surrounding the male. 
I screamed out “Father!”
I didn’t realize at the time that I screamed out “Help me!” as heard by various witnesses in the room where I was lying.
The fire I saw engulfed Father who gave out a crying wail and then the flames went shooting into the sky leaving a black round soot mark on the ground in place of the male. The burning death was representing the poison found in my system that was healed out of my body by Nightwalker representing the poison healed out of me. I didn’t know this at the time but I would later as I woke up from my nightmare.  

I woke up screaming of terror shaking my form which took me moments to understand where I was still trapped into the God King Lance Richard’s Underworld. Groaning I rubbed a hand on my head and stood up as my eyes sight flashed from night vision to day vision. I looked at the corridor doorway to see fire light becoming brighter and brighter which I gripped the Mikan in my hands while softly growling. I stared at the light source revealing a figure with a female form holding a torch. I saw had shoulder length brown colored hair while wearing clothes that were medical scrubs, I didn’t realize it at the time as the female came into the room looking familiar to me I didn’t recognize her at first. 
I snarled softly as the figure turned to my direction speaking words I understood “Hello who is there? Show yourself now.” 
I slowly walked forward my eyes on the female’s eyes that widened seeing me as if shocked. 
I stared at the stranger who spoke again “Why are you living here surrounded by darkness instead of being in the light?”
Stranger meant to say “Why are you in your mind when you should be out of your mind controlling your body instead?”
A Meritanian was sensed controlling the stranger’s wording via mind scanning at the time. Not sure which Meritanian was other than Walls and Kiddy was suspected. I in response swung the wide end of the Mikan at the stranger hitting her on the knees knocking her to kneel. I angrily grabbed the stranger’s long hair yanking her in a standing position thrusting the sword part of the Mikan at the stranger’s neck. 
I spoke “I won’t tolerate visitors here who will be removed by my force even killed if they resist.”
I yanked the stranger into the hallway towards the entrance where I could see sunlight shining outside that looked twin to a traveler’s gate’s light shining. I brought the stranger to the entrance and thrust my back to the wall away from the light like it’ll burn me something I remembered happened to Nightwalker himself. 
I spoke “Tell the others to stay out. This is my sanctuary, no one enters.” 
I turned my back and sensed the torch light behind me shining. I continued walking through the corridor entering the sarcophagus room. I kneeled as my nightmarish dream of Nightwalker I call that male representative of poison burned flashed in my mind’s eye making me nervous to go out into the light. Groaning I rubbed a hand on my forehead and once again my eyes sight flickered. Growling I got up and turned towards the room’s entrance to see a male with long blonde golden colored hair wearing just pants on his form and nothing else as the stranger enter the room with a torch in hand. 
I charged at the stranger who spoke “Tom, I’m called Kurpanov.”
I paused mid charge hearing my name spoken by the stranger Kurpanov. The image of Nightwalker catching on fire came to my mind scaring me to react violently. I continued my charge swinging the Mikan at Kurpanov who put the torch in front of his face. As I swung fire from the torch came blowing at me towards my eyes. I dropped the Mikan bending down placing hands over my eyes while hearing running footsteps getting fainter and fainter. I removed my hands to blink my eyes finding from yellow eyesight of night vision was entirely purple with living being sources for pinks. I at the time didn’t realize that the High Council managed to fix the blindness in my body to help me see again despite blinded by the poison. Something that happened to a clone that’s going around with a dog gonoid to see still roped into servitude as a blind man for the High Council while paired to a clone of Victoria. The fixing gave me the eyesight via burning Kurpanov did to me. I felt my eyes were fine not acknowledging the change without realizing it and straightened up my form. I exhaled a breath and looked down on the ground for my Mikan I saw wasn’t there. 
Frowning I looked around eyes staring at the ground then I growled out loud “That stranger, Kurpanov, stole my weapon.”
I roared an angry sound then jogged out of the room to the corridor to the entrance walking through the traveler’s gate. I walked out into the sunlight to see Kurpanov holding my Mikan in his clawed hands standing next to the stranger the female I kicked out. The stranger or female from what I remember of her was seen holding a torch and behind them were a crowd of people who abruptly went silent seeing me. I darted up to Kurpanov and yanked the Mikan out of his grip then turned my back to the crowd pausing when I heard gasping sounds from behind me. I had markings onto my back that indicated I was original and not a clone as believed by the High Council manipulating things on Terrania. It seems that the original High Council just prior to being kicked out of Shadan as that planetary world was called took the original of their cloned dedicated servant Tom Mindbender Thunder myself with them not trusting anyone to destroy me or the clones.  Clones, I later learned, had markings of a belly button on their backs at the spine area marking them something I didn’t have at the time hence I appeared to be an original of a cloned status.  
My back had tattoo markings onto it saying in Human’s language as identified really Highlander’s original written language “This is the One.”
Shaking my head I walked back into the tomb entering the hallway again which I again reached the sarcophagus room. My eyes sight blinked again which I spun around to see Trevor as he calls himself walking speedily into the room. A Surrai as the species called themselves one named Trevor with mind ability to mind scan was scanning me another roping by the High Council to do that job. He was mind scanning me at the time hence he in my tomb in my mind. I edged myself towards the wall eyes on Trevor sensed of doing violence again. I saw Trevor go up to the coffin and kneel form becoming still as if waiting for something. 
Shaking my head of disgust I turned away towards the doorway when I heard a voice speaking “Mindbender.”
The voice was identified to be the High Council’s Meritanians Walls and Kiddy saying that name while acting as my Fatherly representative on Terrania as the world was now referred by natives. I turned around to stare at Trevor and widen my eyes when I saw a male standing at Trevor’s side wearing a skirt with chest bare of clothing with shiny jewelry on it and a crown on his head staring at me with all night sky colored eyes. I shook my head closing my eyes despite recognizing the male as Nightwalker the poisoned Fatherly representative who disappeared in front of me via eater. I opened them to find the male representative of Nightwalker was gone from standing besides Trevor.  
“It was just part of my imagination.” I thought to myself.
I turned and froze for inches away staring at me was Nightwalker who spoke “You my son is Assassin Lord, leader of the people who are counting on you to lead which is what you should be doing. I did not raise you to have yourself isolated surrounded in the darkness living alone.” 
I gasped with shock on my face as Nightwalker continued speaking “You should face your fear the real reason why your isolated yourself in this place.” paused then continued speaking “Why did you go out in the sun to get your weapon if you are afraid of the light? Speak your fears don’t keep them to yourself, my son.”
I stared at Nightwalker who faded from my eyesight as I turned to face Trevor who I heard was chanting words I heard repeatedly said “Go into the light, don’t be afraid.” 
I was later told that Trevor on admittance of the Surrai’s Trevor mind scanning at the time was “Come out of your tomb in your mind.”
A Meritanian either Walls or Kiddy was sensed mind scanning at the time manipulating things to play jokes again to the disgust of me according to Barry. I went to Trevor kneeling in front of the male who stopped chanting to stare at me like I’m expected to speak. 
I spoke via my own wording and not manipulation of a Meritanian “I have a either a memory or a dream in my mind. I see my father wearing robes covered up, walking in the desert with me besides him wearing robes. I was following him who stopped from walking to remove the hood from his head as I did the same with both of us looking at each other. My father looked at me with a look of fear on his face which he screamed of terror and looked down. I looked to see eater licking at his robes surrounding him. I darted towards him to help which he punched me hard throwing me backwards hitting the ground. I could only lie on the ground tied via ropes staring with terror as the eater engulfed my father. 
I screamed out ‘Father!’ as the eater covered him. 
I heard him give out a crying wail sound then the eater shot up towards the sky leaving a black round soot mark on the ground in his place. I kept walking in the desert till I got a burning sensation on the bottoms of my feet that I felt a hotness feeling that made me yank off my robes. The feeling took over as my feet continued to feel like burning and looked down with bad eyesight to see eater surrounding me which I screamed and ran to here. The burning came up to my legs as I entered this place entering this room falling to a kneeling position and felt the eater had left me.”
I paused as Trevor nodded his head like he was really listening to me as I continued “I became afraid that the eater would consume me like it did with my father if I was out there so I stayed living here as my sanctuary from it.” 
I stared at Trevor who handed me a large cloth canteen while speaking “Here, Tom, drink.” 
I took the canteen and brought the open cap part to my lips which I drank recognizing it as milk and I greedily drank till there wasn’t a drop left for me. I handed Trevor the canteen who slung it over his arm as I grimaced as a headache arrived to my head. I saw via my headache was of myself younger sitting next to an eater with gonoid skins feet aimed at it. It was while staring at a male who had robes covering him across from the eater. The male pulled off his robes off his head showing a male’s face with a headband of metal on his head. 
My mind told me “This is your god Nightwalker’s second in command Achilles.”
Achilles was sensed stared at me with a frown as I saw a scene via travel gate’s image of myself whichever while feeling myself as that person. I laid down staring at the sky while feeling my feet warm. I felt a burning sensation in my feet and looked up as Achilles darted around the eater with panic in his eyes. I felt the burning sensation reach my legs as Achilles grabbed me pulling me away from the eater before tossing a bolt of cloth covering my legs and feet swatting it at me. I felt the burning sensation leave me followed by hotness feeling which I groaned loudly pulling at my long sleeve shirt yanking it off my form. 
I felt Achilles’ hand on my forehead and heard him speak “By the Gods, burning up!” which I literally felt a hand onto my forehead followed by hearing a female voice speaking “Drat! He’s burning up!” 
I lay on the bed literally while feeling myself really hot groaning loudly as I felt a cool cloth cover my forehead as I suffered from the poison out of my system. I shut my eyes as I was forced into a sitting position and felt something brought to my lips which I drank recognizing it as milk. I felt the coolness of milk and greedily drank as sleepiness arrived which I stopped drinking becoming still. I felt an arm around my form and felt my head lay on a lap with a cloth still on my forehead as I slept passing out unconscious. 

The scene changed via TV’s travel gate to show myself while kneeling jerked my eyes to stare at Trevor who spoke “You as younger were burned on the feet and legs from an eater catching on your clothes which gave you the heat sickness. You suffered said to see an image of your father being burned by the eater repeatedly over and over during your sicknesses.”
Trevor paused then continued speaking “After your father’s disappearance, you were seen going into the desert unstopped wearing what you described walking the perimeter of the city walls outside while crying out ‘Father’ repeatedly.” 
I frowned at Trevor’s words like he wasn’t really explaining what was happening to me who kept speaking “The hotness feeling you had that led you to here was the heat of the desert and the coolness of the tomb helped you feel better.” 
I found that I felt better along with hearing a voice "Go with Trevor leaving the place, my son." 
I via identification recognized the voice belonging to Lance Richard’s the God king God of the Underworld spoken it. I got up as Trevor got up and I ran to a corner of the room with hand over my mouth while hearing the male gasp loudly. 
Trevor’s gasping was sounding of “Ah! His fever’s broken!”
I threw up the contents of my stomach several times literally onto a bowl over the side of the bed. I later while in the God of the Underworld’s kingdom felt something in my mouth. I coughed out to see is a small crystal jewel with a cloth necklace which I later recognized as Lance Richard’s. It symbolized my fever broken and I back to normal again after being frozen solid and disappeared for awhile. 
I put on necklace and went back to Trevor who spoke “Moves like a God for only God can lead us.” 
Trevor spoke foreign language as the male handed me the Mikan the male heard hissing loudly I translated later “He’s fine now so transport me back to Kurpanov’s Sanctuary now!”
I followed Trevor out of the tomb to outside facing the crowd of people who get on their knees as if worshipping me as their God and leader. I became Pharaoh as the leader's title and given clothes and are paraded through the city in a chair held by male slaves representing Freeloaders with my guards flanking me. The Freeloaders are a species dubbed Keo that are twin to the Shadonia that later went extinct. The Freeloaders are blondes with all black eyes and pointed ears of a Highlander. The procession stopped at a triangle like stone building where it’s figured is a temple where there are others assumed to be priests there along with a chair in front of the doors. I got off chair by slaves lowering it to the ground and walked up the steps to the chair.
I am told by high priest wearing mask of a gonoid God, Anubis "Kneel." 
Anubis waved hands over me while chanting in foreign language words not understood but appearing to be said “Ay Kabaiya!” 
Anubis is handed hanging a hanging lantern which he waved over me still chanting away. Anubis hands off lantern then placed hands on my head closing my eyes with his hands.
Anubis spoke "You shall be known as your name, Tom Mindbender Thunder, The Assassin Lord and servant of God King Nightwalker ruler of the God of Hell." 
Anubis’ hands picked at my eyes which I opened and the priest take a crown off the masked head and place it on my head. I rolled my eyes while making out a small gasp as I felt sexually charged jolt of pleasure. The jolt of pleasure involved my form sexually active after awhile of not having sex. Then I stood up and went to the chair to sit which crowd got onto their knees foreheads to the ground with arms in front of them. 
I spoke loudly "I am Pharaoh, ruler of Kingdom Egyptia. I will rule the people well."
I wound up to be assisted by a priest called Omar who gave me advice on ruling. 
I found some of the advice is demanding insisting “Pharaoh do this and that while ruling as Pharaoh!” 
I appeared to be in love with a female slave with long sun colored hair named Sabba that appeared to use some Compeller’s or Builder’s voice tone onto me. 
I spoke via compulsion “I declared Sabba as my queen!” despite my priest’s words speaking “I must protests with objections!” 
I and Sabba eat food before we went to bed asleep after that with her next to me. I passed out unconscious despite literally feeling my back punched by Sabba repeatedly including she sensed tugging at my pants I found wasn’t removable. I appeared too passed out to know what happened next. 

I waked up in the morning to discover Sabba dead with claw marks on her and her neck is broken. 
I act like I killed her got upset like what the Meritanian says “Having a crying hissy fit.”
The priest Omar arriving into the room appearing to be aware of Sabba's death not glance at the bed spoke "It’s a bad omen to mate with slaves for your gonoid side came out and said no to slaves hence the killing." 
I appeared to mourn Sabba's death wound up sitting on my bed staring at the ceiling lengthy as night and day go by. I appeared to not acknowledge anything all around me or the food brought to my lips. I kept on lying there till a female slave arrived into the room carrying a tray of food that makes my mouth water. She wound up straddles me and kisses me on the lips triggering me to kiss her back. I didn’t feel anything involving metallic thrusting blocking the kissing despite happening to pairs who aren’t destined to be together.
She overheard speaking “There’s more to life than lying there motionless so do something amusing now!”
I saw the female a slave and shakes my staring at the ceiling mood enough to get up from the bed and spoke “I declare you my queen!” 
The female acted rude to I speak "I don’t want anything to do with you!"
I letting my raging hormones involving sex take control didn't back down instead corner the female in the room after getting up from the bed as in getting her trapped between my arms. 
More likely I trying to kiss her again and insisting to her “I want to mate with you.” 
I found her thrusting a knife at my neck when succeeded in trapping her to kiss her. Omar arrived into the room to get the female slave away from me to my annoyance. 
Omar wound up speaking "You're not to mate with Niya, the slave, for it’s not what the Pharaoh is supposed to be doing." 
I responded by going to Omar and thrusting a clawed hand onto the male's face scratching him to snarl unaware I used my Berserker’s side in control "You will allow me to mate with Niya I want brought to my bedroom now! I as your Pharaoh orders it!"
Omar is seen by guards darting away in sight with a hand over his cheek where I scratched him like he was poisoned. 
This was followed by Niya entering the room with her arms folded she giving me a golden eyed glare of “Confess your crime.” Twin to Barry’s glare I later learned to my disgust.  
I spoke despite raging hormones hitting me urged to mate "I want to mate with you, Niya." 
I found my order of Niya lying on the bed in response while having arms still folded. I wound up not sure of how to mate laid my form on top of her but she thrust a knife at my neck when I repeatedly attempted to lie on top of her. Knife felt like a sword’s point pricking my neck to bleed a bit. I didn’t realize it that the sword pricking was a result of an argument on whether my blood was night sky or Human colored black or human’s dark red. My blood turned out to be black as indicated by the cut wound that healed up despite clones usually have that black colored blood and not other colors. I’m not sure why’s I had black colored blood but I’m assuming it’s from my Freeloader side in me having that colored blood. The Freeloaders were known to have black colored blood actually.
As I was saying story wise I spoke "I wanting to mate with you when I first saw you-"
Niya interrupted speaking "You killed a slave female and I refused to suffer her fate." 
I spoke "Niya, just kill me for I still want to mate with you if you're afraid of me." 
I closed my eyes and waited as the knife presses harder into the side of my neck. I kept my face into a pleading expression as I sensed the knife off my throat and Niya kissing me on the lips hands on my cheeks. She appeared to be my first when it comes to mating despite clueless on how to mate with her. Niya had to guide me in that mating ritual as in thrusting my sensitive part inside her private and feeling myself getting more alive from that thrusting till I spilled myself inside her. I wasn’t sure what to make of that mating but it felt very good to do that. 
Then after the mating is done I speak to her in whispered tones "I have a side to me dubbed Berserker that I bring out via mental mind orders that makes me look scary to people and creeps them out." 
She responded "I'm being fine with this." 
I fell asleep and waked up sensing Niya in trouble to see Omar with guards in the room holding her with priest having a knife at her throat. 
Omar is heard while I is quietly getting up behind the priest’s back with guards eyeing me despite the priest stupidity isn’t paying attention "Pharaoh mating with a slave girl will ruin my plans to control him in his rule over the kingdom. I will have to kill Niya like I killed this slave girl dubbed Sabba by snapping her neck and getting Pharaoh’s venomous claws on her body while he was passed out by a sleep drug in his food and drink." 
For the record I don’t have venomous claws when it comes to scratching people with my Berserker’s side in control. Instead I appeared to get mad roared loudly surprising Omar who turned around dropping Niya from his knife hold. Omar is attacked by me who used my Berserker’s claws on the priest's face who kept thrusting the knife at me. Priest kept on trying to cut my hands despite me trying to claw him some cat like swiping method. 
I wound up via compulsion recalled my Berserker’s mental sides mental abilities to mentally speak “Die!”
Priest dies as in blood spurting from his eyes and ears while falling to the floor disappeared as the High Council say for death despite Humans saying dead. Guards take priest’s body away as I am calmed down and allow Niya to hold me which I leaned my face on her head relaxing some more from her arms on me. 
I let Niya bring me to the bed and then we mate again she speaking “Do what you want take control.”
I wound up exploring her body entirely as in exploring her breasts and sucking onto them despite hearing hisses of disapproval from her. I’m not sure what’s going on with that hissing sound except I explored her below the waist putting fingers onto the area and still got that disapproval sound. I wound up once I finished exploring Niya thrust myself inside her despite her not hissing any noises instead felt hands of fingertips onto my face’s cheeks and a sense of my mind being scanned while I was mating. I felt the mating didn’t feel right to me instead felt wrong to me and didn’t feel like I was mating with the right person.
I spoke to Niya once the mating was done I felt up with thrusting inside her and spilled myself outside while lying onto my back "I'm declaring my love to you along with hoping to have you as my equal, my queen." 
The scene changes via TV’s screen as I received a visitor an ambassador of the High Council group on Terrania wearing red hooded robes speaking "I am asking you about choosing a reason for living." 
I saw a female slave I didn’t realize was twin to Veronica Victoria Thomas or Recorder whatever name of that cloned copy obsessively paired to Tom Thunder’s persona put tray with drinks on ottoman next to my throne chair. I got up as she knelt with head down me ignoring the High Council’s member’s question. 
I spoke "I have already chosen a female as my queen."
I went to the female pulling her up who won’t look at me like she was trying to avoid looking at me as if she was disgusted despite hearing her noise sounding of that. 
I kissed her on the lips despite some metallic thrusting felt and wound up cheek kissing and speak "I have chosen this female as my queen." 
I spoke my words while hearing the High Council member spoke “I must protests to this!” 
The female was stiff to the touch which I whispered in her ear "I'm begging you to be my queen and my equal." 
I ignored the High Council member took her to my bedroom to resume kissing her on the cheek while feeling her really stiff like I was kissing a wall. 
I pleaded with a begging tone "I want you as my queen to accept as mine." 
I heard haltingly agreed in a broken voice eyes still not looking at me “…I…agree…” 
I held her and brought her to the bed and mated with her despite again metallic thrusting felt that I stupidity thought involved mating and nothing involving paired couples. Once done night arrived fell asleep literally.

I waked up in the sunlight to discover the female gone and go out of bedroom without any clothes roaring with Berserker side in control while feeling angry. 
Omar or another form of my priest representative despite annoyed to see him alive is there with my guards as I roar with Berserker willed aside "I want a female now! You'll have to go out searching for her!"
My guards point out my nudity with their eyes and heads staring at me with looks including hand gestures towards their privates I saw and realized that I’m not wearing clothes. Clothes are a must to be worn around public despite allowed in private among couples. I went back into bedroom put on clothes as Omar followed me. I was forced by Omar using Compeller’s voice chatter tones to eat and drink food set at a table in the room. Omar’s voice sounds like a female herself ordering me to eat the food and drink which I literally obeys to takes in the nourishment and then once done getting up fell to the floor unconscious. 

I waked up to discover it’s nighttime and I was lying on the floor appearing to be a rug, while hearing crying sounds. I saw Niya as I refer her standing in front of a window looking twin to a window of an apartment’s residence I’m not sure of whose residence but it looked like a one room’s residence as I got up.
I went to Niya rubbing her back speaking "You're not leaving me again for you're as mine as my queen." 
I heard Niya speak "My father abused my mother after speaking twin words you spoke to her using the word Priestess instead of queen. My father in one of his angry rages killed my mother in front of me who I as a child ran away. I was found by the Pharaoh who had two slaves raise me and had me become a slave once I was old enough." 
I stiffened hearing the words as Niya adds "My father was Omar the priest who didn’t recognize me when he tried to have me killed. I'm afraid of suffering my mother’s fate hence myself trying to run away. A Priest named Trevor caught me and talked sense to me into revealing the truth to you." 
I lowered my hands went to chair appearing to be an armchair and sat staring at her like I was shocked with bad news. 
I did later say I heard Niya speaking words saying “I can’t have a relationship with you because I’m Edenia the Ambassador. I can’t have a relationship with anyone. Sorry, Tom, but you’ll have to pair yourself with someone else for sexual relationships means.”
She resumed crying while continuing to stand in front of my window. I continued to stare at Niya who kneel curling into a ball while still crying away. I got up walking towards Niya to pick her up carrying her to a bed in a room as the scene changed to show some place else than that one room apartment. I placed her on the bed and pulled the blanket on her form. I got into bed wrapping my arms around her as she fell asleep which I lied awake for a bit.
I wound up hearing a voice saying in a snickering like voiced tone “Nighty Night Smarty!”
I’m not sure which Meritanian said that comment but the voice was a male who said it to me not sure if the plant was Walls or Tank. I closed my eyes and fell asleep as if obeying the order as the scene changed with I is in throne room sparring with a guard using Mikans. 
My guard gets my Mikan out of my hands then halts to speak "Pharaoh, see about picking up your weapon to resume the fight." 
I as seen but not realizing I would shock people use the mental command with Berserker in control “Weapon to me!” to get the Mikan to my hand. 
I heard guards around me gasp out “God!” 
The word didn’t register to me from the behavior I easily dismissed but sensed confusion like the guards spoke some foreign language wording to me. 
Messenger boy arrives in room speaking "Guards have requested Pharaoh to the fighting room." 
I agreed to go walks with guards escorting me to the room a large outdoor courtyard looking twin to a courtyard belonging to the Ranians who live in Rania or Saudi Arabia as that nation is known via Human or First One’s name. 
I was surrounded by guards in a circle which one spoke “I challenged you to a fight by Mikan!”
I spoke “I accepted!” 
I fight with the guard who got the Mikan out of my hands via fast speed move like I’m clumsy with that weapon. I as I sensed from behind me an arrow flying towards me. I using the Berserker in control twisted to my right grabbing arrow with my clawed right hand and with left arm blocks the guard’s Mikan. My Berserker’s armored arm isn’t cut able as in indicating it’s harder than any sword weapon can cut onto it hence I easily blocked the weapon. 
I heard a voice speak loudly “I’m halting the fight!” 
I recognizes as the High Council member who visited me before which I sees standing with the guards. I saw another guard who has a female slave with him knife at her throat and her hands are tied in front of her with ropes. I stared at female slave as my hormones of sexual feelings hitting me distracting me as guard with Mikan knocked me to a kneeling position then has blade part of Mikan at my throat. I found despite the Berserker in control the guard managed to grab my hair and thrust the blade onto my neck making a small cut.
“His weakness is there!” I heard indicating my neck is where I can be cut able than anywhere on my armored body.
I heard official speak "Pharaoh killed a slave girl when she displeased him and is pleasuring himself on another slave girl." 
Official paused as guards around me become silent which the official continued again "Pharaoh was raised to be spoiled doing things his way without caring about others even hurting them if he is not happy with them." 
I remembered a mysterious God line spoken when I was in the sarcophagus room and guards in throne room speaking the word God while gasping. It dawns on myself has a fast ability to move speeding running move something I don’t really have without the Berserker in control. I wound up looking away to eye the female who gives me a small smile I calmed by despite raging hormones hitting me. I feel the cut onto my neck has healed up as in indicating no blood leaking which I feel despite guard kept Mikan onto my throat an inch away. I wound up feeling the area including some indication of getting out of traps hitting me which was training by cloned copies having that got into my mind not sure how.
The High Council member continued to rant “Can’t Mindbender quit falling in love with Georgina Visser and fall in love with Veronica Thomas instead?!” 
I didn’t realize that the name of Georgina Visser was original Edenia’s ambassadorial representative’s name despite she cloned repeatedly to have High Council servants paired to her clones due to their raging sexual hormones.
I heard guards grumble loudly “Can’t this fool shut up?” 
Guard with Mikan swings weapon aiming at my throat which I used combative art training to free my hair finding some of it got pulled out as I used the Berserker’s blurry fast speed to get up on my feet and move till I is behind the guard. Guard turned around looking for me seeing me charged with Mikan again swinging for my neck despite other guards helping him. More likely the other guards knocking me onto my knees repeatedly for that guard to swing his Mikan at my neck I kept on using my ability to move behind guard who’s Mikan meets air every time it swings at me. I sensed the guards surrounding me are silent repeatedly helping the guard as the official is gasping loudly. 
Gasps sounded of “…Do…not…mean…too…do…that!”
This process lasts repeatedly several times till the guard with Mikan tossed it onto the ground then knelt with head bowed. 
I eyed female slave while saying “I love you as my queen.”
I saw guard besides her cut ropes binding her with knife freeing her and then gently pushes her forward then knelt as the official and guards kneel. I due to my sexual urges kept my eyes on the female whose head is bowed am staring at the ground as she hesitantly walked with halting steps towards me. The halting steps are involving pairs finding each other and drawn to place hands palm to palm touching followed by hugging each other something that’s a side effect of Edenia’s orbiting Terrania. I’m not sure when that’ll end involving pairs getting together. I placed hands on her cheeks kissing her on the lips while feeling her kiss me back that felt right to me and still made me want to mate with her further. I placed my arms around her in a hug as she did the same then I broke off the hug to place an arm around her waist while looking at the kneeling in submission people.
I spoke "I have chosen Georgina Visser as my mate and my reasons for living are to preserve Terrania and her history to the future’s generations. I expect my people to accept this." 
I’m not sure why’s I said the name of Georgina Visser despite later learned she’s of Edenia’s ambassadorial representative.
I heard "Says we accept."
It's spoken in unison from the guards and official who are kneeling on the floor sounding of one voice spoken that was revealed to be the Souler speaker of the High Council. The scene of a TV stopped flaring followed by the Guardian of Life and Death in some form of a male despite can’t describe him speaking some liner I don’t remember what it was. I wound up seeing something shiny and round coming from my front that went to the Guardian to be put onto something that was tipping back and forth like a scale. I heard a shriek sounding of joy after the scale landed onto one side. I frowned as the shiny thing got back into me despite pain hitting me at the time.
I heard “Life is chosen for you! Be gone now!”
I heard the voice sounded of Lance Richard’s cruel voice tone to me. I did see something else after that was of air sense of flying and wind blowing onto me. I saw something fussy round and blue with brown ness I wasn’t sure what it was followed by the scene shifting into something else. The scene changed to show unnamed female wearing clothes identified of as medical scrubs with face twin to Niya’s.
She was speaking in private of a bedroom "I'm pregnant." 
I have via dream appeared to have accepted this news with joy. I, during Niya’s I called this female’s pregnancy acted fascinated with the baby moving from inside her from having hands on her abdomen while feeling the movements. Niya once her abdomen is so swollen went into labor has a baby which is a girl via self birthing herself as if fed up being inside her mother. I’m not sure of how that baby wound up fed up enough to be born despite a Drainer parasite that lives eternally forever inside females in forever pregnancies. I’m not sure if Niya’s medical tech knowledge caused her to birth the baby or so. The girl an obvious Drainer parasite is looking like she’s inherited Niya’s facial appearance like black hair and appearing to have inherited my golden eye color Niya calling her Bella Thunder to my disgust of favoring a Veronica Thomas novel involving a character with that name. I wasn’t sure what the point of that dream was as I dreamed another dream as if compelled by the Meritanians doing that joke onto me. I dreamed I was in an airplane belonged to the island nation of Lancelot Nation’s island of Ireland on the way to the one of the island’s national capital city National City for medical care. I’m unsure of where’s I came up with those identifying names despite aware that there’s a clone of me living in Lancelot Nation.  I adjusted the glasses on my face with a frown using a Human like hand and fluffed strands of my black night sky short colored hair from my face. 
I wondered to myself despite feeling my mind scanned “What will happen now?”
I frowned looking around the interiors of the airplane to see the passengers sitting in chairs with indescribable forms. Some of the people were sensed staring at me as I looked out of the corners of my eyes fussy with the glasses off my face. There were some brave enough to look at me in the face via sensing of being stared at despite looking at them. I still have the sense of being stared at or watched naturally enough to look back at that was doing it even to a cat watching me. The staring I sensed made me think it was anger as I sat in a chair and looked behind me. I could see a female of the Highlander mind walking Human species marked by their small eyes despite multiple colored hair and eye colors but always mind walkers. She lay on a hospital bed behind me with needles attached to her arms. Her dark sky colored hair lay spread around her dirty watered Human like face as her ears peeked out of her hair. There were tubes attached to the needles that led to packets of clear liquids. I frowned lost in thought staring at her sleeping form lying on the bed covered in a blanket. I recalled to myself the female was an athlete competing in the Terrania Unity Games for Lancelot Nation in Kenibia an island nation formerly of Northern Africa continent in Human’s Earth history. Kenibia was used to be referred by the Humans as a desert country full of desert sands and hardly anything living there but the Kenibians. I recalled the Kenibians were contacted by a mysterious group unknown to their name really the High Council that taught them how to live off land and built their cities. Such as building their city of Abydos as referred to that sand stoned city in Kenibia’s state of Egypt. 
“Egypt was Egyptia” referred by the Kenibians “seemed to be sacred ground for religious purposes for the Highlanders themselves.” Actually was where the High Council’s residence base on Terrania was actually underwater.
I felt disgust take hold recalling that Abydos’ pharaoh ruler built an inner stadium for gymnastics’ and other events involving the Terrania Unity Games in the desert land state of Lydia also known as Liberation by the Highlanders who insisted on that name the ruler kept out of obligation. The nation in Human’s name was referred as Libya unsure of why’s the name was changed. The stadiums were built as a result after hard years of labor via the Human slaves who were still considered slaves in Terrania for full blood humans who weren’t a part of animalistic traits involving mind walking or gills off the sides of their chests for water breathing. The Humans without protest built the stadiums and the equipment for the athletes arrived from other nations expressing interests in competing in Kenibia. The Kenibians declared their island name United States of America to the visitors but referred the nation as USA. They have historically balked saying why they picked that name of USA or the United States of America.
Instead they said “That name is a reminder of something bad that happened and needs to be remembered.” 
The humanoid versions of cats with Human like faces despite clawed hands and clawed feet and a purring rumbling vibration or known as Kenibians refused to explain what had happened to call their nation that name. They had always changed the subject as a result which I felt annoyance recalling that memory fully. I recalled a memory involving someone named Tamyara Chennikova like a clone was mind scanning someone else to remember that memory. I recalled that Tamyara was doing some acrobatic, judged event called gymnastics on one event called the floor exercise tumbling when she crashed a passing tumbling to be lying on the mat. I saw via mind was a male’s eyesight was sitting in the stands of the arena with Emperor Pavel Palin of Oceana as the Highlanders’ referred the island nation of Australia in Humans’ terms including nearby island nations bordering Australia underneath the ruler of Oceana. 
Pavel Palin was Emperor of Oceana ruler of the Highlanders as assumed despite Kenibians heard saying “He’s not the ruler of the Highlanders!”
I remembered the male’s name was Pavel Palin referred as Pave who remembered being with his father watching the scene that he got up and started walking down the stairs like in a trance with his two of Oceana’s guards called Kaddar following him. The Terrania Unity Games’ declared official doctor, Robb Marina was quick to reach her along with other medics of his antennas like heads and black beady eyes species dubbed Monarchs for being medics, arrived. They took her off the floor exercise podium on a stretcher and Robb took off running straight towards Pave himself. I recalled that Robb waved a scanner over Pave and shook his head staring at people behind him. Pave only had eyes for Tamyara who lay on the stretcher being escorted towards him as he in a trance took her hands and she looked at him gripping them before she went unconscious. Pave was sensed heard groaned to himself remembering that was the way pairs were declared in Terrania despite people falling in liking way with others. 
I recalled historically told by Humans who survived the great death of Edenia’s leaving orbiting Terrania “This hands’ touch is how pairs were picked by hands touching each other and then declared mates. This hands’ touch was involving the pairs were like destined to be mates as the planetary world had picked them to do it.” 
Pave via memory had put his glasses on and turned around to stare at the Emperor, his father, with long cloud colored hair that folded his arms and had an angry look on his face.
I recalled hearing a voice in my mind sounding cruel and alien to me appeared to say “You’re no longer my son.” 
With that look the Emperor walked away from Pave and left the arena with his guards following him the guards stopped escorting him and ignored him following the Emperor leaving him alone with Tamyara. 
Robb had told Pave with himself barely listening “Tamyara needed some surgery which only Lancelot Nation could provide and they needed to take her to there immediately.” 
Pave as remembered telling Robb “Take her then.” 
Robb told him “You’ll have to accompany Tamyara as her mate to help her come through the surgery.” 
Pave was escorted out of the stadium towards a waiting vehicle that wailed its sirens like noises while flashing lights. Lucky for the two of them there was an airplane waiting to take off which Tamyara and himself were escorted into it which took off flying in the air towards Lancelot Nation’s island of Ireland as referred by the Humans but official name was Brittany for both Ireland and Great Britain as Human’s names. From the memory in my mind I saw Pave shook his long blonde colored headed hair of the memory frowning and adjusted his position to stare at the seat in front of him. He spied a magazine with his ocean colored Human eyes through the seeing glasses on his face along with items in the back of the seat in front of him and pulled it out. He saw the cover which had Tamyara in a pose facing the camera wearing her leotard, tight clothing molded to the body for her to do her acrobats in gymnastics. He recognized that she was posing on an apparatus event called the balance beam with her face seen facing the camera with a concentration look. 
There was the headline which Pave read to himself in the language dubbed Americanian unsure of how the language got the name “National Hero, Tamyara Chennikova in her third Games!” 
Pave frowned thinking of the title and opened the magazine and skimmed the contents barely reading the words. He stared at the pictures of Tamyara displayed in the magazine frowning lost in thought. 
Exhaling air he leaned his head back and fell asleep despite hearing a Meritanian’s voice saying “Nighty night smarty!” 
The airplane according to the pilot’s announcing it landed in Lancelot Nation’s city of National City. I came through a narrow hallway following an unconscious patient on a stretcher pushed by a medic who got priority to disembark first. I wound up following them including other passengers following. I saw the medic with other passengers reached the end of the hallway to see white lights of flashbulbs from cameras and voices talking a mile a minute at the end. At the end was another large hallway where a crowd of people stood held back by the city’s police in their tan uniforms. I flinched from the white lights as the police escorted the passengers through the crowds of people through the large hallway of the airport terminal and reached outside to see a waiting vehicle with lights and sirens blasting. The vehicle took me to the hospital despite I’m not sure why’s I was sent to there despite on the plane. Once reaching the hospital I was ordered via compulsion to sit in a chair in the hallway for a lengthy time period. 
I wasn’t sure of why’s I was seated in that chair despite thinking “It’s a memory.”
I didn’t remember anything else as a result of the Meritanians mind wiping that memory out of my mind as orders of the High Council. I remembered later is some female with facial appearance and hair twin to Niya’s came into the hallway jerking and walking like she was having trouble resisting to some walking status. I wound up via compulsion standing up and didn’t resist as she put her hands palms touching my palms. I did felt a great charged of pleasure hitting me from our palms touching palms. I wound up hugging that female as a result of compulsion to do it. Then once that hugging was done the female gave off hissing angry noises sounding like she was furious with something and slapped me onto the cheek followed by walking away I compelled to follow. I followed her all over the place in the hospital eavesdropping onto her hissing language I found myself getting it her wordings. She was issuing orders to medical personal from what I heard including hearing snickering from the medical staff them seeing me following her around like a dog faithful to its master. Ugh.” said Tom Mindbender Thunder when relaying this to Recorder of memories.
Recorder otherwise known as Tamyara Palina or clone of Tamyara Palina spoke “What else do you remember hmm?”
Tom Thunder as storyteller wishes to call himself despite named Mindbender the Assassin Lord by the High Council on Terrania. He wound up speaking in response another memory appearing to be something the Meritanians were sickening him onto like anyone on Terrania to be given memories of someone and be pained by it. 

Tom found himself facing the Guardian of Life and Death with an indescribable form despite sensing something of white colors and a male form. He gave the Guardian despite indescribable form a glare and waited for judgment as he got a memory like he was watching via a TV screen. Tom recalled via memory of himself getting raging sexual urges hitting him after following the female a twin of Niya’s dubbed by the name of Rana Visser enough to really want to mate with her. He recalled some sense of being stared at from above but figured it was recorders and didn’t realize that Lancelot Nation had managed to stuff the Meritanians plants in the ceiling to spy anywhere they wanted. The Meritanians were sensed to be the remains of Merra and Tank the original of Terrania’s two twin Meritanians that later changed personalities to Walls and Kiddy after Edenia’s leaving orbit abruptly causing the great death. Tom wound up cornering Rana into the elevator to attempt to kiss her on the lips despite feeling a metallic thrusting onto the area. He didn’t realize it at the time that Rana Visser was roped into serving the High Council for her medical knowledge hence a clone of their dedicated servant Mindbender was sickened onto her for that roping. The High Council figured out that Rana Visser from looks of her was an original and not a clone despite their original servant Mindbender paired towards her. 
Tom as recalled that Rana slapped him onto the cheek and hissed “Your acting inappropriate for me!”
He gave her a glare and flared his Berserker side into her face flexing his clawed hand onto her cheek touching the area despite she sensed disgusted and standing there with hands onto her hips. 
Tom once the elevator quit moving willed aside his Berserker and again followed Rana into the hallway despite a paging announcement said “Doctor Rana Visser to room four now!” 
Voice via what he remembered “Sounded of Barry’s Compeller’s voice tone to me ordering Rana to someplace.”
He again followed her to room four to hear snickering from the medical personal like they were telling a joke and found he locked into a patient room with Rana finding no patient in bed. Tom wound up recalling himself filmed while in lockup in that room including an urge to strip his clothes which he obeyed. He got to his underwear garment till Rana appeared to roll her eyes glancing at the ceiling something natives shouldn’t do out of bad luck then went into the patient’s bathroom he followed along. Tom wound up following along but didn’t really mate with Rana instead willed forwards his Berserker and gave her the sleep command. He found Rana passed out to collapse onto the floor which he found the recorders in the room turned off as he carried her onto the bed. Tom found Barry via light show still clad in his blood red robes holding a syringe with a long needle.
“Needle looked wicked bad to me.” said Tom telling the story. 
Barry wound up speaking “Kindly bare her abdomen now.”
Tom obeyed as Barry injected Rana with that wicked needle and put the contents into her via pumping method.
Once that was done Barry spoke “Just does something about her moon as the First Ones call it to make it seem like you mated with her unconscious.”
Tom found Barry disappeared in a light show which he again adjusted Rana’s clothes and thought of at the time “I might as well mate with her out of urges.”
He found his sexual urges deflate after he thought that thought as if anticipating him via mind sensed scanning at the time. Tom wound up without any hesitation thrust his fingers inside Rana that didn’t feel right to him and broke her moon as it’s called after adjusting her clothes. He wound up stripping himself of his underwear and lay onto the bed cuddling Rana leaving her clothes in disarray. 
He didn’t protest when he heard Tank’s familiar commentary “Wakey wake it’s rude to sleep when there’s guests present!”
Tom heard Rana wake up snarling “You’re a sick bastard!”
Tom wound up just rolling over ignoring Rana getting up from the bed adjusting her clothes as glanced at and going to the door banging onto it despite it locked from outside. 
She heard yelling “Enough of the jokes now! Open the damn door!”
Tom wound up getting up despite Rana ignoring him and still banging onto the door. He got dressed and as a result went to Rana willing forwards his Berserker’s side and recalled a trick involving unlocking a door. The trick involved putting a hand onto the door and mentally using telekinetic mind moving objects to unlock the door. He found that worked followed by willing aside his Berserker and opening the door. 
Rana walked out saying “Good riddance!” 
Tom again followed her all over the place despite blocked from entering patient’s rooms by nurses and other medical personal insisting to him “You’re to wait here!”
He obeyed to wait to their orders despite Rana seemed lengthy with the patient visiting to rooms and seemed angrier after she left each room. He wasn’t sure why’s she was angry or so but she was seen rubbing her abdomen area like expecting pain in the area but wasn’t sure if she thought she was pregnant with offspring already. 
“I don’t remember what happened next after this memory was finished playing.” says Tom who adds “I do remember Rana able to birth the baby a Drainer parasite female named Bella Thunder. I’m still clueless to how’s Rana was able to birthed the baby despite knowing what those Drainer parasites do while inside females. I suspect her medical knowledge as a medic contributed to that birth. I’m not sure why’s she’s picked that name of Bella other than that name is a character’s name in one Veronica Thomas’ works.”
Tom continued the story facing the Guardian didn’t have long to wait as he found himself given life then blown backwards out of the moon world he saw was a dead barren moon of machinery into Terrania from the looks of it. Tom found himself guided via senses to go towards a part of Terrania he saw involved the Lancelot Nations’ Brittany islands. He kept on being guided till he focused onto a castle as if drawn in one island he recognized as Ireland and kept on focusing as thunder and lightening flashed overhead. Tom found himself going through corridors of a castle finding various Mesan’s Curse nearby in the castle as he found himself drawn to a tower that had a bedroom in it after a set of stairs. Tom found a male lying on the bed that appeared to be he from the looks of it looking dead with eyes open to the world. He frowned as he found himself entering the male’s body and found himself breathing air for the first time after a bit. Tom breathed deeply the oxygen that smelled of rain from the open window including hearing the thunder booming. He found his body whined in pain in response to his taking over. Tom grunted recognizing the pain as poisoned status as he got up from the bed and went to a dresser as if compelled to pull out a needle dart gun from the drawer and injected it into his neck. He sighed recognizing the drug’s effects taking its work and eyed the gun to sniff its contents. Tom recognized the drug as a drug to make his body survive onto it instead of taking in nourishment. He grunted an annoyed sound in response to that drugged status and without a word went to the window to peer out. 
He got a memory of himself shutting the windows only to get Mesan’s Curse barging into the room asking him “What’s going on? Windows shutting meant you as Sun Lord are sick with some ailment you don’t want the public to know.”
Tom peered out the window to view the scenery of long black waves on the ground while hearing noises. He exhaled a breath from memory finding the waves were people cheering and waving their hands and clapping in response to his appearance onto the window still. Tom found people were clad in twin clothes as he was as Sun Lord as he gave the traditional wave via muscular memory indicating it then went into his room further inside. He grunted an annoyed sound realizing from memory that the Sun Lord was actually some figurehead to the public in Lancelot’s Nation of Ireland depending onto him to lead them into a good mood to his disgust. Hence the crowds of people gathered outside cheering and dressed twin to him as Sun Lord for mood pleasuring. Tom felt annoyance take hold went to sit down onto the armchair and found him urged to lay his head back via muscle memory of that. He obeyed to do it to eye the ceiling as if drawn to find a familiar spider like plant above he recognized belonged to spies of the High Council from Shadan that spied onto Humans reporting recordings to the Meritanians to report to the High Council. Tom exhaled a breath to hear three knocks onto his door to his bedroom he assumed was the tower room. He recognized the knocks indicating visitor from memory of that fully into his mine to eye the spider plant with suspicion running through him while hearing a faint snickering sound of a Meritanian. The Meritanian’s laughter sounded twin to Walls via noises despite thinking “This noises sounded of Tank’s voice.”
Tom frowned as he got a memory of his cloned Sun Lord’s self speaking “Entrance, granted!”
He spoke the words followed by lowering his head to focus onto the door finding the door open sliding like a sliding door. Tom frowned forming a familiar annoyance glare onto his face as he saw the visitor was a Mesan’s Curse via description of the male arriving into the room. 
The Mesan’s Curse via scaly skinned clothes including a barrel shaped mask covering the head entirely spoke “You’re wanted out now!”
Tom heard the rude tone of the Mesan’s Curse got up via muscle memory of him in pain walked in pain towards the door only to get the visitor thrusting his sword out and jerking it into a fast move to hurry up and walk. He obeyed to walk fast despite in pain and grunting and groaning softly. He walked out and took the stairs down as indicated by memory hitting him including muscles whining in pain from the poisoned status. Tom went down the stairs in a fast move despite his poisoned body whining in pain he grimacing fully till he reached the bottom of the stairs. Tom found the Mesan’s Curse’s two guards there at the doorway thrusting out their swords towards him into a gesture he recognized was respect. He exhaled a breath and without a word gave the familiar salute of his hand onto his chest and entered the room forcing himself to walk normally despite in pain. He forced himself to not to grimace from memory of that fully involving himself whipped onto the back when he was seen in pain by the castle’s inhabitants. Tom found the room contained a gathering of various Humans with golden like eyes and fish like finny ears instead of Human ears sitting around facing a golden chair. He sighed from memory of himself going to sit into the chair obeyed despite finding relief in sitting down. Tom found the Humans were in a semi circle surrounding smaller Humans he assumed were children that hissed something to him. 
The hissing took him automatically to get “Tell us a story now Tommy boy!”
Tom frowned hearing the hissing sounded firm like they were expecting him to obey which he found himself compelled to speak figured he’ll let the Meritanians manipulate him to speak his story which he obeyed. Tom found himself speaking a story via hissing language of Americanian like he was fluent and noticed the Humans with fin ears were making some come gesture towards him speaking the story. He noticed other fin eared Humans the adults weren’t making that gesture at all instead were glaring at him like they expected him to do something despite the offsprings still making that come gesture. Tom ignored that come gesture as if recalling it was feeding vampire method for the Hayu species’ offsprings to feed. He felt annoyance take hold when he noticed the adult Hayu as they called themselves were sensed angry about something and seemed furious to him making him cut off his hissing story involving an assassin named Mindbender.
Tom hissed out despite the children begging him “Continue telling us the story!” he spoke “What the depths have gotten you Hayu to throw a hissy fit now?”
He glared and ignored the children’s begging to find the adults looked nervous to him as he folded his arms. 
Tom found the children in response getting up and walking away some heard saying “He’s boring.”
He glared in response as the offsprings went to a Mesan’s Curse guard and started pestering him “Tell us a story!”
The guard Tom saw held up his hands into a surrender gesture and shook his head in a no gesture twin to a Human. Tom glared in response and got up from the chair only to find his legs wouldn’t hold him. He collapsed onto the floor onto his knees groaning loudly.
“Humph!” Tom heard from the Hayu adults sounding annoyed.
He glared with annoyance running through him as he hissed “Shouldn’t you be telling the children stories yourself instead of depending onto me doing that job?”
He formed a glare and got the Hayu adults looking nervous followed by hearing whizzing sounds as the adults went to their children grabbing them into lock holds attached to their legs with fear sensed. Tom glared in response as he found his arms grabbed by the familiar Akylah twin males who appeared with whining squeal sounds. He glared in response as the Akylahs hauled him with his feet stumbling out of the room out of the castle to outside into the rain that was falling softly. Tom glared in response at the Akylahs as he was hauled to a pole in the courtyard of the castle and wrists cuffed to it followed by feeling his shirt yanked up to bare his back. 
Tom hissed in response “Whipping me?! Is that your answer to my rebellion?!”
He found no one answered him in response as he grunted from a feel of a whip hitting his back awkwardly like someone was holding it and kept on striking him repeatedly. 
Tom grunted out hissing loudly “No wonder my predecessor decided to off himself with me in his place!”
He grunted as he felt the whip quit hitting his back followed a hand pulling his head sideways and found himself facing a Mesan’s Curse with barrel shaped mask on.
The Mesan’s Curse was heard speaking in hissing Americanian “What did you say?”
Tom spat onto the Mesan’s Curse in response and repeated his words sounding firm and spitting blood into the Mesan’s Curse’s face. He ignored the Mesan’s Curse’s hand’s fingernails felt like digging into his chin as he said his words while spitting out blood. Tom grunted in response as the Mesan’s Curse without a word removed his hand and his form walking away with disgust sounded from the Mesan’s Curse giving off that noise. Tom grunted as he again felt his top raised up followed by again whipped. He found his whipping seemed to belong to someone else that was whipping him better instead of the amateur before. 
Tom grunted in response and hissed out “So I’m nothing but a toy for you to play with whipping and amusing Hayu with stories feeding their children nourishment?!”
He heard an angry roar sounding of a Mesan’s Curse that seemed angry to him from behind followed by the whipping hitting his back that seemed erratic to him. Tom grunted and recalled his Berserker’s side found his poisoned status kept it away despite trying to willing it forwards. He grunted as he felt the whipping continued to hit his back over and over to his disgust till he felt blood leaking from the area making his back whine in pain. Tom found his knees hit in the process of the whipping making him dangle from the pole with his hands cuffed above him. 
He grunted out hissing “Don’t have a hissy fit about what I said!”
Tom heard a horn noise interrupting the whipping to hear “Oh blast that bastard his timing is not proper!”
Tom frowned hearing that wording from the Mesan’s Curse behind him to find the male back in sight snarling loudly “You’ll pay for this Tommy boy!”
Tom gave up a spit sound in response and adjusted his position to stand while finding his legs were still weak. He eyed the Mesan’s Curse who without a word walked away going into an arch of the castle that gave up a light show. 
He heard groaning from people around him including “Never around to give an explanation to what’s happening around here.”
Tom frowned but didn’t comment a response instead eyed the castle gate to find the drawbridge was down followed by the metallic gate opening to show a group of riders via horseback wearing black clothes with silver armored masks of sun entering the castle. Tom gave them a glare despite sensing they could see him hand cuffed. He glared with anger instead of feeling the emotion of fear hitting him. Tom kept the glare and adjusted his position to stand leaning against the pole while waiting for the riders to dismount from their horses. He found five riders making a line towards him while one was seen still on horse galloping up towards him and halted the horse once an arm length away. Tom glared in response and kept the glare waiting for the rider to dismount his horse. He glared and found the rider instead of dismounting his horse jabbing a finger towards him into some shooing gesture to his disgust. Tom kept the glare as five of the males in a line went to him taking off the cuffs from the pole but kept it around his wrists and hauled him towards the rider on horse. He found the rider on horse leaned down grabbing his hair short and appeared to be studying him. Tom gave up a spit of blood in response and didn’t protest as the hand felt onto his head seemed to tighten its grip onto his hair forcing his head up towards the sky. He eyed the sky to find a grey moon in the sky that looked like a machine from the looks of it as he shifted eyes to glare at the masked rider. The rider in response shook his head in a Human yes gesture confusing him but he recalled fully that his cloned double was always scared when confronted by this masked rider including avoiding having his eyes eyeing the male. Tom kept the glare in response and didn’t comment a response as the rider thrust out a knife towards his face. He ignored the knife realizing that his face wasn’t cut of a scar to his annoyance. Tom kept his eyes onto the masked rider in response that thrust the knife onto his face making a cut mark. He spat blood in response to that cutting and felt the pain was better than his pained back. Tom spat in response and didn’t protest as the masked rider put away his knife after wiping the blood onto his shirt. He glared in response and waited as the masked rider in response let go of his head and put hands onto the mouth area of the mask and appeared to be making a howling gesture. 
Tom heard nothing in response to that howling gesture instead heard a familiar sound followed by hearing “What’s so special for you to call me here?”
He recognized the voice as the Mesan’s Curse who whipped him as the masked rider appeared to make a come gesture towards someone else behind him. Tom got thrust aside sideways and kept the glare fisting his hands as he found the Mesan’s Curse coming into view with disgust sounding from the male. Tom glared in response with anger hitting him. He spat out blood at the Mesan’s Curse’s feet finding the Mesan’s Curse’s response was sound of disgust. Tom didn’t say a word in response only to find the masked rider grabbing Mesan’s Curse’s head appearing to grip the masked barrel part in a tight move while hearing faint groaning noises of pain from the Mesan’s Curse. He glared in response and waited as Mesan’s Curse kept on the groaning followed by hearing the male hissing in admittance the source of the order to whipping Tom he heard referred as Sun Lord to his disgust. 
Tom glared in response and waited as Mesan’s Curse grunted out hissing “Don’t yell in my ear master! He said something of taking someone’s place to suffer this person’s sorry status!”
Tom found the Mesan’s Curse in response spoke “He said that joke I thought was a joke actually and not truth from what you saw from eyeing him in the eyes!”
Tom glared and found Mesan’s Curse in response groaning once freed from the masked rider’s hand’s grip who rubbed the top of barrel mask in pain. Tom kept the glare eyeing Mesan’s Curse who without a word groaning loudly walked away appearing to go into a castle’s arch disappearing into a light show. He heard snickering like laughter of the Meritanians sounding into his mind that sounded alien to Walls and Kiddy’s laughter noises.
Tom snarled hissing “Meritanians did a joke from the noise of them.”
He found the masked rider in response folding his arms and appeared to look disgusted despite face covered. Tom glared at the masked rider who made a shooing gesture and found himself led away from the male as he found himself led to the brig into the dungeons of the castle. Tom found relief hitting him once freed from handcuffs and hand holds of the guards to get thrust into the jail cell which he collapsed his body onto the floor feeling relieved to lie down. Tom exhaled a breath and laid down feeling himself urged to sleep which he obeyed passed out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling water pouring over his face he feeling his body’s aches no longer paining him too much but stiffness felt. He found two of the masked rider’s guards were in the cell with him one pouring a bucket of water over his head. He woke up and made a motion to get up only to get forced to kneel by a guard as he found the familiar masked rider male standing outside the jail cell with arms folded and looking annoyed by the behavior. 
Tom heard snickering like laughter from the Meritanians snarled “Meritanians doing another damn joke again. Bet you that their responsible for this joke done onto me and you yourself.” 
He formed a glare and got back handed on the back of the head to his disgust as he heard “Silence! No talking unless the King orders you to do it!”
Tom found the voice seemed mental sounding into his mind including finding his Berserker side in control flexed a covered gloved hand towards the masked rider with arms folded. He kept the flexing till one of the guards yanked his hand down to his annoyance. Tom glared with eyes narrowed despite his Berserker side in control involving his fanged teeth and extended jaw sticking out of his face including armored shoulders that were felt shredding the clothes he was wearing. Tom glared in response and waited for the masked rider the King to speak. 
He heard a sound of disgust sounding into his mind followed by hearing “What do you have to say in response to this joke Tank, Merra?”
Tom kept his mouth shut and kept his mind blank in response as he heard sounding into his mind “You’re boring when there’s nothing happening to amuse people.”
He exhaled a breath through his fanged teeth hearing Tank’s familiar voice to figure that the Meritanians were stuck as spider plants into the ceiling hence he hearing them and not seeing them around. He again heard snickering like laughter from the Meritanians again rubbed a hand over his eyes while rolling them feeling disgust taking hold. Tom found his hand yanked from his face to force behind his back and handcuffed. He found his body better strength to follow the King out of the dungeon despite guards roughhoused with their handling. He ignored the guards’ handling him and kept his eyes onto the King’s back who led the way with guards behind. Tom glared and didn’t say a word in response as the guards and King led the way to the courtyard followed by he forced onto a horse and freed from the cuffs. Tom frowned as he found his Berserker side still in control to find the horse wasn’t spooked by that side by one guard holding onto the reins. He gave the King a glare and folded his arms with annoyance running through him. Tom didn’t say a word as the King made a shooing gesture followed by a guard handing him the reins and he felt the horse take off running as if slapped onto the rump. Tom found the horse took off out of the castle and appeared to be following a path on the edge of a cliff over a roaring sea as he held the reins. He found his memories of controlling horses coming to his mind willed aside his Berserker only to feel pain into his back of something hitting the area. Tom found himself slumped over the horse and struggled to keep himself onto the horse despite falling off followed by landing onto the grassed ground. He groaned from the pain of his back and rolled around to crawl onto the ground finding the horse had stopped its running. The horse he saw was nearby eating from the grass as if amused with the stunt played by the snickering noises it gave. Tom groaned and crawled himself towards the horse only to meet a pair of feet blocking his way. 
He heard the horse neigh in some angry toned voice which he hissed out “What do you want now?”
Tom found a hand gloved grabbed his hair and forced his head up towards the feet’s owner. He found the owner belonged to a female form clad in crude leather clothes of brown with a brown mask from the looks of it including eyes peering out giving him a glare. 
Tom glared in response and hissed “Something I can do for you? I’m rather busy now.”
He glared and found the female without a word thrust his head down into the dirt as if punishing him followed by he raising his head spitting out dirty mud. Tom found the female in response got onto the horse and road away leaving him crawling onto the ground. He grunted from the pain into his back that felt more paining to him. 
Tom crawled himself away from the cliff despite thinking to himself “Throwing oneself over the cliff into the ocean isn’t an answer to everything painful hitting oneself.”
He kept on crawling hearing a neigh of a horse sounding nearby and raised he to peer via tall grass. Tom found a rider less horse running into his direction which he forced himself to kneel and waited as the gonoid reached him and halted. Tom without a word grabbed the horse’s reins and got himself with effort onto the horse’s back. He sighed from the horse sensed accepting him onto its back as he groaned loudly from the pain into his back making its presence known. Tom grunted and eyed the castle finding it within arrow’s distance to figure that an arrow hit his back on orders of the King. He gave the castle a fist gesture and a glare and without a word urged the horse obeying away from the castle. Tom found a horse path on the way of following the cliff overhanging the ocean. He took the horse’s path despite finding it going into a forest jungle that had howling noises of gonoids that sounded like the howler gonoid Wolf to him. Tom grunted in response to the noises and sensed the horse seemed nervous going through the forest. 
He urged the horse to follow the path and willed forwards his Berserker in control thinking to himself “Screw the High Council and their orders on displaying this ability in control.”
Tom found the horse accepted him having the Berserker in control and seemed braver by him calm on top of it. He road the horse through the forest till they reached a clearing to show a figure wearing brown crude clothes all over the form into a female form with a barrel shaped mask of crude brown blocking the way. Tom glared in response willing aside his Berserker finding the horse giving off annoyance noises. 
He spoke loudly hissing “What language and spare me that trap your about to sprung onto me?!”
He glared at the female to find her throwing her spear onto the ground with hands onto her hips looking like she was annoyed to his words. He glared in response and didn’t say another word as the female added a howling noise followed by joined by multiple females wearing twin clothing coming into view via bushes. Tom felt the horse seemed nervous underneath him kept his calm and force the gonoid to be calm. He kept the glare and eyed the female howler who jabbed a finger in his direction and made a fist gesture he recognized was Human speak for some insulting middle finger method. Tom glared in response and found the females in response to his glare walking off into the forest ignoring him and leaving him alone. 
Tom hissed out “What’s wrong with being assertive anyway?!”
He heard another howling noise to find the females again back into view surrounding him and his nervous horse. Tom glared in response at each female which two grabbed his horse’s bridle and forced the gonoid to a cluster of bushes despite he sitting on it. 
He folded his arms and gave up a sound of disgust loudly including hissing “What’s going on with the stinking Meritanians and their jokes?!”
Tom heard nothing in response as the females got his horse through the bushes through the forest seemingly lengthy taking a path he noticed seemed to make people confused. Tom noticed the path was all over the place and found the females were trying to hide their way to their campground he assumed they were leading him to. He glared and didn’t say a word in response as the females had an enough of that endless useless leading got him into their camp. Tom saw their campground was surrounding a stone cottage with straw on top of it as its roof. He frowned as the female leader howled some noises sounding urgent to him. Tom frowned as the door to the cottage opened followed by a female clad in colorful red dress with a red scarf on top of her head came out he saw she appeared to look twin to Rana from her face.
Rana’s twin saw him and gave him a glare and spoke hissing “Get yourself off your horse now and get into my cottage for that injury to your back with that arrow sticking there.”
Tom obeyed despite sensing Rana’s twin was a clone of Georgina Visser. He found Georgina he referred her without a word made signed gestures towards the females in crude brown as stood next to the horse. Tom found two of the females in response took his arms and made a jerking movement with their hands onto it and appeared to be helping him towards the cottage. Tom frowned but didn’t protest as the females got him inside the cottage he saw had various herbs hanging from the ceiling including a fireplace with a fire roaring away and a bed of straw off the corner. Tom frowned as the females got him to sit onto the bed and heard Georgina hissing out orders towards the females like she was their leader involving healing patients. Tom soon found himself freed of the arrow stuck into his back and forced to lie down onto his stomach as the females left the cottage leaving him alone with Georgina felt putting some grounded herbs onto his back’s wound. 
Tom heard Georgina hiss “So explain to me your new attitude now, Tommy boy?”
Tom hissed out in response “The name is Tom not Tommy boy!”
He shifted to glare at Georgina who spoke “Tom, you’re never this assertive from knowing you whenever King George sends you out from the castle out of his disgust of your presence bothering him.”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “You won’t believe me if I tell you anyway.”
Tom resumed lying onto his stomach only to hear “Then tell me anyway since George managed to cut your face looking twin to a High Council servant named Mindbender despite knowing you’re a clone of him.”
Tom shifted to eye Georgina in response finding her instead of her glare giving him a frown with a pleading expression onto her face. Groaning Tom spoke his story involving himself known as Mindbender dumped into a volcano followed by a piece of his attitude’s soul dumped into the body of Tommy boy who was disappeared to the world lying in his bed of a poisoned status hence his attitude change. 
He resumed lying onto his stomach once his tale was done and heard from Georgina in response “Anything else Tom?”
Tom spoke in response “Don’t ask me whose idea was for this joke to happen. I figured the Meritanians are bored with their life that they stirred up this assertive Tom in place hence me acting like this.”
He felt Georgina grab his hair from behind followed by forced to turn around onto his side and found her giving him a glare of anger with eyes golden. 
Tom spoke recognizing the golden eyed glare was twin to Barry’s “Confess your crime” glare “Alright! Maybe this assertive Tom isn’t the Meritanians doing it but myself doing it!”
He formed a glare and removed Georgina’s hand from his head finding her hand gripping his hand in response and appeared to want to read his palm. 
Tom ignored her glare and allowed Georgina to run a finger onto his palm he spoke in response “Shouldn’t people learn to be assertive or what?”
He found Georgina in response thrusting him onto his back followed by freeing his hand and straddling him and kissed him onto the lips. Tom felt nothing of metallic thrusting blocking the way as she kissed him onto the lips. He kissed back in response and didn’t protest as Georgina’s hands were felt running up and down his muscular abs and chest. Tom recalled the mating with Victoria being nothing but a sexual dead end made no move to initiate the ritual. He found Georgina in response managed to free his sensitive part from his pants and gripped his private while breaking off the kiss. Tom laid there staring at Georgina with a frown as she ran her hands onto his sensitive part appearing to be exploring it but making no move to get his private inside her. 
He frowned but spoke firmly “What do you want from me despite this ritual?”
He gave her a glare and found his sexual urges not activating from Georgina’s hands onto his sensitive part as she in response spoke “Just too long since I’ve kissed a male and felt his private into my hands. I’m spoken for when it comes to mating further than kissing and touching.”
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “Interesting so you noticed this odd status involving sexual parts activating when in presence of a destined fated mate?”
He eyed Georgina who without a word gave up a loud groan and put his sensitive part into his pants he rearranging himself followed by her getting up and hissing “Just sleep since you of all the people on this planet seemed to know what’s that destined fated mate status means.”
Tom frowned but found her giving him a golden eyed glare and making a sleep gesture by signed language in Human’s deaf sign. He obeyed to shut his eyes to feel a blanket covering his form including a bit of an eye wear mask covering his eyes which he passed out unconscious.

 	Tom came to hearing a voice snarling “I’ll kill you myself for touching her!”
He jerked open his eyes to find himself still lying on Georgina’s bed but wasn’t alone with her as he saw a male he recognized as Nikolas clad in a skirt and nothing else on his form choking the female. Tom willed forwards the Berserker only to find Nikolas disappeared from his eyesight as if invisible and Georgina appeared to be choking visibly but clawing her throat for air. Groaning Tom willed aside the Berserker and got up from the bed only to meet Nikolas’s fist punching him into the forehead pushing him onto the bed into a sitting position to his annoyance. 
Tom grunted and gave Nikolas a glare of annoyance while hearing Georgina say “Help me!”
“Help you?” he heard from Nikolas who added snarling “Just don’t care and give a damn involving that!”
Tom got up only to get punched to sit again to his disgust. He opened his mouth to speak only to feel a hand clamped over the area that felt oddly like Poisoner’s hand to his annoyance. Tom frown eyeing Nikolas as the male thrust Georgina away from him as a male with Poisoner’s looks appeared into view thrusting a foot onto the male’s front in a karate limber move. 
Tom mentally spoke in response as Nikolas and Poisoner had a fist fight “What am I supposed to do besides watching this?!”
Tom found an answer to his question as he found himself thrust backwards to find himself sitting in a stone chair chained to it. He found a force field projection screen in front of him a bit arm length away showing not the fight between Nikolas and Poisoner but Rana giving him a glowing Compeller’s eyed glare. 
Tom frowned as he sat in his throne chair speaking loudly “What’s going on with this?”
He frowned as the projection showed a plant coming into view he recognized as Meritanian variety and got a scene flashing into the screen. Tom grimaced with recognition seeing the scene of an assassination he did to a victim a male. Tom eyed the scene seeing as he remembered the victim was pleading and begging for his life to live but he killed him anyway. 
Tom recalled as if compelled that he got the victim onto the floor paralysis to hear the male speak “Help me!”
He grimaced recalling himself saying in response via Berserker’s talk “I’m not going to help you but put you out of your misery. So die!”
Tom found the male displaying golden eyes followed by them turning all red colored as if leaking blood. 
He sighed as he remained seated onto his chair thinking to himself “This must be punishment for killing a victim that was whining to be helped which I’m paying the price.”’
Tom willed forwards the Berserker to thrust a clawed hand onto the air making a finger mark and then willed aside the ability. He found the plant outside the projection screen disappeared followed by hearing snickering like laughter that sounded sinister and bothered him. Tom groaned loudly and forced himself to sit in the chair marking the days he sat in there till seven days past followed by fed up with his trapped status.
Tom spoke “Help me if you care about me anyway!”
He found himself choked onto the neck by a hand and found something of fussy eyesight coming into view as he squinted to see. Tom heard snickering like sinister laughter followed by clawing the hand that felt like a clawed hand twin to Poisoner choking him on the neck that balked being removed.
Tom heard “I’ll have you into my kingdom in my servitude even if it’s the last thing I have to do to get you to serve me!”
Tom gulped hearing that voice’s commentary that sounded familiar to him in some hissing language of Americanian and found himself thrust backwards falling backwards. Tom found himself back into his body in control walking in an all white hallway with disgust felt within him. He found himself recalling a memory of the High Council ordering him to go to that apartment in a building in Rhineland and assassinating an annoyance god or Lance Richard’s servant to death for trashing the group publicity. Tom obeyed to go to the desired door finding he filmed from senses blaring in response. He thrust forwards the Berserker then with his mental abilities got the door sliding open and walked inside the apartment finding the victim a Lance Richard look alike was sitting at a dining table appearing to be eating food from the looks of it. Tom mentally spoke for the victim to fly towards his outstretched hand. He found the victim flipping himself into an acrobatic move to have feet first hit him. 
Tom willed aside the fly command and wound up mentally speaking “Victim down!”
He found the victim flattening himself onto the floor to hear the male speaking “Please, please I’ll do anything to live! Let me live please! Help me god!”
Tom felt disgust take hold mentally spoke in response recalling what he did via memory was assassinate the victim “You disgust me with your pleading.”
He walked away without another word leaving the victim alive and once in the hallway willed aside his Berserker and kept on walking forcing himself to walk away. Tom went to the entrance of the building in the city of Atlanta and walked outside into the sunlight. He felt no compulsion hitting him instead felt he choked by an invisible hand which he looked around at the people despite finding no one indicating them choking him invisibly via mental abilities. Tom frowned and willed forwards his Berserker to give off the shield command to find the people walking around him ignored him flaring that ability in control. He heard silence from the city in response to look around finding everything had frozen in place mid movement to his confusion as he again heard the snickering like sinister laughter. Tom thought of roaring but willed aside his Berserker and found the city remained frozen but his neck was gripped by a clawed hand he found via recognition belonged to Nikolas still wearing his near naked status of a skirt covering his privates. 
Tom gagged out “…What…you…want…?”
He got from Nikolas in response “You will serve me with undivided loyalties.”
Tom found his eyes forced shut to come to hearing a honking noises sounding furiously angry to him. He blinked his eyes from the sunlight’s glare to find himself in the street in front of a cab with driver a Kenibian cat like human giving him an angry look. Tom found the city back in motion obeyed to get out of the cab’s way as the driver drove away waving a fist out the window. He groaned and without a word kept on walking while eyeing the city with a frown finding the city’s area looked twin to Rhineland’s city of Atlanta but there were differences. He noticed various people walking by him kept giving him glares of anger to his annoyance. 
Tom stopped walking only to get pushed to walk including hearing “Move it you idiot!” commentary repeated onto him.
He formed a glare and without a word willed forwards the Berserker to flex clawed hands into the direction of whoever glared at him as he walked towards a building he recognized as the High Council’s home building in Rhineland. Tom reached the steps to pause seeing signs of someone else labeling the building instead of the High Council. Groaning he again got pushed to walk away from the building frowned allowing people to push him all over the place appearing to be a circle around the building.
Tom after being pushed snarled “Enough of the pushing! Just get to the point of this joke!”
He halted his walking only to get choked onto the neck again via invisible hands which he willed aside the Berserker to see Nikolas was the hand’s owner still choking him. 
Tom found his efforts to free his neck from Nikolas’s hand met failure which he spoke “Just get to the point of this joke your pulling onto me Nikolas!”
He heard from Nikolas in response “Nikolas isn’t my name. It’s Nightwalker and yes you’ll serve me period with undivided loyalties. No I won’t stop this joke till you do what I want is saying words of loyalty.”
Tom spoke “My loyalty is towards the High Council-“
Nightwalker he assumed was the male’s name interrupted “The High Council are nothing but a pathetic group of scared Humans who are terribly afraid of me God of Hell, Nightwalker, Assassin Lord and your master so say words of loyalty or else.”
Tom gulped and spoke “I’m not afraid of you!”
He gave Nightwalker a glare who choked him in response as he gagged for air followed by the male speaking “You will serve me or be trapped into this status you are now.”
Tom shook his head into a Human’s no gesture clamping his mouth shut as Nightwalker without a word forced his eyes shut and he found darkness arriving. Tom found himself floating via air he recognized as space going towards a planet he recognized as Terrania. Tom frowned as he went to the planet like a satellite beeping noises and focused onto an area of the planet as if drawn. He found his eyesight showed the High Council’s home in Kenibia dubbed Egyptia or Egypt by the Humans. Tom found there were voices sounding of an argument to him as he focused onto the words. He found himself back into his familiar chained chair watching a scene he saw was of via his eyesight. Tom saw Rana was pacing back and forth in front of his eyesight and appeared to be angry about something to his disgust. He felt his familiar feeling involving his sensitive part itch in response to Rana’s presence as he rubbed a hand onto the area while still seated into his chair. Tom found himself appearing to be lying onto the ground from the looks of it as Rana paced back and forth in and out of his eyesight. He looked around via eyesight to find his eyes focused onto a Meritanian plant in the ceiling as if compelled to focus. Tom heard snickering like laughter from the plant that sounded familiar to him via sinister tones. He gave the plant a glare of annoyance and found the projection scene stopped flaring that scene but another plant he saw was of either Walls or Kiddy.
“What’s going on anyway?” He asked the plant.
The plant in response thrust a plant frond through the shielded projection which he got up and gripped the plant’s frond only to hear “You’ll serve me or else, Tom Thunder!”
Tom heard the voice sounded twin to Nightwalker’s via voiced tone found he back onto his throne chair still chained. 
He groaned out “What’s so special about me serving you Nightwalker anyway?”
Tom heard nothing in answer to his question groaned as he eyed the scene to find Rana coming into view with a familiar red eyed glare of Nightwalker’s and forcing his eyes shut via hand. 
“Help me out of this stupid situation now!” Tom yelled at the blank screen.
He found nothing in answer to his wording instead spoke after a lengthy silence “Why should I serve you when my loyalty is towards the High Council?”
He heard snickering like laughter in response sounding of a Meritanian’s voiced tone. 
Tom spoke in response “Can’t you tell me what’s going on Meritanians?”
He heard nothing in response groaned and found the projection scene remained blank of blackness despite appearances of Meritanian plants coming into view back and forth. Sighing Tom spoke sounding bored in sarcasm voiced tone “I serve you Nightwalker with undivided loyalties.”
Tom found himself thrust out of the chair via someone pushing him followed by again gagged onto the throat including hearing “That tone isn’t appropriate!”
Tom recognized the voice as Nightwalker’s despite the fussy eyesight of unable to see clearly hitting him. 
He spoke firmly despite gagged “Fine…. I…will…serve…you…”
Tom heard a loud squawk sounding familiar as he spoke the words to hear from Nightwalker in response “Shut up Egypt with your noises.”
Tom frowned hearing Nightwalker’s comment as there was another squawk followed by hearing from Nightwalker in response “You’ll be called to servitude when I give the word, Tom Mindbender Thunder to serve me the Assassin Lord and God of Hell.”
Tom found darkness arriving to his eyesight followed by feeling nothing but pressure of a female’s body onto his front as if she was asleep. He found something covering his eyes as he removed the item finding it belonged to an eye wear mask. Tom frowned looking around finding himself in Georgina’s cabin from the looks of some daylight vision shined via a window. He eyed Georgina in response appeared to be asleep onto his front with his chest pillowing her head. Tom frowned and rubbed a hand onto Georgina’s arm including patting her onto the cheek. 
He found her waking up with a glare of annoyance as he spoke “Isn’t it morning time to get up?”
Tom got from Georgina in response as she got up from him and the bed “Damn it your right!”
He frowned but got up wincing when his body whined in pain from the poisoned status as he found himself groaning loudly. 
Tom got from Georgina in response thrusting him back onto the bed and her snarling “Just sleep since you’re still suffering from the effects of poison!”
Groaning Tom obeyed to sleep on and off despite throwing up his stomach’s contents over the side of Georgina’s bed into a bucket as ordered by her. He once he was sure he was finished throwing up by his body no longer whining in pain sighed and kept his eyes shut while wearing the eye wear mask. He found a hand slapping him onto the cheek along with the eye wear mask removed with force.
Tom glared in response as Georgina spoke “Get up and get out since you’re healed from your medical ailment! I can do nothing more for you! Go back to King George as he calls himself and use your attitude to force his assassin to not to poison you again!”
Tom groaned in response obeyed to get up finding himself no longer clad in clothes as Georgina point a finger at the door. 
He gave her a glare and spoke “What can I wear-“
“Get out!” he was interrupted by Georgina who flared her eyes golden of a Compeller and added talking Compeller’s gibberish.
Tom found himself compelled to walk out of the house onto a horse while still naked bare of no clothes. He found himself disgusted as the horse with a mind of its own went through the forest onto a path and appeared to balk his efforts to move the gonoid elsewhere. Tom willed forwards the Berserker and found his mental talk towards the horse to move elsewhere received balking and snickering from the gonoid to his disgust. Tom felt annoyance take hold willed aside his Berserker and thrust aside the reins while folding his arms. He didn’t protest as the horse took him back to the castle where he found the familiar King George a masked king standing in the courtyard with arms folded surrounded by guards all twin masks as he was. 
Tom spoke finding himself annoyed “What joke was this anyway?”
He gave King George a glare and waited as one of the guards gestured him to get off the horse which he found the gonoid balked his order. Tom frowned as the gonoid instead gave up bucking movements as if trying to thrust him off. He got off the horse and heard a furious whining sound from the gonoid and found it running off out of the castle. Tom formed a glare and fisted his hands while glaring at King George as guards grabbed his arms. He kept the glare and without a word got the guards’ hands’ holds off his arms via his combative art moves via muscle memory. Tom found himself drawn to a masked guard standing with sword out to go towards that male and found the male thrusting his sword onto him when he tried to fist. 
Tom willed forwards the Berserker and mentally spoke “Weapon to me.”
He found the masked guard flying towards him with weapon still in his hand as if appearing to stab him via gesture. 
Tom willed himself to calm as he cut the order then mentally spoke “Down!”
He found the masked guard hitting the ground as if obeying to his order followed by guards all around him acting panicky by going to the masked guard and appearing to try to shake the male awake. 
Tom realized with a start “Oh your King George!”
He folded his arms keeping the Berserker in control and gave the downed guard King George he assumed a glare who remained lying onto the ground. He found other guards turning towards him thrusting out their swords and forming a line towards him into some attack pose he recognized. Tom counted five guards with swords drawn that charged towards him with their weapons in front into a thrusting stabbing poses. 
He glared of annoyance and without a word mentally spoke “Down” five times finding his order hit home.
Tom found himself alone with the masked guard whose arms were folded as he gave the male a glare and waited with arms folded. He found the masked guard in response thrusting a finger towards him while sensing something from behind. Tom spun around catching the arrow via hands onto it and thrust the weapon onto the ground while still folding his arms with the Berserker in control. 
He mentally spoke in response “Mind reveal” towards the guard.
Tom found himself hit with a terrible headache that distracted him from focusing as he mentally cut the order including feeling a stinging pain onto his back that suspiciously felt like an arrow into the area. 
He mentally roared “Stop this joke now! Stop it! Just get to the point!”
Tom found himself passing out unconscious as a result in answer to his wordings.

Tom came to feeling a mouth kissing him onto the lips he felt nothing involving metallic thrusting instead just a feeling of rightness while kissing. He kissed back to find the kisser quit followed by forcing his eyes open via hand patting his cheek. Tom jerked open his eyes with annoyance running through him to find a female twin to Georgina clad in a brown crude leather dress was patting him on the cheek. He heard a loud ahem sound interrupting her patting followed by her darting off the bed and bowing. Tom shifted sitting up to find the familiar masked male was in the room with arms folded who jabbed a finger towards him into some thrusting movement.
Tom spoke finding himself annoyed “This damn joke better quit for I’m tired of it!”
“Joke what joke?” He heard into his mind in a familiar voice.
Tom recognized the voice as Nightwalker’s voice from the voice as he spoke “You want me to serve you just say so than playing this pathetic miserable scene of torturing me.”
He glared at the masked male as guards came into the room with whooshing sounds grabbed his arms and got him up from the bed towards the male to kneel in front of him.
Tom gave the male a glare and heard “You serve the High Council with undivided loyalties something you shouldn’t be doing.”
He spoke sounding firm “They give me a purpose to do to live despite I don’t have anything to do other than being tortured as amusement for people to play games with.”
Tom glared finding himself no longer angry but annoyed as he heard “Argh! You’re right on that talk!”
He found the masked male jabbing a finger towards him as he was thrust to a wall followed by a tapestry removed showing a mirror. He found himself looking at a male he saw wasn’t himself as Tom Thunder but with an appearance of Nightwalker’s looks in naked form with Tom Thunder’s scarring mark onto the face. He gulped seeing the appearance then realized why’s Nightwalker was insisting on having him serve the male because his appearance looked like Nightwalker’s himself.
Tom spoke sounding firm “Anything else you care to show me?”
He found the tapestry thrust into view then followed by resumed facing the masked male as he glared with annoyance running through him.
Tom heard into his mind “I’ve shown you what I can show you so tell me what you learned hmm?”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak only to find a hand clamped over his mouth that felt clawed twin to Poisoner the assassin. 
Tom heard “No voiced verbalize words.”
He groaned softly and mentally spoke in response despite his mind scanned via senses blaring it “I should stick for myself with being assertive.”
He formed a glare and found the masked male in response putting hands over his mouth’s area and appeared to be making a blow gesture as he heard “You get the lesson.”
Tom frown finding himself thrown backwards to land onto something soft as a bed while hearing a familiar meow sound making him annoyed to hear. He found a female body familiar straddling him including a hand patting his cheek. Tom jerked open his eyes to find Rana clad in her nurse’s uniform including Pumpkin via sling with paws thrusting out was onto his front. 
She giving him a golden eyed glare and she snarling “Get up now! I’ve done what I can to heal you of that medical ailment!”
Tom spoke in response feeling himself annoyed and not angry from Rana’s snarling voice tone “Just let me sleep! I’m tired!”
He thrust aside Rana off of him and rolled over shutting his eyes forcing himself to sleep.
Tom heard a loud Humph sound from Rana followed by hearing “About time Tom did this assertive behavior instead of being a wallflower.”
He ignored Rana’s commentary that sounded like she was prideful and shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep passing out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing a faint ringing noise becoming louder and louder to his ears’ annoyance. He found himself lying onto stone floor clad only into a bathrobe via his form and nothing else for coverage on his body. Tom woke up with a glare feeling he annoyed than angry as he got up and stood with arms folded. He ignored his familiar behavior to kneel while in present of the High Council as he stood with a glare at the group. He found the speaker had his head bowed as the High Council went into a discussion seemingly lengthy till the bald head Souler raised his head.
“Says you will serve us or else.” He heard from Speaker.
Tom spoke firmly “How many times must I give the words of loyalty towards the High Council in question despite saying them over and over?”
He gave the High Council a glare and got from the Speaker repeating his words which he spoke with sarcasm “You have my loyalty.”
Tom glared and waited as the High Council went into a discussion followed by the Speaker speaking “Says dump Mindbender into a body of water for him to swim off his angry mood.”
Tom heard snickering like laughter to find he dumped into King Winter’s iceberg kingdom from the looks of it. He swam among the icebergs while thrashing them away from him only to feel himself freezing cold abruptly. Tom kept on swimming to keep himself warm including thrusting icebergs away from him. He found himself dumped back into the High Council’s throne room still wet and clad into his familiar robe. Tom kneeled into his familiar kneeling pose finding his mood no longer bothering him.
“Says your words of loyalty now!” he heard from the speaker.
Tom made sure he eyed one of the High Council members and spoke firmly “You have my undivided loyalty.”
He gave the High Council member a glare and didn’t say another word as the speaker spoke “Says medical doctor take Mindbender back to where he can be attired properly.”
Tom got up finding Rana next to him that made his private ached from being in her presence. He wordlessly followed Rana out of the throne room to a cave hallway pass multiple curtained doorways till both reached medical bay. He found his private’s urges to doing sexual acts too much for him recalled Rana’s behavior onto him forcing himself onto her via memory. He grunted and without a word entered medical bay ignored by Rana who went to her desk appearing to be sitting at the chair ignoring him. Tom went to Rana and tapped her onto the shoulder she waved a hand away from him while picking up her book appearing to want to read.
He thrust aside his bathrobe and without a word grabbed Rana by the shoulders and snarled into her face despite her displaying golden eyes “I want to mate with you by how I’m feeling so give me medicine or anything for that since you’re not in the mood.”
Tom gave Rana a glare appeared to gulp but still displayed her golden eyes didn’t get a response from her as he proceeded to strip her of her clothes. Tom found her clothes considered pants and a top that was button down including a bathing suit like underwear underneath. He found himself unable to remove the bathing suit undergarment to give Rana a glare despite she kept on glaring at him.
Tom spoke firmly “Remove that thing off of you now, Rana!”
He gave Rana a glare as she obeyed despite still flaring golden eyes. He ignored her golden eyed glare and without a word towards her got her butt onto the desk and himself inside her. He thrust inside her feeling his sexual urges going away as he sighed and found nothing in response from Rana but a loud sigh sound from both receiving the sexual charges. Tom made sure to pull himself out before he could spill inside Rana. He didn’t protest as Rana without a word managed to get her mouth onto his sensitive part which he spilled his seed. Tom sighed once he was done with the mating forced Rana to stand and without a word got her to resume putting onto her clothes.
He spoke once she was fully clothed “Thank you Rana.”
Tom exhaled a breath finding her no longer displaying golden eyes as he without a word went to a bed and laid his form down shutting his eyes forcing himself to sleep despite tiredness hitting him passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling Pumpkin the cat sitting onto his front in a purring rumbling vibration. He exhaled a breath and forced himself to open both eyes eyeing Pumpkin despite nervousness hitting him. Tom gave Pumpkin a nervous look to find the cat in response licked his face with his rough tongue followed by arching his back and getting off of him to jump off the bed. He frowned finding himself not too nervous in Pumpkin’s presence as he found Rana in vicinity thrusting clothes onto his front as he sat up. 
Tom gripped the clothes as Rana spoke “Here something for you to wear.”
Sighing Tom obeyed to put on the clothes of bathing suit underwear loin clothe and his molded to his form jumpsuit both in black. He found Rana got his slip on shoes onto the bed as she ignored the cat sitting onto her desk into a tummy sitting position Tom noticed her watching him dress. He sighed and figured from Rana’s amused expression onto her face that she was ogling his muscular body. 
He ignored Rana’s ogling put on his shoes and spoke “Something I can do for you?”
Tom gave Rana a glare with arms folded and waited for her to reply followed by her jabbing a finger at the medical bay’s entrance and giving him a golden eyed glare. 
“Whatever.” Tom spoke loudly with sarcasm.
He obeyed to leave the medical bay to go to the High Council’s throne room to again find the group was in a discussion with Speaker’s head bowed. Tom entered the room and ignored his muscle memory involving kneeling instead remained standing with arms folded. He heard two familiar click noises to find behind him Rana with Pumpkin in a sling appeared into sight including Pave who both formed disgust onto their faces. 
Tom glared at the High Council in response and waited as the Speaker spoke “Says Mindbender your oath of loyalty.”
Tom spoke firmly “I already said that repeatedly at every damn meeting to your presence. I’m so sick of saying that over and over like you keep on forgetting. Stop it now!”
He kept the glare and waited as the speaker bowed his head followed by the High Council went into a discussion seemingly one at a time hand’s waving gesture. Tom glared with annoyance running through him as he waited for the High Council’s latest orders.
He didn’t have long to wait as the High Council flashed an airless projection screen showing himself walking into a hallway and forcing a door open with Berserker in control. Tom saw the camera view was appearing to be a floating drone from the looks of it followed him inside the apartment he saw. Tom saw himself managed to get the victim a male look alike to Lance Richard onto the floor then willed aside his Berserker and walking away without doing any assassination to the male. 
He kept the glare as the airless projection scene quit followed by the Speaker speaking “Says what does Mindbender have to say for balking an order we asked him to do?”
Tom glared and spoke firmly “The victim said the code words I wanted to hear from victims before I do anything hurtful to them.”
He heard “Says what code words were they?”
“Begging for help is what I wanted to hear from victims so I can avoid this damned addiction to doing assassinations to every victim you order me to do.” Tom spoke firmly while in a snarling tone he feeling himself annoyed.
He gave the High Council a glare while fisting his hands and didn’t comment a word as the Speaker kept his head bowed. 
Tom glared and got from the Speaker in response after raising his head “Says Healer take Mindbender out of our presences now since he’s got the message we want to give him.”
He exhaled a breath finding various High Council members behind the Speaker making throwing ball gestures towards the Souler in response like the male talked something he shouldn’t have said. Tom glared and without a word found Rana takes his arm unfolding his arms and pulling him out of the room he snarling a growling noise feeling his mood become bad again. 
Tom growled while hearing “Ugh! Damn the High Council!” from Pave behind him.
 He ignored Pave’s comment to find himself led to one of the caved quarters and order “Just practice your combative art moves since your upset.”
Tom found Rana’s hand off his arm obeyed to go into his practiced combative art Kata. He obeyed and went into the Kata finding his mood still bad as ever and still annoying him to be angry. 
Tom via recalling this memory spoke “I thought of screaming my head off via Berserker’s side in control but recalled myself fully killing a High Council group in doing that behavior.” 
He forced himself to practice karate’s combative art movements over and over including imagining he fighting someone with equal karate. 
“Some of that karate literally felt like I was fighting someone in combative arts moves that didn’t feel like Rana doing it to me. I think Pave or Triton got involved and started kicking my seat in response to my upset mood. He must have recognized that my karate wasn’t doing anything to calm me down hence I literally fighting someone via combative arts.” says Tom.
Tom via admittance said “Pave’s karate reminded me of Jinks Montreal’s karate from planet Shadan via how well Triton kicked my seat multiple times to knock me down. I kept on having to get up via acrobatic moves of trained karate to fight him over and over.”
Tom recalled kept on doing the karate over and over till he felt himself tired but still angry to keep on doing combative art till he felt him too tired to stand collapsed onto the floor and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.
“Nighty night Smarty!” he heard in his mind as he was put down asleep by the Meritanians to his disgust.

Tom sat on the bed in one of the High Council’s caved quarters relaying this story to Recorder while Pave was seated nearby on the floor appearing to be asleep but listening. Rana was seated next to Tom giving him playful swats onto his shoulder he kept ignoring her while relaying his story.
“You gang are wanted in the High Council’s throne room now!” as blared overheard by Walls.
Kiddy is heard snickering in response despite she hardly talks much while it’s Walls who does the talking of those two. 

Recorder and gang went to the High Council’s throne room via foot. Two of the gang went to stand, Pave and Rana with disgust seen on their faces, Tom kneeling as usual in his familiar pose and Recorder went to sit down in crossed legged position to record conversations in the room.

“Says you, Mindbender will strip your clothes and bare your back now!” as spoken by Souler speaker.
Recorder glanced up to notice Mindbender obeying despite Rana appearing to be scrutinizing the male via narrowed golden eyes. Recorder eyed Mindbender during glancing up to type to see he had markings of Highlander’s language script of this is the one onto his back including no tattletale mark of a clone. He’s original to the curiosity of Recorder despite Pave looking annoyed and angry via he rubbing his head and looking like he’s about to throw a tantrum. What an idiot. 

Recorder heard from speaker “Says Mindbender is to resume clothes now!”
Recorder glanced up to see Mindbender obey followed by he doing his familiar kneeling pose to the disgust of Rana forming that expression on her face. Pave looks like he’s about to throw a hissy fit from his growling noises heard. 
Recorder wound up saying “Ahem Triton! It’s no place for screaming in here!”
“Says transport Triton out now!” Recorder heard from speaker to find Pave disappearing into a light show. 
Recorder thinks to herself “I might as well ask Pave when’s he’s calmer to tell me what’s his problem that got him angry.”
Snickering like laughter hit Recorder at the moment she thought that thought to type this down as speaker heard speaking “Says dismissed medical doctor, Mindbender and Recorder.”
Recorder obeyed to leave.

Recorder wound up with Mindbender and Rana in medical bay both ignoring her while they were doing some kiss faced ritual onto each other and seemed like they missed each other or something from kisses. Ugh. 
Recorder felt annoyance take hold seeing that kissed faced ritual mentally spoke in response “What caused Triton to throw a hissy fit anyway?”
Recorder heard nothing in response to her question but figured to herself “I’ll ask Pave when I see him later.”
Snickering laughter sounded in Recorder’s mind along with hearing “Nighty night Smarty!”
Recorder felt herself put down asleep by the Meritanians so will type more when woken up later.
