I am original 
Edenia Series
By Beth Hoyer
Smashwords 2015

Prologue:
This is Nikolai’s story. The story is on a clone freed from containment and freed to speak his tales to whoever is listening. 
Someone asked this question “What do you, Nikolai, remember just prior to your arrival to planet Aire or whatever name it’s called now?”
This someone was a Meritanian dubbed Merra heard blaring in the minds of Nikolai and Recorder, who Nikolai spoke this story as recorded by Recorder, Victoria Montreal.

This is the typing of Victoria Montreal original to clones of herself on admittance “I’m still in love with Tom Mindbender Thunder.”
Tom sighed as Victoria held their son Nikolai in her arms. Their son was still a baby but he was bit old enough to start crawling. They sat gathered around a campfire with the others of the Soulers' family tribe. They were listening to Barry narrate the familiar story about the High Council and the tribe making a treaty agreement with them regardless of who's land it was. He eyed Nikolai who squirmed being held in his mother's arms to shift form into a wolf cub. He saw Nikolai get released by his Mother to go towards him seated next to his mate as he sighed again. He continued to hear Barry talk on towards others gathered around the campfire. Barry, he heard appeared to be ignoring Nikolai's restlessness. Nikolai got onto his lap and shifted form into a Human with golden eyes indicating of his mental abilities despite ability to change into a wolf. He recalled naming his son Nikolai after a favorite story. It was due to a fondness towards a Veronica Thomas’s story. He continued to listen to Barry kept up his talk despite having his hair fully white. He listened to the full story as always. He heard before spoken by Barry this time as leader of the tribe. Tom felt Nikolai sit on his lap which he wrapped an arm around his baby like form despite ability to change into a wolf cub for his mode of transportation. He rocked Nikolai gently as he could. He wound up sensing that Nikolai wanted to be rocked asleep by he telepathically giving him a snoring sound he heard in his mind. He continued to rock Nikolai asleep who yawned golden eyes blinking open and closed. He sensed him conk out by eyes shutting and form remaining still but breathing sensed. He sighed of relief hearing nothing from Nikolai telepathically. That suggested that he had conked out for awhile after nights of not wanting to sleep. He always telepathically indicates towards him every time of wanting to travel in the forest. His talk was focused onto as a wolf sniffing out lots of smells and seeing lots to see that the forest held. He continued to hold his son as he remained asleep. He seeing Victoria looking at him with a hint of smile on her face he loved her giving him. He smiled at her back as Barry ended the talk to feel Victoria wrap arms around him and their son, Nikolai. He felt her hug indicated that she loved him by her arms' grip around him. He sighed again to lean his head against Victoria as she did the same. He saw her eyeing their son in his arms. Tom sensed that Victoria was relieved that their son was finally sleeping. It was after nights of staying up late with wants to travel in the forest as a wolf. Tom sighed again feeling himself relieved that Nikolai was finally sleeping as the moon shined over head. He kept his hold on Nikolai tightly as Victoria kept her arms around him in a hug he didn't protest to that. 
Tom thought to himself as he continued to hold Nikolai “I hope my son’s future is a good one-”
“Tell us a story” as heard by the Recorder in the room sounding in Yana’s voice tone who interrupted the typing of the Recorder’s typing this scene down. 
“Yana sounded firm when she spoke her order” according to Recorder typing this down.
No one answered Yana’s order to speak the story instead Recorder noticed Yana was staring at Nikolai with an all black eyed glare like she was expecting him to speak his story. Nikolai, himself is a clone of three males, Jinks Montreal, Tom Mindbender Thunder and Nikolas Visser but original status of the three. Hence he who appeared to be lost in thought.
Recorder typing onto laptop heard Yana’s words “I order the computer tablet to record.”
Recorder ignored Yana’s talk and waited as Nikolai spoke the story in response to her wording. 
He spoke in response “Who am I anyway?”
Groaning was heard among the inhabitants of the room as Nikolai appeared to get a headache via grimace seen on his face. He appeared as compelled by the grimace seen and appeared to found his mind flooded with images in his mind. Meritanian’s snickering like laughter was heard in Recorder’s mind in Merra’s feminine voice tone. Nikolai appeared to exhale a breath and inhaled to speak the story in response to the order of Yana herself.
Nikolai spoke “I recalled I told this story to the High Council or religious order of the High Council while a prisoner of them.”
Nikolai went into the story he told the High Council saved onto another file in this laptop computer.

Nikolai’s Story as told to Recorder: 
Guardian found the scene stopping onto the travelers’ gate image and spoke his familiar lines “I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you on my scales on your life.”
The soul being judged had his soul taken from his body and put onto the scales to be judged.
Nikolai at the moment telling the story “I couldn’t tell what the soul looked like but only a moment of brightness. I couldn’t tell what the scale looked like either.”
Nikolai heard a feminine voice sounding of joy to him he later admits “Must be Egypt the Highlander Goddess of Life speaking that noise.”
The Guardian spoke “Life is chosen for you. Be gone now!” 
The Guardian held up his hands into circle around his lips and made a blow movement.
Nikolai admits “The hands I saw appeared twin to this Eric’s hands from the looks of it but I didn’t see anything else.”
Nikolai facing the Guardian got his form rising in the air rising out of the planet Humania towards multiple planets including passing by sun stars till a planet came into view. Nikolai saw the planet was Aire after seeing an image of it on the Recorder’s laptop via internet during a break of telling the tale. He went into Aire to focus as if drawn onto a male lying on a stone table with thunder and lightening flashing above while wearing clothed wrappings. The wrappings were covering his form entirely from head to foot that nothing was seen of his body. Only a male form and entered him like a possession then passed out unconscious. 
Nikolai adds “I didn’t realize it at the time but the body covering was I lying in the Soulers’ room of death waiting to be burned to death via eater fire onto me hence the wrappings. I recalled nothing in response to how I avoided the burning death done onto me when I had my own body and nearly executed myself despite balking on doing it to a clone of myself holding the Mindbender persona.”
It was Barry who spoke the answer in response “It was the Meritanians Tank and Merra who convinced the Souler Council to not to burn you to death. Merra later admitted to the idea of the High Council’s creation of you cloned via three males into one body all together. The Souler Council had to test you for that and found Merra was correct by historical documents in the High Council’s records saying she was the one responsible for that idea. Instead the plants told this excuse instead of admitting that they were responsible for your creation or keeping you alive.
They told the Souler Council “Just preserve the body into their room for preservation.” 
The Souler Council with reluctant did that but during the process of transporting your body as seen you woke up growling angrily like alive and well then resumed a sleeping status. The Soulers had to put you into a prison trap to contain you. You they put into their medical room to figure out what was really going on with that reaction. As a result the twins, doctors Kurpanov and Trevor mind scanned you and realized that you were poisoned but still alive in your mind. They gave you to the antidote to the poison as if knowing what it was. It turns out one of the Soulers gave you the poison in an attempt to kill you off despite thinking like a Freeloader as a cloned status was. Timer acting as an authority figure punished the Souler harshly including having that Souler suffered the poisoned status he gave you. It’s an eye for an eye injury actually. Anyway the Soulers once they retrieved you from death wound up putting you into a tube out of fears of you causing assassinations via mental abilities of the Berserker in control. They didn’t realize at the time that Edenia meant to make clones of Mindbender’s Berserker abilities be for living instead of causing death. Hence you Nikolai with no ability of mental orders to cause death via Berserker side in control. Edenia is still annoyed with the jokey status of a clone avoiding that status with another clone taking her price tag in response. Such as being blind temporary for as long as she determines that for giving death.”
Nikolai in response gave a loud Humph once Barry quit the talk to give him a familiar glare with a look “Confess your crime.” 
Nikolai didn’t say a word in response instead heard loudly “Argh you stinking Meritanian!”
Nikolai was heard, hissed a breath hearing Dalton’s wording to give Dalton a glare that ignored his glare and was glaring at Barry himself with all black eyes. Nikolai appeared to be annoyed with the storytelling instead had eyes shut with arms folded and a pained look onto his face. The Meritanians wound up were giving Nikolai another memory hence he grimacing in response according to Merra’s laughter sounding in Recorder’s mind. 
Nikolai admits after lengthy silence “I can’t tell what the soul part looked like or the Guardian of Life and Death looked like. The High Council via prodding of mind scanning me heavily couldn’t find an image in my mind of what either one looked like. Ugh. Hence they tried to mind rape me as a result.” 
Nikolai continued “I definitely heard a feminine voice was heard shrieking of joy followed by the soul resumed back into the soul’s body.”
Nikolai continued the story speaking “That was the story involving the tale of what I told the High Council despite their attempts to mind rape me which I wound up passing out unconscious as a result.”
Recorder recalled a clone’s mind rape via memory and groaned loudly. Nikolai in response ignored the groaning and continued the tale.

The soul wound up finding himself transported out of Egyptia via the feeling. The transportation involved flying out of Egyptia or Humania as the world should be called and flying in the rigors of space like a satellite. The soul wound up flying past planets some numerous and seen that appeared to be a blur. The soul wound up orbiting onto a planet that was mostly full of water with islands all over the place including winter’s kingdoms of ice and snow on the north poles and south poles. The soul eyed an island as if drawn to found the soul flying towards the island showing a rocky castle sitting on rocks surrounding by a harsh unforgiving sea. The soul eyed the castle as if drawn and didn’t think of a comment as there were chanting noises heard. 
The soul heard the chanting noises and frowned for the noises sounded of “Ay Kabaiya!”
There was thunder and lightening flashing above the castle that hit the topmost part of the castle like a rod of electricity and went into the castle. The soul kept on watching as if drawn to find the electricity led via rod into the castle and went into an opening of the room where there was a figure laying there wrapped in mummy wrapping of ropes. The figure was appearing to be a male and lay wrapped appearing to be dead to the world as the electricity from the rod entered the room and hit the figure. The figure darted into a sitting position and appeared to be arching its back like in pain. The soul found themselves entering the figure and felt pain for the first time. The soul entering the figure screamed out a cry of pain and anguish followed by hearing a faint noise that sounded familiar to his ears. The soul realized he was a male from the feel but kept on arching his back and feeling pain entering him via the back via something attached to the back area making him arch in response. He felt the pain quit followed by a faint roaring noise sounding into his head that was either his ears or his mind giving off that noises. The male didn’t realize what the noises was and continued to hear it followed by arching his back repeatedly. The male found the pain quit followed by a terrible urge to breathe obeyed despite not sure what the movement or motion was. The male wound up gulping in air as if compelled the air stank of seawater and smelled of seawater to him. The male heard jabbering voices sounding excited to him found himself no longer alone in the room where he was lying on a hard metal bed. The male frowned finding nothing coming to mind as to who he was in mind except a name Nikolai came to him. The male felt confusion to the name of Nikolai didn’t protest as hands were felt yanking away the wrapping of ropes around his form baring his form naked like a newborn baby. He didn’t know he was naked or bare of clothes as the hands were appearing to be gloved appearing to be belonged to figures wearing white hooded robes he later learned were of the High Council taking sanctuary into the castle that used to belong to the Drainers.
Nikolai spoke “I didn’t realize the High Council left the planet on an ultimatum of Edenia giving them. The servants of the High Council remaining planet bound managed to get banished to the castle with the Drainers kicked out to live on the abandoned Annoyov Barrack Station on one of the High Council’s useless islands fueled by a volcano as power source. The High Council servants had continued the work of the High Council group into some God status as them as monks of a religious order believing into the High Council as a god. The order of the High Council was including restoring manoids or clones as their called, who were declared disappeared by the Souler Council, back to life via methods of electrical lightening zapping their bodies via rod.” 

The male felt a familiar head pain like he knew it somewhere but didn’t know where it came from as he was lifted up and carried out of the room. Blackness was placed over his eyes he didn’t realize was a blindfold he didn’t see through it. The male felt confusion hitting him as the robed figures the remains of the Highlanders and hybrids of Highlanders and Humans called Elves left behind planet bound carried him through the castle. He didn’t realize he was in a castle as he was carried down steps to a room and dumped onto a bed with blindfold removed. The male found the robed figures leaving him into the room ignoring him opening his mouth he didn’t realize it and making grunting and gasping noises. The male felt confusion hitting him to why he was put into the room from where he was from. 
He sensed nothing coming to his mind except the word “Nikolai.” 
It sounded like a mantra in his mind including sounds that sounded familiar bringing him feelings he didn’t realize he had. The male in response smelled something stinky frowned what it was as liquid pooled around his body including solid stuff came out of him. He remained laying onto the bed as if needing to do not acknowledging the bathroom waste his body gave up. He ignored the smell and the liquids and solids pooling in a fast move till he felt like he had an enough of sitting swung his legs off the smooth bed. The male found his legs into his eyesight he didn’t realize what they were and stood up for the first time collapsing onto the floor same material as the bed. He again felt the pooling of liquid and solids dripping from his body he didn’t realized he went to the bathroom. The male heard a familiar sound sounded again that made him look in a direction towards the noises. He saw a wall he figured what it was opened swinging into the room showing a figure he grimaced seeing. The male grimaced grunting in response seeing the figure was clad in smooth clothing with a face of entirely no features and orbs of gold color where the eyes were. The orbed male as later identified as Hades was holding onto a rope where a figure or something four footed with furry skin was giving off noises and lunging towards him as the orbed male held him back via rope around his neck. 
“The furry creature was a dog a German Shepherd via memory of it” Says Nikolai. 
The male eyed the creature lunging with a range of emotions hitting him as if he was shock and didn’t realize it. 
He wound up opening his mouth and blurts a word shocking him “Shaw.”
The male felt confusion hitting him as the orbed male without a word pulled the lunging furry creature away out of the room shutting the door with a bang sound. The noise made the male grimace in response to the sound sounded too loud for his ears. He found the stink remained including the liquid and solids pooling around his legs and body to his annoyance. The male felt confusion hitting him to what the stuff was and found himself disgusted by its smell and touching onto his hands and arms. He remained sitting in the mess of the stuff followed by forcing himself to kneel. The male slumped down onto the floor again into a lying position like he had no strength to remain upright. The male found the pooling of liquid spurting from him including the solids stop along with a feeling of relief hitting him like he was glad this stopped. The male felt a compulsion to shut his eyes obeyed despite lying in his own mess. He found himself passing out unconscious as if drawn to do it. 

Nikolai at the moment paused from telling the tale appearing to be lost in thought despite throat clearing noises of Barry in a Jinks Montreal’s cloned form of Human black eyes and scar on the cheek heard making those noises. Nikolai appeared to not acknowledge the noises till a cat’s meow loudly was heard which he wound up further speaking his story.

Nikolai heard the familiar siren sound jerking his eyes open with a start finding he in a coffin from the looks of it. He recalled a male dubbing himself Anyan sneaking up behind him then pain in his back followed by nothingness. He sat up as the see through coffin's cover lifted itself up to find a male figure with an odd face coming into view with eyes that were sun colored making him grimace to see. Nikolai got out of the coffin finding the male with the night sky colored face and night sky colored clothes helping him out despite not asking him to. He felt an odd feeling hitting him as the male without a word got him to stand while keeping an arm around him. Nikolai felt his legs weak but obeyed to keep on walking finding the unnamed male was guiding him through a large vast room that had multiple coffins inside some empty some with bodies inside to his confusion. Nikolai didn't say a word as the stranger got him through a door way to hear a faint buzz noise behind him. 
He halted the male's walking to look finding a plant colored wall appearing looking see through to hear "It's the shield to the room." 
Nikolai frowned hearing the voice to find the stranger looking at him which he heard a guttural male voice appearing to be from the male "I'm no stranger. The name is Hades. Welcome to my realm of hell as called."
He frowned hearing the sarcasm of the male's voice tone frown realizing his name was Hades but kept his mouth shut as the male got him into a small room. Nikolai jerked as something like a wall slid shut followed by a falling sensation making him stiffen. 
Nikolai heard "It's just an elevator a machine that can transport people up and down in fast speed methods."
He frown hearing that from Hades to find the male escorting him into a stone hallway making him stiffen of memory for it looked like a dungeon to him. He found various plants in the hallway while feeling that odd sensation hitting him again. Hades got him into a room to find a male wearing all white colored clothing with the twin colored hair lying asleep inside. Nikolai frowned as Hades got him to kneel followed by darting out of the room appearing to be a jail cell in a fast speed move while slamming the door with a bang sound. He found the door's noises woke up the white colored male appearing to be an albino with Human blue eyes, who sat up staring at him with a frown on the male's face. Nikolai kept his mouth shut while eyeing the male warily to find him reaching out a hand towards his forehead making him stiffen. 
He stiffened from the odd feeling as the male was heard "I won't hurt you."
Nikolai frowned but didn't comment a response as the male reached out both hands and touched his forehead he jerked his eyes shut as pain arrived to his head. It felt like a Meritanian was mind scanning him at the time. He recalled fully as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Nikolai found himself coming to, holding a weapon, a sword while edging into a dark sinister forest with mouth in a teeth baring grin. He heard noises of someone running in the forest crashed after the figure to tackle a naked male onto the ground followed by swinging himself up and thrusting the sword at the male's neck. He saw the male was Anyan a Lance Richard, twin who was bare of clothes that held up both hands up in a surrender gesture. 
He glared at Anyan who spoke "Just be done with and kill me now, assassin."
He recalled why Anyan was bare of clothes was from a neighboring King, King George of Lions' bane had used his own daughter to charm the male into a mating ritual at the river he witnessed to his disgust. He recalled fully King George arrived to get Anyan to surrender his kingdom of Anya via written notice before ordering the male to get into the forest before the King set his men onto him to kill him. Nikolai eyed Anyan who quit the all black eyed look showing Human blue eyes with a look in them he recognized as if knowing what it was of pleading he felt sorry for. 
He put the sword away back into his scabbard 'I'm not going to kill you anyway. Besides I took down King George's men sent to kill you actually."
He found Anyan thrusting himself forwards knocking him onto the ground while hearing a whooshing sound of an arrow and heard a grunt sound from the male. Nikolai rolled them over to swing himself up while thrusting his sword in front of him to spot an archer on horseback joined by other archers he finding himself and his victim surrounded. He glared as two archers got their horses to step aside followed by a familiar male with a beard chuckling loudly while on horseback. 
Nikolai glared at the male his mind told him was King George who spoke "So the brother proves his loyalty to his own brother."
He heard the sarcasm of the King's voice tone gave off a low growling noise only to feel Anyan's hand onto his ankle which he bent down to place a hand onto the male's shoulder while resuming the glare aimed at King George.
King George he glared at spoke "I suggest you do what your brother told you to do which is kills him. So do it now."
He in response threw his sword towards the ground while kneeling facing King George and keeping a hand onto Anyan's shoulder him feeling the male gripping in a gentle grip in response. He kept the glare aimed at King George finding the archers going away and darting out of sight leaving him alone with the male along with an additional horse. 
He glared as King George spoke while dropping the reins of the horse without a rider on it "Your loyalty to your brother reminds me of my loyalty to my own brother. I'll keep you alive for that. You come upon the lands of this kingdom I won't hesitate to have you dead on sight. Don't come again."
Nikolai kept the glare as King George jabbed a finger in a direction off his left "There's a village dubbed Lancelot by the sea off in that direction. I have no attempts to take the village into my Kingdom. You'll find sanctuary there. Don't leave the village for anything."
He gave a head bob as King George without a further word road away via horse out of sight. Nikolai didn't say a word went to the horse eating a plant to yank it towards Anyan it not resisting to that. He found clothes folded into the bag tossed them to Anyan who took out the arrow showing a bleeding cut on the arm while grimacing before getting up to put on the clothes. Nikolai got onto the horse and held up a hand towards Anyan who showed Human blue eyes to him with trust in them he recognized. He didn't say a word as Anyan took his hand to grip it before letting go and got onto the horse behind him. Nikolai felt Anyan gripping him by the waist including head leaning against his back he sensing the male was upset but didn't comment a response towards him as he got the horse to gallop towards the village as pointed out by King George. Nikolai found the village easily by the sea that appeared to look like a poor village from the looks of how poor everything was made by the huts seen. He grunted once the horse reared up in front of a young woman seen but was dressed in some odd clothing. 
He didn't say a word as the young woman spoke sounding firm "Your kind isn't wanted here stranger."
Nikolai spoke firmly as if compelled via Meritanian he didn’t realize it back then "His name is Lance Richard. He's here to help out. I'm just his brother and caretaker."
He sensed Anyan quit the clinging to look at the female whose eyes widen of recognition in them followed by her speaking "The name is Jacinda. Welcome to Lancelot, Master and servant. I'll teach you what you need to know around here Sirs."
He got off the horse and got Anyan displaying his Master ability off the horse to find Jacinda going up towards the male and taking his hand. Nikolai followed while pulling the horse to find Jacinda taking them to a house appearing to be better made despite the huts not showing very many people around. He frowned as he got the horse tied to a tree next to the house as Jacinda and Anyan went inside the house shutting the door. He looked around to find villagers coming out of hiding some seen scared but staring at him with ranges of emotions on their faces. Nikolai sighed figuring from their expressions that they saw and heard what he said regarding Anyan to frown walking away from his horse to stand in the middle of the pathway. 
He eyed the villagers warily to sense someone behind him speaking something that sounded like "Forgive me, God for doing this awful thing."
Nikolai felt pain hitting his head indicated something hit the back of his head hard like a stone hit the area, followed by passing out unconscious.

Nikolai came to recall coming to feeling himself lying in a coffin to find a male he didn’t recognize holding his hand speaking "I'm sorry my son for doing this. It's to protect you from harm of the High Council and their manipulations. I oath to you that you'll get the acceptance you wanted. Forgive me, God, Lance Richard for this awful thing."
Nikolai spoke “From memory that male was appearing to look twin to Mindbender back then that knocked me out unconscious but I suspect it was an imaged scenario put into my mind by the Meritanians. Mostly some imaged dream for me to speak to the High Council when telling them stories.”
He found the male in response shutting a familiar coffin's lid shut and walking away as he found himself shutting his eyes passing out unconscious only to wake up hearing the familiar siren noises compelling him to wake up. 
Nikolai roared out a growling noise while speaking he didn’t realize he spoke the word "Father!"
Nikolai recalled “I think the male holding my hand via prodding of the High Council’s monks mind scanning me to be a male they recognized as Mindbender. I was confused back then to that name of Mindbender they named the male.” 
Nikolai recalled as if compelled further while he felt the albino male was still having his hands onto his forehead as he came to knock aside the male's hands with anger in his eyes. 
Nikolai glared at the male feeling hatred aimed at the male “I didn’t realize was Teorjer, trying to help me heal from my head injury to remember what I forgot.” 
The male spoke "You will forgive,-"
Nikolai interrupted "I won't! You can go to the depths now! I'm done being in this jail cell!"
He got up to storm towards the door to realize with a start that he didn't know how to open it to glare at the male while adding "Open the door or I'll cut you."
Nikolai pulled out his sword from his scabbard thrusting it aimed at the male and towards the door. He found the male refused to budge getting up instead remained kneeling. Nikolai darted towards the male only striking out his sword only to feel the odd sense again hitting him as the male disappeared in a puff of smoke in front of him. He looked around the room finding it empty and gave up a loud roaring noise in response to charge towards the door clawing it with his gloved hands. He found the door refused to budge opening as he continued to feel the familiar sense hitting him. Nikolai felt confusion hitting him on what the sense was as he looked behind him to find the male was back kneeling. Nikolai growled an angry sound and put away the sword into the scabbard and forced himself to kneel in front of the male while glaring at him who had eyes shut with a peaceful look on his face. He kept on glaring at the male seemingly lengthy who refused to budge from mediation he figured was what he was doing. Nikolai felt his mood plummet charged towards the male after getting up in a fast move only to find him disappearing in a puff of smoke. He gave up another roar of frustration. Nikolai charged towards the walls appearing to be stone that refused to crack underneath his fisting. He kicked and fisted the walls till he felt his anger simmered a bit to resume kneeling while facing the wall opposite from the door. Nikolai found the familiar male appearing with a puff of smoke he smelling nothing to indicate smoke to him to his annoyance. He glared at the male while angry and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate himself to calm mood that was slow arriving within him as he kept on recalling a betrayal he called it. “The betrayal was a male knocking me out unconscious from behind and locking me into a coffin instead of letting me live to help out Anyan with the villagers to my disgust” Said Nikolai.
Nikolai kept feeling his angry mood remained only to feel hands touching his forehead he compel to keep his hands to himself despite fisting them. He found the hands were soothing to him to calm down from his raging angry mood. Nikolai found he sad abruptly to burst into tears crying wailing sounds while wailing noises.
He heard himself speaking "Father, why did you have to do this to me?"
He found himself repeating his question over and over as he cried till he felt himself calm to recall during a bout of body guarding a King and his twin brother he eavesdropped.
The King told his twin brother once alone with him "I'll do what it takes to protect you even do anything. Even have you declared dead with your body someplace contained intact for you to wake up and live your own life with the acceptance you want. I don't want to see my own brother hurt suffering from rejection from people. The rejection is basis to why you were seen as an assassin. I refused to have that be a reason why you're rejected. I prefer you to be accepted with kindness and people's equal firmly."
Nikolai added “I recalled the twins as disciples of Lancelot and believers of Lance Richard.”
He from memory of the dungeon’s room exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak firmly "I forgive you."
Nikolai groaned to feel the male's hands off his forehead to hear an odd sound that sounded like approval to him. 
He frowned opening his eyes to find the male speaking "You may leave."
Nikolai heard the edge in the male's voice tone finding him eyeing him with a narrowed eyed look indicating of wanting something. He sighed and unbuckled his belt holding his sword and scabbard to hold it up towards the male in response. 
Nikolai frowned getting the male speaking "That's not what I want. Physical objects are useless to me."
He sighed and buckled his belt back onto himself and spoke firmly "My given name is Nikolai from what I remember. I've called myself that. I still refer myself by that name. I refused to accept being called anything else than that name of Nikolai."
Nikolai clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the male to find him speaking as he felt his familiar odd sense again "That odd sense is your mind being scanned by a mind walker like I am."
He exhaled a breath hearing the voice sounding in his mind appearing to be from the male who continued blaring "Mind walkers are mostly focused onto one humanoid species here on this world with exceptions of other humanoids having that ability. The species that has that ability is dubbed Highlander. I can't say if their twin species from your world in this world. I am dubbed Teorjer and I come from Edenia a moon world dubbed by that name. Edenia the moon world once you glimpsed in the night sky is where she is orbiting the planetary world of Aire. It is Edenia's word and law that rules Aire and no one else's."
Nikolai frowned finding Teorjer he assumed he'll refer him adding while speaking his words verbalized he forced to translate the words into his mind as if needing to do it.
He found himself understanding what Teorjer was speaking "This is the language the land nation your are in speaks. Its nation is dubbed by the name of Americania. The natives are ruled by a mute ruler whose title is Sun Lord. He used to rule the planetary world of Terrania entirely till Edenia sent him to here in Aire. The Sun Lord was revealed to be Terrania's planetary protector making the natives nervous of him something their not doing here in Aire. 
I told Terrania's natives in their presence after the Sun Lord was transported off via Meritanian means ‘The Sun Lord will only be ruler of Americania and no longer ruler of the planetary world.’
I did warn the natives ‘I will take back my words if they didn't treat His Majesty the Sun Lord properly as ruler of Americania.’ 
I also warned the natives ‘There must always be a nation of Americania to keep the peace in Terrania.’"
Nikolai frowned as Teorjer continued sounding him his mind "I did tell the natives ‘War isn't the answer but peace is.’ 
The natives are slow to get it the words of peace and are still thinking of war at the moment. I believe that the message will take awhile before the natives realize it. You may go now."
He got up as if compelled to walk out of the cell looking behind him to find the door shutting followed by Hades coming into view he feeling his familiar mind scanning sense activated again. Nikolai frowned finding an image of a large metallic object flashing in his mind with an eater light burning from a bowl part of it making him confused to seeing the object 
He spoke finding the image going away and Hades giving off a familiar sound of disgust in sound that seemed familiar he later learned was twin to a Highlander "You a mind walker as Teorjer dubs them?"
Nikolai eyed Hades who spoke he hearing via his mind "Yes but don't talk much about this publicity to people will you? I don't care to talk much about it. The mind walkers have questioned the natives with carefully worded questions who indicate that they won't accept people who have this ability as equals. Instead will outcast them to not have anything to do with them. Just don't, talk about this fact to people you hear?"
Nikolai spoke "Then what's with the eater burning in a bowl in my mind?"
He got from Hades who took his arm he not resisting as if compelled to bring him to the elevator to hear on the way "That eater burning in a bowl is of a cauldron a symbol of the Terrania Unity Games to bring peace among athletes to compete in sporting events. It's also the Meritanians' sentient mind walking plants' way of keeping mind walkers out of your mind despite you able to receive talk by hearing me."
He frowned but didn't protest as Hades cut the talk by giving up a growl sounding angry to him and found himself forced into the elevator with the male. He felt the sensation of going up shocking him making him cling to Hades by hands onto the male's arm holding his arm. He kept his clingy grip till the elevator was felt stopping with a jerk he finding a hallway with walls not looking of stone to him. Nikolai frowned following Hades out once the male released his arm and got his hands' grips off. He followed Hades down a hallway spotting doors having male and female figures with a humanoid appearance but had small eyes and points jutting from their ears seen he didn’t realize they were Highlanders. He found their hairs was always long shoulder length regardless of them male and female while wearing blue colored uniforms he assumed were they. Nikolai found Hades leading him to a door to find the pointed ear male opening it for him after rapping a fist onto it in code he figured from the number of knocks. Nikolai followed Hades inside seeing a male with brown colored skin while seated on something that was soft lengthy chair rubbing a hand appearing to look gloved onto his forehead before looking in his direction with eyes seen Human sun colored narrowing with suspicion in them. 
Nikolai spoke “I realized I was getting memories of an assassin named Mindbender into my mind to my confusion. I also was getting memories of this male named Eric who runs the Zesky Asylum as their Sun Lord as he preferred to be titled that. I wound up telling this story to the High Council who seemed amused to me telling them stories. I wasn’t sure why I was telling them stories till later is when I was told this.
‘Storytelling is considered nourishment among the Edenian natives something Edenia insists that the natives of Aire do among themselves’ as told by Tank blaring in my mind once on hearing him for the first time.”
Nikolai frowned adding during a break of storytelling “I’m wondering what the memory fully in my mind was?” 
Merra blaring in Nikolai’s mind always blaring into Recorder’s mind everywhere among Aire was heard spoke “Just keep on speaking the tale this time involving the name of Mindbender now.”
He obeyed to speak “Mindbender kept his mouth shut as he heard from Hades loudly verbalizing his words ‘This is Mindbender as he wishes to be called. I found him awake in the coffin room from a coffin. He's not the mute visitor we just saw. I'm not going to say why I was in there. I believe you know why you’re Majesty.’"

Nikolai paused from telling the tale to frown lost in thought as the group remained seated in the room in their seats and appeared to be staring at him unblinkingly. 
Nikolai heard throat clearing noises within the room to frown pausing from speaking the tale to speak “Who am I besides my name of Nikolai anyway? Despite cloned of Jinks Montreal, Tom Mindbender and Nikolas Visser? Who are those three anyway?”
He heard in response from Tank blaring from Barry speaking “Just keep on speaking the tale from what you remember now!”
Nikolai heard the firmness of the voice blaring into his mind obeyed to speak further of the story despite disgusted on not getting an answer to his question. 
Nikolai spoke “I was speaking a tale to the High Council on their orders.”
Nikolai wound up a glare with annoyance running through him the High Council still balking on answering his question of who he was despite confusion hitting him. He felt annoyance take hold as the servants hidden forms were felt grabbing his arms and yanking him out of the room to his disgust. 
He gave up “Who am I anyway?!”
Nikolai heard nothing in answer to his question as he was led away from the room. He recalled passing out unconscious from meeting Maureen only to wake up clad in nothing clothes wise in the presences of the High Council via their castle room. Nikolai felt annoyance take hold as the hands became rough into their handling him as he tried to pause from walking. He heard twin growling noises that sounded not too human to him and weren’t sounding of Highlander either. Nikolai frowned as the hands roughly got him further out of the room followed by a blindfold placed over his eyes and he lifted up in the air followed by carried in that manner. He felt himself carried in a fast flying speed move going all over the place followed by unceremoniously dumped onto a bed with a pillow and blanket felt. The blindfold remained covering his eyes as he heard a sound of a door slam bang in response as he remained sitting onto the bed. Nikolai yanked off the blindfold finding it was nothing but a strip of black cloth that was tied around his head. He threw aside the blindfold and naked remained seated onto the bed waiting while glancing at the door seemingly lengthy. 
Nikolai found the lights turning themselves off followed by hearing Maureen’s familiar voice “Good night son dear.”
He eyed the door finding nothing to indicate the lights off to his disgust. Nikolai forced himself to lie down onto the bed as if disgusted and found he unable to sleep. He remained lying onto the bed eyeing the ceiling to find a pink creature of shiny skin that looked oily with antennae head and a face of beady eyes with a beak for a mouth that was waving a clawed hand. He stared at the creature that waved a foot appearing to be booted at him while hearing growling from the thing that sounded threatening.

“What the depths was that thing anyway?” Nikolai heard blared cutting the story off.
Growling was heard in the room appearing to be from the ceiling according to the Recorder. 
Recorder noticed Nikolai looking up at the ceiling as she peeked to see a Tennan as their called a devolved Shadonian waving a clawed hand gesture “Don’t look!”
It was Barry who broke the silence “Nikolai, that thing as you rudely refer is a Tennan as she’s called on the ceiling. Don’t look at the Tennan. They don’t like being stared at when their on the ceilings of people’s rooms. Anywhere else like walls is when it’s acceptable to be stared at but not ceilings so quit looking and speak further of the tale now.”
Nikolai in response obeyed and quit looking to appeared to be focused onto Recorder’s laptop via Human’s eyes staring at the thing. 
Recorder recalls having a picture of her former clone’s tattoo of “V loves T” taped onto the back of the laptop. 
Recorder during Nikolai’s pausing from telling the tale types this thought down “Nikolai appears to be getting a memory of Tom Mindbender Thunder having a tattoo twin to the picture onto his shoulder. Just sad that Tom Mindbender Thunder was originally a clone that fell in love with Victoria Montreal or clone of her living among the Humans. The High Council didn’t trust the First Ones as they called Humans to not to harm Victoria. It happened after she or a clone was shot via childhood injury and had her clones live her outside among the world life while she remained sequestered among the High Council living in their Hall of One Thousand Voices-“ 
Nikolai continued the tale interrupting the Recorder typing this. 

Nikolai rolled over in response and eyed the statuette of the bird goddess of the High Council dubbed Egypt always in a standing position with wings down with a bottled shaped crown on her head always in a bird form. He sighed finding the statuette didn’t seem to be helping him figure out who he was to his mind. Instead Nikolai got up and went to the altar and kneeled in front of it forcing himself to mediate. He found his mediation helped him sleep found himself passing out unconscious to sleep while in a kneeling pose. 

Nikolai come to hearing the alarm blaring its noises followed by hearing “Good morning time to get up!”
He opened his eyes finding the lights were on and he was still in his kneeling position feeling much better rested but stiff from a dream into his mind. He found the door opening followed by hands clawed felt familiar, twin to clones of Tom Mindbender’s Berserker side, grabbing his arms and lifting him up into the air. He felt a blindfold placed over his eyes as he again was flown in the air along with dumped onto the stone floor of the High Council’s throne room. Nikolai removed the blindfold finding himself with the High Council seated on their seats of appearing to look like wood crowded on the dais with a stone chair holding a figure of entirely black robed and appearing to be wearing black gloves. He glared with annoyance taking hold within him as the figure on the stone chair as always pointed a finger aimed at him.
Nikolai got told “Speak the story.” 
It sounded into his mind bringing out the odd sense within him he mentally told “Say ‘Banshee away’ mentally and that Berserker side your displaying will go away.” 
Nikolai obeyed despite unable to feel himself via that side in control. He found his efforts to take a look at his hands despite sensing a change in them blocked by the blindfold placed over his eyes again. He put his hands behind his back and kneeled waiting impatiently for the blindfold to be removed. Nikolai found his patience rewarded with a growl the blindfold was removed followed by ordered to speak a story. He felt disgust take hold on speaking stories and still unable to know who he was. He spoke the story fully in mind of what he got into his mind via images put there by the High Council he assumed.
Nikolai during the storytelling heard a familiar sound sounding like a noise he blurted “Shaw!”
Nikolai via admittance “The sound he heard was of a dog’s barking sounding furious to him. He didn’t realize that the name of Shaw was the High Council’s assigned name to the dog serving the group controlled by a Highlander wearing the Hades suit he found out later.”
Nikolai felt himself annoyed with what he blurt as a result as he gave the High Council a glare of annoyance thinking to himself “Their not going to let me know who I am.”
He found his mind scanned during his thinking thought refrained from commenting anything further via voice. Nikolai glared at the High Council in response waiting for further storytelling orders. He didn’t have long to wait as the middle High Council member seated in the throne chair pointed a finger gloved in black aimed at him and spoke his familiar command within his mind. He peered at his hand he noticed was clawed and appeared to be twin to the Guardian of Life and Death he witnessed via his mind visiting Egyptia for his soul to be judged. Nikolai found a blindfold placed over his eyes when he tried further scrutinizing of his hands. He put his hands behind his back and found the blindfold removed followed by the familiar orders to speak a story. 
Nikolai heard blared in his mind shocking him “Say mentally ‘Banshee forwards’ and say mentally ‘die!’ while eyeing one of the High Council members for not answering your question” sounding in an angry voice tone belonging to one of the clones of Tom Mindbender aka Anger himself.
He obeyed to find a blindfold placed over his eyes while hearing faint growling noises that seemed familiar sounding of Mindbender’s clones’ Berserker sides in control, as he wave a hand clawed from the feel aimed at the High Council.
Nikolai placed his hands behind his back and got the blindfold removed he thinking to himself after mentally saying “Banshee away. Something involving my Berserker side is something the High Council don’t want me to know hence they desperate to blindfold me and keep me from looking. Argh!”
Nikolai again got images filling into his mind and found he speaking a story as if compelled after willing aside his odd side dubbed Berserker. 
He gave the High Council a glare of annoyance once done speaking the story and thought to himself “This is ridiculous their not going to let me know who I am anyway.”
Nikolai felt his mind scanned in the process of his thinking thought instead folded his arms and glared at the High Council waiting for further orders. He again got ordered to speak a story and again got images flooding his mind. He felt disgusted with his storytelling orders obeyed with a monotone disgusted voice tone of sarcasm. 
He felt a hand whack the back of his head along with hearing “That tone is not appropriate use a better tone now, Nikolai!” sounding of Anger in Tom Mindbender’s voice tone with anger in it.
Nikolai heard emphasize on the name of Nikolai frowned but didn’t comment a response instead changed his voice tone to serious and again spoke the story. 
Tom Mindbender aka a clone sent to die stood in the hallway only to frozen as his senses blared warning unexpectedly to hear blaring "Hit the men's room in a fast move and make it appear that you’re sick with throwing up now."
Tom frowned hearing Ramses' words obeyed to meet cops inside that spoke "Good here put this bullet proof vest on now. Principal triggered the police alarm indicating he has a problem at the moment."
Tom obeyed put the bullet proof vest on seeing widen eyes from the three cops while recalling he kept his plaid jacket on after removing his winter coat after arriving to the school. He buttoned up his plaid jacket and left the men's room wiping his mouth repeatedly with his sleeve as he reached the doorway leading to the hallway to the principal's office. 
Tom opened the door carrying his backpack to walk inside to hear "That's far enough freak."
He exhaled a breath as the principal came out of his office hands up while behind him was a male he recognized to be Don Ward from the high school’s football team holding a gun poking the principal's back who was grimacing fully. Don without a word thrust the gun onto the principal’s head that got knocked out unconscious sliding to the floor followed by firing the gun point blank range at Tom’s chest. Tom felt pain hitting his chest via heart area assumed it was the bullet proof vest reacting to him being shot. He continued to feel pain hitting the area as Don Ward kept on firing the gun including feeling pain onto his head followed by sleepiness hitting him.
Tom heard “Nighty night Smarty” sounding in his mind as he found the floor rising up to meet him and found he passing out unconscious. 

Nikolai cut himself off midway of speaking the story involving Tom Mindbender to the Recorder despite she seen grimacing. 
He spoke firmly “I recalled asking the High Council this question ‘I’m Tom Mindbender himself aren’t I?’”
Nikolai added “I gave the High Council a glare of annoyance to hear a sound of disgust followed by a hand whacking the back of my head in some firm move. I shifted around to glare with annoyance finding no one there but felt the hand continued to whack me. The hand twin to Tom Mindbender’s clawed hand appearing to be Anger doing it.”
Nikolai spoke added “Quit hitting me now!”
He twisted his form to face the High Council as the hand quit whacking him to his relief. He glared at the High Council with annoyance running through him as he heard blared in his mind “Your name is Nikolai and the memories your getting is a dedicated devoted servant of the High Council named Tom Mindbender. He’s currently serving the Souler Council while living in our former home. You aren’t him but an offspring of him actually.”
Nikolai paused from telling the tale and appeared to be recalling something bad via eyes shut and a grimace forming onto his face. Recorder found Barry pacing back and forth behind Nikolai and running hands through his long black hair like he was remembering something bad. 
Recorder heard snickering sounds of Merra sounding in her mind to figure to herself “Meritanians told a joke involving memories again.”
Recorder heard nothing in response from Merra to her thought but only heard as she typed this “Argh your stinking Meritanian!”
The voice sounded of Dalton to Recorder who looked up seeing her father was awake and running hands through his brown hair yanking at the strands. Dalton is the father of Victoria Montreal via donation in case you want to know. Recorder in response heard a loud Humph sounding off her left of Veronica Thomas’s voice tone despite Yana sitting in a wheelchair going around as Victoria Montreal herself in a persona as Veronica Thomas paired to Tom Thunder or clone of him. 
Recorder admits via typing into here “The Souler Council shared the High Council’s views towards Victoria Montreal. They made the originals of clones freed from the Hall of One Thousand Voices to remain contained out of sight from the public while clones of them were integrated into the public among natives of Aire. The High Council now Souler Council didn’t want anything serious like injury to happen to originals of clones hence they contained in prisons wherever they are planet side. Such as myself contained in Jinks Montreal or my Father’s clones’ residence with my Father Dalton himself. Barry is allowed to travel outside among the public but only within vicinity of the residence’s building for press conferences acting as the face of Jinks Montreal despite it public knowledge Jinks Montreal was cloned like any of the Humans on the planet was-“

Nikolai continued the tale interrupting Recorder’s typing thoughts. He heard a faint roaring noise sounding in the back of his mind along with hearing a faint snickering like laughter tone sounding of the Meritanians’ laughter noises. 
He heard the voice of the High Council’s cloned servant Anger speaking “Will that Berserker side of your away and continue speaking the story.”
Nikolai obeyed despite hearing the faint roaring noise and snickering into his mind getting louder and louder till he felt like he couldn’t hear anything via his ears or his voice. Nikolai found darkness arriving to his eyesight in response as he found himself no longer aware of anything all around him. He felt pain into his stomach as if something was yanked out followed by a feminine voice sounding of joy in some shrieking noise. Nikolai heard nothing else instead found himself hearing “Life is chosen for you. Be gone out of Egyptia to the world you’ve came from.”
He found something coming into his eyesight to find a familiar planet he recognized as Edenia and Humania orbiting planet Aire to hear a faint beeping noise. It sounded familiar like a satellite to him to his confusion. He frowned as he eyed planet Aire as if drawn to find the scene shift to indicate a camera view. He frowned as the recorder focused from orbiting Aire onto a part of the planet onto an island chain of islands thirteen in number in a circle. This was followed by focusing onto the middle to spot three Meritanians coming out of the water like roses unfurling their petals and shining of wetness in the sunlight. He frowned as there was something shiny in the direction he focused onto to realize it was a water ship of black and grey color that appeared to be sinister to him. It made him gulp despite not knowing he could gulp. Nikolai eyed the water ship sitting on top of the ocean and focused onto it as if drawn to find the land deck coming into view. He saw a white light flash showing a figure holding a naked male over his shoulder. The figure was male form with blue armored clothes that dumped the naked male onto the deck then disappeared into a light show. He eyed the male lying onto the deck to hear a faint siren sound. Nikolai eyed the male lying onto the deck of the warship to notice that he looked familiar to him. Nikolai saw that the male had a muscular form and was bare of clothes including had a face that was familiar to him including a body form of something shifting in and out back and forth.
He saw the face and thought to himself “The face is wrong to me like it doesn’t belong to the body.”
Nikolai frowned eyeing the male lying onto the deck as figures came into view. He saw two figures were muscular forms with a humanoid appearance but wearing black pants that wrapped around their ankles and feet like bandages. He frowned as two of the males picked the lying male up and dragged him into the warship via doorway entrance. He kept on watching as if compelled to follow while floating as the two males got the unconscious male onto a bed followed by another male wearing a doctor’s coat arrived. He frowned as the doctor he figured was the male clad in doctor’s coat and scrubs’ uniform appeared to be ordering the males around to do medical means to the unconscious male. Nikolai unable to hear what the doctor as assumed was the male was ordering or saying. Nikolai kept on watching as if compelled to hear nothing in response to his ears but that faint roaring noise and snickering like laughter. He felt confused to why he was hearing that roaring noise and snickering like laughter at the same time. Nikolai kept on watching as the doctor appeared to be acting like he was hearing something bad by the hand over his ear repeatedly over and over. This was followed by the doctor’s assistant, a nurse as assumed handed him a pair of earmuffs he wore. Nikolai frowned as he watched as the doctor wearing earmuffs proceeded to cut into the sides of the unconscious’s male’s neck underneath the ears. He frowned as he found the doctor cutting something in the area in both areas underneath the ears. Nikolai found the roaring and snickering like laughter noises quit as if compelled to his confusion. He heard silence as a result. 
Followed by hearing “Do we have a pulse?”
Nikolai found darkness arriving to his eyesight as he found himself lying in a bed with voices faintly talking. He felt something like an oxygen mask covering his mouth as he breathed deeply. Nikolai frowned as he heard voices speaking sounding like they were arguing to him. It confused him to his confusion to groan loudly while attempting to open his eyes. He found a blindfold placed over his eyes as a result as he found himself still lying in bed wearing chains onto his wrists. 
Nikolai spoke muffled talking by the oxygen mask “What’s going on?”
He heard nothing in answer to his question as he heard “Patient is lucid and conscious.”
Nikolai spoke voice still muffled “What’s going on with me anyway?”
He heard nothing in response but a throat clearing noise followed by a needle felt injected into his neck and found he passing out unconscious.

“The colony once full of life was silent. The compounds and towers by day were empty. But at night figures moved, like shadows dancing voices speaking alien. Crops were abandoned. The ground became bare, air was soon gone. The ground of the colony became dark rocky dirt and harsh with mountains. The natives gave it a new name and a new song sang in the colony-“
Nikolai realizing nothing involving his identity heard blared into his mind as he came from a sleeping status while hearing snickering like laughter of a Meritanian sounding into his mind. 
He groaned out “Just let me sleep some more you silly Meritanian.”
Nikolai heard a loud ahem sound as he attempted to roll over to sleep. He felt a hand onto his shoulder shaking him awake as he jerked open his eyes. He found his ears clear of the noises but felt the Berserker was still there in the back of his mind as he found himself freed of the noises. Nikolai rolled over to face the doctor’s assistant he recognized as a nurse despite the bare chest form who gave him a glare. 
He spoke “Nurse? What is it?” 
The nurse spoke “Nurse isn’t my name. You’re wanted up from bed. Doctor Kurpanov Kossman wants to see if you can walk yourself out to the Soulers on the land deck where their, to take you home to the Zesky Asylum. I heard.”
Nikolai groaned softly and forced himself to get up from the bed finding his legs still strong enough to hold him. He didn’t protest to nurse’s bare arm onto his shoulders holding him up and helping him walk out of the curtained area to outside. He paused when he heard thunder and lightening including rains falling in a fast move onto the warship seeing the doors open followed by heavy rain.
Nikolai spoke “Water? What it’ll do to me? What happened to my ears anyway?“
He was interrupted “Nothing actually involving water. But Doctor Kurpanov Kossman gave you a new procedure to help you hear again. He wants to know if that noises you gave is gone permanently by the water getting onto you. So get into the rain now.”
Nikolai groaned and didn’t protest as the nurse got him outside into the rainy weather he feeling the water was pelting his skin including nothing involving hurting his body to his relief. He heard nothing involving his noises into his mind or snickering laughter to find the nurse in response appeared to give up a loud Humph sound. 
He frowned as the nurse released him and spoke “Good luck, Tommy Nicky inky-”
“I hate the name of inky!” Nikolai was interrupted by Barry and Dalton speaking in unison.
Recorder cleared her throat and spoke “Inky is an insult name to Jinks so don’t mention it again, Nikolai.”
Nikolai appeared to hear her speaking her comment in response folded his arms and put his chin down onto his front and appeared to be lost in thought.
Recorder recalls via typing “The names of Tommy, Nicky and Inky were insulting names for Tom, Nikolas Visser and Jinks Montreal. Hence that nurse or Surrai as the species called themselves insulting Nikolai with that jokey insult.” 
Recorder noticed Barry had stopped pacing and was seated off Nikolai’s left with one of Father’s residence cats seated onto his shoulder and heard purring loudly. 
Barry from the looks of his face seemed disgusted followed by hearing “Alright already! Just tell the story now!” as blared by Barry with disgust in his voice tone.
Recorder eyed Nikolai with a black eyed glare of the Master as her Father calls that mental ability in control turning her Human blue eyes into entirely black aimed at the storyteller. Nikolai after a lengthy staring raised his head and continued the story. 

Nikolai frowned with confusion hearing the nurse’s words that without a word ran inside with the doors slamming shut in a bang sound behind the male as there was a loud siren sounding loudly. He found the rainstorm quit pelting him with water and stood in the rain waiting feeling confusion hitting him to why he was outside in the weather without any clothes on and any help getting off. Nikolai frown feeling confusion hitting him as there was a sound of a helicopter heard focused onto the sky clearing of clouds to show a helicopter flying in the air. He watched as the helicopter landed onto the deck of the warship followed by a Souler as assumed the male coming out that gestured towards him to get inside. He obeyed despite not having any choice to do it to find the Soulers inside buckling him up via straps and balking giving him any clothes for his privates. Nikolai sighed and focused out the window as if drawn to find the helicopter flying in the air going passed the warship that looked like a large navy vessel of the army from the looks of it. He frowned as there were three Meritanian plants in the ocean sitting in a row he didn’t realize that those three were Ramses, Erra and Terra despite the knowledge not in mind at the time. This was followed by an island chain in view then the ocean that seemed vast and lengthy to his annoyance. 
Nikolai kept on eyeing the ocean as if compelled hearing “I’m finding Orca fish flying out of the water I recognized as evolved Trigans, twin forms to Raisa, Merra’s daughter via Humanoid forms” he hearing that talk from a Souler triggering his Berserker side in control. 
He continued to hear “I recalled the Trigans that could shift forms into Orcas in the ocean and back to Humans in forms twin to Raisa via faces with black oily clothes and long black hair with white skins.” 
He frowned as he looked onto the horizon to spot a city into view via lighthouse and saw the familiar Zesky Asylum sea boat docked at the harbor of a vast metallic city he didn’t recognized but should have recognized as New York City. Nikolai grimaced as the helicopter landed onto the deck of the Zesky Asylum as assumed was the sea vessel followed by him forced out of the vehicle. He again smelled salt air and frowned when he found the Soulers escorting him managed to get him inside the Zesky Asylum into the sea boat he feeling himself guided to somewhere. He getting a memory into his mind which was where a brain was contained and where there were tubes of manoids contained. Nikolai found his curiosity quit to his relief to look with night vision in his eyesight of the color of purple with manoids appearing to be pink to his shock. He frowned as he was led to a tube holding a brain organ inside with wires jutting from the brain organ into machinery surrounding it. Nikolai frowned as he was brought to a green light belonging to one of the machinery attached to the brain and forced to stand with its light blaring into his eyes. 
He grimaced fully with annoyance fully into his mind as there were shrieking sounds of shock including hearing “How did that happen?!”
Nikolai frowned hearing the voice sounded electronic and machinery in beeping noises sounding odd to him. He found the Souler escort removed him from the green light and got him to the stairwell. He glimpsed a figure asleep contained into a tube of green liquid he gulped recognizing the figure as familiar but appeared to be himself asleep and realized what the nurse meant by his words.
The nurse’s words were “Good luck!” 
Including hearing the sound of shock from the green light to realize an answer to the question the voice spoken
Nikolai spoke as he was brought out of the room “What did you do to me?”
He found his question unanswered as he was forced out of the room by the Soulers rough with their handling as he paused to glare at a tube holding a twin to his body. Nikolai found his efforts to point out the tube blocked by the Soulers growling heard of anger and hauling him out of the room some felt carrying him out. He grunted in response as he was carried out of the room as his angry mood hit again. Nikolai gave up roaring noises including repeating his question over and over till he was unceremonious dumped onto padded floor and left alone. Nikolai shook his head of his roaring fits and forced himself to kneel with eyes shut forcing himself to mediate the angry feeling away from him. He found his mediation helped soon the angry feeling left him followed by a piece of cloth tossed onto his front as if whacked while hearing a throat clearing noise. Nikolai opened his eyes and found himself thrust pants he saw by a Souler giving him an all blue eyed glare. He obeyed to put on the pants then found the Souler faded from view along with a door slamming sound. He growled an annoyed sound and forced himself to kneel in response to his angry mood hitting him. Nikolai focused onto his Berserker’s mental ability to found a memory arriving within his mind put there by the snickering Meritanians heard laughing in his mind. He saw was an unfamiliar male yanked from a slumped over position while holding a female’s hand that appeared to have died of old age the male appearing to look young. He kept on watching via his mind as the male he knew wasn’t himself appeared to be too grief stricken to acknowledge anything around him including a black armored Souler lifting him up and appearing into a room with walls having beeping red lights. Nikolai kept on seeing via his mind of the male via no recognition, forced into a tube jutting from a wall and appeared to be unconscious without any protest and appeared to have fallen asleep. The black Souler in male form got him to sleep followed by the male going to a brain organ contained in a tube in another room. He kept on watching as the black Souler went to another tube showing a figure inside he saw was twin to the sleeping male, via facial appearance, while clad in nothing while surrounded of green liquid. He kept on watching as the male was yanked out followed by showing a round mark on his back he saw was familiar to him. He stiffened as if shocked to reach a bare hand behind his back while seeing that image in his mind. Nikolai felt the familiar round marking onto his back and exhaled a breath feeling it there which indicated he was a twin as he thought happened to him. \

Nikolai speaking the story “I didn’t realize it at the time but the Souler Council found me in the Hall of One Thousand Voices a cloned copy of the three males, Tom Mindbender, Jinks Montreal and Nikolas Visser.” 

He removed his hand and kept on focusing onto the memory till a hand patted his cheek. Nikolai felt the hand seemed familiar like he knew who patting him awake while hearing a familiar throat clearing noises. He jerked open his eyes with a loud gasp to see with shock a female standing in front of him giving him a glare of expecting him to know something.
Nikolai spoke “You got me twinned?”
He found the female in response rolling her eyes and removing her hand and speaking ‘The term is clone and it its cloning not twinned.”
Nikolai exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak as the familiar female added beating him “What do you remember of Eric, the original to his cloned status hmm?”
Groaning he spoke the memory fully in mind while seeing her grimace as if she was receiving bad news. 
He spoke “Where am I since I’m not among the High Council anymore?”
He eyed the female who spoke in response “I’m called Raisa but a cloned version of her who can walk without a wheelchair help.”
He sighed and didn’t comment a response as Raisa added as if answering his question “You’re on planet Aire aka Shadan the former Shadonian species’ home world before they devolved into Tennans and before Edenia the moon world arrived to orbit with Humania.”
Nikolai groaned but didn’t comment a response as his angry mood hit him again. He shut his eyes and forced himself to mediate the angry feeling away from him and found it helped but he was still angry. 
Nikolai opened his eyes to focus onto Raisa who took one of his bare hands and spoke “Come with me now.”
Nikolai obeyed to hand and hand guided by Raisa walking normally with him walking out of the room to a patient room belonging to the Zesky Asylum. He didn’t protest as he was handed clothes to wear that was black pants with a long sleeve black top with a grey stripe on it. He obeyed to put them on but found the masked status he recalled as if compelled was gone to his annoyance. Nikolai recalled by the Meritanians doing it that a clone was forced to wear a mask of the masked servants of the High Council before sent off planet elsewhere as if transported by Ramses doing a green light show. 
Nikolai didn’t protest as Raisa got him out of the room to the land deck of the sea boat and heard her speaking “Merra transport us both to the Souler Council now.”
He sighed hearing her speaking a name of a Meritanian as he was transported with Raisa off the land deck into a vast ceiling height room with two figures on steps with forms that made him grimace. He saw a male form of a humanoid with white skin and black eyes with black hair and wings of white with a brown skirt covering the sensitive parts with a sword in hand that bowed his head once he eyed him. He saw the male was accompanied by a female with purple colored skin and long white hair and all white eyes like a Humanoid appearance on her face and clothes of blue twin to a Souler. He frowned finding her bowing her head in response while holding a spear in her hands. 
Nikolai heard from the winged male speaking “Welcome to Aire to the Souler Council.”
He frown finding figures of robed blue behind the two humanoids seated on stone seats while noticing a figure in the middle different from the others. He eyed the figure he saw was clad in black hooded robe with yellow bony hands seen that made him grimace of recognition of remembering the male was a cloned version of Tom Mindbender himself.
Nikolai frowned as Raisa spoke “This is Shad the male that speaks for the males of the Souler Council and this is Onya the female that speaks for the females of the Souler Council. Don’t mind their mind walking abilities and their mind walking servants the Meritanians speaking too.”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to hear blaring “Hello Nikolai as you’re called. So we meet again in planet Aire.”
Nikolai inhaled recognizing Tank’s voice blaring along with hearing the Meritanian’s words echo by Merra he feeling relieved to hear both Meritanians blaring in his mind. He sighed and focused onto the Souler Council as if needing to do it despite nervous by their presence. 
Nikolai spoke “I recalled Tank and Merra were very chatty to me while I was contained into my tube in the Hall of One Thousand Voices.” 
He eyed the High Council aka Souler Council as if needing to do it despite nervousness hitting him. 
Nikolai frowned as Shad spoke “Meritanians give Nikolai the proper memories when he sleeps and make sure he wakes up screaming from that.”
Nikolai gulped hearing the words from Shad as he heard from Onya in response “Transport Nikolai out now to where he can live among the natives normally.”
He found his hand freed from Raisa who held up a hand towards him in a waving gesture of goodbye as he was transported to a location. 
Nikolai spoke “The location I didn’t realize at first was the an island nearby the island holding the Drainers’ lair but this time lair of the High Council servants kept contained out of scans of the Meritanians.”  
Nikolai found a helicopter coming into view that landed onto the beach followed by familiar High Council servants clad in white robes arriving into view that got him into the flying vehicle. He frowned as he was buckled inside followed by the helicopter rising in the air and flying towards the island holding the castle. He heard Meritanians’ snickering like laughter become fainter and fainter as the helicopter arrived to the castle’s island followed by landing. He frowned as he was forced out of the helicopter by invisible familiar clawed hands grabbing him and yanking him inside. Nikolai found the hands led him to a set of steps going up followed by a blindfold placed over his eyes and flying in the air all over the place via the hands’ holds onto him. He grunted annoyed sound as the hands dumped him onto something stony felt and then with knives cut off his clothes till he was bare of everything and only clad in blindfold. 
Nikolai snarled angrily “Hey-“
He heard faint beeping noises of something familiar indicating a homing beacon followed by finding the Berserker in control as he heard “Just be quiet now!”
He frowned but obeyed and didn’t protest as the hands resumed touching him and lifted him up and flying him all over the place then dumped him onto stone floor followed by a bang sound of a familiar door shutting. Nikolai found himself back into his familiar cell and found himself ignored on being freed by no one coming to see him for an uncounted number of times. He felt annoyance take hold despite seeing via purple vision of night vision no one coming to see him as he was contained in his cell including noticing his ceiling visitor wasn’t there either. 
Nikolai went to sit onto the bed and heard a familiar voice sounding in his ears “Nighty night smarty!” sounding in Maureen’s voice tone in sarcasm to him.
Nikolai spoke “I wound up hearing ‘Sleep, sleep’ sounding in my mind along with feeling compelled to sleep. 
I lied down and shut my eyes to pass out unconscious.”
Nikolai added after a pause “I wound up to dream various memories a programming by the Meritanians doing it to whomever to suffer memories into minds despite out of reach of the plants’ scans-“
“Argh you stinking Meritanain!” Nikolai was interrupted by Barry’s voice.
Recorder noticed Barry was again pacing as Dalton was appearing to be asleep in the chair of the dining room that woke up displaying all black eyes. 
Dalton gave Nikolai a glare of accusation as if indicating “You woke me up!”
Recorder wound up clearing her throat loudly only to grimace as Dalton gave her a glare with eyes narrowed and appeared to be accusing her with some look on his face.
“Dalton boy what’s gotten you upset?” Recorder heard blared in her mind sounding in Merra’s voice tone of snickering. 
Merra according to Recorder always makes sure she hears that Meritanian anywhere while contained in her Father’s residence forbidden from leaving her prison of containment. Her Father isn’t spared the forbidden status but Dalton as he wishes to be called has displayed no indicating on leaving the residence despite Recorder his daughter hit with such feelings from time to time. Yana helps Recorder with her feelings via recording wherever she goes via wheelchair as there was a throat clearing noise sounding in a male tone interrupting the typing. 
“Keep on speaking the story” Recorder heard sounded of her Father’s voice using the Master in control.
Recorder peeked at her Father to find Dalton was sitting ram rod straight in his chair of Jinks Montreal’s with arms folded and appeared to be glaring at the table with eyes all black.
“What else do you remember, Nicky?” as heard blared by Dalton using the insulting name of Nicky onto Nikolai.
Recorder grimaced in response but kept herself from eyeing Nikolai and waited for his response to that insulting question.

Nikolai spoke in response another story. Tom Mindbender, via memory, had felt pity taking hold seeing the High Council's latest victim to be tortured via mind rape form. He saw the victim laid her form down and appeared to have passed out unconscious. He kept his Berserker side away from him as tears kept on spilling from his eyes. He eyed the female with a frown finding Terror, the Forgiver Souler, who spoke words of forgiveness compelling people to speak secrets, disappearing in a light show making Soulers resume their appearance with another shriek sound-
Barry interrupted Nikolai to add “Terror, the Forgiver Souler was originally a clone of a Tennans’ creation of a Human male named Terror that spoke his familiar line making people give up secrets. Terror the original, from memory of him wound up destroyed by the High Council having him dumped into an eater mountain, a volcano. His destruction made the Tennans upset so a clone of him was created via samples of him submitting to the Annoyov Barack Station. The clone as far as I know of is still alive living with the Tennans while their traveling around in space as bred for it. Their not bred for planet living and hate living in planets. Instead pretty much prefer to live in space. They only come to planets if the clone needs to get various things done for his body such as nourishment and mating behaviors including expelling. So far they haven’t caused their destruction of eater fires onto planets in awhile. I guess that the message of using their warships as batteries is getting to planets’ natives now.”
Recorder cleared her throat loudly to give Barry an all black eyed glare with the Master in control. Nikolai wound up having his eyes all golden twins to a Souler’s all blue eyes indicating his Berserker side in control with hands’ changing ability to claws. 
Nikolai had on admittance “I assumed the eyed look was assumed I looked angry at Barry’s interruption.”
Recorder wound up seeing Nikolai’s Berserker’s side as assumed by his hand clawed was flexing in Barry’s direction despite still unable to do mental orders of death or telekinesis of moving objects via that in control. 
He at a later admittance to Recorder “I recalled my Berserker side involves having my hands become clawed twin to Tom Mindbender’s Berserker side and eyes all golden colored like a Souler with nothing indicating whites or pupils. Except I’m hit with terrible rages of anger whenever its in control and frustrated with unable to do anything but say boo towards people when scaring them. Hence I dependant onto various forms involving my eyes being scary to people when saying boo as a joke.” 
Barry appeared to notice his rudeness spoke in response “Excuse me.”
Nikolai wound up willing aside his Berserker side by his eyes turning human black looking and displaying Human like hands instead of claws. Recorder heard Merra’s laughter and grimaced hearing the noises to sense Nikolai felt himself upset again to pause from talking his tale. He wound up seen rubbing his hands on top of his long haired head and running fingers through his long hair that can’t be cut. It’s a side effect from being a part of the vampire species dubbed Airen, hence he’s got the long hair. 
 According to Recorder typing this “Everyone was sensed peering at Nikolai via out the corners of their eyes avoiding looking at him directly. No one in the room didn’t say a word in response to make him continue the story. Instead kept their mouths shut and waited silently when he was ready to speak his story.” 
Nikolai wound up speaking his story despite anger sensed in his voice tone while still running fingers through his hair violently involving remembering something bad about clone Tom Mindbender Thunder himself. 

Tom came to hearing the alarm blare its noises, which he got up and hit the private room in a fast move, ignoring Victoria groaning loudly, while lying on the bed with him. Tom came out fresh from showering to head towards the bed to sit putting on his jumpsuit. He eyed the time, an ancient Human alarm clock, finding he had plenty of time to listen to the radio.
He proceeded to do hearing "The weather report about the thunderstorm that lasted all day hitting the planet via Australia area. Or what the Elves call Egyptia and ending at sunset cutting off the heat wave but temperatures will remain in their warmth status but not too extremely warm for now. A warning that the heat wave will restart again unexpectedly due to that it was becoming the time of year for such extreme temps to hit." 
He eyed Victoria lying in bed asleep and appeared to be unconsciously sleeping as he shut off the radio. 
She on admittance to him later, “I was actually put down asleep by the Meritanians who restored my memories after the High Council mind wiped me. The Meritanians didn’t want me to be screaming my head off from memories restored so they kept me asleep as a result.” 
Groaning softly Tom kissed her on the lips she ignored him and kept on sleeping. He got up and went to out of the bedroom to take an underground cavern route to the High Council's throne room. 
He recalled that Walls and Kiddy, Meritanians that were transported from Shadan to Terra or Earth, told him "The High Council ordered you to walk to their throne room and avoid transportation orders. Their still angry with you at the moment with you defying them to keep Victoria alive."
Tom recalled himself yelling at the High Council while they were mind raping Victoria "Keep her alive! I love Victoria to live for her! I'll do anything to keep her with me!"
Tom recalled as the High Council in response quit the mind raping of Victoria followed by him surrounded by Soulers. He wound up seeing a light flash showing a Souler with a beard and a mustache he recognized dubbed Terror the Forgiver Souler. 
The Souler spoke "Forgiveness? Confess your crime to me."
Tom wound up compelled to speak who he spoke "I'll kill to keep Victoria with me as my mate and mine forever."
Terror the Forgiver Souler to his relief disappeared into a light show followed by Soulers appearing. He shook his head of the memory and ignored the moaning noises of ghosts sounding in the cavern's hallways and made himself firm in walking towards the High Council's throne room. 

“The noises was actually a recording of people screaming as I recognized now while telling the story.” Nikolai adds.

Tom reached the throne room to stand with arms folded feeling sarcastic towards them and their latest orders. He felt annoyance take hold when the High Council via their red hooded robes went into a discussion of head waggling and hands' waving seemingly lengthy. Tom glared with annoyance taking hold within him waiting for the High Council to deliver their orders.
He didn't have long to wait as the Souler standing at the foot of the steps spoke "Says we have orders for you to do Mindbender. We expect perfect results involving that order-"
Tom interrupted sounding angry "Just get to the point."
He gave the High Council a glare as the Souler spoke "Says you're to assassinate a Queen with your Berserker side in control once we have the Meritanians or Sages as they call themselves transport you to her."
He kept the glare in response and willed forwards his Berserker side and waited as he found himself in a clearing among bushes hearing sounds of bushes rumbling. Tom unfolded his arms and without a word walked towards the noises to find an Elf a human with pointed ears and a crown on her head. She assumed to be the Queen, walking in the forest him hiding and tracking via the jungle. He tracked her till she stopped at a clearing with a small pool of water holding a statue of Lance Richard. Tom found her guards, both Highlander, was two of them and appeared to be accompanying her. He glared as the Queen kneeled and appeared to be mediating or praying. He slipped quietly sneaking towards the Queen with guards having head bowed and appeared to not hear him. Tom reached the Queen as the guards spun around with staffs crackling of electricity aimed at him as the female ruler got up to stand. He gasped when he saw the Queen shift to Victoria by the looks of her giving him a pleading expression. Tom gritted his teeth and gave the death order towards the female only to see her collapsed onto the ground still displaying her Victoria's persona form. He felt horror hitting him out of shock as he kneeled while willing aside his Berserker. Tom ignored everything around him as he felt a prick of pain into his left arm indicating a needle dart. Then he found himself as if compelled while contained in a tube floating in the black water. He recalled what else he remembered before he wound up poisoned by the Queen’s guards with poisoned status healed for him to be contained in a tube, he assumed was it for. Nikolai adds according to admittance later with Recorder into her bedroom. 
She sitting on her bed typing onto the laptop rapid fired pace waiting for him to sleep “I felt myself upset with what I said involving Tommy boy and his angry mood-”
“Don’t insult Tom” Recorder interrupted sounding firm.
Recorder in response quit the typing and spoke “You were seen displaying your Berserker side to the restless natives in the bookstore. You were acting angry like still unable to scare people via the Berserker side. As in people laughing at you while you were flexing their hands into their faces while in the bookstore accompanying Veronica Thomas in there I saw via recordings on the laptop.” 
Recorder heard silence from Nikolai on the air mattress, figured to herself “It’s was best to keep my mouth shut and wait for him to speak further.” 
Recorder heard throat clearing noises of Barry sounding again as he sat in her armchair in her room.
Barry wound up responding to her question “Shouldn’t you be sleeping in Jinks Montreal’s room?” 
He saying “I’m not the persona of Jinks Montreal to use his room. I do feel like I father you, Victoria but I have an all seeing one ability to see anything in my mind. If I lie down I’ll forget myself and be lost in the images in my mind. Hence sleeping sitting put or kneeling helps keep my memories intact. So excuse me for using your armchair. I could have used Jinks’ armchair in his room but I keep on forgetting I’m Barry and not Jinks Montreal whenever I wake up there. I’m not immune to the Meritanians’ jokey status of giving memories to clones including originals of clones to suffer while contained in their prisons in planet side.”
Recorder sighed and heard silence from Nikolai seemingly lengthy in response to her typing this thought down. Throat clearing noises was heard again sounding of Barry. Recorder peeked at Barry finding the male was sitting up in his armchair giving Nikolai his familiar glare. Nikolai in response paused from telling the story as he wound up willing aside his Berserker look and kept on rubbing hands onto his head of hair. He felt himself appearing to be angry about something and refusing to admit what was bothering him.
Despite Recorder in the room kept saying “Talk on what’s bothering you, Nikolai.”
Nikolai seemed to be not keen on answering that wording by Recorder as Barry formed the Master in control via black eyes and kept giving him a narrowed eyed glare of “Confess your crime.”
Nikolai wound up speaking something else instead of admitting what’s bothering him. 
Nikolai spoke “I remembered Tom’s capture from his trip from Terra to planet Aire when trying to retrieve his latest obsession towards Victoria.”
Recorder recalled the file she had on Tom’s capture via the Souler Council emailing her and figured to herself “Perhaps Nikolai’s point of view is better.”
Nikolai wound up speaking his tale in response despite seen running hands through his hair with them clawed to indicate his Berserker side in control.

Tom recalled something involving a light flashing in front of his eyes followed by blindness after finding Victoria in the abandoned Annoyov Barrack station. His trip from Terra involved a travel gate guarded by Humanians that took him to planet Aire into the Souler’s trap. He with disgust that Victoria was yanked from him despite his resistance followed by a needle object placed into his neck as he felt the drug paralysis him. Tom wound up hitting the floor while feeling his body still unable to move. He felt his eyes forced shut by an appearing Souler while lying on the deck of a familiar warship with Edenia in the sky hovering overhead. It was figured from memory that Tom assumed he was in planet Aire caught into a trap to capture him using Victoria to his disgust. He kept on floating inside the tube still wearing restraints that zapped him whenever he raised his hands or arm from their folded position. Tom recalled fully a memory of himself via his mind as if compelling put there by the Meritanians. Tom found, via memory himself through while holding Victoria or clone of her, he hoped. He came out of the High Council’s travel gate room to find himself among the Souler Council’s servants, the Soulers who shrieked out cries of shock seeing him. He wound up holding onto Victoria giving out death orders right and left of him towards servants and ran to the High Council's throne room while still holding her. He found the High Council wasn't in their seats as the Speakers was there making him angry. Tom then forced himself to stop himself from trying to killing the High Council while in their presence as he held unconscious Victoria. 
He glared at the High Council's empty seats as their speaker spoke "Just scan Victoria's mind now." 
Tom obeyed by reading her mind as she woke up to looked at him in the eyes, with a look of love he recognized. He wound up seeing in her mind, her memories remembered restored but some side effect of hearing voices into her mind. 

Recorder grimaced hearing that talk from Nikolai who continued speaking the tale. 

Tom willed aside his Berserker side as Victoria wound up falling unconscious. 
He gave the High Council a glare of accusation finding the Speakers speaking "Meritanians transport Mindbender and Recorder out and put Mindbender down asleep in the process."
He found their orders obeyed to find himself still in a tube contained. Nikolai forced to remember memories of various cloned Toms on the snickering like laughter heard in his mind via the Meritanians. Nikolai heard wound up giving a sound of disgust in response to the laughter like noises from the Meritanians in Recorder’s mind. Tom found his mouth was always covered by an oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose bringing oxygen to breathe while contained in the tube. Tom found himself still unable to see where he was in the tube despite sensing something involving tape covering his eyes, forcing them shut. Nikolai felt annoyance take hold as he got another memory of a cloned Tom courtesy of the Meritanians putting it there. Nikolai felt disgust take hold seeing via his mind of a cloned Tom freed from a tube status as in thrust out of a tube with water spilling all over the place. 
He kept on seeing in his mind of Tom surrounded by Soulers one ordering him “Stand down and serve us now!”
Nikolai recalled as if compelled Tom willing forwards the Berserker side and giving death orders to the Soulers all around him till one was remained standing he recognized was Victoria clad in a Souler’s armored uniform. 
Recorder felt disgust take hold recalling that memory of cloned Victoria or Sadness, gave up tearfully “Tom, stop it now! Their trying to help you gets assimilated back into Aire!”
Recorder felt annoyance take hold as Nikolai spoke “The clone in response spoke mentally ‘Victoria, down!’’
Nikolai recalled further that Tom succeeded in knocking down the Souler using the illusion of Victoria’s appearance who shifted form into a blonde female with pointed ears and a Human face a species dubbed Highlanders-

Nikolai was interrupted by Barry speaking “The correct term is elf, mostly Elves for more than one that were hybrids of Highlanders and Humans.” 
Nikolai continued the story ignoring Barry’s rudeness. Nikolai kept on recalling as further compelled that Tom ran out of the room and used various ways of combative art training and acrobatic art training to get to the land deck of the Soulers’ warship followed by diving into the water and swimming away. Recorder felt disgust take hold recalling despite the Meritanians’ snickering in her mind that there was a Megadon fish feeding nearby that wound up trapping the clone via jaws and swallowed the clone whole. The clone as Tom breathe through the air in the oxygen mask actually passed away from the Megadon’s jawed trap and wound up dead as a result. 
Recorder felt annoyance take hold to realize via Nikolai speaking out loud “That’s why they cloned Tom while he was contained in the Zesky Asylum. They want to know his reaction to being among them while freed from the tube. Jeez, Meritanians had to give me those memories.”
Tom felt annoyance take hold finding his Berserker side refused to take control as he remained into a tube floating in its liquid while feeling his arms folded into a locked position. 
He felt annoyance further take control as he felt his mind scanned in response and mentally yelled “What’s the point of cloning me anyway?! What’s the point of containing me?!”
He heard nothing in answer to his question instead got snickering like laughter from the Meritanians as if telling a joke to his disgust. Nikolai felt annoyance take hold hearing the Meritanians’ snickering like laughter to be given another memory. He felt annoyance take hold getting another headache of the Meritanians giving him memories of his clones. Nikolai remembered as if compelled by the Meritanians a memory of someone’s else’s eyesight focusing onto Victoria seated at a desk with the Master in control. Victoria, he saw looked angry and was just looking annoyed.
Recorder talks admits during Nikolai pausing from speaking the tale “This is a memory of myself freed from the Hall of One Thousand Voices sent to the Zesky Asylum to be cloned and tested on how I feel towards whatever questioning Alexei or the One was feeling towards Tom Mindbender Thunder himself. I do admit that the High Council had managed to free me from the tube containment from time to time to record what the Meritanians were blaring over head via typing onto a laptop. Hence they insisting that clones of me take up a writing career and type stories for a living something they insisted I do myself. I wasn’t spared memories of my clones while I was in containment in the Hall of One Thousand Voices by the Meritanians giving me those memories. Hence I remember various Victoria clones from time to time popping up whenever that happens. It depends on whether the Meritanians are in a jokey mood for me to remember by their manipulating or by myself.”
Recorder got Barry giving her a familiar glare involving “Confess your crime.”
Recorder got Nikolai giving her a glare and got from the male in response “Tell me your story now.”
Recorder recalled a typed file of her story involving her freedom from the Hall of One Thousand Voices pulled it up from the laptop’s files and spoke it out loud.
 
Victoria spoke using the Master’s voice “What’s the point of this video you’re showing me of my Tom killing a clone of me?”
Nikolai overheard, gave up a growl hearing that.
Victoria wound up seeing focused onto seeing a familiar male she recognized as Jason as dubbed by the High Council, as first but didn’t realize his name was Eric, wearing black armored clothes on his form while accompanied by a hooded figure of blue. She spotted the hooded figure of blue was giving off her senses of creeps annoying her.  Victoria felt a tap on the shoulder to look seeing a male with Tom’s face in a no haired status showing a clawed hand twin to his Berserker’s hand and make a cat clawing method towards her when she looked at the male. 
“So you cloned Tom.” Victoria in response her still using the Master in some sarcastic voice tone as recognized.
Tom, she saw, via cloned self quit the cat clawing method and resumed arms folded while she was glancing at him and at the creepy hooded figure. She noticed the creepy hooded figure had arms and hands twin to Tom’s Berserker side seen via the folds of the hooded robe covering the head entirely. That despite glowing golden eyes was seen via an eye plate with the hooded robe covering the head. Victoria felt annoyance take hold to keep on seeing via Tom the clone’s facial appearance that he appeared to be receiving communication from the creepy hooded figure mentally. She found herself forming a grimace including indicating various emotions but still kept the eyes all black in response. Victoria felt herself via appearance finding she was clad in her familiar Recorder’s uniform but had handcuffs cuffing her wrists together that appeared metallic with wires from them. She kept on concentrating onto herself finding she was looked healthy and had mind restored of her mind rape, despite knowing it was a clone mind raped, while seated at the desk appearing to look like metallic table. 
Victoria in response spoke loudly despite the creepy figure using a mental comment in a creepy voice monotone “Tom would kill you to free himself.”
“Tom would never do that to me. He truly loves me enough to never do what you said he would. Stop telling me this jokey status of this now.”
Nikolai heard growled sounding in his throat despite next to her bed in response to Victoria’s comment as he spoke loudly in response “She’s right! I love Victoria and would keep her alive period!”
Recorder found nothing in answer to his yelling but snickering like laughter of the Meritanians sounding again in her mind cutting off the noises including sleepiness hitting her.
Recorder found Barry yawning while stretching his form and leaning back as if conked out. Recorder eyed Nikolai who echoed Barry’s yawn which she echoed the yawn and figured she’ll type more lately after getting some sleep.

Recorder woke up via the alarm clock blaring loudly despite still unable to wake up without the help of noises like an alarm clock. 
Recorder recalls told by High Council “You seemed to have inherited something that makes you sleep ignoring everything all around you to the point of only waking up via ringing noises of the ringer.”
Recorder in response picked up her laptop and began typing while hearing Barry speaking “I might as well go check on Dalton.”
Recorder found Barry leaving the room appearing to be going to her Father’s bedroom. 
Recorder knows from Barry’s admittance “I do use the facilities of Jinks Montreal’s bedroom but don’t ask me to sleep there.”
Recorder eyed Nikolai in response that rolled over throwing the blanket over his head and appeared to be still asleep despite the air mattress is really flat from the looks of it. The floors is padded rugged something the cats have been caught using for sharpening their claws even not sparing on clawing the bed from time to time. Recorder recalled a dream she had put there via the Meritanians doing it with their snickering jokes and laughter sounding in her mind.

Tom found himself still unable to see anything within his mind but memories of Victoria popping up involving his time with her when he lived in the planetary world of Shadan. He kept on recalling Victoria till he found the tube lowered and he spat out via water method. Tom found hands, feeling Banshee like along with his familiar Freeloader sense going off, grabbing his arms. He grunted in response as he was forced to stand up oxygen mask yanked off his face along with a blindfold placed over his eyes. He grunted loudly as he felt his mind still scanned and kept on feeling the Freeloaders’ hands onto him mind scanning him. Tom ignored the hands as he was spun into a circle followed by hearing a familiar Meritanian’s click noises then forced to kneel onto the floor. He felt the floor was cold and metallic to his knees as he felt the blindfold removed including the tape off his eyes. Tom blinked his eyes from the glare of lights blaring into them. He found the light was odd and appeared to be sunlight shining from windows blaring onto him. Tom shook his head from the glare and found the hands’ owners on his shoulders were Soulers. The Soulers were displaying bald head looks with no facial hair and had Banshee’s glowing eyes while appearing to be staring at him with glares. Tom looked around the room within vicinity of his eyesight despite the Soulers still restraining him. He formed a glare and found the familiar creepy hooded figure in front of him in front of the desk. Tom kept the glare in response as Jason or Eric as recognized walked to stand in front of the creepy figure. Recorder saw like before the creepy figure’s hands touched Eric via the top of the head followed by the male displaying all black eyes. 
Recorder frowned as Jason spoke “Says what you have to say about your weakness of wounding up captured into our hands?”
Recorder exhaled a breath hearing the creepy voice of Jason sounding like a twin her Master’ ability as Tom inhaled to speak only to feel tape covering his mouth. Tom glared in response finding the Souler putting tape over the area and making him silent in response. 
He felt his mind scanned in response to mentally speak realizing he wasn’t going to verbalize his words “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Tom found one of the Soulers cocking his head as if mind reading him followed by Jason again speaking “Says show him the recording of one passing away of Victoria Montreal now.”
Recorder stiffened hearing that as Tom’s head was forced to look off his right finding a monitor screen blinking a projection hologram image finding the image was a scene of Tom, Recorder assuming cloned status, freed from a tube. Recorder frowned as the scene showed Victoria, herself assumed was a trick wearing Souler’s armor speaking something to Tom’s clone. Recorder found the sound refused to turn on despite itching to hear what was said. Recorder kept on watching as her clone hit the floor as indicating a death status with eyes turning blood red to her disgust. This was followed by Tom’s clone waving a fist in some angry method and running out of camera view. Recorder frowned to glare at the images as Tom’s face was forced to face Jason to her disgust. 
Jason spoke “Says what you have to say about this situation as seen hmm?”  
Tom mentally spoke within his mind “This is nothing but a trick seen to make me upset isn’t it?”
Jason, Recorder glared at, ignoring her mind scanned as she heard snickering like laughter of the Meritanians to find her mind displaying images, she recalled Tom had while contained in the tube. Recorder recalled fully the images were twin to what the Meritanians gave Tom via his mind as she heard snickering like laughter sounding again. 
“Says Meritanians, you blew it this time” heard from Jason.
The hands on top of Jason removed themselves followed by the male stepping aside showing the creepy figure. 
Recorder heard blaring in her mind while typing this scene down “Hah, hah can’t you take a joke?”
Recorder exhaled a breath sighing loudly while hearing Ramses’ familiar voice blaring in her mind. 
Tom kept on glaring at the creepy figure to hear further from the Meritanian “Besides this Tom Mindbender Thunder, calls you a creepy figure.”
Recorder rolled her eyes in response while giving off a sound of disgust hearing it echoed by Tom’s throat despite mouth taped. Recorder focused onto the memory onto the creepy figure as Ramses’ was again snickering but became silent. 
Recorder heard from Jason as he wishes to be called instead of the Eric’s name, via memory, loudly (Roar) “Ramses (roar) indicates (roar) Tom (roar) afraid (roar) of (roar) you.”
Recorder found Jason ignored despite his roaring hissy fit to find the male disappearing in a light show while shaking his head in a no gesture. Recorder saw Tom gave the creepy figure a glare finding the male she assumed was a male glide walking up towards him to place hands on top of Tom’s head. Recorder gulped feeling something making Tom nervous as the mind sense scanned hit making her further nervous. Tom was sensed kept on feeling his nervousness hitting him making him shake a bit as the figure was felt mind scanning him lengthy. He was sensed kept on gulping and found the Souler guards’ clawed hands become ironclad holds onto his arms despite him still kneeling on the floor. Tom gulped feeling himself shake from the fear hitting him as the mind walker was sensed from the creepy figure that kept on scanning him lengthy. His body started to shake violently despite restrained by the guards. He gulped as he shook till he found the hands removed themselves from the mind rape he suffered as assumed by the Recorder. Recorder sensed Tom felt relief hit him from the feeling of mind rape hitting him from his body shaking in response to that hitting him. He found the creepy figure in response glide walked backwards then resumed folding clawed hands into a clasp gesture. Tom gulped but refrained from thinking a response as his eyes were blocked out via blindfold abruptly. Tom sighed and didn’t resist as he was forced to stand up follow by spun three times he counted and freed. He heard a shriek sounding of surprise to him sounding in a Recorder’s clone’s voice. This was followed by kneeling onto the floor with knees weak as a female body collided with his naked form. Tom felt the female body was still clad in clothes that were twin to what a Souler clone was wearing as she kissed him on the lips. He kissed her back in response as she removed the blindfold yanking it off. Tom blinked his eyes from the light’s glare to find him alone with Victoria in an observation room belonging to the High Council while sensing them both watched. He sighed and didn’t protest as Victoria managed again to kiss him on the lips as he felt his restraints on his form break off. Tom found his arms able to move brought them around Victoria’s back gently rubbing the area not sparing her seat as she kissed him on the lips he kissed her back. He sighed once she broke off the kiss and opened his eyes to stare at her with a frown. Tom frowned as Victoria instead of giving him one of his favorite smiles gave him a frown with the Master in control she looking like she was disappointed with something. He exhaled a breath and didn’t protest as Victoria stood up removing herself from his grips. Tom opened his mouth to speak only to recall the tape was still onto there made a motion to remove it. 
He felt Victoria’s hand over his hand and she snarling “Leave it.” 
Tom heard the voice tone of Victoria’s that indicated she wasn’t his Victoria but someone else posing as her. 
He felt annoyance take hold hearing the voice tone of Victoria as she removed her hand and added “Just turn around and show me that you’re not a clone like they claimed they have done to you.”
Tom exhaled a breath to adjust his back to her feeling her hands rubbing his back over not sparing his seat Recorder saw via memory he was a clone but not sure which one he is. He frowned feeling her hand was whacking his seat instead of gripping it to his annoyance like Victoria always done when she wanted to check his cloned status. Tom shifted around to glare at Victoria and made a movement to remove the tape. 
He felt his arms become deadweight as if Victoria or clone used Master ability to make them paralysis as Victoria spoke “Just leave it on now.”
Tom found his efforts to will forward the Berserker blocked by his mind scanned sensed and something of the Meritanian variety blocking him. He felt annoyance take hold glared at Victoria’s twin despite his arms deadweight. He kept on glaring at her with his eyes narrowed and waited for her to explode. 
Tom found Victoria in response refused to explode into vulgarity like he expected her to do instead she spoke “Nod your head if you do get it my words.”
He obeyed to do that head shake only to find Victoria’s twin attacking him with punching and kicking including scratching his cheeks with her long nails that felt like Banshee claws to him. 
Tom mentally yelled in response during the twin’s attack “She’s not Victoria doing that behavior to me! She’s someone else posing as her!”
Tom found Victoria’s twin in response quit her attack followed by a whining squeal sounding from her. He frowned as her form shifted into a female Souler with Banshee like hands and having blonde hair with all black eyes glaring at him with an angry sneer. Tom glared in response as he found his arms no longer deadweight. He made a movement to remove the tape off his lips only to feel something like a blindfold placed over his eyes as he made the movement. Tom found hands familiar that felt like Banshees as his Freeloader sense went off followed by forced to stand and then twisted into a circle three times. Tom found himself transported via Meritanian variety while still having hand holds onto his arms. He frowned as he was forced to walk a few steps followed by halted then forced to kneel. Tom frowned blinking from the glare of lights shining as the blindfold was removed. He found Victoria looking like her twin seated on a pillow in front of him with head bowed. Tom, according to Recorder, realized that the female wasn’t Victoria but posing as her who raised her head showing they all white followed by appearing to be studying him fully. Tom found the tape removed off his lips making him gulp from Victoria’s twin’s looks of a glare of accusation.
He spoke “This is not my Victoria.”
Tom found the blindfold resumed covering his mouth as he got a memory of a clone put there by the snickering Meritanians. Recorder recalls Tom didn’t realize he was given a memory instead just assumed he was experiencing the clone’s memory. He got twisted into a circle three times followed by transported out but that was a memory actually as he remained kneeling in front of the female posing as Victoria. He, via memory smelled salt air along with feeling the wind of the ocean blowing onto him. Tom found the blindfold removed and found himself alone on a diving board over the roaring ocean. He gulped and made a movement to turn around only to feel a stinging pain of zapping hitting his back. He found the diving board reverted back from behind as the zapping pain made him jump off into the roaring ocean. Tom screamed while falling into the water and found himself landing onto something padded. He gulped feeling himself lying on a padded floor instead of the ocean and heard sobbing sounds. Tom looked up around him finding himself in a padded white room with a large black window above him. He sensed someone was staring at him as sobbing sounds kept on crying loudly. 
Tom heard the noises to hear “Victoria.”
He realized with a start that he was the source of the noises including feeling his eyes wet from tears along with hearing himself repeating Victoria’s name over and over like a mantra. Recorder assumes that was Sadness the Tom clone part of Tom speaking his sobbing noises. Tom exhaled a breath finding the noises kept on repeating like a recorder he realized with a start was he crying earlier but had no memory of it. Tom found his Berserker side kept away from his wet status on his form as he continued to hear the sobbing noises. He felt annoyance take hold to focus onto the black window as if drawn via the staring ignoring the noises. 
Tom kept on staring at the black window seemingly lengthy till he found himself mouthing “I love you, Victoria.”
Recorder recalled after meeting the creepy figure calling himself Timer or Tim a clone of Tom in a Souler form got her blindfolded followed by transported elsewhere. She was brought to a gangplank and forced to look through a window showing a room she remembers was padded and her Tom inside kneeling in there appearing to be aware of her and said his words he mouthed. She lip read him saying those words but wasn’t sure of which Tom the male in the padded room represented saying those words. Recorder admits that she knew Tom was cloned but wasn’t sure which Tom representative that was locked into the padded room speaking his words. Recorder remembers further of Tom’s containment Tom sighed once he quit the mouthing to find the staring sense quit to his relief followed by another sense of staring hitting him making him nervous unexpectedly. Tom felt nervousness hitting him as he found the door to the padded cell opened showing no one in sight. Tom heard treads of someone multiple persons walking onto the padded floor followed by hands gloved grabbing his arms. He ignored the hands and didn’t resist as the hands led him out of the padded cell to another room. Tom saw the room was rugged floors and found himself led towards a female Souler seated crossed legged in a limber style he could do himself. He frowned as the hands got him in front of the female Souler who appeared to be eyeing him back in the eyes. Tom frowned as she shifted form into Victoria he saw with all white eyes and gave him a glare of accusation. 
Tom spoke firmly “I love Victoria and I would do anything for her to give me what I want is love and acceptance.”
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and found the female Souler shifting her form from Victoria’s twin look to back to her own form. This time had eyes all black while holding out a hand towards him in some payment gesture.
Tom spoke “I’ll pay any price just as long as Victoria gives me the acceptance and love I’ve been seeking as indicated by my own Father who wanted that for me. He made it clear that acceptance and love is what I should get from a female like he had with my Mother herself.”
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and didn’t comment a word as the female Souler thrust out her hand towards him again indicating another payment gesture. Tom sighed and realized that she wanted something physical from him recalled his long hair spoke “My hair that’s long. I’ll give it to you as payment for your price tag.”
Tom found the hands’ released his arms followed by his hair yanked back and heard a loud Humph sound from the female Souler who again indicated a payment price. Tom felt his hair finding it remained intact and refused to be cut. 
He groaned softly and found his mind scanned to feel himself compelled to speak found himself speaking “I give my love of Victoria giving me acceptance and love as my payment price.”
Recorder remembers Tom speaking that loudly while in the rugged room down below her on a gangplank to felt herself annoyed with the mind walker making him say what he said. Tom again found himself spun in a circle three times including transported to something with wet floors. 
Tom again felt the familiar oxygen mask placed over his mouth as he yelled muffled talk “Victoria! I love you! I always will love you even if I’m not there for you!”
He didn’t protest as he was again tube from the feel of himself thrust into it with restraints resumed their form onto him. 
Recorder heard snickering like laughter of the Meritanians blaring in her mind while hearing “Wakey wake, smarty! It’s rather rude to sleep when there are guests!”
Recorder figured that talk was aimed at someone sleeping. She recalls Tom found himself still contained in his tube shaking sleepiness from his mind as he felt the familiar restraints on his form. Despite realizing that the Meritanians gave her a realistic dreams involving a clone of Tom to her disgust. Tom was sensed felt annoyance take hold hearing the snickering like laughter of the Meritanians sounding in his mind as the memory quit running in Recorder’s mind. 

Recorder recalled a memory of being freed from the Hall of One Thousand Voices despite Merra sensed putting that memory into her mind by headache and snickering like laughter heard. 
Recorder contained in a tube heard “Hello who’s this contained here and why does she seem familiar mind sense?”
Recorder recognized Tank’s familiar voice after a lengthy silence of not talking to her to feel her mind continued scanned lengthy till she found herself shaking while contained in the tube. Recorder shook violently in response to the deep mind scanned by the Meritanian to feel glass breaking along with thrust out of the tube. Recorder found herself broken out of the tube to land onto watery floors including arms grabbed by familiar clawed hands. Recorder recognized the hands belonging to the Falcons as they forced her to stand up while still shaking violently. Recorder kept on shaking as her mind was still scanned deeply via Meritanian variety. 
She kept on shaking lengthy till she heard “Oh now why must you do that to her? It’s not proper for you to do that mind scanning. Excuse me while I kick you out!”
Recorder blinked her eyes finding a memory of Tom himself coming to her mind abruptly cutting off her memory lane remembering. She recalls Tom kneeling while in front of the creepy figure who removed his hands from the top of his head. Tom heard Tank’s familiar singing song sounding in his mind as the creepy figure glided away from him making him annoyed. Tom glared in response to the mind rape making him imagine a scene in his mind. Tom kept on glaring in response as the blindfold was placed over his eyes followed by twisted into a circle three times while standing. Tom found himself floating in air while hearing the roaring of the ocean angry to him below. He yanked the blindfold off his eyes to find himself pinching feet first into the ocean. Tom found himself underwater to find a Megadon’s mouth opening bellow him to intend to swallow him whole. He gulped recalled his domesticated gonoids’ friendly status via hands swam down towards the Megadon’s open mouth rising to meet him. He swam towards the lip of the mouth and found himself inside as he put a hand onto the Megadon’s mouth’s side only to find nothing but darkness hitting him in response. Tom came to while still contained in his tube shaking sleep from his eyes of his clone’s death via swallowed of Megadon. 
Recorder felt annoyance take hold to hear a yell “Meritanians! I’ll have your head for this joke!”
Recorder eyed Nikolai as she heard snickering laughter in response as he was heard grumbling loudly to himself from a sleepy status “Can’t I be freed to be with Victoria instead of suffering this jokey status by the Meritanians?”
Recorder assumed that Nikolai lost himself again into his mind hence his wording. 
Recorder recalled she found the Meritanian Tank speaking in her mind when she was still contained into her tube trap “What’s with you being contained in that trap when you should be out of it by yourself hmm?”
Recorder recognized Tank’s voice and heard the edge in the Meritanian’s voice tone that hinted of something else was going on and she should be aware of it. Recorder stiffened from the hint of Tank’s words indicating it to force herself to mediate while still contained in the tube. Recorder recalled Tom doing the same thing while contained to recall Tom found his mediation helped his jumbled thoughts to clear as what Tank was really trying to tell him hit abruptly. Tom mentally recalled the Berserker as if compelled and mentally willed it forwards. He found nothing to indicate his Berserker side in control but a feeling of awareness hitting him via heightened senses hitting him abruptly. 
Tom mentally spoke “Restraints off.”
He found his restraint command obeying followed by hearing panicked voices of mental chatter sounding in his mind despite his Berserker’s mental side in control.
“He’s freed from the restraints!”
“Quick, inject the drug into the containment now!”
“Hurry up before he frees himself further!”
Tom heard the voices’ chatter only to feel sleepiness hitting him while mentally speaking “Shield.”
He found the sleepiness persisted despite his shield command to find himself passing out unconscious as the tube went horizontal.
Recorder in response to that memory eyed Nikolai who appeared found himself urged to wakefulness by Tank singing his familiar song “Wakey wake, it’s rather rude to sleep with guests is present.”
Nikolai from the looks of him shook sleepiness from his head and appeared to be kneeling as if himself to mediate. Recorder recalled Tom’s Berserker side mentally mind scan abilities in control involving a clone given a less scary look by Edenia. She recalled Tom found the restraints had resumed their status onto him but this time felt his mind was fuzzy like he was given sleeping drugs. Tom shook the sleepiness from his mind despite it persisted. He found Tank quit his singing to his relief followed himself urged to mediate. He obeyed and willed aside the sleepy status from him as he wound up focusing his mind onto eavesdropping onto chatter talk within vicinity of his tube. 
“He freed himself of the restraints, Timer.” He heard from one voice as he continued to hear “The drugs were injected into him quick before he regained conscious status. The trap is still containing him at the moment. But this time the drug of sleepiness was given to him via oxygen mask to keep him out of mind for this trapped status.”
Tom willed himself to calm despite annoyed with what he heard as he heard a voice in response “Interesting. Didn’t Edenia say what price tag she’ll bestow Mindbender when he returns to planet Aire?”
He stiffened hearing the voice sounded of Alexei Zesky’s via recognition as he continued to hear from the first voice “Improved mental abilities involving not flaring that scary side of his, he dubs Berserker. It’ll mean he’ll be even more dangerous than he was before with no known knowledge of when he’ll do assassinations. It’ll mean he can instantly do them via thinking of his mind without that Berserker side of his in control.”
Tom exhaled a breath hearing the words but remained calm as if compelled to hear “Yes that is what Edenia said she’ll bestow onto Mindbender if he stayed in planet side or returned to the planet with oaths of no longer serving the High Council.”
He again breathed deeply through his nose forcing himself to mediate in response to Alexei’s voice as he heard from the first voice “I’m surprised that Edenia isn’t doing anything about us containing Mindbender despite him giving off lovely comments of love towards this Victoria Montreal.”
Tom again exhaled a breath hearing the first voice that reminded him of his Father’s voice speaking in his mind that hadn’t spoken in awhile. He frowned as he felt urged to will aside the Berserker obeyed despite annoyed to do it. Tom found the sense of Berserker going away as he continued to float in the tube. Recorder heard Meritanians’ snickering like laughter sounded again in Merra’s voice in her mind- 
Recorder heard from Merra interrupting her “Nighty night smarty!”
Recorder found herself hit with an urge to sleep found herself compelled to put aside the laptop onto the dresser and sleep some more despite it’s daylight outside. 

Recorder woke up via alarm clock blaring in the bedroom of her Father’s residence in New York City. She sighed and got up going into the bathroom intending to shower. She obeyed despite trying to avoid drinking from the water that came out green colored indicating some cloned water dye for clones to survive on while showering. She sighed once done and walked out to get dressed into sweats. Recorder went out to find Nikolai awake who appeared to be grumpy to her. She found Nikolai slamming the door to the bathroom behind her as she left the hygiene room. Recorder wound up in response went to the dining room to find Barry, while clad in clothes of black jacket with a white collar and black pants seated at the dining room’s table at the side of Jinks Montreal’s head of the table. Recorder sighed and went to sit down finding her Father joining her while clad in she was clad always in sweats she still having her laptop in her hand. 
Recorder frowned as Dalton bellowed “Emma!”
Recorder didn’t have long to wait as Emma the residence’s cook’s assistant arrived carrying trays for the inhabitants of the residence to set in front of each one of them. She found Emma appeared to expect Barry’s visit by putting a cup of smelling something stinky in front of the male off her own tray. Recorder sighed and ate her food she finding it was water and appeared to be some soup involving fish by the smell despite it her diet involving the Trigan status. Dalton ate his food underneath the watchful eye of Emma and once done found the female taking the trays as Barry put his cup empty of liquid onto the tray nearest him. Recorder frowned but remained seated with a frown till a throat clearing noise was heard sounding of Barry. 
Recorder gave Barry a glare in response who spoke “So more on Tom your lovely love from what you remember hmm, Victoria?”
Recorder gave up a sound of disgust in response as she heard an ahem sound from Dalton involving use of the Master via voice tone. Recorder found Nikolai in the room managed to slip without her noticing as always who didn’t speak at all instead remained seated running Berserker claws through his hair. The residence’s cats that was in the room has gotten onto the dining table again and despite Barry’s yelling got onto his shoulder and heard purring loudly. Nikolai wound up silent ignoring the cat while appearing to have eyes shut and tried to appear to be mediating according to Recorder sensing he’s angry about something. 
Nikolai spoke his story as if compelled by the Meritanians heard snickering in his mind “Tom or clone of him via memory, felt his anger rising and rising till he found himself flying in the air to open his eyes. Tom found himself dumped into the pool belonging to Jinks Montreal’s residence in the pool house. He felt his mood bad swam around in the pool then reached the lower end and began thrashing the water around. He sensed Barry spying onto him via senses hitting ignored the feeling and kept on thrashing the water. Tom heard a splash of water to find someone had joined him into the pool. It made him annoyed which he kept on thrashing the pool’s water including doing his Kata in karate using the water to keep his balance. Tom sensed himself stared at to find Victoria in the pool with him. He ignored Victoria and kept on thrashing onto the water doing his Kata till he felt his mood angry going down and without a word got out of the pool to plop himself onto a bench ignoring his wet clothes. Tom didn’t protest as Victoria got out of the pool and took his hand leading him to the women’s locker room. He felt annoyance take hold as once they were in the women’s locker room’s shower stalls Victoria got his mood away by jumping onto him and kissing him onto the lips. He kissed back in response and didn’t protest as she got peeled his wet clothes off his form including doing the same to her and put the clothing into the laundry machine. This was followed by Victoria getting him into a shower stall and again mating with him thrusting inside her followed by her doing babying behaviors with the soap and shampoo.
Tom ended the ritual by leaving the stall and commenting while picking up his clothes ‘This is the women’s locker room.’
He sensed Barry was still spying via senses and left the women’s locker room and enters the men’s locker room to get inside and used the facilities. Tom came out to find Victoria standing waiting for him with a glare. He ignored her glare and found Victoria managed to get him into the elevator to her father’s residence. Tom frowned as Victoria led the way to the dining room to find Veronica finger typing onto Victoria’s laptop despite Victoria heard clearing her throat loudly.
Veronica spoke ‘Just correcting grammar and mistakes.’
Tom decided not to protest to that instead wound up just sitting in the dining room chair hearing Victoria’s typing her words as she typed down.”
Recorder heard Nikolai paused from telling his story as she sensed he was having a headache of a memory given to his mind by Meritanians as he gave off growling noises with the Berserker in control. Recorder wound up ignoring Barry giving off Builder’s chatter and heard a familiar click noise indicated that the male had been transported out. 
Nikolai via admittance later with Barry gone “I’ve recalled that the Meritanians appeared to indicate that they could manipulate me to have the Berserker in control despite I hit with no ability to use mental orders. Edenia, I recalled gave me the ability to have the Berserker in control but nothing involving mental orders related to it via mind’s manipulation.” 
Recorder heard nothing from Nikolai but silence instead found the male was grimacing as if his mind processing a memory and spoke it in response hearing her typing it down rapid fired paced onto the laptop.

The High Council via meeting room aboard the Shadonia’s abandoned warship while orbiting Mars as that planet is, and not Rakcara, told him "You're to fly this fighter to Rakcara where we're currently orbiting and find any natives for communicating."
Nikolai adds “Natives for communicating meant speak for Meritanians to communicate. The High Council is appearing to be obsessed with Meritanians and wanting to find worlds with them inhabiting.” 
Tom wound up taught how to fly a fighter plane in the cargo hold of the Shadonian warship and instructed clearly "The Fighter has a computer mind dubbed Eli that is programmed to assist you with your mission. Don't forget what you're to do with the Eli."
He had obeyed to the High Council's latest mission as he flew the fighter plane into the planet from space of the orbiting warship. His senses cued to the planet's Meritanian, as detected sitting in a middle of a lake that was red colored. He flew over the buildings towering in the sky that seemed vast.
The machines made him think “The planet is entirely covered with machines with some exceptions of natural settings such as the lake that Meritanian is sitting on.”
That despite hardly seeing any natural like settings involving forests, that made he turn the fighter all over the planet trying to find a place to land. Tom heard silence from the Meritanian instead of answering his mental yells. He found himself compelled to fly the fighter over an area repeatedly doing flybys. He heard Eli beeping its noises from being attached to the fighter which his eyes focused on a monitor screen reading words translating the computer mind, a brain in a robot's drone's talk.
Eli said "Where are you going? Nothing found indicating life forms or communications from the Meritanian who seems disappeared." 
He spoke “Just a little detour don’t worry.” 
He flew the fighter allowing his senses, indicating the Meritanian to guide him traveling over the buildings till his eye focused on four towers standing separate in a group. He sensed something familiar about them but couldn’t identify them, which he later identified as Guardian towers on Terra, giving off warning of snowstorms. Tom flew the fighter in an arc around them eyes searching till he found a landing pad which he set down his fighter with a thud. He opened the cockpit top and removed his helmet setting it down besides him. He got up from the fighter and used the ladder to climb down Eli via drone form came down besides him. 
He spoke “Eli, stay.”
He heard a beep noise from the robot as he adjusted his cloak putting on his hood covering his head and walked seeking an entrance. He found one and walked inside feeling his mental senses blare warnings and familiarity at the same time which made him tensed up. Tom willed himself to calm as he walked feeling his sword banging against him that made him feel less tensed. He walked through hallways silent of people with his eyes searching and looking. He paused from walking to shut his eyes using the outer senses to guide him which made him turn in a direction and he opened his eyes walking in that direction. He traveled till he reached a large room that made him think it was an electronic library with consoles in it sitting in silence. Tom went to a console and stared at it as his senses blared warning alerting him of presences in the room hidden. He willed himself to calm keeping his eyes on the console using his Berserker abilities to seek the hidden people. His senses in the Berserker, alerted him of someone was walking towards him in a fast motion. Tom heard footsteps loudly on his left looked to see a figure walking towards him that he saw was an old female appearing to be a Highlander, wearing a dress with some look in her eyes that made him think she wasn’t friendly despite her lips in a frown line. He turned his form towards her as she reached him pausing from walking to stare at him with some look he sensed that she was calculating something. 
Tom spoke after willing aside the Berserker in Basic the Highlanders’ main language as dubbed despite Humans calling it English in Terra “Hello?”
He eyed the female who widens her eyes but the calculating look remained. His senses blaring warning on both sides of him as he sensed round cylinder objects heading towards him. Tom willed the Berserker through via mental orders to halt their progress and heard clattering sounds as the objects hit the floor. He kept his eyes on the woman as he sensed people darting towards him from hidden spots in the room kept himself calm. Tom removed his hood from covering his head with a hand. His senses blared warning as his ears heard running footsteps sounding all around him. Tom clasped his hands to himself and waited as figures came into his eyes sight. The figures were Highlanders via appearance while wearing multiple clothing of different types and holding gun devices in their hands that were pointed at him. He found himself knocked out unconscious by a dart into his neck-
 
Recorder found Nikolai cutting himself off as there was a click sound followed by Barry appearing into a light show giving off a sound of disgust. 
Dalton heard abruptly “Crowds acting lunatic with their Lance Richard’s fanatical beliefs again?”
Recorder looked up at Barry giving him an all black eyed glare in response to see the male sit down and appeared to be rubbing his forehead with eyes shut while groaning loudly. 
Dalton heard again “Hand that back will you?”
Recorder looked to see Barry shrug forwards the Lance Richard persona and hand the crown to Dalton who took it and shrugged it aside as if he’s keeping the deity lord safe from harm. Recorder resumed typing onto the laptop ignoring Barry’s groaning loudly sounding like he was in pain to her. Recorder heard a loud Humph from Dalton sounding of the Master in control. 
Recorder looked up at Dalton finding her Father was giving her a glare and he speaking “Speak a story while Barry recovers from being an object for fanatics, daughter mine.”
Recorder heard Dalton emphasized the words daughter mine in some sarcastic voice tone to figure he’s still suffering a memory of Jinks raising Victoria into his mind to bother him.
Recorder opened her mouth to speak a story via file only to hear Nikolai speaking his story in response she typed down. 

The male found himself naked while waking up restrained in some small arena as known as the citadel in High Council’s spoken for the training room. He frowned as he found his memories restored into his mind he realizing he was Tom Mindbender Thunder but didn’t realize he was a clone of him. He recalled his name fully in his mind along with an alien side of his called Berserker that brought out his mental abilities. He wound up tested by the people throwing life and death tests at him while freeing himself from the restraints to face the tests and uses his sword that was put on a shelf high above him. He used the Berserker’s side of himself to bring to him and uses the weapon to defend himself from other weapons’ laser like fire aimed at him. As in deflecting the laser’s firing at him along with destroying droids that attack him. 
Tom or a cloned copy of him was thinking “The people are testing me on my mental ability by their expressions on their faces watching me through windows high above in the arena.” 
Tom felt a familiar sense of Victoria watching him via a hidden status behind the window’s black wall. Tom wound up showing off using the sense to notice an old Highlander a female with a Humanity look despite pointed ears still has some calculating look on her face in her eyes that makes him suspicious. He sees during a test she’s gone elsewhere which he finds the tests stop senses that their ended drops his sword away and looks around to see a door opening. 
It shows Victoria or cloned copy walking into the arena who asks him verbalizing despite getting his Berserker side in control “You’re to name your parentage.” 
He finds himself mentally speaking in response “I was adopted by the High Council and raised by them to have undivided loyalty towards them.”
He wound up while noticing that Victoria has widen eyes and mentions “I wasn’t raised by the High Council entirely but by someone else unknowing of who my Father was till I was full grown by some species that outcast me.”
He gets asked by Victoria speaking for someone he assumed was her nosy questions despite she knowing the answers already from what he told her “Who taught you the mental abilities you dub Berserker?”
Tom speaks “The High Council via minion of a Builder named Barry taught me the mental abilities.” 
He wound up seeing her eyes widen a bit and recognizes that she’s aware of who he’s talking about. 
Tom senses something is going on as Victoria added mentally yelling at him “I introduces myself by the name of Timer. I’m the leader of people keeping maintenance in this building the High Council’s residence in planet Aire as this world is now called. Highlanders, servants of the High Council have come and go using the building’s contents without bothering to ask for permission first. We have suffered casualties by Highlanders’ High Council’s servants’ brainwashed Humans to act nasty in our hands. Hence we wary towards people having the Humanity in them. The tests we threw towards you were to determine your mental abilities by having you demonstrate them. Including trying to kill off Humans who don’t survive the tests as our admittance to that, Tom Mindbender is the name we’ll refer you.”
Tom Mindbender or clone wound up senses there’s more to Victoria’s story she is telling him doesn’t comment on that keeps his mouth shut and folds his arms looking like he’s interested on his face. 
Timer, he assumes he’ll call him speaking through Victoria appeared to have pauses from talking through her by her looking up at the people above them.
 Then Victoria again looks at him before adding “It’s been a long time since a High Council’s Human servant serving the High Council via Human means, came to the residence.  We have managed to recognized in you from the way you acted towards us was of a High Council servant’s dedicated servitude and not brainwashing. It’s which is not what a Highlander brainwashing a Human of the planetary world dubbing Aire as its original name and not Shadan normally acts. The behavior of the brainwashing is rude and demanding with orders for us to do things for them along with threatening us harm if we balk the orders.” 
Tom frowned but didn’t comment a response instead waited for Victoria to add to speak more to him via Timer’s wording. He frowned finding she didn’t say anything further instead kept on staring at him. He sensed his head hurting in response via headache method to groan from the pain while rubbing his forehead. He grunted via clawed hand as the pain persisted followed by getting memories fully into his mind of who he really was a clone.
Tom looked at the people at the window with annoyance and spoke firmly ignoring Victoria “You cloned me?”
He ignored his voice sounded odd in some accent that was oddly not twin to his hypnotic voice with a glare of annoyance with his eyes. He glared in response as Victoria appeared to gulp but didn’t comment a word to his question. Tom kept the glare till another headache arrived within his mind he saw of himself knocked unconscious via the High Council’s dart guns soon after put down asleep by the Meritanians doing it to him in his obsession of losing Thura. This was followed by stuffed into a tube with his body naked of clothes not on his form in the Hall of One Thousand Voices. He kept on remembering himself cloned as in thrust into another tube with clear liquid and injected syringes into his body’s upper back. Tom recalled via memory of another tube filled up with green liquid showed a twin version of himself clad in no clothes with naked body form while displaying his Berserker side looking twin to his own scary side. Tom gave the Soulers behind the window a glare of accusation-  

Nikolai according to Recorder got interrupted by Dalton or Barry giving off a sound of disgust loudly. Recorder ignored the sound in response only to hear foot treads of someone entering the room to sense it belonged to a clone of Tom via the noises. Recorder looked to spot Tim or proxy Timer entering the room clad in only a loincloth with disgust on his face. 
Recorder resumed typing despite Tim felt kissing the side of her neck from behind and saying “Veronica.”
Recorder spoke “Tim, its Victoria not Veronica.”
Tim in response to her talk spoke “Can’t tell the difference from Victoria to Veronica despite them look twinning and only different via marking on their backs. Ugh.”
Recorder knows what Tim is referring too a scar twin on her father’s back involving being cloned multiple times via medical procedure and living in the Hall of One Thousand Voices.
Tim is sensed sitting next to her via chair scraped sounding loudly including hearing “Furball get off!”
Recorder heard a loud yowl of Tim indicating one of the residence cats managed to display its displeasure by clawing the clone on his legs after removing it from the spot in the chair. Recorder knows that Tim isn’t the only one given that clawing and isn’t spared it despite Dalton her father spared as if the cats favored him too much.
A throat clearing noise was heard loudly by Recorder only to hear “Where was I in that story anyway?” sounding of Nikolai’s voice tone.
Recorder wound up hearing from Tim in response the story “Tom or cloned copy as input via Recorder continued to remember fully that the original Tom wound up put back into his fighter with his beeping machine Eli scanning him and beeping hysterically. He, himself the cloned version was yanked out of the tube and placed into the familiar arena for tests. Tom felt annoyance take hold sensing via memories filling his mind that his cloned self was partially a Rakcar a Humanoid snake species and was a part of a male named Norok that left Rakcara after the Rakcaran species went extinct in the war with Mesan’s Curse. Tom recalled as if compelled that Norok himself left Rakcara via warship one of the remaining warships containing various Humans aboard for travel off the planet and to get away from the war with Mesan’s Curse who allowed the Drainers to take control of the planet. The Drainers according to the memories of the Rakcaran Tom were feeding onto natives while controlled by their lust to get blood including feeding onto other Drainers. Mostly in an out of control behavior that caused the survivors of that feeding war to escape the planet via warship. Tom found the Highlander as assumed was the female was joined by multiple Highlanders all wearing grey robes with scaly skin like looks on them to his confusion. 
He frowned eyeing the Highlanders warily to find the female leader called Keeper speaking mentally towards him again triggering his Berserker side in control ‘Your creation was to help us survive while living in this planetary world as drawn to remain onto it. We like the others are compelled to remain onto this planetary world of Mars as it’s called by Human name and can’t leave no matter how we try. Our compulsion keeps us planet bound living among the Humans taking control of the planetary world and keeping upkeep of the machines that control this planet. We have a record we wish to show you to explain our creation and existence to living on Mars. 
It’s our only sacred record of our existence we call ‘Mother’s Diary.’ 
It’s the diary of the female one who created our species to live on this planetary world from another world dubbed Terra or Earth. Come with us while we show you this record.’”
Tim recalled “The compulsion order must have been from the Meritanian living planet side who wanted manoids to keep company hence that plant doing that jokey status as a result.”
He frowned but felt himself compelled to agree obeyed to follow the Highlanders he figured the ones with scaly skin were hybrids of the Rakcaran species like he was. He followed Keeper ignoring his naked status and willed aside his Berserker side as she led to the familiar room involving electronic library he saw from his memories of being there for the first time. 
Tom Norok wound up speaking “You got clothes for me to wear? Going around naked isn’t what I had in mind.”
He found his words ignored by Keeper and the other Highlanders sensed pushing him further into the room to a console and forced to sit onto a bench. 
He felt annoyance take hold as Keeper was heard hissing loudly “Jon pull up the file dubbed ‘Mother’s Diary’ now.”
Tom Norok frowned as the console blinked rapidity fast blinking lights followed by stopping to show writing in its screen he frowned finding himself able to read. He found himself reading the file’s contents while manipulating the pages via finger’s sliding gestures. Tom Norok read the whole story out loud to Keeper as ordered. 
Recorder recalls having a story file of something called “Mother’s Diary” saved onto her laptop as emailed by the Souler Council as Tim paused from telling the story.
Recorder heard Nikolai speaking after Tim didn’t continue the story came to the end of the file to look at Keeper with a frown finding her speaking loudly “Jon, pull up the other file on Mother now.”
He frowned finding the console beeping in response as if the computer mind was named Jon and not Eli to his confusion. He kept on eyeing the computer screen which flashed a file he read. Tom Norok frowned finding the file included another file attached to it to his confusion. 
He frowned as he spoke “What’s with the file anyway?”
Tom Norok eyed Keeper who spoke “Just read the file as indicated by Jon putting it there. Read it out loud now. We’re not familiar with the language and needed someone of Rakcaran variety to identify it.”
Tom Norok obeyed to read a sentence of the file and recalled fully in his mind of Norok’s memories and spoke loudly “Its Rakcar’s written language from the looks of as identified by Norok’s memories fully in my mind. What’s so special about it anyway?”
He glared at Keeper who spoke “Just read the file out loud now.”
Tom Norok obeyed despite disgusted with having to do it.
Tom Norok paused from speaking the story to speak “Jon is this Jon the one you Keeper are talking about?”
He got in response the computer file shifting onto the screen to something else to his annoyance. 
Tom Norok glared at Keeper who spoke “Just read the file and its contents since you know what the language is.”
He heard the firmness of her voice tone obeyed despite disagreeing with the order.
Tom Norok quit the reading to give off a sound of disgust only to get from Keeper in response “Jon, give him the files on Annoyov Barrack Station written in Rakcar’s language now for him to read for us.”
He sighed and realized with a start to why he was created to think to himself “It’s for reading the files in Rakcaran language for these illiterate idiots to read for themselves. Ugh.”
Tom Norok sensed nothing in response to his thought but Keeper giving him a glare and speaking in response “We’re not illiterate idiots.”
He gulped but didn’t comment a response as Keeper added “We’re not familiar with the Rakcaran language of the Rakcar that died out extinct forgetting their language of writing and its uses via obsession to a technology in their war with the Mesan’s Curse. Mesan’s Curse when asked seemed to not be fluent into the writing languages and don’t seem to care about that. Instead their just hanging around causing terror and destruction to some of the survivors of that war living planet side in Egyptia as we Highlanders call this world.”
Tom Norok frowned but spoke in response “Who’s Jon? Shouldn’t he be called Eli?”
He frowned as the computer console blinked showing a file in response as Keeper refused to answer his question by giving him a glare and speaking ahem noises. Tom Norok sighed and forced himself to read the file’s contents despite annoyed with his questions unanswered. 
Tom Norok paused then heard a throat clearing noise sounding behind him whom he spoke “Well according to the file it says quoting ‘What happened is Justen mutated into a monster and knocked out the people who were beating him up. His anger caused him to change. As for the attacks he’s been attacking people in retaliation for Diana’s knife wound. She survived but is hidden and Justen is on the station looking for her. Any person that comes across his path is being knocked out. Justen meets the doctor and knocks him out but the information reaches the command center and they figure out its Justen who’s attacking.’
That’s about it for the file.”
Tom Norok was heard thinking “This Justen being Mesan’s Curse in love with Diana a Rakcar wound up forbidden by both species hence this stupid war in the first place. It was people who supported Justen and Diana fighting the others who didn’t agree to this love status. Hence it spilled into a lengthy war with meaning forgotten by both species and wound up causing the Rakcar’s destruction of extinction.”
He was heard speaking “What else you want me to read anyway?” 
He gave Keeper a glare in response who spoke loudly “Jon anything else to admit?”
Tom Norok sighed and focused onto the console as if drawn to do it as the screen flickered files coming into view followed by settling onto a file and appeared to be in Human’s language from the looks of it instead of Rakcaran. 
Tom Norok spoke “It’s Human’s language of Earth’s language via the file-“
He was interrupted “Just read it.”
Tom Norok gave Keeper a glare and spoke “You’re not fluent in any written languages aren’t you?”
He got an ahem noise from Keeper in response which he shifted to eye the file in response and spoke the contents out loud despite using a disgusted voice tone. Tom Norok cut himself off from speaking further of the story while eyeing Keeper who had her familiar calculating look in her eyes. The look made him nervous to his annoyance. 
He glared at Keeper who spoke “Well Jon what do you have to say hmm?”
Tom Norok frowned as there were rumbling sounds of metallic machinery rumbling underfoot. He frowned to look at the floor as if drawn to find an opening in front of the console followed by a gun object came out in a fast speed move firing a laser aimed at Keeper who faded from view while hearing faint whining squeal sounds. The squealing noises indicated that Keeper and the Highlanders were wearing Keo tech that made them hide in plain sight and run at fast speeds like the Rakcar’s obsession. Tom Norok found himself alone in the room while sensing via senses the Highlanders were in hidden states hiding in the room. He looked around as if confused to keep on tracking the Highlanders’ movements while eyeing the gun weapon warily. Tom Norok kept on eyeing the gun weapon to find it sink back into the hole in the wall followed by shutting itself over it. 
He spoke firmly “Just quit this war battle and get along now!”
Tom Norok found the console again blinking indicating another file in it which he opened via hand onto the screen. 
He found Keeper’s voice blaring in his ear loudly despite not seeing her “Just read the file now!”
Tom Norook obeyed despite using sarcasm in his voice tone ignored by the mysterious Jon and the Highlanders.
Nikolai spoke this comment “Sorry heard this saying while I was remembering this jokey memory by the Meritanians. 
The sayings ‘Inky binky’ as heard by Tom Norok heard sounding of Keeper’s voice interrupting him to his annoyance.” 
He again felt the familiar rumbling of a gun weapon popping out to find the thing was out and shaking as if trying to find a target. It made him disgusted enough to sound that while folding his arms.  
Tom Norok glared at the gun weapon in response as Keeper’s voice was heard “Just speak more of the story’s file now!”
He looked down onto the computer file recognizing the language as Human and obeyed. Tom Norok found the console in front of him blinking out as he heard a buzz sound from the gun weapon to find there was a laser firing onto the console that was blinking. 
He quit his storytelling to snarl loudly “Cut the joke and get to the point now!”
Tom Norok heard from Keeper in response “Forgiveness? Confess your crime!”
He got another blast from the gun firing onto the console in response as he spoke loudly “Cut the jokey status and get to the point of this war now!”
Tom Norok glared at the gun finding the weapon going back into its hidden status to focus onto the console finding it stopped blinking. He found a file flickering in its place which he opened and found the language was again in Human language. 
Tom Norok spoke the contents of the file as ordered by Keeper hissing to him to read it “Keeper saw Jon looking up to give her a glare of accusation as she spoke her familiar line again and then blurt ‘I don't want to know what secret you tell me. I'm not a library. Excuse me.’
Keeper made a motion to leave only to hear ‘Wait! I want to talk to you!’
She stared at Jon with a frown finding he kneeling and crying tears while rocking his form back and forth. Keeper frowned but kept her mouth shut to look for Jinks finding the male walking into sight that made a shooing gesture towards her. Keeper jabbed a finger aimed at Jinks and spoke her line despite Jon quiet with his sobbing. Keeper sighed as she felt herself compelled to remain standing while folding her arms and giving Jinks a glare. She found Jinks without a word went to Jon to squat limber style and gently put a hand onto Jon’s shoulder he quit crying to wipe his eyes with his sleeve. 
Keeper sighed as Jinks spoke once Jon was quiet ‘I have a female offspring born out of a forced mating ritual I did to a female. Her Mother had a male who had beliefs on who raises the offspring which was forced onto me. I don't regret my daughter coming to existence. I do regret the way I did towards her mother when I used her for mating urges. It was she who told me after it was obvious I wasn't doing anything for my mating urges, just bottling them inside actually, that I was to allow myself be used for females to get over a forced mating done onto them via males. I have been doing that faithfully as a result of getting my mating urges satisfied. I do tend to recognize females that need this help like I recognized hence I submitting to this to Keeper. My daughter in question once fully grown, hasn't been upset about how she came to existence instead has been very understanding of my purposes towards females who are hurt by males in a mating way, something I work to help them overcome."
Recorder heard silence in response to Nikolai’s talk to find Barry wound up was seen giving him a glare with his eyes golden despite giving off his familiar look. 
Recorder found Nikolai speaking in response “I felt a compulsion to speak spoke what I’m just telling the story as compelled by the Meritanians making me speak this joke. Excuse me.”
Recorder heard silence from her but typing onto the laptop gave up ahem noises using the Master in control. 
Nikolai gave her a glare as Recorder glared in response he figured her noises meant “Continue the story, Nikolai.”
Tim wound up speaking the story in response to Nikolai’s balking.

Tom Norok exhaled a breath finding the screen again blinking in response cutting him off from speaking as the gun weapon was again firing onto it. 
He spoke loudly “Cut out this ridiculous war you both seem to be having and get to the point of this for peace’s sakes!”
Tom Norok glared at the gun that stopped firing followed by the screen resumed a file which he opened finding again Human language in it which he wound up speaking out loud its contents. Once again the console blinked interrupting Tom Norok’s speaking the story to his disgust. 
He spoke loudly “Cut it out now!”
Tom Norok found the console quit blinking as he added “I’m just speaking what’s on the screen file wise. Quit blaming me for this jokey status of what I’m saying around here.”
He formed a glare and folded his arms only to hear Keeper’s familiar hissing comment “Just read the file now!”
Tom Norok obeyed despite disgusted with the scene of this mysterious Jon fighting with the Highlanders. 
Tom Norok cut he off to give off “Hey cut that out!” once the screen flickered indicating a gun weapon firing onto it.
He glared at the gun with annoyance and spoke firmly “Cut out the shooting of that weapon now wills you? I’m just reading what’s on file in this stinking computer and nothing else. So quit that gun joke now.”
Tom Norok had to duck when the gun’s laser fired aimed at him in response. He grunted and resumed straightening up his form while eyeing the gun warily. Tom Norok found the gun in response making movements of trying to track the hidden Highlanders despite sensing them hiding within the room. He found his Rakcaran senses alerting him of the Highlanders hiding in the room and tracked them while eyeing the gun. He found the gun seemed to indicate blindness of not seeing the hidden Highlanders. Tom Norok glared in response with arms folded and waited as he heard Keeper’s familiar hissing comment to glare at the console in response speaking the story. Tom Norok found the console blinking in response to his talk to give a sound of disgust loudly and waited for the gun weapon to quit firing onto the console. He glared at the gun with annoyance that quit its laser firing followed by the screen resuming a file. He opened the file and again read it as ordered by Keeper’s hissing at his ear. He sensed Keeper was standing off his left behind him near his ear to hiss her orders in Rakcaran language. Tom Norok quit the story telling once the screen was blinking again to his annoyance.
He heard loudly “Forgiveness you want it? Confess your crime, inky binky.”
Tom Norok frowned hearing Keeper’s voice and the word of inky as he spoke “It’s you, Jinks Montreal, that’s hooked up in a machine as a part of a battery around here?”
He heard groaning noises sounding of Highlanders groaning all around him as if he spoke the answer to a question correct as he spoke “Then what’s with Keeper’s terms of that insulting name anyway?”
He glared at the gun weapon that had resumed firing onto the console in response. 
Tom Norok sensed Keeper still off his left side that hissed “Just tell a story in response from what you remember now! The story should convince the battery to quit being furious with what’s said around here!”
He sighed and felt his mind scanned via senses blaring to feel a vibration within his skull including hearing “Don’t mind the battery’s hissy fit for being in denial that he’s a clone copy of Jinks Montreal hooked up that came from Shadan as in transported off by Ramses a fellow plant like I am.”
Tom Norok sighed and spoke mentally still feeling his mind scanned by the Meritanian sounding female “What’s with you being silent when I yelled at you while traveling via a stupid fighter?”
He formed a glare only to hear in response another vibration within his skull in his mind “You’ll remember a story and will speak it as I give it to you.”
Tom Norok found images flashing into his mind in response along with a compulsion to speak obeyed despite annoyed with what he was seeing in his mind. Tom Norok was interrupted from speaking the story by a familiar laser light flashing near his shoulder off his right. He grimaced hearing nothing in response to that laser’s hitting instead eyed the gun warily. He gave the gun a glare in response only to hear Keeper’s familiar hissing comment obeyed despite the laser from the gun was seen wildly firing all over the place. He had to duck while telling the story. Tom Norok cut himself off seeing the gun’s laser aimed at him making him duck behind the console. He found the laser kept on flaring above him as he squat and heard Keeper’s familiar hissing words obeyed to keep on speaking the story as remembered in his mind.
“That was the end of the talk involving Tom Norok via my mind.” Tim heard speaking.
Recorder eyed Barry who formed his familiar concentration look making her disgusted and sensed the male was seeing something. 
Barry was speaking via All Seeing God One mental ability “I’m finding he had quit talking and was appearing to be lying onto the floor on his back. I focused onto Tom Norok as if drawn to find the male was just lying on the floor as the gun weapon’s laser light was seen overhead him. I eyed Tom Norok who appeared to be lying casually with an arm appearing to scaly snake skin like covering his eyes. I found Tom Norok removed his arm appearing to look scaly skin like of a snake Humanoid and appeared to be focusing onto my eyesight’s view. 
It made me shocked seeing that as Tom Norok formed a golden eyed glare with Berserker side ability and spoke in Rakcaran language hissing away I heard ‘Quit staring at me you stinking battery.’
I found myself focused onto the ceiling as if drawn to find nothing indicate of a battery’s status instead resumed focus onto Tom Norok who kept on lying on the floor ignoring the gun’s laser. 
I wound up looking around via my eyesight within my mind as if drawn to mentally think ‘Where did Keeper go?’
I thought of Keeper only to find nothing came to my mind on where she went till I focused onto Tom Norok who had managed to clasp his hands on top of his chest ignoring the laser’s lights flaring overhead. 
Tom Norok again hissed angrily ‘Quit the staring now!’”
Barry, to Recorder’s relief quit the seeing via his mental ability and gave her a familiar glare indicating she should be doing something involving other than listening to him speaking. 
Recorder spoke in response “Yes, Barry? Something I can do for you?”
Barry spoke in response while still giving his familiar glare “Should you be in bed asleep? As indicated by the butler in the room giving off his familiar Tsk sounds?”
Recorder found the butler, James or clone of him in the room giving off loud Tsk sounds and looking annoyed who spoke “It’s time for the inhabitants of the residence to retire to bed now for naps as required.”
Recorder found Dalton not in sight to groan loudly in response wound up getting up while carrying the laptop in her hands. Barry and Nikolai were sensed following her to her bedroom to sit in their familiar seats. Recorder resumed typing onto laptop till Nikolai groaned loudly to notice the male’s Berserker side in control. 
Recorder grimaced getting a thought involving Tom Mindbender as if compelled by Merra snickering in her mind and found herself typing this “Tom figured he’ll interrupted Victoria’s laptop typing by a kiss on the side of her neck including hair parted for that. He wound up getting Victoria to bed asleep after getting her distracted from fiddling with the laptop. Tom got Victoria’s laptop onto the bed stand and then forced her to lie down and forced her eyes shut.”
Recorder heard nothing in response from Merra but a compulsion to shut the laptop in response and take a nap which she obeys. 

Recorder wound up waken up by the alarm clock to groaned figuring to herself “It’s a memory Tom’s furious to remember about.”
She recalls fell asleep as ordered by a Meritanian, Merra saying Ramses’ familiar comment of “Nighty night smarty.”
Recorder wound up woken up by hearing the alarm clock going off while lying in bed wound up sitting up in a fast move to shut the thing off its noises. Recorder found that Nikolai managed to snatch her special pillow made out of Tom’s hair given to her via a clone having a hair cut. Nikolai from the looks of him, according to Recorder appeared to be still asleep with the pillow placed it on top of his head while rolling over onto his side. He was groaning loudly in response as Barry left the room via door banging sound and heard Recorder rapid fired paced of the laptop. Recorder figured Barry went to take a shower in her Father’s bedroom’s own private bathroom. She figured it was best to follow his example by showering herself into her own private bathroom. The showering was mostly examining herself into some babying ritual for anything involving her cloning status and scarring marks onto her back. It involves running hands over herself with the soap and soaping herself includes not sparing the privates or sensitive parts. Recorder got out of the shower to be dried and dressed and found Nikolai not in the bathroom waiting his turn. 
Recorder wound up finding the butler standing in the doorway of the bedroom speaking “Lockdown is lifted. The Master is awake and demanding residence inhabitants to hit the dining room for food.”
Recorder obeyed and went to the dining room for a meal “Food is always grown in Australia Atoll and nowhere else.” according to Yana, saying that whenever she’s visiting Jinks Montreal’s residence. 
Recorder recalled to herself as Dalton called “Emma!”
“I’m currently taking residence in Jinks Montreal’s residence with Dalton and Barry staying there occasionally. 
Yana used the excuse ‘I haven’t been living in Aire long enough to figure out where to go around the planet side. So I insist on living with a clone of Tom at his residence as assigned to him.’”
Recorder typing her thoughts down adds “Yana is still referring to Barry as Daddy despite Dalton taking the Jinks Montreal persona and persona as Lance Richard, deity lord. Yana has refused to call Dalton or my father by the wording of daddy or any fatherly name.
Yana saying an excuse ‘Dalton doesn’t feel like a daddy to me despite getting that from Barry or daddy himself.’ 
It’s Barry who does the publicity for Jinks Montreal and Lance Richard’s personas while Dalton keeps Lance Richard’s crown in a safe place on his form when that deity isn’t in use.” 
Recorder quit typing after a bit to eat her food recalling to herself “Tom the original drank his food of some alternative liquid called Vodka some milk with grains of herbal tea in it and nothing else as his nourishment while serving the High Council. I recall that the High Council ran experiments onto various Tom clones for that nourishment taking.” 
Recorder ate her food then after that went to type onto the laptop. Recorder wound up hearing Merra snickering in her mind to her annoyance. 
Recorder recalled “After freed via Tank’s manipulation onto from the tube holding me in the Hall of One Thousand Voices the Souler Council after a debate sent me to my father’s residence.” 
Recorder groaned as she recalled “I found myself transported to Jinks Montreal’s residence into the dining room to find Dalton inside seated into the chair with appearance twin to Jinks Montreal my father. I later learned that Dalton was actually my father the original of the cloned Jinks Montreal raising me whenever I was living at his residence. 
I recalled I wound up cloned after Meritanians confessed to me via me sleeping in the Hall of One Thousand Voices ‘High Council have manoids who amuse them cloned to be manipulated into serving them including elsewhere on the mainland of the First Ones. Hence you cloned for servitude by you inheriting your Father’s Master abilities.’”
Recorder heard a loud sigh interrupting her typing to find Nikolai in the room. Nikolai went to sit down eyeing Dalton warily who was trying to sleep via eyes shut and leaning back into a chair.  Recorder didn’t protest as Dalton without a word got up from the dining chair and darted out of the room screaming loudly. Nikolai ignored Dalton’s screaming of frustration and remained seated at the dining table finding Barry speaking Builder’s chatter and disappearing into a light show. 
Nikolai was seen frowned as Recorder in response getting up carrying her computer laptop and speaking “I think I’ll hit the library.”
Nikolai was heard sighed and remained seated in response to Recorder’s comment to recall to herself as compelled Tom’s thinking comment appearing to be Nikolai’s thought “Yana was sleeping in the library’s room on an air mattress that flattened itself multiple times. She was balking on sleeping in Victoria’s bedroom. Not entirely sure why despite she balking on answering my questions.’” 
Recorder went to the library to find an air mattress there which she wound up sitting into an armchair and recalled a memory of Tim in the dining room after Dalton ran to sleep. Tim found the butler in the room with a loud Tsk sound. 
According to the butler “Its lockdown time for the inhabitants to be into their rooms while the Master is down asleep.”
Tim found himself agreeing and went to Victoria’s old bedroom lying on her bed with the residence black cat Samantha, as dubbed tummy sitting onto his chest he made himself appear to be asleep with eyes shut. 

Recorder in the library heard the door open to hear a loud Tsk sound of the butler to pause from typing.
Recorder gave the butler a glare who spoke “It’s naptime for the inhabitants to be in their bedrooms sleeping. The librarian isn’t a proper place for napping Miss Montreal.”
Recorder will type more later despite butler still giving off his annoying noises.

Recorder went to her bedroom to find Nikolai on the bed acting like he heard the door open followed by him displaying Tom’s familiar smirk smile as if he sensed Victoria, his love in the room by feelings hitting him via his sense of her in his presence. Nikolai heard sighed and groaned softly as he indicated again got a memory into his mind as Recorder got the armchair was adjusted followed by her seated into it. Barry no where in sight and figured that the male was consoling Dalton with a memory problem bothering him. 
Recorder heard Nikolai broke the silence of her staring onto him by speaking “I got a memory as put there by the Meritanians doing it to whoever living on planet Aire as some joke.”
Recorder spoke in response “I’ll type that down as you want for records later.”
Nikolai appeared to ignore her comment and went into his story ignoring her typing it down via laptop.

Tom Norok recalled his planetary world of Shadan he lived in tried to get back to it while thinking to himself “I’m dying. I want to be back to Shadan to live with Victoria again.”
Nikolai added “Tom is always obsessed with Victoria as always!”
Recorder cleared her throat in response as Nikolai continued his tale.

Tom Norok got his wish granted by Meritanian, Zerra as she calls herself, transporting him to a travel gate and off the planet. He found Zerra didn’t transport him off the planetary world of Rakcar or Mars, when he left but appeared to transport him elsewhere on the planet. 
“The machines” according to Zerra broadcasting in his head via vibration “The machines are running low on power and juice including needing yourself to be hooked up as a power source. I’ll guide you to the power source.”
Tom Norok found the battery to the power source is in the lake looking muddy red to him and figured away of swimming to the battery an underwater lighthouse he dived to and reached it to get himself hooked up. He found the underwater lighthouse's machine grabbed him when he's near it and hooked him up to the machine. He felt his body died and his mind organ the brain remains hooked into the machine. Tom Norok dropped name of Tom and calls himself Brainwave. He uses travel gates found on the planet to lure people to come to the planetary world and manipulated machines to get the people hooked up despite some resistance done. Brainwave found a pair of female twins entering his world via travel gate. He tried to hook them up into a machine for medical checking. Twins gave resistance to that hook up by balking and pleading to get them out of that hook up by taking care of the machines instead. 
Other minds in machines hooked up convince Brainwave “Please agree with the twins' reason! The machines are beginning to fail from not much maintenance and that a Human is needed to do that work!” 
Brainwave agreed with that and allowed twins to maintain the machines of planet Rakcara. Brainwave kept on trapping other Humans to arrive to the planet and get them to take care of machines. Zeskaya species appear and take control of planetary world including maintain the machines. Brainwave discovers the Rakcar arrive via travel gates and resist being kicked out. Instead finds Rakcar caused a plague to the machine's caretakers and killed most of the people including nearly stabbing their leader Sun Lord to death. Zeskayas travel off planet to the familiar meeting room in Rakcar underground despite known as Humania via point of origin. Humanian Jon arrived from Edenia which Rakcar figure out machines and Humans used to take care of them take control of planetary world. Rakcar find Brainwave mind in the lighthouse machine takes him out despite resistance done and killed him then realized that they need a mind to take control of the planet's systems via that mind. Captured Jon and hooked him up into that machine. Zerra, a Meritanian communicated to Jon via images. Rakcar can hear her chatter every where planet bound and threatened her with death if she talks. Zerra communicated to Jon via images of how to control lighthouse technology as Rakcar drain the large lake where it's at and build more machines with further hooking up people onto it. Jon became trapped forever and learns from Zerra's mental communication on how to control systems via that trapped status in his mind. Rakcar get obsessed with technology and then get obsessed with the Zeskaya moving fast and hidden statuses enough to get technology invented for themselves to do the abilities themselves. They forget to live for themselves as in eating sleeping and procreate offsprings. Zeskaya wound up trying to have Rakcar removed from Rakcara and having planet underneath the Drainers. Zeskaya figured that the Drainers are better leaders for controlling the planet themselves. Zeskaya thought wrong on that attitude. Drainers wound up controlled by their lust for blood and wound up feeding onto various natives including themselves to death. Some of those natives via warship leave the planet to escape the Drainers. They settle in planet Aire after this species dubbed Fishla created the Annoyov Barrack Station- 

Nikolai cut the tale by shaking his head and growling angrily “Argh you stinking Meritanian!” 
Recorder found a memory of Yana in her mind. It involved Yana typing onto the laptop of her residence with Tim followed by her getting clad in masked High Council servant wear and standing up while folding her laptop and disappeared into a light show of Meritanian transporting. Recorder recalled that Yana’s side job for the Souler Council is typing stories spoken to the group in the High Council’s throne room. Recorder recalled she felt annoyance take hold to remember a clone of Tom had resume lying onto the bed focusing onto Victoria via his mental ability to see her. The clone had an ability to spy onto Recorder and seeing what she was doing at all times. Recorder recalled the clone’s spying onto her and annoyed her to no end. She heard a loud ahem sound including a click noises to open his eyes to find Barry in the room giving Nikolai a familiar glare.
Nikolai on her bed spoke “What do you want now, Barry?”
Barry spoke “You can see where Victoria is anywhere planet side like a clone of yours in the Tom side and I can see anyone via my mental abilities.”
Recorder felt disgust hearing Barry’s wording to hear Nikolai sighed and spoke “Guilty as charged.”
Recorder gave Barry a glare that spoke Builder’s chatter and disappeared into a light show which she saw Nikolai shut his eyes and appeared to display Tom’s familiar smirk like he was seeing something amusing via his mind to her disgust.
Recorder gave Nikolai a glare only to hear Merra’s snickering like laughter sounding in her mind followed by a memory to found Victoria, she recognizes as a clone as the Annoyov Barrack Station’s Trading Center via description of Yana describing it. 
Recorder frowned to think to herself of the memory “There’s someone who wants Veronica Thomas Incorporation or clones of me to record their story.”
Recorder found her hunch correct by Victoria or clone going to the bar to sit putting the laptop and typing it down while hearing a stool next to her manipulated. Recorder recalled the memory as if compelled by Merra putting it there. She found Victoria or clone not alone in the station instead founds a Humanoid version of a snake via scaly skin of green with large yellow eyes in a gonoid form sitting next to her via stool with looks of Tom Norok by his facial appearance. The snake manoid is another version of Tom Norok who is clad in a blue jumpsuit indicating cleaning to him while noticing a cleaning cart nearby she didn’t notice before. She, Recorder heard silence from her wound up not commenting a word instead typed down onto laptop till the manoid is heard speaking in basic. 
“I’m called Tom Norok and this is my story to anyone who cares.” as heard from the manoid via paying attention by memory. 
Recorder heard further snickering from Merra kept her mouth shut and looked through the laptop recalling on Yana typing a story file while the clone was typing his story down in response to Tom Norok’s tale. 

Recorder found the file as emailed to her and read it entirely. Recorder found the end of Tom Norok’s talk. 
Recorder found via typing file of Veronica Thomas Incorporation “Tom Norok without a word got up and went to the cleaning cart and walked away pushing to a mess of a spot of blood lying on the floor and began mopping it.” 
Recorder felt confusion when she thought to herself “Why is Tom Norok living in the abandoned station as some janitor?” 
Recorder read more of the file clone calling herself ‘She.’ 

She was feeling fingers touching the side of her neck in some method that indicates a Drainer’s feeding. She felt annoyance take hold having her typing cut off and attend to the vampire seemingly in the mood to feed off of her. She found herself meeting a Drainer dubbed Aiden by description of him appearing to be into some feeding mood. Aiden was refusing her efforts to listen to her speaking “Just save me for another day will you?”
Aiden proceeded to feed off she as in vampire sucking via biting the neck area including putting a hand onto her chest right onto the breast like fondling her to her disgust.
She felt annoyance and anger hitting her to think “I’m feeling emotions of Tom via connection to him spying onto his female Victoria hence the feelings hitting me.” 
Aiden mostly got her into an arm trapped status while doing the feeding. Aiden left her alive in response and wound up once done feeding licked her neck and then walked elsewhere while whistling like a Human. 
She was sensed to felt dizziness earlier via the sucking and found her forced onto a stool by Tom Norok who spoke “Sit!”
Tom Norok sounded like a Master ordering a dog when he spoke his command. 
She had no choice but to obey followed by Tom Norok thrusting her cup into her hand and ordering her “Drink!”
She figured thinking “The drink is milk the sacred medicinal drink by the natives of Aire who drink it to heal instantly.”
She was forced to obey by Meritanian means to sipped the drink sipped it up entirely while trying to avoid the compulsion of gulping it. Once done drinking Tom Norok ordered she up and saw her in the presence of the High Council aka Souler Council with the High Council’s familiar speakers Shad and Onya there. She didn’t protest as he sensed her laptop yanked from her hand and held by Anubis.
She wound up thinking “They were downloading her files onto their computer via hacking methods.” 
She felt annoyance take hold finding that happen instead found she handed the laptop and then transported to a residence where she’s staying with her Tom.

Recorder found herself compelled to go in the dining room alone and went to type till a loud Tsk sound is heard sounding nearby of the butler. 
Butler via voice spoke “Its lockdown mode now. Meant that the Master has gone to take a nap and requests residence to be contained in rooms asleep. Just to spare the Eli the computer for reporting people as intruders.”
Recorder wound up carrying laptop to her bedroom to find Nikolai inside lying asleep on the air mattress bed. He, according to Recorder appeared to make himself appeared to ignore her arrival instead remained asleep while seeing via his mind of Victoria doing something making him smirked a smile on his face like he was dreaming something amusing. Recorder hoped that Nikolai was assumed that he’s dreaming of something and nothing else involving spying onto her. Recorder wound up seen by Nikolai spying going to the armchair to sit typing till the Meritanians compelled her to type down a story as narrated into her mind broadcasting to her via Merra.

Nikolai interrupted grumbling hearing the story interrupted speaking "Go away and speak you’re story to someone else now!"
Recorder found Meritanians obeying to be silent before Nikolai shut his eyes to focus only to hear Merra speaking her story again. Nikolai’s repeated comments were ignored by Recorder who instead typed it down as feeling like needing to do it till she wound up hit with a memory to her disgust. Recorder wound up focused onto Victoria or clone to found her landing onto metallic floor with an oof sound. Recorder found Victoria or clone transported to the Souler Council to her disgust.
Victoria clone in response went to type onto laptop as seen till Shad was heard speaking “Transport Recorder out now!”
Recorder via memory found the Meritanians obeying to recall the Victoria clone landed onto her bed with an oof sound. Recorder shook her head of the memory to focus onto Nikolai displaying his Berserker side and running fingers through his hair as if he felt himself given a memory of his clones. 
Recorder waited lengthy for Nikolai to speak his story which he obeyed “It’s a compulsion to hit the bathroom before Tom saw Victoria landed onto the bed who sighed and went to the bathroom’s door to yell at her to join inside. Tom managed to get Victoria into the shower for a mating ritual involving mouths all over including soaping and shampooing. Tom ended the ritual by getting out of the shower once he declared himself done. Tom sensed Victoria follow him out and got dressed into her familiar black sweats and went to the laptop with him seated on the armchair.” 
Recorder heard her stomach growling and thought to herself “How long does this stupid lockdown have to happen for Dalton’s nap anyway?” 
Recorder got an answer to her question by James knocking onto the door and finding the butler speaking “Lockdown is over with. You’re free to wander around but not the Master’s bedroom. Just go to the dining room for nourishment and call for Emma, the cook’s wife to give you food.”
Recorder obeyed to do that as Nikolai followed her while appearing to be trying to admire her seat as if acting liked Tom via feelings. Recorder found herself giving Nikolai a smirk or one of Tom’s favorite smiles when she looked his direction behind her. Recorder in response got nothing in response from Nikolai to her smirk smile instead was ignored by him smirking and appeared to be remembering a Victoria memory. Recorder went to her familiar spot in the dining table with Nikolai next to her. Dalton wound up currently seated in the Jinks Montreal’s spot and appearing to look grumpy. 
“It seems like he’s given memories of Jinks Montreal and Lance Richard to remember and having trouble sleeping.” Thought Recorder who added to herself typing this down “Hence he keeps on nodding off and appearing to sleep while in the chair displaying his Lance Richard persona despite shaking his head and forming a glare and looking grumpy to me. Pity Father suffering from this joke by the Meritanians. I suspect I’m not immune to this joke as thought by Merra’s snickering like laughter sounding in my mind occasionally.” 
Barry, Recorder saw arrived via clad in clothes twin to Alexei Zesky’s when he was running the Zesky Asylum in his Human form. Recorder found Yana appearing into the room via light show while in her wheelchair with her familiar computer tablet and appeared to be fiddling with it. 
“Must be waiting to record anybody speaking stories.” Recorder thought to herself.
After a lengthy silence was sensed of typing her thoughts down till a throat clearing noise is heard. It sounded like Barry to find the male was giving Dalton his familiar glare. Recorder figured the glare involved Dalton balking on calling for Emma, the female to hand out food. 
“Emma!” she heard from Dalton who appeared to get the message.
Emma arrived via kitchen carrying a tray holding food and placed it in front of Dalton including speaking “Excuse me while I get other nourishment for you and your guests, Master Jinks.”
Emma obeyed to do what she said carrying trays multiple times and got food to the dining room’s inhabitants including Recorder. 
Merra snickering in Recorder’s mind made her think “I’m compelled to type again.”

Recorder’s thought was wrong actually. Recorder found herself compelled to shut laptop and stand up followed by being in the presence of the Souler Council after a transportation order was done onto her. Recorder via memory sat down to type onto the laptop. Recorder appeared to be ignoring that her work saved onto laptop was being hacked and downloaded onto their computer. This was followed by transported back into Dalton’s familiar residence. Dalton’s familiar scream of frustration was heard to give her father a glare that got up in a fast speed move and ran out of the room. Recorder focused onto Barry while Nikolai was giving the male a glare of Berserker in control while waving a hand into the male’s direction. 
Recorder heard a loud “Yes, Nikolai what do you want now?”
Nikolai willed aside the Berserker and focused onto Barry while speaking “Shouldn’t you be doing something about Dalton’s lack of sleeping and letting memories in his mind control him?”
He glared at Barry who got up in response and spoke Builder’s chatter and disappeared into a light show.
Nikolai gave Recorder a glare which she spoke in response while noticing Yana wasn’t around despite visiting earlier “If Dalton protests to the mind manipulation by the Meritanians the High Council or Souler Council whatever name their calling themselves will have him into service as an assassin like their doing to whoever is an original to a cloned status around here.”
Nikolai gave up a sound of disgust in response only to hear the butler’s familiar Tsk sound. 
Nikolai glared at James in response who spoke “The Master has retired to his bedroom. Lockdown is active now. So leave the dining room to your bedrooms now Mister Thunder and Miss Thomas.”
Nikolai wound up obeying to go to Victoria’s bedroom to plop himself onto the bed focusing onto whatever memory via his mind as Recorder went to type onto bed.
Nikolai admits after a lengthy silence “I focused onto Victoria being transported to the Souler Council only to hear found her transported back to Jinks’ residence back into the dining room finding no one inside but the butler. 
Butler spoke ‘Its lockdown. So go to your room now Missus Thunder.’”
I watched Victoria obey while inside her bedroom. I should have realized this was a memory of Yana acting as Victoria while living at Jinks Montreal’s residence. The Meritanians don’t spare me of getting memories of three females. One named Victoria, second named Katherine important to Jinks Montreal’s clone and third named Georgina Visser important to Nikolas Visser despite memories of Trigan named Raisa fully in my mind acting angry at Nikolas for an unexplained reason.”
Recorder found Nikolai quit talking and eyed him to see he lying onto the bed with an arm over his eyes and he ignoring the intrusion of her seated in the armchair typing again. Recorder instead got ignored by Nikolai joining him onto the bed to sit next to him. This was followed by her hands yanking his sweat shirt up and running fingers into some playful move over his sides tickling him. .
Nikolai protested in response “Victoria, ha, ha!”
Recorder admits to forgetting that Nikolai isn’t her Tom despite feeling like he’s her Tom. Nikolai cut the tickling by wound up displaying his Berserker side and made a familiar cat claw gesture into her face cutting the game he finding the tickling reached its limits.
Recorder recalling to herself “Victoria has habitually forgotten that Tim is actually not her Tom. Hence she was tickling Tim via memory of her doing it in response like what she does to her Tom. It sucks when Merra does that compulsion to me. Nothing I can do involving Nikolai’s looks twin to Tom via his muscular body form despite having my Father’s face with golden Human eyes. Nikolai sometimes when I watch him sleep appears to want to bite something via his mouth making those movements. I’m not sure if it’s his Nikolas persona doing it or something else.” 
Recorder to Nikolai’s relief quit the tickling in response and went to type onto the laptop till Merra’s voice blared into her mind “I got something from the files to tell you, sticky Vicky!”
Recorder wants the record to say “I hate the name of sticky Vicky and despise it like nuts.”

Merra wound up speaking some story in response. 
“Knight traveling via horseback spots lightening hitting an island an island of sand onto a shallow lake. Knight spots the lightening appears to be purple colored. Not entirely sure of what that lightening was according to the knight. He on horseback goes to the lake to travel via foot to the sandy bar island to find a stick of a spear with a Human’s Z symbol on it. The spear sitting there appearing to be attracting lightening by its sitting there charged up. 
Knight thinks “The spear is special.” 
Yanks spear off the sandy bar feeling nothing hitting him involving electricity but feels powerful with that thing in his hand. Knight goes to his horse finding the horse isn’t alone. Horse is accompanied by a series of horses and on them are knights with their King.
King who has a crown on his head spoke “I demands knave to give me the spear or die!” 
Knight is forced by the king’s guards getting off the horses and attacking him which they managed to get him into arm holds to force him to kneel. Knight is glaring at the king with hatred as the king without a word takes the spear from the knight. King holds spear up high as there are cheering sounds from the other knights. Knight is annoyed with this thievery. He glares at the king who goes back onto horse.
King wound up speaking followed “I ordering this fool stripped of his clothes and weapons including taking his horse with us!” 
Knights obey despite the knight balking and giving resistance till he naked. Knights widen eyes seeing the knight’s body form is different from any Human’s body form as in muscular form. 
King doesn’t seem to notice this instead spoke “I orders knights to get onto horse and ride to the castle!” 
Knight is lifted up and tossed into the shallow lake splashing into it as knights leave via horses with their king. Knight gets up shivering to find a blanket lying nearby onto the ground as if carelessly tossed and uses that as coverage. Knight finds his horse faithful to him running into sight towards him as if the mare was rump whacked. Horse goes to the knight and knight with blanket on him gets onto horse and found the mare seemed to have some instinct to lead him elsewhere away from King’s lands instead elsewhere to another King’s land. Knight finds horse leads him to King Anyan of Anya’s lands by the signs. Knight is Mindbender doesn’t protest as horse gets him onto a road to King Anyan’s castle. Only to feel like tiredness hitting him slides off the horse onto the ground and falls asleep while lying there. He comes to hearing barking sounds of dogs including horses to shake sleepiness from his eyes as a gathering of dogs arrive into sight to pounce onto him. He frowns as the horses arrive with riders he recognizes King Anyan of Anya on a horse.
King Anyan spoke “I orders Shad to the castle!” calling him “This is my brother Shad that was missing via horse found nearby him.” 
He recognizes the horse as his mare and obeys to get onto her and finds a knight grabbing the reins and pulling the horse to the King’s castle. At the castle the King gets him into a bedroom to lie down and sleep. Mindbender sleeps on and off till he meets Victoria in the past form that mate with him despite he not giving resistance. Mindbender finds himself drawn to Victoria whose he’s in love with as she’s in love with him in return. King Anyan doesn’t approve of the relationship instead kicks Mindbender out of the castle when he catches Shad and Victoria in a kissy faced ritual in the hallway.
 They thinking “We’re alone to kiss.” 
Mindbender is allowed to leave wearing clothes and his faithful horse to ride. Mindbender again spots lightening onto a lake really from a High Council’s warship firing onto the lake despite hidden by clouds of stormy weather of thunderstorms. Mindbender goes to the lake to find a sand bar holding a spear that is glowing a golden colored in response to the lightening purple colored firing onto the spear. Mindbender goes to the spear via foot off his horse and finds the water shallow. Mindbender walks to the spear and yanks the thing off the sand bar. Feels a charge of electricity within him that makes him feel powerful enough to do anything he can. Mindbender gets spear into his hand and gets off the lake to his horse to find the animal gone. He’s surrounded by multiple knights on horses including one appearing to be wearing a cape and a crown with a mask of death a Sun’s mask of golden. Mindbender is annoyed as knights get off horses and surround him forcing him to kneel via swords poking him. Mindbender’s spear is yanked away from his hand and given to the King with death’s face on who raised it up high in some victory method. Knights around the king cheer in response. Mindbender feels annoyed with the thievery as the king jabs fingers at the knight and gestures. He finds what the king means via gestures is lifting him up via knights and throwing him into the lake and pushing his face into the water as if drowning him. He finds they don’t drown him. Instead leave him sputtering out water. He finds himself alone as the knights and king leave via horseback leaving him lying in the water. He goes to the sandbar and sulks till his familiar horse arrives via alone without anyone on her to sit via the lake’s edge eating grass. 
Mindbender heard thinking “My horse is faithful to me.” gets out of the lake to the horse and gets onto horseback to ride elsewhere. 
Mindbender finds his attempts to guide the horse via directions are balked as if the gonoid has some sense guiding her to someplace when gonoid was manipulated by Meritanian. Mindbender frowns as the horse leads him through the forest jungle despite monsters of draining blood said to live there. The monsters leave him alone as the horse gallops through the jungle via pathway of a walking path. He frowns as the horse leads him to a cave with a door on it and finds the horse making a path to a rope off the side to pull it via mouth like ringing a bell. Horse again manipulated by Meritanians to do that like a trained gonoid. Mindbender frowns as the door is opened showing a figure dressed in brown hooded robes that admits him and the horse inside followed by the door shutting behind him as rain falls hard. Mindbender finds the mysterious robed figure turning out to be Highlanders with pointed ears and small Human eyed looks including appearing to know him and accept him as one of their own despite the name of Mindbender used onto him-” 
Merra ended the story as blared to Recorder she interrupted by Tank heard blaring “Not what I remember involving you, Merra telling that story.”
Recorder frowned but didn’t think of a comment instead kept her mind blank and waited for Tank to speak something. Tank obeyed to her patience while feeling herself compelled to typing the story down rapid fired paced a story involving Tom Mindbender as the main character.

"Ahh!" yelled Tom as the horse reared up nearly knocking him off her back. 
He gripped the reins tighter and forced the mare to stand despite rearing up on her back legs. Tom eyed the bushes clustered around a tree gathered ahead in front of him with green eyes sight of night vision clear as day with his eyes. He narrowed his eyes glaring at the bushes as they rumbled along with the gathering trees nearby making his senses blare warning giving him a fearful feeling. He continued to stiffen as the bushes showed a Tyrannosaurus Rex that gave up a roaring sound while baring fanged teeth. He eyed the dinosaur that charged towards him which he forced the horse to move by kicking her sides with his feet hearing her whinny sound of terror. He allowed the horse to have her head running through the bushes weaving around the trees till he heard a river sound guided her towards it due to knowing that the dinosaur would give up chase if he and the mare went into the water which they arrived to the water and got inside. Tom felt the horse swimming in the water from the feeling of sinking not felt as he heard the dinosaur roar behind him as the mare reached the other side of the river and got out of the water. He looked behind him with frustration seeing the dinosaur on the river bank on the opposite side still roaring away that he would have to take another route through the forest to get to his destination. 
Tom spoke out loud "It's a holiday today. I promised Victoria that I would be home for the holiday from High Council’s base where I'm currently receiving training." 
He gently patted the horse on the side and urged her to follow the river bank a lengthy period of time till a bridge of stone came into view. He reached the other side and sighed forcing the horse to gallop in the forest till she halted the riding by rearing up again indicating a dinosaur hidden in the bushes waiting to pounce by the plants rumbling in front of them abruptly. He stiffened from the feeling of fear hitting him felt the mare's nervousness as the bushes and trees stopped rumbling showing another Tyrannosaurus Rex that bared its fanged teeth gnashing them.
Tom gasped out "Oh no!" 
He urged the horse in another direction away from the dinosaur who gave up a loud roar behind him as he allowed the horse to have her way through the forest running with fear sensed from her and himself. Tom looked behind him to see the dinosaur was behind them running after them. He stiffened seeing that feeling fear hitting him shifted to face the front while riding the horse. Tom heard silence in the forest instead of the familiar sounds of crickets sounding. He gasped for air as he heard sounds of a roaring river nearby forced the mare towards the noises while glancing behind him to see the dinosaur hadn't given up chase. Tom groaned as the horse reared up throwing her hind legs behind her while hearing grunting groans from the dinosaur behind. He adjusted the horse from kicking to head towards the river crashing through the bushes while hearing her whinnying sounding panicky to him along with hearing growls from the dinosaur behind him still chasing. Tom found to his fear that there was a rocky cliff with another cliff in another direction with distance too far for a horse to jump. Tom heard the dinosaur roar behind him urged the horse to halt and turn around facing the Tyrannosaurus Rex. Tom gripped the reins and urged the horse away from the cliff's edge and got the dinosaur back to it near the edge as an idea came to his mind. He ordered the horse to rear up each time towards the dinosaur's front making the Tyrannosaurus Rex back up towards the edge. He found himself still nervous as the mare was sensed scared underneath him but obeyed to his orders of till the dinosaur reached the edge and refused to budge from the horse's manipulations. Tom felt fear take control as the horse gave off a loud whinnying sound and without his command took off in a direction with the cliff overhang off his right. He again looked behind him to see the dinosaur was again giving chase. Tom looked off his right as the horse continued to gallop which his eyes spotted a rope bridge coming into view urged the horse towards it. He found to his fear that the rope bridge looked flimsy looking and didn't seem to be strong from the looks of but he wasn't sure if the bridge could hold the horse and figured he'll risk it. He forced the mare onto the rope bridge finding it swung a bit on each hoof step. Tom heard a loud roar behind him which he looked to see the dinosaur was still on the cliff at the rope bridge's entrance still roaring away. He felt himself still nervous as he guided the horse slowly over the rope bridge and forced himself not to look down at the river rushing down below which he glimpsed it in a waterfall. He felt vertigo from looking down making him dizzy which he forced himself to keep looking up concentrating onto the other side of where the rope bridge ended. He felt the dizziness continue as the horse continued to walk on the bridge while feeling it sway from her movements tipping back and forth. Tom heard the horse give off a loud whinnying while stopping abruptly instead of walking forwards which he looked behind to see the dinosaur was gnawing at one of the ropes holding up the bridge. He looked away and urged the horse to walk faster over the rope bridge finding they halfway through it to feel the bridge beginning to sag onto its side from the dinosaur's gnawing. He found the horse obeyed to his urging hurriedly got across to the cliff wall revealing a cave entrance and nothing else around it. He got the horse onto land as there was a loud snapping sound heard behind him. He looked to see one of the ropes of the bridge had given away and it was sagging off its side as he again heard the familiar roaring noise from the dinosaur again. He shifted to face the cave entrance from knowing it involved enclosed spaces making him feel fear from being in caves and such places like that. Tom forced the horse into the cave forcing the mare to take her time walking in it. He sighed despite clad in his military combat uniform minus his guns due to the base had refused to let him take them with him to his destination as the mare walked through the cave passageway seemingly endless seemed to go around in bends of circles. He looked around the passageway seeing that some had openings indicating nothing which he figured to himself were entrances to bottomless pits making him more nervous and urged the horse to continue traveling faster. Tom gasped as the horse stumbled slipping her feet but avoided knocking him off along with keeping herself standing. He again urged the horse to continue to keep on gasping each time the horse stumbled slipping and sliding over rocks he saw was really ice which he kept a tight hold onto the reins urging the mare to keep going. He gulped for air through his mouth as the horse kept on her slipping and sliding over the rocky ground while following the cave passageway. He shivered teeth chattering while feeling the horse was moving to keep herself warm as she kept up her slipping and sliding way through the cave passageway. He continued to hold the reins as the horse traveled through the cave still slipping and sliding away till his eyes sight blinked from day vision to night vision repeatedly over and over due to him being a hybrid Human with some animalistic night vision traits put in him for being created that way via medical experiments done onto him. He sighed figuring that they were near a Highlander manipulated point in the cave marking it in the cave passageway to Highlanders traveling over land. He sighed figuring that he was safe for now only to feel fear hitting him as crackling of electricity was heard coming from the passageway in the cave along with hearing the horse giving off whinnies. Tom forced the horse to continue as day vision blared in his eyesight illuminating the cave passageway full of whiteness by glow balls shining in the walls put there by Highlanders who first discovered the cave passageway. He looked around seeing the glow balls crackled of electricity giving off sparks repeatedly making him nervous as the sparks flew from them. He heard the horse give off a loud whinnying sound forced the mare passed the glow balls that seemed numerous and all around them except for the ground was bare of them. He found to his relief the glow balls came to an end as night vision again resumed blaring in his eyesight. Tom found the ground according to the horse no longer icy but had water on it that indicated an underground river. He forced the horse to travel through the cave passageway following the river that slowly moved sensing himself becoming braver. He sighed as the horse traveled through the river splashing loudly till the river came to an end and then there were sounds of crunching noises as they entered an apparent by sight vast cave room. He looked down with a frown at the noises' source to feel fear hitting him again seeing that the earth was littered with bones indicating both Human and gonoids from glimpses of skeleton heads seen indicating both. Tom saw above on a cave wall clinging to it was appearing to be sleeping was a large scaly four footed dinosaur similar sized as a full grown Human male. He recognized was a dubbed a Dragon for belching out fire towards people and gonoids when capturing them for eating, that was appearing to wake up from sleeping status by head shaking. He continued to eye the Dragon that appeared to struggle from sleeping status as the horse crunched through the field of bones that seemed vast to him all around and let the mare have her way with the path due to sensing she would find the way out for him. Tom stiffened as the Dragon woke up belching up of fire and twisted its two horned bony head to eye him making him nervous as he eyed the gonoid. He urged the horse to hurry as the Dragon he saw adjusted its form to climb down from the cliff wall heading towards him. He felt nervousness hitting him as the horse entered a cave passageway that seemed low in ceiling and closer all around him making his fear of enclosed spaces hit unexpectedly. He gasped loudly as there was a loud roaring sound heard behind him along with heat of eater fire felt on his back which he forced the horse to move quickly through the passageway feeling her nervousness hitting as day vision flashed abruptly. He looked behind towards the cave entrance to see it illuminated by fire of the Dragon along with day vision flashing then stopped followed by night vision becoming dominant. Tom exhaled a breath feeling himself a bit relieved to see that the Dragon made no move to enter the passageway and have passed the danger of the gonoid's trap looked ahead of him to concentrate onto the path finding the cave passageway had jagged rocks dangling from the ceiling that made him bent low on the horse to avoid banging into them or causing a rockslide by the knocking off. He stiffened as there were sounds of rocks falling behind him abruptly making him more nervous as he looked to see part of the cave passageway had fallen showing piles of rocks nearby. He stiffened seeing the rock pile feeling himself more fearful. He forced himself to breathe slowly through his nose as he repeatedly ducked avoiding jagged rocks dangling in the cave passageway still feeling himself panicking but forced himself to be calm. He continued to hear sounds of rocks falling as the horse traveled through the cave which he heard noises becoming louder and louder as they reached the end of the cave showing a vast cave passageway with noises he recognized belonged to bats living in it overhead. Tom felt fear hitting him from stories of bats said to attack Humans traveling through caves by hitting them with their bodies knocking them unconscious followed by feeding onto them as a meal. The horse continued to walk through the cave while Tom eyed the ceiling overhead to spot too many to count bats clinging to it that rounded in a circle showing an entrance high above. He lowered himself onto the horse as he saw the bats abruptly flew all over and around him in numerous directions some felt hitting him while hearing the mare whinny repeatedly. He kept his tight hold onto the horse as she kept on walking while still feeling the bats hitting him. Tom felt the hitting stop raised his form to see the bats most of them were gone through the ceiling entrance as he felt relief as the horse entered a cave passageway that didn't seem cold to him or indicate animals travelling in it. He sighed softly only to groan of fear as rumbling vibrations was felt along with feeling of heat hitting him who he figured that they were traveling near a lava pathway hence the heat and rumbling vibrations. 
He mentally thought to himself "I wish I could keep my promise to Victoria that I'll get to her in time for Lancelot celebrations." 
He groaned as the heat became more blaring making him sweaty unexpectedly as he urged the horse continued to walk through the passageway that didn't resists to his urging. He groaned softly each time there was rumbles of earth shakes felt while looking around all around him seeing the cave was not just of earth but included metal scattered imbedded in the walls and ceiling all around him which he figured were holding the passageway from collapsing. Tom groaned as the heat continued to blare as there were openings in the cave passageway dripping of liquid he knew by instinct wasn't water but acid judging by them hitting the ground causing smoke to form. Tom urged the horse through the heated cave passageway making her continue despite her attempts to stop and her peals of protest indicating drinking statuses. He kept it up till the heat and rumbling vibrations slowly went away as they traveled through the cave passageway till coldness hit unexpectedly making him feel no longer sweaty. He sighed from the coldness and thought of his name of Mindbender and wondered by him was always given that bad luck nickname by the High Council’s Commander as his call sign instead of his actual name of Tom of Arianna.

Recorder felt annoyance again in response to Tank’s story she hearing his snickering voice tone. She sensed that Tank was broadcasting to Nikolai who was giving of sounds of disgust the story involving Tom. Nikolai heard by Recorder gave up a sound of disgust loudly during Tank’s talking the story. Recorder found Tank kept the name of Tom to her annoyance. Recorder as she eyed Nikolai appeared to be asleep ignoring the noises of Recorder’s typing kept on rapid fired typing the story down via Master in control see via her eyes all black. Nikolai was heard groaned and forced himself to listen to Tank’s story despite some annoying reaction to it by Recorder.  

Tom groaned softly finding the horse able to move through the snowy ground. He shivered from the cold as there was a loud roaring noise heard making him panic recognizing the noise as some kind of crocodile like dinosaur. Tom shook from the noises as the mare continued to travel through the cave which he heard water running unexpectedly heard the horse give off excited sounds and figured that she was terribly thirsty. He guided her through the cave passageway feeling himself nervous of when a dinosaur would pounce on them unexpectedly as there was a small waterfall come into view from the wall which he felt the horse needed a drink urged her towards it. He ran his fingers through the waterfall finding it was harmless water and leaned towards it taking gulps of water while allowing her to have her fill from the stream of water seeing that she was terribly thirsty from how lengthy she drank. He again guided her out of the cave passageway as he traveled through a cave passageway to hear a loud roaring noise sounding familiar to him making him look up unexpectedly to see with fear a giant scaly animal. He recognized as some giant dinosaur like crocodile appearing to be biting at the see through ceiling above him and not having success in breaking it till the ceiling's look stopped showing rocks in place with plants. Tom forced the mare to ignore the plants despite her whinnying and indicating that she wanted to eat by her repeatedly trying to go to the plants and him forcing her to move away from them. He gasped as he saw bones of a Human hanging from the plants and figured it was a living plant that would ensnare Humans. He urged the horse through the cave passageway finding her not protesting to the urging instead continued on going through it making him nervous in being captured by the plant's whims. Tom eyed the plant warily as they both traveled through the cave passageway finding he easily avoiding the plant's limbs. He felt wind blowing into the cave passageway as the plant ended making himself relieved but still nervous. Tom urged the mare through the cave to find they exiting the cave passageway and into fresh air of outside which he saw was actually a cliff hang with a rope bridge over a river leading to another cave entrance. 
He groaned out a soft groan and mentally spoke "When will I get out of traveling through the path? It's freaking me out." 
He groaned softly and urged the horse onto the rope bridge forcing himself to not look down despite always feeling some fear as the mare traveled onto it. He breathed hard through his mouth as the rope bridge again swayed from hoofs manipulating as they reached the cave entrance which they both went inside. He felt nervousness take hold as the horse galloped through the cave passageway he saw was entirely rounded all over and appeared to be made out of machine from the looks of it and was big and large enough for a horse and rider to gallop through it. He sigh feeling himself safe from harm as he again urged the horse through the cave passageway making him still nervous till they reached an opening showing a forest which he allowed her to have her fill from the plants gathered around the entrance. He sighed as the horse stopped her feeding and galloped through the forest crashing through the plants. He looked up to spot high above him was a shimmery shine in view he figured that they were now near a dome that covered the High Council’s dominated habit territory and was put in place to keep dinosaurs from targeting Highlanders.
He continued to ride which he heard "Beep, beep, beep."
Tom groaned hearing the noises making him nervous as the greenery in front of him rumbled showing a three horned towering overhead dinosaur with fanged teeth. He spied a metal collar around its neck with a jeweled object in the middle of it as the beeping noises continued loudly. He stiffened of fear hitting him recognizing the noises coming from the dinosaur's collar warning Highlanders of whenever a domesticated dinosaur was near. He heard the horse whinny as he got her to continue into the forest making her gallop out of sight and away to spy behind him was the dinosaur giving chase with the beeping noises sounding loudly. He continued to feel fear hitting him as the dinosaur's beeping noises was joined by multiple beeping noises sounding all over the place all around him to him. He saw a path indicating horse back travel use and figured that he'll take it to keep himself safe from running into dinosaurs hidden in the forest despite beeping noises heard all around. He urged the horse to run with him nervous himself still guiding her over the path while hearing noises of domesticated dinosaurs roaring all around him overtaking the beeping noises. 
He felt nervousness hit him as he continued galloping away thinking "Please don't let us bump into a dinosaur accidentally or have them target my ride until I'm done with her. I don't think I can stand travel through this forest without her." 
Tom found to his fear his plea ignored as they again bumped into a dinosaur by she rearing up again whinnying as the path curved towards the right. He halted the horse to see a dinosaur a Tyrannosaurus Rex come out of the bushes gnashing fanged teeth while wearing a metal collar around its neck. He urged the horse to gallop away onto the horse path as he heard multiple beeping noises sounding all around him instead of dinosaur roaring noises. He continued to bump into dinosaurs indicating that they were hungry and wanted to eat by aiming their mouths towards him and the horse along with giving chase through the forest as he and her traveled on the path. He halted when he saw a large structure loomed in sight unexpectedly showing the path leading towards it seeing a metal wall with a large metal a sign next to it as he heard zapping of electricity sounds behind him loudly halting dinosaurs' following progress. He looked behind him to see the familiar three horned dinosaur was still in the vicinity making steps towards him and witnessed the metal collar's jewel glow along with electricity zapping sounds heard coming from it. The animal backed up along with resuming stepping towards him with collar glowing again each time which would cause it to back up. 
Tom sighed feeling himself safe for now shifted to read the sign saying in High Council’s written language some primitive form of Human’s Japanese language on Terra “Egyptia, enter at your own risk Humans.” 
Tom looked around the area seeing he was in some clearing and saw that there wasn’t an entrance to the city as the dinosaur sounded again followed by multiple dinosaurs roaring again. He felt himself still nervous from the noises but felt his fearful feeling that had taken hold. Tom clung to the reins as the horse took off galloping with the city walled dome off his right. He found she refused to budge with her running path or obey his orders of getting her into a direction as she kept on galloping. He clung to her as he figured that she was taking him towards the city's dome entrance and glimpsed it in view. He allowed the horse to have her head leading him towards the dome's entrance which on arrival he found the doors open instead of closed like he thought they would be to his relief. Tom heard a roar behind him as he paused the horse from galloping to look to see the bushes rumbled showing a Tyrannosaurus Rex coming out that stood and roared at him with mouth gaping. He heard the horse give off neigh and found himself thrown off landing on the ground getting a headache and shutting his eyes as she reared backwards. Tom shook his head of the sleeping status as he twisted his form to eye the horse and saw her going inside the dome's doors entrance to find the dinosaur gave chase only to halt outside the doorway by banging its front onto the top of the entrance and appearing to struggle to follow. Tom eyed the dinosaur warily as he crawled towards the wall near the entrance to see the Tyrannosaurus Rex shaking its head then shifted to eye him while giving off a roaring sound. Tom was quickly onto his feet sensing adrenaline in control overtaking his fear eyeing the dinosaur while feeling himself brave unexpectedly as the Tyrannosaurus Rex charged towards him. He threw himself into an acrobatic air move out of the way of the charge. He saw the Tyrannosaurus Rex's charge had made it get away from the entrance seeing the doors sliding shut in a slow move. He ran towards the entrance while hearing a roaring sound behind him. He quickly darted inside throwing himself inside as the doors' opening became narrower and narrower. He hit the metal ground with a grunt sound to find himself partially inside the room adjusted his form to get it completely inside as the Tyrannosaurus Rex was seen by him charging towards him. He lay inside the room eyeing the dinosaur and the doors willing them to shut quickly, shut his eyes. Tom heard the sound of a faint bang sound followed by multiple banging sounds jerked open his eyes looking around seeing that he was safe with the mare and the dinosaur was no where in sight. Tom got up and he grabbed the reins and took her into the airlock while manipulating doors. He waited as the familiar computer voice spoke about adjusting oxygen levels followed by saying that it was safe to go through which he obeyed. Tom led the horse out of the airlock into the High Council’s city's of Egyptia’s dome while breathing the air deeply. He sighed and mounted the horse then urged her to gallop finding no protest from her and found her leading him towards the city despite him not doing any manipulating towards the horse. Tom felt himself not nervous as he and she entered the city boundary after a bit of riding. He sensed from her that she was leading him towards the city location where she came from by her memory of the city and she appearing to be headed towards there. He saw loomed in sight was tall towering buildings with glass entrances including one standing where the horse stopped.
Tom saw standing in front of the entrance was an old male dress in some fancy uniform that spoke "I'll take the horse to the stable while you go inside. It's Lancelot anyway and judging by the looks of your uniform you should be home." 
Tom obeyed to get off the horse and handed the reins towards the male who walked in a direction towards a building across the street which he walked inside the building via its glass entrance. Tom found the elevator to the floor of where his desired apartment was held pressed the button and stood waiting for the thing to go up which it obeyed to his order. 
He found the elevator stopped once reaching the floor and heard a computer electronic male like voice speak instead of doors opening like he hoped "Identify yourself and purpose of the visit now."
Tom spoke "Tom Thunder call sign Mindbender here to see Anna Arianna, my Mother for Lancelot as promised I would." 
He heard in response "Hold on while I check your identity."
Tom figured that his stepbrother James son of his Mother's current husband was speaking through the computer and hadn't yet met him in person or knew what he looked like hence the computer's wording sounding like that indicating on that to him. He stood impatiently waiting and removed his round helmet off his shoulder length black haired head to clasp into his hands' grips. 
Tom frowned as the computer voice spoke again "Entry granted. Your ID has been clarified."
He sighed and found the doors opening to his relief to walk into the hallway to find an older woman with all white hair having a smiley look on her face he recognized her as his Mother. She was followed by an unfamiliar male looking young as his age and seemingly having a concerned look on his face he assumed was his stepbrother. 
Tom frowned as his Mother reached him to hug him in a tight hug he hugging her back while hearing her speaking loudly "Tom, you came like you promised you would." 
Tom spoke as his Mother stopped hugging him to show tears coming from her eyes "I aim to keep my promises Mother. I wouldn't let anything stop me from keeping my promise to you regardless of how I got to here."
He eyed his Mother who in response hugged him again and heard her speak "All that matters to me is I have my son safe sound at home for Lancelot like I wanted." 
Tom mentally though to himself as he let his Mother hug him "If only if you knew of the path I took to get to here."
He didn't protest as his Mother stopped hugging him and led him further into the apartment towards where the celebrations were ongoing at the moment. 
He saw darkness arriving to his eyesight that confused him to find the hallway's end glowing of light and a male voice speaking "It’s not your time yet so return now."
Tom frowned as the light stopped shining followed by darkness arriving as he saw nothing more and felt nothing else happening to him. He smelled something familiar hitting him frowned wondering what it was as the dream went black.

The stranger woke up with a jerk as smells assaulted his nose making his mouth water and a grumbling feeling in his body focused onto his front. He sat up to look at the foot of the bed in front of the door was a wooden tray with block stands holding bowls indicating of something. He recognized the grumbling as himself hungry got up from the bed. He went to the tray to sit down and helped himself to the nourishment eating ravenously till there was nothing left. He adjusted his position to kneel closing his eyes. The stranger saw female with a face expression familiar to him that form a big frown on her face followed by his eyes forced shut as he passed out unconscious. 

Recorder found herself still hit with her feelings of Tom Mindbender in disgust despite sensing he was somewhere out of containment still servitude to the Souler Council in a hidden location. Recorder groaned softly once Tank became silent to give off snickering like noises sounding of a joke to her. 
Merra heard speaking “Tank, tell me more of this!”
Recorder heard Tank obeyed to speak the rest of the story adds “The Meritanians back then were figuring out that they could manipulate manoids to do things. It was before the Highlanders figured out the Meritanians and started their communications.”

Tom woke up abruptly feeling like needing to wake up and went to a spot in the room in front of the closed door and kneeled shutting his eyes mediating as the memory of being someone else flashed into his mind. He breathed deeply through his nose as he mediated and opened his eyes as the lights appeared to be dim. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding behind him spun around getting up to stand with a start to see the female with a familiar face was there appearing to look solid and not ghostly looking while standing in front of the bed clad in her familiar ancient Shadan’s clothes of a purple dress. Tom stared at her with a frown as she stared at him back seemingly happy to see him despite noticing Victoria was asleep lying on the bed next to him with the female’s face seen on her face.
He heard from her, Victoria’s twin speaking “Remember, Tom, Shad the Assassin, Mindbender Thunder.”
He stiffened as memories of someone else in his mind flashed involving Shad Mindbender the Assassin making him angry on having a relationship with a female of Victoria’s face while in ancient Shadan. It made him angry having that memory and hearing that talk as he gasped bending down putting hands on his forehead while shaking his form from shock running through him. He realized that he was Shad Mindbender himself found a version of Victoria back in ancient Shadan’s time to have a relationship with her into some lovely dove way despite her Father Anyan disapproved of it. He continued to feel the shocking feeling running through him as he recalled his life as Shad Mindbender being found naked by a woman named Arianne who influenced him to kill a male, a King named George of Lion’s Bane despite Victoria in the past trying to talk him out of it. He recalled that the past Victoria used her sexual wiles to get him to mate with her involving creating an offspring from that mating. He recalled that she succeeded in doing the mating ritual onto him. The past Victoria took a lock of his hair via knife easily cutting it to form a braid necklace around her neck just prior to him going out to battle with King Anyan. He recalled himself as Shad during a battle succeeded into killing King George but wound up declared dead himself from someone else he sensed was doing it on the High Council’s orders. It was due to recognizing himself as one of their own servants a believer of the High Council, Mindbender himself from the future. Tom breathed hard through his nose as he straightened up his form to stand and removed his hands while staring at his past, Victoria who still had that happy look in her eyes and face.
He didn’t comment a word as Victoria reached out a hand and touched him on the cheek while saying “Oh my Tom, how long I waited for this moment for you to acknowledge me and our love.”
He breathed deeply through his nose as he felt Victoria’s hand on his cheek that felt real to him as she continued to speak “I never stopped caring about you over the years you were taken from me. I would think about you from time to time wondering how you were and wondering if you were told about me as you served the High Council. The Meritanians blabbed to me back then that they had you roped into serving the High Council. It appears from the looks of what I’ve seen from you in this body form you’re in now healed of your mortal wound of being stabbed in the back via sword.”
He sighed as past Victoria removed her hand from his cheek to his shoulder while continuing talking “I don’t know how but the God King Lance Richard, took pity on me wishing to have you in my life had some messenger land on my doorstep telling me about you meeting King George in a battle under disguise of peace. I realized from my powers that you were my love went to Camden in hopes of meeting you for the acknowledgement as you telling me you love me and I saying the same to you. It pained me to find you disappeared during the midst of a battle as in Meritanians transporting you out before I could get to you. I pleaded to the God King Lance Richard to restore you back to life to my life. The God King Lance Richard’s three servants the three sisters heard my prayer and came to me telling me I would have what I want but I would have to wait for it to happen.”
He didn’t say a word as past Victoria rubbed his shoulder while continuing talking “I did what I could to wait even using my powers on you to see your body remained intact. I ordered you placed in a cave in a box for me to look at without opening it where I would watch on you from time to time. Even not letting death stop me from the watching you guarding you from harm till you were found and brought back to life and transported to this place you are now.”
He again kept his mouth shut as past Victoria continued talking “Arianne was really after the throne George was currently holding hence she having you kill him. She wanted to be Queen and was willing to do what it takes to achieve that goal even brain washing you with your memories taken, you to kill him for the crown. She had one of her servants’ kill you after you killed George just to make sure that you wouldn’t take the crown for that killing.”
Tom frowned forming it on his face as past Victoria continued talking “It’s a pity that Arianne’s work was for nothing. One of her servants wound up betraying her confidence and talked to others in George’s circle about her goal which she wound up imprisoned and her lands and home taken away which she later died contained. I managed to convince the prison warden to let me have Arianne’s body so I could properly depose it along with using my powers to see that her spirit was gone for good and not causing any havoc.”
He continued to stare at past Victoria who without another word hugged him abruptly. 
Tom hugged her back and felt compelled to speak which he blurt “I love you.”
He felt himself shocked by his admission as past Victoria hugged him tighter sensing what he said was what she wanted from him. He hugged her in response feeling he becoming happy from the hugging. He sighed and then groaned as she broke off the hug removing his arms to place her hands on his shoulders.
He stared at her as past Victoria leaned forwards and kissed him on the forehead and added breaking off the kiss “I finally have what I want and I can rest easy from that.”
Tom felt his eyes forced shut came to finding himself kneeling facing the door with the lamp light off plunging purple night vision and Victoria his current one seen as a pink signature. He with a start and got up looking around seeing nothing was amiss. He felt himself tired and needing to sleep figured he’ll do it. Still sighing Tom went to the bed yawning and eyed the bed with relief eyeing Victoria asleep on it. Tom went to the bed and pulled the blankets off as he got in and put the blankets on his form up to his chest and fluffed the pillow with his hands before settling his head on it. He cuddled Victoria while gently spoon fashioning her and found her giving off a faint Hmm noise. Tom exhaled a breath through his mouth and shut his eyes allowing himself to fall asleep despite shock running through him. He dreamed of past Victoria smiling standing on what appeared to be a cloud. Tom then watched as she turned around and glided away sunlight becoming brighter and brighter blocking his view of her. Till she disappeared from his eyesight as the sunlight faded away showing nothing in its place. Tom asleep formed a smile realizing that his past was finally at peace. 

“Tom knew that he’ll forever be linked to Victoria regarding whatever planetary time involving the planet Aire as its dubbed now.” Recorder heard from Tank who added “Tom is mentally thinking from scanning him at the moment, saying ‘I love you, Victoria.’”
Tank added “Tom is saying via communiqué from me ‘I still love you, Victoria, regardless of where you’ve been.’”
Recorder sighed in response hearing the communiqué from Tank blaring it onto her spoke loudly “Tank what else regarding this story you remember hmm?”

Tom wound up woke up and went to the door finding it was ajar with food in bowls sitting on a stand in the hallway lighted by glowing lights that didn't indicate of fire to him by smell hung from the walls. He felt himself confused to why the mysterious inhabitants of the monastery, he didn’t realize was the High Council’s base in primitive methods in one of their islands, had him out of the room instead of just keeping him isolated in his sleeping room. That included along with only dropping off nourishments once they were sure he was passed out unconscious or not aware of them doing the drop off. 
He exhaled a breath and went to the food to sit hearing a door slam sound behind him to find the sleeping room's door shut and giving off an unfamiliar noise with an odd male monotone voice speaking "Door locked."
Tom acting as Shad, frowned hearing that language and voice tone felt familiar to him but wasn't sure of what it was, felt himself terribly hungry ate the food via using his hands. It was due to unsure of how to eat them including sipping via bowl rim its liquid's contents of herbal tea in a purer form. He was completely done eating and drinking to stand up taking a look around in the hallway. He assumed was it looking like it was like a castle's walls from the looks of it. Except for the glowing lights to find a castle like drawbridge gate slamming down in the direction he was facing with spear points jutting from it. Shad exhaled a breath and inhaled turning around to go in the direction the mysterious inhabitants wanted him to go to. He followed the hallway seemingly having closed doors on both sides of him that gave up their familiar wording to him when he tried to open each of them by hand on the doorknob he assumed were they. He exhaled a breath and figured that he'll follow the hallway and give up trying doors. Shad proceeded to do seemingly lengthy finding a set of stone stairs going up. He followed finding himself having to use night vision he assumed was the all one colored eyesight of purple. It was due to the glowing lights weren't there. In place of each of them was one figure of male form covered up in all odd soft clothing that seemed to be different from his time as Shad’s clothing. The figures standing would have a stick weapon in their hands that would attack him with swinging the weapon aimed at his head while trying to avoid him trying to knock the weapon out of their hands. He found himself doing movements of kicking and fisting and arm swinging that seemed odd to him like he had muscle memory of doing them. Despite not doing them as Shad and was doing them aimed at the figures. Enough to get them knocked off their feet hitting their backs or head appearing to have form still like unconscious. While hearing some loud noise that sounded like the door's noises after it slammed itself shut or tumbling down the steps after pushing them to do that. Shad kept on hearing odd noises that made him confused other than hearing the familiar noises. He kept up the fighting style combat onto multiple figures he met on the stairwell till he reached the top showing a metal door in the wall ending in like a dead end. Shad frowned seeing the door was shut and having some beeping light blinking from something next to it his mind told him was a button panel he finding himself shocked to identify it. He eyed the panel warily till the door slid open showing a lengthy round hallway by top with light of sunlight shining through and a flat bottom floor that didn't seem to indicate anything to him. He walked into the hallway and stiffened looking up through the rounded end to see something that his mind told him was water including various fishes of different sizes swimming in view. Some swimming elsewhere he looking at the sides to find one side had a rocky wall while the other side was seemingly endless of one color of sunlight shining through. It had multiple fishes swimming in sight all over. He frowned but followed the hallway till he reached the end to find a see through door from mind identifying it with three males with a Highlander looks. All three were standing behind it two forming blank expressions on their faces while the third had some glaring expression on his face. Despite arms folded all clad in some odd colored clothes that were different from his Shad’s clothing. 
Shad frowned eyeing the arm folded male in the eyes via an alien look of a Highlander he confused at the time, as his mind said "Captain Fatherland." 
He frowned of the wording in his mind. He continued to eye the arm folded male who jabbed a finger aimed in his direction to see the door open going sideways leaving nothing in place of him and the three males. The arm folded male resumed folding his arms while giving off a familiar sound. He feeling confused to what it was till he stiffened getting a headache hitting his head to rub a hand on his forehead while grimacing visibly on his face. Shad wound up to get memories of a male named Mindbender an assassin named by the High Council. He recalled the High Council had given him, Shad the name of Mindbender for being a member of the military group on the planetary world named Shadan. Tom recalling this memory recalled that he figured he'll take the Mindbender name. He frowned eyeing the arm folded male he recognized as a commander of the High Council’s military group involving him dubbed Captain Fatherland. 
He spoke as if feeling like needing to do it "Sir something I can do for you?"
He frowned at the accent and language use he used that sounded different from the languages of Shad and his fellow people’s language and accent. He eyed Captain Fatherland who rolled his eyes before focusing onto him. Jabbing a finger aimed at him and forming his familiar noises he figured was throat clearing. Tom wound up to realize that he was only clad in a pair of tight shorts covering his sensitive part and seat and nothing else on his form or shoes on his feet. 
Tom recalled fully what Captain Fatherland was indicating spoke "Excuse me sir but where can I get properly attired?"
He frowned eyeing Captain Fatherland who spoke "Come along." 
Tom wordlessly followed Captain Fatherland finding the blank faced expression males aka Highlanders, taking up the rear. He found them in a hallway twin to the one he was in before indicating the water scene seemingly lengthy till a door of metal came into sight. He saw split in two showing an all metallic square room he figured was an elevator which he got inside and heard Captain Fatherland order "Deck Two now."
He recalled the High Council’s home base was underwater in the part of the planet Shadan that no one Human would travel to via boat. It was due to that it was completely filled with water with no land seen and had underwater homes and bases for people to live in. He wound up recalling that the group's home base was secretly in its underwater spot. It’s due to how nasty the sea life and weather elements were towards Humans traveling in the area who avoided it like myth like sea tales. It’s despite the group successfully managed to build their base there. They managed to train the domesticated sea life to warn them of when people were attempting to come into the area to do their explorations. Sabotage would be done onto those people's sea vessels enough to kick them out. Tom frowned as the elevator stopped followed by throat clearing noises from Captain Fatherland as he felt a needle dart get into his neck putting him unconscious.

Tom dreamed of himself saw himself on a horse was riding on it reared up knocking him off the animal's back onto the ground him hitting his head hard onto a rock. He appearing to be knocked out unconscious as a large cat like creature was appearing to be a Tee Dee chased the horse running away into the forest. He continued to remember being hospitalized in the castle of King Anyan of Anya as if found knocked onto the ground unconscious with no clothes onto him. It included his memories not restored and taken away from him via Meritanian’s manipulating him to forget. 
He wound up and later told by King Anyan’s medic to his disgust once on awaking up with memories not fully in his mind “Who you are is that you are called Shad brother of Anyan.”
He recalled the High Council didn't come for him as a result instead ignored his efforts to restore his memories. He found the High Council’s servants via their uniforms of masked servitude wear were seen gathered near the area he laid unconscious. They were busy trying to get his clothes off his body but he kept on giving resistance repeatedly to that clothes removal. Tom recalled that they managed to inject a drug into his neck and stripped him of his clothes followed by disappearing into light shows leaving him lying there unmoving. 
Tom recalled told by past Victoria while in her room she in love with him by her behavior “King Anyan came out of his castle intending to do some hunting party or something not sure. I think he was compelled by compulsion of some sorcery. He made a beeline towards where you were and found you lying there unconscious with your head injury. King Anyan ordered you brought inside for medical care.”
Tom recalled himself told by King Anyan in his presence after the King caught him and Victoria in a kissy faced ritual “I’m declaring you, Shad dead to my family and want you to leave now!”
Tom recalled himself forced out of the castle by King Anyan’s guards who made sure he was clad in clothes involving a brown robe. He continued to feel disgusted hitting him as an image of a tree flashed in his eyesight making him confused. Tom focused fully in his mind eyeing it as if drawn to see a wooden door in the tree. He wound up seeing via eyesight' of a hand opening the door and showing nothing but darkness and felt a compulsion to go inside. He obeyed falling through a hole to see at the bottom was a round metal circle he recognized as a travel gate, flashing clouds in the middle of it to fall through it. Tom came out finding himself in the sky heading towards water to fall into it with a splash he discovering himself in a lake. 
He forced himself to swim to the shore coming upon three females he recognized as Rania, Ramia, and Ralia, Goddesses of the Highlanders, all dressed in white robes that spoke together in unison "Victoria is your name as you shall be called which we will teach you how to survive on this world to birth a son with the Father we approve shall be called by the name of Lance Richard as prophesied." 
Tom stiffened hearing that to recall it was a memory of his past Victoria’s existence of coming upon the Isle of the Goddesses as dubbed in Shadan. It’s due to three triplet women were seen on the island shaking their heads in a no gesture whenever anyone tried to get onto the island via boat as everything went black. 

He came to smelling something which he jerked open his eyes finding himself sitting chained in a chair clad in only his shorts on his form while underneath a spotlight. He saw in front of him was an animal his mind told him was a tiger having a collar and a chain attached led to a figure indicating a feminine form while wearing a hooded black robe covering her from head to foot he eyed her warily. 
He frowned eyeing the female to hear a male voice speaking "It is him the one who fathered the God King dubbed the name of Lance Richard." 
Tom stiffened hearing that as the male voice continued talking "What do you have to say for your defense on this accusation hmm?"
Tom felt himself confused recalling it was when he was captured by the High Council as Shad. 
He spoke as if feeling like needing to do it "Accusation? What are you implying?"
He jerked as he felt electrical charges hitting him from the chains wrapped around his arms and legs pinning him to the chair while grimacing fully as the male voice spoke "Victoria as she calls herself, has repeatedly lied over the years since the death of our King George that his killer wasn't her husband who fathered her son. That despite showing some favor attitude towards the one who killed King George and preserving his body. She wound up refusing people's attempts to get it traditionally burned and repeatedly hiding the killer's body from place to place out of King George's people's hands or attempts to burn it thwarted by her. What do you have to say about this since its obvious that your Victoria’s loved and father of her son and murderer of King George?"
He exhaled a breath as the electrical charges stopped and inhaled to speak "I was never raised by parental love since I was born. Instead I was raised by another woman named Arianne who used her influence without my Mother's influence to have me kill King George then she had a servant of hers kill me after I did the killing." 
Tom jerked grimacing feeling electrical charges running through him as he heard from the voice "You lie on this talk! You were observed power mad and wanting to be King and doing anything to achieve that King title!"
He groaned as he felt the electrical charges stop as he felt the chains released their holds off of him. Himself feeling hands familiar yanking him from the chair onto the ground to put his head on a lap and hands on his face in a familiar touch he realized with a start was his female past Victoria back in his presence. 
Tom frowned as the male voice spoke "Talk Victoria, on this accusation of Lance being your son you showing favor towards him despite his father Shad as he calls himself, identified as King George's killer."
He kept his mouth shut as he heard his past Victoria voice speaking firmly "Lance Richard is telling the truth of being my son and not having me raise him since birth. He was taken away from me at birth by this woman named Anna Arianna who hid him very well from me. One of her servants she trusted told me that she had a goal of being Queen and wanting the title to stand alone as ruler of us all influenced my son to do what it takes to achieve the King title including killing King George whatever number he is, himself. Hence he having this attitude on wanting the King title when it was a trick to get the title herself."
He sighed feeling his past Victoria’s hand stroking his cheek as his head lay on her lap feeling himself no longer getting any pain and feeling his pains going away as he heard the male voice speak "Lance Richard must be punished for the death of our King by his hand." 
Tom heard past Victoria speaking "He already has been punished by being killed by another's hand after he killed King George himself."
He frowned hearing that inwardly as there was silence and then followed by a roaring sound that made him confused to hearing it and it sounded familiar sounding of a Tee Dee sounding of frustration to him. He found himself lying on the ground hearing electrical zapping noises sounding loudly including multiple beeping noises and a gonoid's noises sounding like a horse to him jerked open his eyes. He felt pain on the back of his head to find the horse standing nearby him in the clearing giving off loud neighing sounds while seeing the city of Elizabethtown's wall in his eyesight. He rolled over groaning while rubbing the back of his head feeling himself confused to why he had that dream involving some ancient legend named Lance Richard. Identifying the male as his son as he fathered as he got up finding his metallic shiny helmet in the horse's mouth who thrust it to him. He took and placed back onto his head and adjusted its pinching his chin strap to be on keeping the head gear from falling off his head. Tom groaned feeling himself still suffering head pain from the fall off the horse. He went to the mare and got onto her onto the saddle and gripped the reins and allowed her to have her head running with the city’s castle walls off his right till the entrance arrived in sight having doors open to his relief. He and the mare went inside finding the entrance remained open with the drawbridge down admitting people travelers walking inside. He got off the horse and manipulated the entrance to the stable, surrounded by the stone fence keeping out gonoids and keeping in horses. He once through the stable put the horse aside into the stable and rubbed her down. He walked out adjusting his helmet onto his arms while holding it and recalled past Victoria waiting for him. Tom acting as Shad, walked towards the king’s residence blaring in view. He walked towards the eating hall towards it to find people out and about appearing to be in the middle of celebrations from the looks of it. It wound up making him groan knowing that his past Victoria wouldn't be happy with him being late arriving as promised. He would arrive to her room to see her and meet her as promised for a wedding ceremony or marriage between him and her. Tom kept on walking to find a guard in metallic armor parked in front of the door. Tom frowned finding past Victoria coming out of the building that did a double take look seeing him giving him a smile making him smile onto his face. It wound up making him blink from the glare of the sunlight flashing into his eyes he blinked to find the past Victoria was someone else feminine wise. 
Tom frowned as the guard yelled behind him loudly once spotted him "Missing person is found so cancel that search!" 
He eyed the guard warily as the male added "would you come with me Shad Mindbender?'
He frowned but gave a head bob in response as the guard got him inside the king’s residence hall into the back. He found people coming into view to surround him with smiles on their faces. Tom frowned as he was lifted it up in the air by males who got him inside the past Victoria’s room. 
He was thrown in multiple tests by the medic checking him out including tested on his head injury the medic saying “It’s seriously deadly without medical intervention.” 
Hence the guards’ right to bring him to the room for a check up along with given a sleep drug to sleep off the injury which he found himself passed out unconscious. 

Tom woke up finding himself lying in a bed clad in shorts with a blanket on top of him that seemed to be a hospital bed judging by the machinery heard beeping all over the place. 
He saw an older female having Arianne's face seated next to the bed holding his hand and looking like she was crying which he blurt "Mother." 
He eyed the female his Mother who stopped her crying by wiping her tears with a cloth and stood up to lean over him gently kissing him on the forehead and still gripping his hand after straightening up her form spoke "I have one of my own miracles achieved which is you safe and sound at home for Lancelot just like I wanted." 
Tom sighed softly hearing that continued to eye her as she added "My sister Lorena kept her promises that you would be safe from harm regardless of what jinx befell you. Despite you keep on having bad luck situations happening to you over and over hence your call name of Mindbender."
He exhaled a breath and gently squeezed his Mother's hand who kept talking "My husband George tried to keep me from worrying about you by saying that your military training would keep you alive while traveling through the forest jungle land. Dubbed Lance's Kingdom to get to Elizabethtown despite the High Council balking on having you flown in from their location or any location from Summerland. George assures me that you'll be fine while traveling through Lance's Kingdom that bordered both sides of light and dark on the way to Elizabethtown in the eternal dark side."
Tom frowned hearing that gave up a sigh sound and didn't protest as his Mother gently again kissed his forehead before straightening up her form.
She released her hold on his hand "Just rest, Mindbender. You'll be out of this hospital in no time to celebrate the holidays with me and family. I can't wait for you to meet George your stepfather and your stepbrother who have heard various tales related to you being hit with injuries over the years I raised you before you went to join the High Council. Hence the nickname of Mindbender used onto you repeatedly over and over. I'm just surprised that the High Council is using that name Mindbender as your call sign nickname instead of some other name. Oh well. Get some rest now and I assure you that you'll be fine despite your head injury." 
He gave his Mother a head bob in response as she gently forced his eyes shut. He passed out unconscious to come to feeling a rumbling vibration on top of his chest. He jerked open his eyes to see the rumbling was from a cat purring away while sitting on his chest. He looked around discovering himself in his bedroom at Arianne’s castle despite her referring herself as his Mother. Tom recognized the cat as Missy as she was dubbed by his Mother with no explanation given. He frowned as Missy got up arching her back to lick his face with her rough tongue before jumping off the bed and going through the bedroom door having a cat door for her. Tom got up finding the time indicated it was late morning despite weak sunlight shining through the window. He found himself clad in nothing which he went to a dresser and pulled on a pair of leggings and a long sleeve top of tunic and slippers onto his feet and left the bedroom. He went to the King’s hall to find his Mother there seated on a bench with a male next to her. He found the male was his Mother’s latest conquests to get into bed by the looks she was giving the male. Tom grimaced inwardly finding the male with the mustache and beard but had shorter blond hair. Tom acting as Shad wound up including noticing a young male looking his age but younger appearing to be a teenager facial appearance twin to the one who killed him as Shad from behind. It was from his dream he assumed was it as a dream scenario, illuminated by the bright torch lights in the room and the fire at the fireplace burning away. 
He frowned as his Mother got up from the bench and spoke "This is my son Shad. This is Ian who is to teach you your training to fight. This is his son Arthur who is your squire to help assist you." 
Tom spoke as Ian got up from the bench to offer his hand he shaking it "Nice to meet you sir." 
He clamped his mouth shut once they finished hand shaking to eye Ian’s son Arthur who gave a hand wave towards him. Arthur appeared to be having some book in his hands he was busy thumbing it away after stopping the hand wave to resume looking down at it. He frowned eyeing Arthur as Ian was heard "Don't mind my son. He's obsessed like teenagers nowadays with this book enough to spend hours reading it. Including blabbing about the book onto it to his friends including a girl he's love struck on at the moment. He habitually likes girls and keeps up trying to bankrupt me in trying to impress them enough to get them to date him. That despite not getting it that being himself is the best way to go like what happened with your Mother and your Father whoever he is. So sorry that you weren't able to get away from your training duties to attend the wedding of King Anyan’s daughter Victoria to King George. It’s due to your Mother not finding that wedding as an excuse to see. But she relented on allowing you to travel outside for a hunt by yourself.  Like I heard she relented on letting others in the castle be allowed to spend the holidays with their family before returned back to service. Anyhow there are gifts for you underneath the tree waiting for you to open. We already opened our gifts and left them displayed around the tree. The wrapped presents are for you actually."
Tom frowned but went to the Lancelot’s tree to find five wrapped presents one from his Mother by the sewing materials on it, he opened finding it was a set of armor. He tried on with Arthur’s help and found the armor didn’t pinch him. 
Tom took it off to sigh loudly before hearing from his Mother "The medics tested you thoroughly for your head injury and discovered this strap problem onto your chin area indicating it. I'm not happy that the King didn't do anything about you missing despite me sending them a message to complain about that. You were having a head injury from not having your helmet on securely due to that problem. 
The King in response has ignored my dispatched message instead said the same old message of 'Your message has been received and considered thank you.' 
Hmph."
He frowned to open a present from Arthur indicating it to find a book he took a peek through was empty with blank pages and included a pencil on the cover. 
He heard from Ian "Just something for you to jot down your thoughts while you’re out traveling via foot or horseback back to wherever that is." 
He gave a head bob in response to open the third present finding it was from his Aunt Lorena to find it included a rope choker like necklace with a pendant of some purple stone attached. Tom recognized the necklace as the one his Aunt Lorena wore that she gave him.
He heard from his Mother "Your Aunt thinks it'll bring you good luck and stop that bad luck always happening to you. She keeps on thinking that giving you various items related to her religious beliefs will help stop the bad luck happening to you and this time bring good luck despite disasters keep befell you as always." 
He shrugged in response to put on the choker necklace by chain strap and felt it seemed to fit him. 
He opened the fourth present finding it was from his mother via the sewing he found a sword which he awkwardly thrust and parried with.
Tom heard in response "Drat that son of mine for thinking you would have that attitude of being expertly knowing how to use that thing. Anyway hand me that sword while I depose that thing in a safe place. I don't think your Mother would permit you to have it on your person, am I right Arianne?" 
Tom exhaled a breath and held up the sword seeing his Mother giving him a familiar glare.  Ian took the sword and walked out of sight into a doorway to outside. He opened the fifth present finding it was a box long in shape and managed with work to rip it open to find another like sword inside that seemed old with blood stains on it to his confusion. Tom wound up to hear crying sounds as he picked it up to find everything all around him turning black. This was followed by feeling himself lying in some bed bare of clothes on his form with a blanket covering him from the chest down that seemed odd to his form. He felt pain on his back all over the place that made him groan loudly while forming a grimace on his face. He heard the crying sounds of a woman stop followed by a loud gasp sound before feeling someone sitting next to him on the bed to grip his hand. She felt rubbing a hand on his forehead as he continued to shake the sleepiness from him. Tom wound up jerking open his eyes looking around to see a stone like circular room to discover the hand's owner was his past Victoria, clad in her purple dress having tears spilling from her eyes and looking upset while still rubbing his forehead. 
He frowned staring at her with confusion as she spoke "Shad, everything will be alright for you now. I convinced the others to only whip you on the back enough to cause scars as punishment for killing King George himself." 
Tom stiffened as he recalled the whipping fully in his mind that was very painful including adjusting his mind into a trance likes status to avoid feeling the pain. It brought that dream scenario to his mind as a way of coping with the pain onto his back and passing out unconscious during the whipping. Despite past Victoria, herself screaming loudly for the whipping to stop and saying that he had enough of it. Tom frown eyeing her forming that expression on his face as past Victoria continued on rubbing a hand on his forehead followed by forcing his eyes shut. He came to feeling a rumbling vibration feeling familiar indicating a cat and jerked open his eyes with night vision finding himself back in a familiar bedroom belonging to his current Victoria. Tom recalled memories of living with his Mother raiser Arianne. He frown feeling himself confused to why he was back in his trance status again despite his back not that painful when felt resumed sleeping. Tom found himself shifting back and forth from waking up in bed with past Victoria sitting next to him holding his hand and rubbing his forehead. This included waking up with his current Victoria sitting next to him typing onto the laptop and the cats both sitting onto his front. He felt confusion hitting him to why he was dreaming of this back and forth. 
He after an uncounted number of waking up back and forth between bedrooms spoke loudly uncaring if it was towards either woman "Stop it now! Stop this dream now! Stop it and get me to reality now! I insist this ends now!"
He saw the scenes went black in response to his words to come to feeling himself falling through darkness. Despite no night vision flaring and that the darkness seemed endless and the same with the falling. Till he found light blaring into his eyes abruptly making him squint from the glare along with shaking his head and trying to get the light's blinding source away from his eyes. He felt himself lying in a bed from the feel including chain manacles wrapped around his wrists and ankles pinning them to the bed's sides as he felt relief as the light's glare stopped. This was followed by focusing his eyes onto a male with a familiar facial appearance and short black hair remove the light's source. He recognized as a flashlight while clad in a doctor's uniform involving the High Council complete with the insignia on the jacket. 
He frowned eyeing the male he assumed was a doctor who spoke "Test subject Mindbender appears to be lucid judging by stimulation of reacting to the flashlight and looking alert while indicating some Humanity awareness judging by the look in his eyes aimed at me." 
Tom frowned forming it on his lips hearing the doctor's wording use of Mindbender as the male shifted to look in another direction while adding "As far as I'm concern for the test subject Mindbender, he survived the serum injected into him. He appears to not have the insanity associated with the medicine. He is completely healed from the mortal injury to his back so he's fine as far as I see it." 
Tom shifted to look where the doctor was looking to find a familiar male he figured was Captain Fatherland but this time was wearing different clothes on his form consisted of clothes twin to a suit, clothes of brown shoes, blue pants a blue jacket and a white shirt peeking out standing there with arms folded that spoke "Good, doctor. I have questions that need answering and I do hope that the serum didn't affect his memory enough to answer them." 
Tom continued to eye the male as the doctor's voice was heard "Rest assured that his memory is intact period. He'll be able to answer questions as crystal clearly as you want sir." 
He kept his eyes on the doctor as the male added turning to look at him "Your name is according to legend was Shad Mindbender an assassin who reportedly killed King George of ancient Shadan times. Evidence of your body's hiding place by Lorena, as that First One calls herself, was deciphered by cryptic notes left by her before she passed away and found and solved. Your body was found somewhere in Brittany or Great Britain as the First Ones call it before the great flood arrived. It was secretly transported to a military base in Egyptia for seeing on restoring you to life. That despite your body indicating on being in some trance like shut down status actually once thoroughly tested. The serum I'm talking about was some medicine invented to bring you out of your trance like status which later healed you of your mortal injury to your back. You should be fine for living as long as your body lets you live. It’s due to indicating that the serum is out of your body and your internal organs are functioning normally again after no use of not doing that."
Tom frowned forming it on his lips as the doctor added looking at the arm folded male he glimpsed still arms folded "He's ready for you to question him now."
He eyed the arm folded male who walked forwards arms still folded and spoke "So tell me Mindbender of your life back in King George's time including answering questions I ask you I want answered." 
Tom gulped but kept the frown on his face as the male proceeded to question him about living a life as Shad Mindbender the assassin of the First Ones a name for Humans as called by the High Council. 
He found himself answering honestly as he could from memories of them fully in his mind including adding "I seem to have this memory of living a life as this person named Tom Thunder whoever he is." 
He saw the male form a big frown on his face before glancing at the doctor who he saw spoke "Interesting sounds like Mindbender suffered some insanity while healing with the serum running through his body hence he imaging this Tom Thunder’s life." 
Tom heard an edge in the doctor's voice tone that indicated on something was unsaid as he shifted to eye the arm folded male who spoke "Tom Thunder is a First One who passed away due to a mortal injury to his head. But his internal organs were taken out and given to people whose internal organ wasn't functioning properly. One of his organs was implanted inside you to replace an injury to an organ that wasn't functioning properly. Those people who have his organs like any other person who have organs of another implanted inside their bodies have cases of having clear memories of the victim who supplied the organs in the first place as experiencing it as their life very realistically. You were having memories of Tom Thunder who was nicknamed Mindbender by his family members for getting injured a lot. It was from an organ from his body implanted inside you hence you feeling like your him and living his life. Something that has repeatedly happened to people who have received an implanted organ from someone else that passed away."
Tom frown hearing that as the male continued talking after clearing his throat "Tom Thunder's family will be very interested in wanting to know what memories you acquired from him. To them verbalizing that request to the hospital repeatedly including whoever caring to listen. They wanted to have one of the recipients to have a clear memory of Tom’s horse ride to Elizabethtown. It’s where he was found dead near the entrance a victim of a head injury indicating his horse threw him off. That's from being attacked by a rogue dinosaur. The dinosaur has seen gnawing away on a horse carcass nearby and unable to get near him to the collars on them keeping his body safe. Also his body was found leaning against the wall of the city's boundary that kept the dinosaurs from targeting him. Their collars indicated on them to stay away from there."
He gave off a soft groan sound softly to stiffen as a memory came to his mind fully to see himself riding a horse while clad in the uniform of Shad Mindbender the Assassin. A round helmet was on top of his head on horseback through a forest jungle underneath the moonlight sky. With the castle’s boundary wall off the right while hearing multiple noises of arrows thrown overhead towards him as he road the horse to the drawbridge. A loud roaring sound of a male was heard screaming of terror. This was followed by a Tee Dee a hybrid tiger and a German Shepherd Dog a water sucker, not wearing a collar burst out of the bushes off his left. It pounced onto him putting mouth onto his shoulder and biting it hard. Only tearing off the helmet in its haste to bite Tom aka Shad via shoulder, which Shad wound up knocking it off and kept the horse to run faster as the Tee Dee followed running after them. This was followed by the Tee Dee succeeding on biting the horse's rump hard causing the horse to tip to the side violently making Shad fly off of it with arrows raining down onto it. Shad wound up hitting the city's stone wall with his head on the side with a loud crack sound heard and sliding down as if dead. The Tee Dee without collar proceeded to suck the horse’s body of water making it turn bony. This including not was sparing anything on the horse’s body leaving a carcass of bones before going away into the bushes ignoring Shad’s body leaning against the wall. Tom heard a clapping noise followed by blinking his eyes of a flashlight's glare onto his eyes. He shook his head and focused onto the doctor again and spoke the memory of his death fully in his in his mind loudly.
Tom wound up seeing the male shift in a direction and speaking "Did you get that talk?"
He eyed the direction the doctor was looking to see the familiar arm folded male was there who spoke while holding up a blinking tubal device in his hand "I have the talk recorded so I'll get it to the others to get a printed transcript to the High Council. His wording confirms what was indicated among the records back then that there's a rogue Tee Dee not wearing a restraint that caused the attack onto Mindbender’s horse.  Mindbender indicated of being thrown off and died from the injury judging by the coroner determining that excuse me." 
Tom watched as the arm folded male walked out of sight behind a white curtain his mind told him what it was. 
Despite thinking tapestry as he shifted his eyes onto the doctor who gave up a loud groan sound before adding in a loud whispering tone "Just wish I could tell Victoria Montreal that her Tom Thunder is alive and well. He’s actually as test subject Mindbender himself. He actually survived the head injury but actually injected with a serum. It’s some hallucination medicine and the DNA of the Meritanians for gaining his memories of his life back in ancient Egytpia's time. It’s just to answer questions people wanted to know." 
He stiffened hearing the doctor's words to realize with a start that the doctor wasn't lying on what he said. Tom fully recalling of waking up after hitting the wall and forcing himself to use the wall to dizziness to travel to the city's entrance ignored by the rogue Tee Dee as dubbed. He was still targeted by others with arrows raining down overhead including Tee Dees who's collars kept them away from him which inside the entrance. Tom finding the doors open he got inside and found the doors shut after him. This was followed by the gate entrances opening. Highlanders wearing uniforms of the High Council’s military, coming into view that injected him with a needle dart in his neck knocking him out unconscious. 
Tom felt himself annoyed hearing the doctor's confession as the male added in a louder tone appearing to address him "Anyway Mindbender I'll see that you receive the proper clothing and nourishment. Including taught how to live properly on this planetary world Shadan as it’s called. Despite assumed it’s a military base living in harsh conditions when it’s actually used for people declared dead on Egyptia and her planetary colonies to live the remainder of their lives till its time for death to claim them." 
Tom didn't say a word in response felt himself further annoyed as the doctor walked out of sight. He shifted to glare at the ceiling seeing a round black dome with a jutting red light indicate of a recording camera to him. He continued to stare at the thing lengthy feeling himself not inclined to sleep till the doctor returned. He glared at the doctor a Highlander who injected a needle dart into his arm and he felt himself sleepy shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom wound up to come to finding himself lying on a bed contained in some tube lying horizontal with walls blaring a red color. It was making him confused to where he was as he felt himself weary but not tired enough to sleep. As the wall off his right opened and he felt the bed move out of the tubal area sliding till it completely out. Then the bed went down like an elevator followed by a female Highlander with pointed ears, wearing a medical doctor's jacket standing in view waving a device attached to her left hand and left arm over him. 
He frowned eyeing the blond haired female who spoke "Your fine medically so get up now. You slept enough for transportation to Egyptia like anyone aboard this transport ship went through. Being in some sleeping status for transport to Egyptia for the missions by the High Council orders servant to go through."
Tom obeyed getting up from the bed finding himself only clad in shorts covering his sensitive part and seat areas and feeling confused to the names she referred due to not hearing them before. He eyed the doctor who gave off a giggle sound and appeared to look amused. 
Tom gave her a glare who formed a firm expression of a frown in response to his facial expression and spoke "Come with me now."
Tom obeyed following her to while looking around the surrounding area to see multiple tubal areas in one wall all shut. All of the tubes were not appearing to hold people in them as he wordlessly followed her through corridors. He frowned as he followed the doctor to spot a window showing a view of night sky in a hallway wall to show outside the sunlight dimly shining. Tom stiffened as he saw the High Council’s base was an underwater base with islands of mountains peeking. It made him think of his mind's contents of seeing the High Council’s base before and knew what names involving Egyptia was used. He stopped looking to follow the doctor to an area he assumed was medical bay. She got him dressed into a uniform of black boots, black pants, and a long sleeve like top that had a grey stripe through it that felt snug on his form. Tom wound up seeing the doctor still giving off that giggle sound and looking amused. He resumed the glaring expression to get handed a hairbrush and a hair band and told to brush his hair. He obeyed finding it was longer length a bit pass his shoulders. This time appeared to be in the black color instead of his usual short colored hair as Shad Mindbender the Assassin. 
He pulled his hair back into a tail then held up the hairbrush which the doctor spoke "Keep it you need it more than I do." 
Tom didn't comment a response pocketed the thing into one of his pockets of his pants. Then eyed the doctor while clearing his throat loudly who added once he cut his noises "Oh the name is Night and that's all you'll know of me period as ordered by my Captain towards anyone we transport anywhere by this supply island. It mostly focuses onto being in the seas secretly transporting people anonymously. Hence I can't ask for your name and only known as for transporting supplies to colonies that need it. Sorry I can't say much involving this island base and crew. The Captain insists that contact between people we transport be limited to me and select crew members whose identities are hidden. Just to keep us out of being targeted by the High Council our Masters, harshly so I can't explain that either. Excuse me while I go contact the Captain to say that you’re up and awake and awaiting transport to the main base of the High Council where our Masters live." 
Tom frowned eyeing Night who without a word went to a console to sit behind it on a desk and pressed some buttons onto it while adding loudly "Captain, Mindbender is up and awake in medical bay and awaiting transport to the main base as ordered from the High Council demanding him to arrive."
He heard nothing from the Captain only to see Night nodding her head before pressing some buttons. She, he saw was leaning back staring at him with various amused and frown facial expressions. It wound up making him annoyed enough to think of attacking her to grab her head and snap it enough to kill her for that staring getting to him. 
He heard the door to the room slid open showing two Highlanders in male forms wearing twin clothes and boots like his and masks covering their faces’ eyes entirely. The masks covered their eyes but including their faces below was seen. 
They were seen coming into the medical room as he heard from Night "Your escort is here to get you to the ship to the main base so take off, your done being in here anyway." 
Tom obeyed finding himself towering over the males as one led the way with the other behind him. He feeling like they were actually females disguised as males judging by their heights and the way the escort walked that indicated hips swiveling to him that he knew that males don't have. He kept his mouth shut in response to that thought. They led him to a big metal box with an opening by a side down. One jabbing a finger aimed at him and the box to get inside he exhaling a breath obeyed finding them shutting the box closed locking him inside. It wound up leaving night vision of all purple to his shock blaring in his eyesight. He looked around finding apparent medical oxygen like mask attached to the wall. He felt the box moving which he grabbed the mask putting it on covering his mouth and nose breathing in the air finding himself still inclined to stay awake. He sat down leaning against the wall of the box to feel it moving as if gliding then felt himself floating indicating it in the air. He feeling a coldness feeling hitting him then the floating feeling stopped followed by a descending feeling felt. The box thumping all over the place making him put hands and feet onto the walls to keep himself from getting bruises from hitting them from the tumbling. 
Tom mentally spoke "This is ridiculous being transported like this. I don't like it a bit Hmph." 
He felt the tumbling stop followed by a hovering motion then a thud and rolling motion making his box slide back and forth. Before stopping then was suddenly stopped which he heard nothing and then felt it gliding in a fast move. Before the box wound up slamming itself down and a box's wall slamming open followed by a glare of a flashlight shining onto him making him blink his eyes from day vision blaring. 
Tom heard in response "Get your seat out of that box now!"
He obeyed to get out of the box after removing the oxygen mask to find the flashlight holder was escorted by several others glimpsed. He stood with his hands up in the air. 
Tom frowned inwardly as the voice spoke sounding military like to him "Confirm or deny that your Shad of Arianna test subject Mindbender?"
He spoke loudly "I confirm that so why are you asking me that?"
He heard in response "Don't ask the Commandant, questions period. Only he can ask questions aimed at anyone including aimed at you underneath his military command." 
Tom frowned finding the voice was different from the one who asked him question. 
He clamped his mouth shut and kept his arms up as the voice who asked him the question blared "Drop down and give me twenty pushups for being stupid!"
He frowned hearing the voice as the Commandant he assumed spoke that obeyed getting onto the metallic ground and doing the pushups all twenty of them. In a some what slow move due to feeling inclined to do it before forcing himself to get up awkwardly despite inclined to get up via combative art move training. 
He stood up once done to eye the flashlight holder who added "Nice try with that stunt of being slow with the pushups and getting up awkwardly, Mindbender. Your military service of regardless of what it is even back on the isle of Great Britain is very well detailed. Including your habit of doing pushups fast then getting up in some acrobatic move every time you’re ordered to the ground to do any exercises." 
Tom exhaled a breath hearing the name of Mindbender from the Commandant who continued "Alright get Mindbender to the barracks now!"
He saw two figures come into view appearing to be males by their body forms with Highlander’s pointed ears seen. Both males were having pulled back black hair both wearing identical clothes as his. The males had goggles over their eyes he figured helped them see in the dark with heights a head shorter than him. The males were indicating their maleness status as they grabbed his arms by their hands feeling masculine to the feel and hauled him towards the flashlight holder. He eyeing who kept the flashlight aimed at him as he was forced walked passed the Commandant he assumed was holding that light's source. Tom continued to see with night vision in his eyesight as he was forced out of the building. He assumed was a hanger to see a large military compound with clear oxygen like air. He breathing it fully and found that the sunlight wasn't in sight. Only darkness of his night vision of green back then and not altered to purple illuminated the scenery that seemed to indicate a forest jungle. That despite the ground crunched of snow and ice along with a faint coldness felt. The males got him to a building and one of them got his hand touching a console to hear a beep sound coming from it. Followed by the door to the building sliding open and then thrust inside and hearing the door slam shut behind him. He took a look around finding himself in some military like bedroom with multiple bunks. Some having people all appearing to be either Highlanders or hybrids of them aka Elves on them appearing to either be sleeping or awake that looked like they were blind in the dark to him. He saw the room had doorways he glimpsed had a shower room and an expelling waste room both in his eyesight. 
Tom stood staring looking around the room to hear from one of the people speaking in a male voice tone "Visitor can see in the dark judging by his head movements."
He exhaled a breath and inhaled as another voice spoke "Find yourself an empty bed visitor. Use that as your sleeping spot whenever the lights in here are out indicating on sleeping mode times." 
He frowned but obeyed finding an empty lower bunk bed after walking around the bunks. Seeing some of the people were looking in his direction like they could see him but were still having a squinted eyed look to him. He found a bed and got onto it to lie his back down and fluffed the pillow before rolling over onto his side and shutting his eyes feeling like needing to sleep. 

Tom came to hearing a loud horn sound along with blaring of overhead lights turning on brightly. He forced himself awake to get up from the bed to find all of the people in the room were males like he was with various hair colors all having various lengths. They were shorter than him by a head height. He feeling himself confused to why he was taller than normal among the Highlanders. Even among them they were eyeing him from standing next to their beds with hands behind their backs. He seeing them was doing it from glancing at them with his eyes in his eyesight. He saw a male Highlander, with a bald head having a Highlander’s eyed appearance wearing a shiny blue military uniform. The male was carrying a flashlight walk into view going up to him to give him a scrutiny look looking him up and down and seemingly had the top of his head reach the tip of his nose. Tom frowned as the male he assumed was the Commandant gave him an eyed scrutiny look before walking away.
The male speaking loudly "Hit the showers now!"
He obeyed finding males stripping themselves of their clothes ignoring the fact that they were baring themselves and darted into the shower room. He was having males scrutinizing him including the Commandant. He had to fight to get into the shower room using various combative art training moves onto males. They used similar moves onto him to keep him out in an effort to have their turn with the shower. He finding it a push for water shower button and found no soap included. Tom could only wet himself fully before the water appearing to be in some lukewarm temperature went out. Tom copied the males by getting out of the room going to his clothes to put on finding them scrutinizing him. They put on their own clothes and boots on. Them including pulling out various hairbrushes and combs from their pants' pockets to attend to their hair some having longer lengths pulled back via hair bands he copying them. Tom stood next to his bunk bed copying the males doing it. Once they were done with the dressing and grooming their hair waiting while eyeing the Commandant standing back to a wall appearing to be scrutinizing him by eyes narrowed aimed in his direction. He stood waiting patiently as all the males finished with their showering to stand next to their beds.
Followed by the Commandant turning on his flashlight and ordering "Move out and start jogging on the track! Be sure to show Mindbender our new recruit where to go!"
He frowned following males out of the building in the darkness to find them going around the building repeatedly like it was a track. He following them till he was last in line is when they stopped in front of the building's entrance in rows of fives. He at the last line in a row of six to face the Commandant holding the flashlight while the barrack's building lights' were off from glimpsing the door still open. 
Jinx stood with hands behind his back eyes onto the Commandant who spoke loudly "Twenty pushups Mindbender, for being last!"
He obeyed doing the pushups and swung himself up to stand with an acrobatic move after doing the exercise fast while hearing multiple gasping sounds. He refraining from forming any expressions on his face in reaction to the noises. Instead kept his face blank in response but fisted his hands behind his back and clamped his teeth shut. 
He eyed the Commandant who ordered again "Hit the mess hall and show Mindbender where to go now!"
He followed the males he assumed were recruits into this military group to a building to find the lights inside blaring on. Tom blinked his eyes from the glare to see a large cafeteria like room holding machines that indicated of nourishments to him. He copied them getting drinks and food from them using trays and dishware including utensils. He went to sit down at a lone table finding recruits at tables acting hostile towards him. Them giving off animalistic like growling noises whenever he neared their table and giving him angry glares. He ignored them and went to an empty table in the corner to sit eating and drinking the food while keeping the recruits in his eyesight, seeing most of them looking at him back. They were appearing to be getting into whispered conversations due to unable to hear the scattered talk in the room. He took in the nourishment taking his time then found the Commandant joining him at the table with a tray and still having the flashlight. The male sat having his right side aimed at recruits and his left side aimed at him. Tom kept his mouth shut as he leaned back once done and folded his arms while eyeing the recruits still whispering talk among each other. He found the Commandant ignoring him staring and didn't seem inclined to talk to him. The Commandant kept his face kept aimed at the males chattering among each other while still taking in his nourishment. He exhaled a breath and kept his facial expression neutral as he eyed the recruits all over the place. 
The Commandant was seen standing up bellowing "Put away your nourishment holders and hit the track now!"
He obeyed to copy recruits getting the nourishment holders into machinery he assumed were for cleaning. Then followed them keeping up with a group of them at the beginning of the line at the track and ignored attempts to get him last again. He kept up with the group till they went to resume standing in front of the barrack's building. Tom resuming his position in the last row to eye the Commandant standing with flashlight blared over them. 
Tom frowned as he mentally spoke to himself "How long am I in this military troop for anyway?"
He heard nothing to answer his question figured he'll ask one of the recruits about that once he got the chance. 

Tom dropping the name of Shad due to figuring out that he no longer needed it as his name. It’s due to referred as Mindbender by the Commandant after an uncounted number of time with the military troop. The recruits still not interested in talking to him or answering any talk from him aimed at them or interested in having him sit with them for meals stood next to his bunk bed after waking up by the familiar horn and lights blaring overhead again. Tom done with his showering despite the usual fight to get into the room and use of shower facilities decided to call himself Mindbender instead. 
He stood next to his bunk bed as the Commandant spoke loudly "Stand fast now!" 
He eyed the male who left out of sight going out of the barrack's entrance. 
Leaving the door opening to hear whispered talk loudly “One of the troop members is going to be freed from punishment of being in this troop. After given some implant for eyes to see in the dark. Nearly having trouble seeing in the glaring light and almost blind in that area.” 
He frowned hearing that talk as the Commandant was back with two males having goggles covering their eyes still clad in their twin uniforms similar to his as the whispering got cut off abruptly. 
Tom frowned as the Commandant spoke "Take who you’re ordered to take now."
He found the males making a beeline towards him to his confusion to hear growling noises. His arms were grabbed and saw the Commandant looked furious by the expression on his face. He was roughly hauled out of the barrack pass growling recruits and an angry Commandant who didn't stop him being taken out. Back to outside leading to the familiar hangar room which he was forced into a familiar metal box and locked inside. He finding an oxygen mask nearby attached to the wall which he put on and hunted for any handholds finding nothing to indicate it. He felt the familiar transportation method movement again till the box's wall was yanked open. He followed by getting out after taking off the familiar mask to find Night in sight escorted by two short helmet covered head entirely males having gun weapons in hands. 
She looking like she was confused to see him by the expression on her face and speaking loudly "Hmm that's odd that they would free you from the prison base in King Winter’s Kingdome after a short amount of time have passed. Nevertheless knock him out now." 
Tom found her comment confusing as one of the males aimed his gun at him and pulled the trigger to feel a stinging pain on his front. He was seeing a syringe in the area along with sleepiness hitting him making him shake his head to see the floor rising up to meet him. Followed by feeling of a metal on his cheek and he shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Tom wound up coming to feeling a glare of a flashlight blaring in his eyes. He shook his head away from that while grimacing fully to find himself in his familiar bed. He wound up seeing the flashlight's owner was the familiar doctor having a Highlander’s looks. The Highlander doctor stopped the flashlight blaring and looking in another direction he saw was the familiar arm folded male with Highlander looks of him. 
Tom frowned eyeing the male who spoke "Well Mindbender, talk on what you dreamed while you were out asleep in some cryogenic tube you showing some expression in there indicating on dreaming of something."
He frowned hearing that saw the doctor give him a glare in response. He spoke the contents of what he saw and then clamped his mouth shut once done.
Tom wound up to get from the medic "Interesting considering others contained have given out twin stories like his with the Commandant identified as the computer's mind. Some male term thinking of treating males like that while treating females in the same way. But this time using a feminine version of the Commandant with no head of hair status seen and always having a flashlight in hand." 
Tom frowned hearing that eyed the arm folded male in response who spoke "Alright get Mindbender out of bed and integrated into life here among the High Council’s home base now." 
He frowned hearing that as the doctor freed him from the restraints. Then he was forced up finding his height taller than the male's despite clad only in a dress like outfit. Tom didn't protest as the medic got a hold of his arm and took him pass the arm folded male sensed following. The doctor led him to a doorway to get through and found a hallway twin to the one in the High Council’s stone walled base in Egyptia’s island areas. He figuring out that Great Britain was made up including the same with planet Shadan. He was taken through hallways showing the sea view with one side a rocky wall view. They entered a doorway and found it led to a metallic hallway. He was let go by the doctor who pushed him through which he found the arm folded male stopping his following. Tom looked to see the doctor gesture him to go through the hallway. He obeyed finding it was including multiple combative art machines having various knife weapons on their forms attacking him from springing from the walls to do the fighting. He found his dress get ripped from the avoidance of trying to avoiding getting cut by the knife like weapons repeatedly. Tom proceeded to use combative art moves onto the machines. Tom traveled through the hallway that seemed quite short but lengthy with the fighting challenges all over the place from the ceiling the floor and even the sides of the walls. He reached the end of the hallway to find it was a dead end ended in a smooth rock wall that filled the doorway showing no way of climbing up or anything to indicate of jumping down. He growled annoyed sound and went back down in the hallway. Again resuming his fighting onto the machines seemingly more violent on trying to cut or stab him. He finding himself tearing off the dress to leave only clad in his shorts as he resumed the fighting. Tom wound up again fighting his way to the other end of the hallway despite multiple machines' success of cutting him, avoiding them stabbing him. Tom fought off the attempts to do the hurting till he reached the end of the hallway to find the doctor and the arm folded male standing there. He giving them a glare of accusation in his eyes aimed at them while folding his arms despite the pain of cuts on the area. Tom gave them both a glare as the doctor got a hold of his arm and without a comment towards him got him escorted back to his familiar bed room. He was forced to sit in bed and didn't complain as the medic ran a pen like laser over the cuts. Tom grimacing from the stinging of them noticed them healing up leaving white lines on his form. They instead of blending with his tanned skin and appeared to be visibly marking him despite having a muscular form on his body. He felt annoyance take hold as the doctor quit the laser's work to put away the device.
The doctor spoke towards the arm folded male "Well he did better than any of the recruits undergoing that knife gauntlet. They who had visibly scarring and stab wound injuries. Including them collapsing once done through that from the loss of blood and injuries too much for them."
Tom gave the arm folded male a glare in response as the male spoke "Fine, Mindbender, come with me now. Your purpose of being in the hospital is done now. You’re wanted back in the base by the High Council who's not going to take an excuse of you being declared dead to the world as reason for you to not come back so come with me now." 
Tom frowned but obeyed to follow the male unfolding his arms out of the room. 
Going multiple hallways still having that sea view till they reached an elevator which he heard the familiar command word "Deck two now."
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to frown inwardly as the elevator was felt going up showing a sea view in front above. Both sides with the rocky wall behind him seemingly lengthy till the elevator jerked going horizontal going inside the rocky wall. Showing a cave all around them lighted up by lights shining overhead that blinked on and off illuminating parts of the cave as they passed it underneath. He frowned finding himself still having night vision after each light was blinked off blaring it in view. This was followed by a light blaring on that kept on doing it till the elevator stopped once reaching metallic doors. The doors to both elevator and metallic doors opened showing a lighted hallway appearing to look metallic with multiple armed guards in it standing in front of doors. Doors having windows in them he glimpsing that didn't show much for him to see due to not having lights in them. Tom followed the male till they reached another hallway having a big metallic door in the wall with two guards holding guns in front of it that pointed their guns aimed at the both of them. 
The guards heard speaking "Halt identify yourself now!"
He found the male jabbing a finger aimed at him and speaking "He's going through I'm not." 
He exhaled a breath as the males echoed their commands. 
Tom inhaled and as compelled by the Meritanians spoke "Tom Shad Mindbender Thunder." 
Tom felt annoyed with what he blurted to the guard but didn’t realize the Meritanians were establishing first contact between the Highlanders via himself as their communications Ambassador. It would take the Meritanians awhile to get it the thinking of speaking with words via Highlanders’ language of Basic to the Highlanders themselves. 

Tank telling the story spoke “Ramses is blaring in my mind as usual. 
He’s saying ‘Tell more of this story and I’ll dump you into the ocean.’
Guess it’s a sore subject that the big Three the Meritanians don’t want to be reminded.”
Ramses wound up blaring in the mind of Recorder and suspected Nikolai in response “You got that right so shut up talking it now.” 
Recorder frowned but heard the door knocking sound to get up opening the door finding the butler there speaking “The Master requests visitors to his bedroom to continue on telling their stories. It’s some nourishment enforced by Edenia as she calls herself onto manoids around here. Not sure how that can be taken as nourishment but go to the Master’s bedroom now.”
Recorder groaned and heard a loud Humph from Nikolai in response. She didn’t say a word towards the butler walked out of the room sensing Nikolai following her. Recorder spotted Nikolai giving her a familiar smirk involving admiring her seat to her disgust.
She thinking to herself “He’s forgotten that he’s not my Tom again. It sucks when he does that forgetting.”
Recorder caught Nikolai folded his arms and went to Jinks Montreal’s bedroom knocking onto the door to hear “Come in its open.”
Recorder obeyed to walk inside the room finding Dalton clad in his sweats seated into an armchair with Barry still clad in his familiar black and white clothes seated in the opposite armchair. Recorder found Yana seated on the floor with computer tablet in her hand as she went to join her sitting nearby her. Nikolai heard sighed and went to sit down onto the wooden floor on top of an area rug and with a frown stared at the floor lost in thought.
Recorder heard a throat clearing noise sounding of Barry giving Nikolai a glare while seated onto the armchair in. He sighed as heard as he was seated onto the floor with Recorder next to him typing away who paused from typing. She noticed Dalton was sitting in the armchair across from Barry and giving Nikolai a glare.
Dalton spoke “Just keep telling a story now. It’s helping me avoid suffering from what I’m getting in my mind. I’m just doing anything to avoid becoming a damned assassin despite sickened with memories of my clones. It sucks.”
Recorder noticed Nikolai obeyed despite noticing Barry giving Dalton a golden eyed glare of “Confess your crime.”
Nikolai from the sounds of him ignored Barry speaking Builder’s chatting to find Dalton and Barry himself disappearing into light shows. Nikolai spoke the story despite Yana giving off ahem noises while seated next to Recorder. Yana, she noticed was indicating she was recording the story telling via her computer tablet.  

Tom frowned as one of the guards echoed his words as if speaking on a radio to find the arm folded male walking away. 
He stood eyeing the guards warily to hear the male speaking in some grumpy voice tone "Entry granted so hurry up and get yourself through now." 
Tom obeyed to walk forwards finding the metallic door slid opening into two pieces. Showing another hallway which he walked through and found the doors slamming shut behind him. He continued on walking taking a look finding doors having numbers on them and shut. He figuring out that it was best not to open them due to noticing camera domes in the ceiling including an odd sense hitting him. Tom didn’t realize it back then that the sense involved being filmed. He continued on walking till he reached a set of double doors in a wall off his left. 
A uniformed male walking out seeing him and speaking "Get inside now." 
Tom obeyed getting himself inside to find it contained a cafeteria room with windows showing a sea view. He finding others in the room gathered around a table chattering talk becomes silent seeing he despite he clad in only shorts. He felt himself annoyed with only being clad in shorts that felt loose on his form. Tom folded his arms over his chest that was bare of clothes and got pushed towards the group gathered around a table. He didn't resist to that and got sat down into a chair. Tom wound up ordered to eat from dishware on a tray set in front of him. He obeyed finding himself terribly hungry he ate and drank ravenously and made sure to use the utensils for the food. He once done leaned back in the chair with arms doing a different folded status while getting the tray taken away. Tom wound up eyeing the males, all Highlanders, all in various uniforms including wearing suits. He counted about ten of them total gathered around the table he was sitting at as one removed a blanket from the table. The removing of the blanket revealing various object he stiffened with recognition seeing them. The clothes twin to Shad Mindbender’s but not the one he wore looking very old. Including an old sword weapon looking familiar he recognized belonged to Arianne's servant that stabbed Shad. It was lying on top of the clothes having stained of blood on it that looked dried to him. Tom kept his mouth shut as one of the males spoke an ahem sound. 
The Highlander spoke loudly not accented "Do you recognize this sword as yours, Mindbender? The blood on it is a perfect match as yours via tests done comparing your DNA to it which provided a perfect match to our confusion." 
He eyed the sword warily to grimace recalling fully in his mind what it was spoke "It’s the sword that was used to kill Shad Mindbender the Assassin actually."
Tom clamped his mouth shut in response while eyeing the speaking male who gulped visibly. He heard another ahem noise sounding again.
He shifted off his right to see one of the males speaking "The clothes we found on you are they yours or were they exchanged?"
Tom exhaled a breath figuring out that the reason why he was brought into this room for them to question him about his life as Shad. It was due to fully having memories of the male in his mind.
He inhaled to speak from memory of Shad’s assassination’s death "Their not the clothes Shad wore when he died-"
Junior cut himself off when Dalton appeared via light show looking like he was annoyed and resumed seated into the armchair as Barry appeared via another light show and sat down. He groaned softly hearing an ahem sound from Veronica.
Junior heard Victoria’s throat clearing noises to speak firmly “The Meritanians’ gave me the story as recalled the story was Tom’s actual memory of himself sent back in ancient Shadan’s time of Great Britain before the flood arrived. I recalled Tom wound up declared dead by the First Ones during a battle fight then the Highlanders back then managed to get his body intact. They contained him and his body into a tube intact waiting for the Highlanders to gain technology to revive him. They managed to do that and were busy asking questions involving his past as Shad the assassin and memories of him. I think this questioning was before the USA’s land arrived courtesy of King Winter and around the time when certain mind walking plants made contact using Tom as their ambassador-“
“Talk more of that story and I’ll dump you into the ocean!” He was interrupted by Ramses’ blaring voice sounding into his mind. 
Nikolai added ignoring Ramses’ blaring voice “I’m not sure how the High Council managed to figure out that Tom was important enough to be preserved into their tubes waiting to be revived for questioning him with information about his life as Shad the assassin. Not entirely sure of how they managed to do that.”
Recorder frowned as she heard in her mind in response “The Souler Council as they call themselves wants Guardian Nikolai as he’s called and his female Victoria Recorder Montreal in their presence now!”
Recorder as Victoria Recorder Montreal wound up groaned hearing Ramses’ blaring voice and got up folding the laptop.
 She frowned finding them both into the High Council’s familiar throne room with the Souler Council behind the Speakers, Shad and Onya who were seen glancing up with frowns on their faces seen. Recorder sighed and went to hold found Nikolai holding her hand finding she shaking it off and sitting down opening her laptop and typing into it ignoring him. Nikolai was glimpsed forced himself to kneel in response due to Recorder figuring out that the Souler Council was hacking her laptop’s recordings for their records as in downloading into their computers.  Nikolai was heard sighed ignoring the feeling of annoyance hitting Recorder as she was seemingly lengthy with the typing till she heard a throat clearing noises sounding loudly. Nikolai as seen opened his eyes to find Recorder looking at his direction with eyes all black giving him a glare. 
He heard groaned and spoke “What story do you want me to speak that won’t get protests from whoever?”
Recorder frowned as Nikolai heard loudly via speakers “Just tell any story!”
Nikolai appeared to have kept the frown hearing the speakers’ speaking in unison to frown further while giving them a glare. Recorder wound up clearing her throat again and she sighed and got another headache of a memory coming to her mind. Nikolai spoke the memory fully while sensing the memory in Recorder’s mind was twin to Nikalai’s while typing it down onto the laptop computer despite sensing Tom or a clone was eavesdropping via ranges of feelings hitting her. 

The young male heard the familiar siren sound jerking his eyes open with a start finding himself in a coffin from the looks of it. He recalled a male dubbing himself Lance Richard sneaking up behind him then pain in his back followed by nothingness. He sat up as the see through coffin's cover lifted itself up to find a male figure with an odd face coming into view with eyes that were sun colored making him grimace to see. The young male got out of the coffin finding the male with the night sky colored face and night sky colored clothes helping him out despite not asking him to. He felt an odd feeling hitting him as the male without a word got him to stand while keeping an arm around him. The young male felt his legs weak but obeyed to keep on walking finding the unnamed male was guiding him through a large vast room that had multiple coffins inside some empty some with bodies inside to his confusion. He didn't say a word as the stranger got him through a door way to hear a faint buzz noise behind him. 
He halted the male's walking to look finding a plant colored wall appearing looking see through to hear "It's the shield to the room." 
He frown hearing the voice to find the stranger looking at him which he heard a guttural male voice appearing to be from the male "I'm no stranger. The name is Hades. Welcome to Terrania."
He frowned hearing the sarcasm of the male's voice tone frown realizing his name was Hades but kept his mouth shut as the male got him into a small room. He jerked as something like a wall slid shut followed by a falling sensation making him stiffen. 
He heard "It's just an elevator a machine that can transport people up and down in fast speed methods."
He kept on frowning to hearing that from Hades to find the male escorting him into a stone hallway making him stiffen of memory for it looked like a dungeon to him. He found various plants in the hallway while feeling that odd sensation hitting him again as Hades got him into a room to find a male wearing all cloud colored clothing with the twin colored hair lying asleep inside. He frowned as Hades got him to kneel followed by darting out of the room appearing to be a jail cell in a fast speed move while slamming the door with a bang sound. He found the door's noises woke up the cloud colored male who sat up staring at him with a frown on the male's face. He kept his mouth shut while eyeing the male warily to find him reaching out a hand towards his forehead making him stiffen. 
He stiffened from the odd feeling as the male was heard "I won't hurt you."
He frowned but didn't comment a response as the male reached out both hands and touched his forehead he jerked his eyes shut as pain arrived to his head. He recalled fully as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

The young male woke up with a start opening Human like eyes lying on a one person bed in a room with tan brown walls. He could see the room was narrow and thin with one full arm length from the bed’s longest sides. He got up from the bed and stood up shaking his head then rubbed a hand on his head through his black wavy hair that fell just below his shoulders. He went to the bed to sit and frowned as a memory of himself wearing odd clothing that made him think it was strange and not familiar on his form flashed in his mind. The clothes he saw was foreign showing slipper shoes on his feet, tight like leggings, a top that was long sleeve and some vest dress covered his form. He grimaced as he saw some sneering look was on his face while seated on an animal. He figured out from memory was a horse with others behind him wearing identical clothes some having faces bared. He saw that they were all males like him some with facial hair and seated on horses while some were standing. The young male grimaced of the memory from him self’s facial expression that bothered him. He recalled himself dismounted along with ten other men and started walking on a grass fields his facial appearance changing from sneering to glare.
The young male frowned thinking of the dream unsure of who he was fully in his mind. He recalled to himself dreaming repeatedly for a few nights of a female wearing some flowing dress with his female Victoria’s facial appearance and black hair. 
She spoke as always the same comment “You’ll remember who you are. You will acknowledge me.”
The young male felt rage running through him seeing in his mind a bearded male with a crown on his head. He recalled himself appearing to be a youngster. It was while wearing odd clothing meeting the male who was introduced as a King named George and bowing in front of him.
He recalled an older blonde female he remembering saw as his Mother. 
She told him not in the King’s presence, but in private “This is the man your to kill so remember that.”
The male remembered the memory with rage running through him as the female repeatedly kept telling him over the time repeatedly that he was to kill a man named George and take his place as King.
The young male recalled given the name of Shad by the Mother raiser's servants behind her back. The servants were appearing to be pointed eared Highlanders with intense all blue eyes like they could see souls. They were always clad in sky colored armored clothes including having swords in their hands that thrust out of their sleeves. They mysteriously refused to explain why they had him called Shad despite his Mother raiser kept on calling him Mindbender. Shad got up from the bed and went to the foot of it to kneel. He felt his rage running through him as he recalled another memory. He saw a familiar black haired female giving birth to a baby, a male and denied nursing it by the familiar female as his Mother raiser who took him away. Shad felt his rage cooling from him as he got himself calmer. He shut his eyes and felt himself too tensed to mediate and opened his eyes to stare at the bed’s foot. He remembered himself waking up in some monastery in Shadan as it's dubbed despite not sure of the world's name. He finding out that he was ordained as a monk of their religious order involving the High Council to his confusion. He was having no memory of how he got to there but his back feeling sore indicating of pain to him. Shad exhaled air through his mouth and breathed through his nose as he lied down on the bed eyes staring at the ceiling. He felt a memory come to his mind and allowed it through. He recalled himself as a teenager wearing the familiar clothing fighting an older male. He saw was bearded and a bit on the overweight side with brown swords that didn’t clang when hit. He continued to recall himself poked the sword on the male’s neck.
He from memory spoke in some odd accent “Got you, Ian.”
The male, Ian, he assumed was his name spoke “Are you sure? Check where my sword is.”
He saw himself look down to see Ian’s sword poking him in the chest right over his heart. He watched from memory as himself gave up a loud roar and waved his hand along with brown sword. Along with while stomping his feet in an apparent tantrum before resuming sparring with Ian. Shad groaned from the memory as he exhaled a breath as the memory left his mind. Shad grimaced as anger arrived within him as another memory arrived in his mind. In it he was fighting an apparent older male with a beard his mind identified as King George with some weapon. His mind told him the weapon was a sword. He saw others all around them were doing the same fighting with swords. He continued to watch in his mind as himself stabbed George in the chest. The male slid to the grassy ground and appeared to be dead. He saw himself raised his sword and gave up a roaring sound. He frowned as himself went to males. All wearing different clothing but in similar styled while swinging the sword with some smirk on his face. He recalling fighting till some male with face seen and familiar snuck up behind himself he ignored and didn't realize at the time was the God Lance Richard. Shad from memory was to busy fighting other males to bother not doing any defense towards the sneaking male unnoticed stabbed him via the back with his sword. He recalled everything went black after that. Shad frowned recalling to himself that he couldn’t remember anything else after the scene went black. He felt himself very confused to what was importance of the memories in his mind. Shad frown as the memory finished playing in his mind. He stretched his arms in front of him. He adjusted his position to lie on the bed eyes staring at the ceiling. He felt sleepiness and shut his eyes falling asleep. Shad dreamed of himself standing on a field of grasses. He saw himself wearing the familiar dress clothes on his form. He saw while having a hand on his waist where he recognized as a sword hanging from the belt. He watched as himself was glaring at a male he recognized as George. Both were having groups of ten men surrounding them in a semi circle.
Shad listened as he spoke “What do you take of my peaceful terms sir?”
He heard from George sounding of sarcasm “I don’t agree with them and have rejected them. Think of something else.”
He continued to watch as he spoke sounding angry “You should have agreed.”
He heard from George who spoke “Agreed to what? A foolish plan by a foolish man.”
He watched as he yanked out the sword and swung it towards George who yanked out his sword. He continued to watch as George met him self’s sword which clanging noises were heard. He continued to watch as men all around him and George met each other pulling swords and clanging them while appearing to try to kill each other. Shad smelled something familiar hitting him. He frowned wondering as he woke up with a jerk as smells of food assaulted his nose. He sat up to look at the foot of the bed in front of the door was a wooden tray with block stands holding bowls of food and drink. He felt himself hungry got up from the bed. He went to the tray to sit down. Shad helped himself to the food eating ravenously till there was nothing left. He adjusted his position to kneel closing his eyes. Shad saw of the black haired woman again looking older by her hair having streaks of grey. 
She was running in a field among men fighting each other with swords ignoring her. She was having a look of concern on her face. He continued to watch her as she ran in the field with a hand up waving it. It appeared to him she was using some mental power to guide her to something. He watched as her hand pointed down followed by her kneeling to pull a male figure from lying on his stomach onto his back. He stiffened seeing it was himself having a bloody red splotch on his back area over the heart area after turned over. He continued to stiffen as the woman stroked his face along with appearing to weep tears while gently rocking her form. He frowned as she stopped the rocking to get up and with such force started dragging him unmoving through the field. She ignored among men fighting each other. She continued with the dragging till three women looking alike appeared standing blocking the woman’s way. He continued to watch as the woman dropped him halted by the three women.
The woman spoke in a tearful voice “Three sisters, do something about my love! He is dead in my arms! I never had a chance of him acknowledging me as his love and father of my son like my son never acknowledging me as his mother! I want that to happen!”
He eyed the three women who spoke in unison “That’ll be done as you wish, Victoria but it won’t be in your time. You must be patient for this will happen once nature has taken its course.”
He frown hearing the name of Victoria. He figured it belonged to the woman who burst into tears and then the darkness arrived and he jerked his eyes open to discover himself lying sideways in bed on his left side. He resumed shutting his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious to dream. Victoria looking very old with her hair white. He eyed her as she stood holding a fire torch and looking sad with sunlight shining dimly. He continued to watch as he saw her bring the fire torch to a pile of sticks was wood. He watched the fire spread showing a figure lying on top he recognized as the blonde woman looking asleep and very old by the looks of her. He frowned as the fire consumed the pile of sticks and the woman who remained still.
Shad continued to dream eyeing Victoria who spoke “Never again you’ll have my love in your clutches Arianne. I will have what I want, Tom, acknowledging me as his love and my husband.  Lance Richard, please grant me that acknowledgement of my Tom I give a plea for. I’ll do what it takes to have that happen. I don’t care if there’s a price of my death for my love to acknowledge me. I will see that this happens.”
Shad woke up feeling himself better which he got up from the bed. He frowned recalling the name of Lance Richard with confusion running through him. He came to realize that it was the name of Victoria’s God. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and went towards his altar to mediate. Shad recalled to himself as his anger ran through him. He recalled a memory of himself appearing to be a teenager wearing the odd clothing. He was holding a brown sword sparring against a familiar bearded male holding an identical brown sword while appearing to be older while wearing identical clothing. Shad from the memory continued to spar fight the male till he knocked aside the male’s brown sword. 
He spoke as he poked the sword into the male’s stomach “Got you hah.”
He heard from the male “Don’t let confidence overtake you despite you defeating me, Mindbender. There are others capable of defeating you.”
He recalling the memory as Mindbender spoke “Who cares? I want to fight. I hate it when Mother says I’m not old enough to do it.”
He watched in his mind as he heard “Mothers are always right. They know when children are ready.”
Shad saw himself frown who turned around to face a familiar blonde female. 
She looked older by grey in her blonde hair who continued speaking “You’re not ready Mindbender.”
Mindbender, he eyed spoke in a whining tone “But I want to fight, Mother.”
He eyed the female who was his Mother raiser. She walked up to him to place a hand on his shoulder.
She spoke “Don’t worry Mindbender you’ll get the chance to fight but not now. Wait till you're older. You'll be more ready to fight even ready to be undefeated in fights.”
He eyed himself who formed a big frown on his face. 
It was followed by his Mother raiser adding “Mindbender resume your practice. It’s best to keep it up for you’ll be able to fight undefeated once old enough.”
He saw himself nod his head followed by his Mother raiser letting go of his shoulder to walk away. He turned around and resumed sword fighting with the male who halted the sparring. 
By speaking sounding out of breath “Halt…now…I…need…to…rest…”
Mindbender he saw formed a glare on his face. 
The male went to sit down on the grassed ground near his Mother raiser who spoke “What do you think Ian?”
Mindbender stared at Ian he assumed was his name who spoke “Oh he’ll make a terrific fighter. The potential is there but he needs to be disciplined in the art of sword fighting, Arianne.”
He heard the name Arianne assumed it belonged to his Mother raiser. 
She spoke “Just as I planned.”
Shad saw he still holding the brown sword shrug and began doing some movements with the weapon. He saw while appearing to be doing fighting movements along with doing some pretending like he was fighting with another. He snapped his mind of the memory he felt his anger abruptly leave him. He felt a great feeling of sadness hit him and he shut his eyes bursting into tears crying uncontrollably wailing loudly. He suddenly felt a dam inside him burst. He cried as he brought his hands to his face while still crying away. He felt his own bed underneath him. He curled himself into a ball crying himself to sleep to dream of Victoria. He saw her open her arms wide which he went into her arms and felt her hugging him in response. He sighed from the hug to feel himself better and released his hold on her as she did the same to put a hand on his shoulder.
He stared at Victoria who spoke “I never abandoned you after you left me. You were taken away from me. You were given influence to kill as an assassin without my influence or my say so as your wife and lover who wanted life as your goal instead. I just wish you would acknowledge me as the way I wanted in the first place. I was denied that opportunity of having that acknowledgement. I will have even seeing it come to fruition-”
He frowned while hearing voices speaking in unison sounding of Erra, Terra and Merra “Not time yet, Victoria.”
Shad saw Victoria form a big frown on her face followed by his eyes forced shut. He woke up and went to his altar. He kneeled shutting his eyes mediating as the memory's events flashed in his mind. He breathed deeply through his nose as he mediated and opened his eyes as the lights appeared to be dim. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding behind him. He spun around getting up to stand with a start to see Victoria was there appearing to look solid and not ghostly looking. Shad stared at her with a frown as she stared at him back seemingly happy to see him.
He heard from her “Remember, Tom.”
He stiffened as memories of himself as Tom Shad Mindbender the Assassin Thunder flashed in his mind. He gasped bending down putting hands on his forehead while shaking his form. He shook from shock running through him. He realized that he was the assassin himself and that Victoria was his love he truly cherished. He continued to feel the shocking feeling running through him. He recalled his life as Mindbender being brainwashed by a hybrid Highlander Human female named Arianne. She brainwashed him to kill a male, a King named George. He succeeded in doing during a battle and wound up killed himself. The killing was from someone else he sensed had seen him doing that. He figured from memory of the male seen sneaking behind him had killed him on Arianne’s orders. It was due to recognizing the male as one of her, own servants. He continued to recall that Victoria wanted him to acknowledge her as his lover. Tom as he'll refer himself, breathed hard through his nose. He straightened up his form to stand and removed his hands while staring at Victoria. She still had that happy look in her eyes and face. He didn’t comment a word as Victoria reached out a hand and touched him on the cheek. 
She heard saying “Oh my love, how long I waited for this moment.”
He breathed deeply through his nose. He felt Victoria’s hand on his cheek that felt real to him giving him pleasure to his feeling of rubbing the area. 
She continued to speak “I never stopped caring about you over the years you were gone from me without love. I would think about you from time to time. Wondering how you were and wondering if you were told about me as you healed via the High Council. It appears from the looks of what I’ve seen from you in this body form you’re in now healed of your mortal wound. The wound was of being stabbed in the back via sword.”
He sighed as Victoria removed her hand from his cheek to his shoulder.
She was continuing talking “I don’t know how but the God King Lance Richard took pity on me wishing to have you in my life. He had some messenger land on my doorstep of the monastery in Lance Richard’s order telling me about you meeting King George in peace. I realized from my powers that you were my love. I went to Brittany in hopes of meeting you for the acknowledgement as you calling me your wife. I was calling you my husband. I was seeing you as my lover. It pained me to find you dead during the midst of a battle. I pleaded to the God to restore you back to life. The God’s three servants the three sisters heard my prayer. They came to me telling me I would have what I want but I would have to wait for it to happen.”
He didn’t say a word as Victoria rubbed his shoulder while continuing talking “I did what I could to wait. Even using my powers on you to see your body remained intact. I ordered you placed in a cave where I would watch on you from time to time. Not letting death stop me from the watching you guarding you from harm till you were found. Then brought back to life and transported to this place you are now.”
He again kept his mouth shut as Victoria continued talking “Arianne was really after the throne George was currently holding hence she having you kill him. She wanted to be Queen. She was willing to do what it takes to achieve that goal. This includes even raising our son, to kill you after you killed the King for the crown. She had our son unknowingly of you being his father, kill you after you killed George. It was just to make sure that you wouldn’t take the crown for that killing.”
He frowned forming it on his face as Victoria kept talking “It’s a pity that Arianne’s work was for nothing. One of her servants I heard named Mindbender wound up betraying her confidence as in admitting her goal to the High Council. The servant talked to others in George's circle about her goal including to the High Council. She wound up imprisoned and her lands and home taken away which she later died contained. I managed to convince the prison warden to let me have Arianne’s body. So I could properly depose it along with using my powers to see that her spirit was gone for good and not causing any havoc.”
He continued to stare at Victoria who without another word hugged him abruptly.
He hugged her back and felt compelled to speak which he blurt “I love you, Victoria.”
He felt himself shocked by his admission. Victoria hugged him tighter sensing what he said was what she wanted from him. He hugged her in response feeling himself becoming happy from the hugging. He sighed and then groaned as she broke off the hug removing his arms to place her hands on his shoulders. He stared at her as Victoria leaned forwards and kissed him on the lips he kissed back in response. 
Then she added breaking off the kiss “I finally have what I want and I can rest easy from that.”
He felt his eyes forced shut came to finding himself kneeling facing his altar. He jerked his eyes open with a start and got up looking around seeing nothing was amiss. He felt himself tired and needing to sleep figured he’ll do it. Still sighing he went to his bed yawning and eyed the bed with relief. He went to the bed and pulled the blankets off. He got in and put the blankets on his form up to his chest and fluffed the pillow with his hands before settling his head on it. He eyed the ceiling overhead appearing to be stone looking and blew out the candle making night vision of green dormant in his eyesight. Tom exhaled a breath through his mouth and shut his eyes allowing himself to fall asleep. He saw Victoria smiling standing on what appeared to be a cloud. Then he watched as she turned around and glided away sunlight becoming brighter and brighter blocking his view of her. She disappeared from his eyesight as the sunlight faded away showing nothing in its place. Tom asleep formed a smile realizing that his past love, Victoria was finally at peace and himself knowing he’ll always be connected to her regardless of where he was planet side.
He mentally thought while still smiling “I love you, Victoria and I always will.-”
Nikolai quit the storytelling via Speakers giving off Argh comments at the same time. Recorder groaned softly once the memory finished playing in Nikolai’s mind as she sensed Tom’s happiness via Victoria in his presence. Recorder paused from typing to eye the Souler Council as if drawn to find one of the blue hooded robed figures of armor was clad in entirely black hooded robe who indicated of Tom to her. She felt annoyance take hold despite not sure where Tom the original was via hiding from her while sensing that Tom was disgusted with the story from hearing it. Nikolai was heard sounded of disgust loudly only to hear silence from the Speakers who were again seen grimacing while looking up at him. 
Recorder wound up making throat clearing noises to find her facial expression indicated “Keep telling the story now!”
Nikolai sighed and forced himself to obey telling the story despite speaking loudly to himself during breaks of speaking the story “Seems like my memory is jumbled up somewhere with what the Meritanians are making me remember. Ugh.”
Nikolai spoke “Mindbender aka Shad found himself dreaming as if compelled a memory in his mind.” 

Shad found himself holding a sword while edging into a dark sinister forest while wearing armored clothing covering his form entirely in black. He heard noises of someone running in the forest crashed after the figure to tackle an apparent naked male onto the ground followed by swinging himself up and thrusting the sword at the male's neck. He saw the male was familiar appearing to look Human while bare of clothes that held up both hands up in a surrender gesture. 
He glared at male who spoke "Just be done with and kill me now, assassin."
He recalled why the male he identified as a priest of Lance Richard's secret order, was bare of clothes. It was punishment from a neighboring King outlawing the religious beliefs of Lance Richard as a God and doing it to priests’ publicity flaunting the God in people's faces. The neighboring King was George of Lions' bane had used his own daughter to charm the male into a mating ritual at the river. He recalled, King George arrived to get the priest an actual King dubbed Anyan, to surrender his kingdom of Anya via written notice before ordering the male to get into the forest before the King set his men onto him to kill him. Shad eyed Anyan who quit the all black eyed look showing Human blue eyes with a look in them he recognized as if knowing what it was of surrendering to death. 
He was told by the High Council's servants “You once finding Anyan was to find a certain Humanoid sky eyed look in the male's eyes and spare his life if he displays it. Instead of displaying his creepy all night skied look.” 
He put the sword away back into his scabbard “I'm not going to kill you anyway. Besides I took down King George's men sent to kill you actually."
He found Anyan thrusting himself forwards knocking him onto the ground while hearing a whooshing sound of an arrow and heard a grunt sound from the male. Shad rolled them over to swing himself up while thrusting his sword in front of him to spot an archer on horseback joined by other archers he finding himself and his victim surrounded. He glared as two archers got their horses to step aside followed by a familiar male with a beard chuckling loudly while on horseback. 
Shad glared at the male his mind told him was King George who spoke "So the brother proves his loyalty to his own brother."
He heard the sarcasm of the King's voice tone gave off a low growling noise only to feel Anyan's hand onto his ankle which he bent down to place a hand onto the male's shoulder while resuming the glare aimed at King George.
King George he glared at spoke "I suggest you do what your brother told you to do which is killing him. So do it now."
He in response threw his sword towards the ground while kneeling facing King George and keeping a hand onto Anyan's shoulder he feeling the male acting like his own brother, gripping in a gentle grip in response. He kept the glare aimed at King George finding the archers going away and darting out of sight leaving him alone with the male along with an additional horse. 
He glared as King George spoke while dropping the reins of the horse without a rider on it "Your loyalty to your brother reminds me of my loyalty to my own brother. I'll keep you alive for that. You come upon the lands of this kingdom I won't hesitate to have you dead on sight. Don't come again."
Shad kept the glare as King George jabbed a finger in a direction off his left "There's a village dubbed Lancelot by the sea off in that direction via boat to get to there on a ferry. I have no attempts to take the village into my Kingdom. You'll find sanctuary there. Don't leave the village for anything."
He gave a head bob as King George without a further word road away via horse out of sight. Shad didn't say a word went to the horse eating a plant to yank it towards Anyan it not resisting to that. He found clothes folded into the bag tossed them to Anyan who took out the arrow showing a bleeding cut on the arm while grimacing before getting up to put on the clothes. Shad got onto the horse and held up a hand towards Anyan who showed Human blue eyes to him with trust in them he recognized. He didn't say a word as Anyan took his hand to grip it before letting go and got onto the horse behind him. He felt Anyan gripping him by the waist including head leaning against his back he sensing the male was upset but didn't comment a response towards him as he got the horse to gallop towards the village as pointed out by King George leading to a bridge of stone leading to the beach area. He found the village easily by the sea that appeared to look like a poor village from the looks of how poor everything was made by the huts seen. He grunted once the horse reared up in front of a young woman seen but was dressed in some odd clothing. 
He didn't say a word as the young woman spoke sounding firm "Your kind isn't wanted here, High Council."
He recalled his voice and the wording language the female used to spoke firmly "His name is Anyan. He's here to help out. I'm just his brother and caretaker dropping him off for you to help him."
He sensed Anyan quit the clinging to look at the female whose eyes widen of recognition in them followed by her speaking "The name is Jacinda. Welcome to Lancelot, Master and servant. I'll teach you what you need to know around here Sirs."
He got off the horse and got Anyan displaying his Master ability off the horse to find Jacinda going up towards the male and taking his hand. Shad followed while pulling the horse to find Jacinda taking them to a house appearing to be better made despite the huts not showing very many people around. He frowned as he got the horse tied to a tree next to the house as Jacinda and Anyan went inside the house shutting the door. He looked around to find villagers coming out of hiding some seen scared but staring at him with ranges of emotions on their faces. Shad sighed figuring from their expressions that they saw and heard what he said regarding Anyan to frown walking away from his horse to stand in the middle of the pathway. 
He eyed the villagers warily to sense Anyan behind him speaking something that sounded like "Forgive me, God."
Shad felt pain hitting his back indicated something hard hitting his head from behind him followed by passing out unconscious-

Nikolai cut himself off from the Meritanians’ snickering like laughter sounding in Recorder’s mind despite sensing annoyance hitting the male who appeared to hear the plants’ jokey laughter. 
He got from both Speakers “Just tell the story!”
Nikolai obeyed despite sounding disgusted with the Meritanians’ and their manipulating him to speak something else than what he intended to speak. It was via the feeling of a familiar headache hitting him indicating that manipulation. 

Shad came to recall coming to feeling himself lying in a coffin to find Anyan holding his hand and speaking "I'm sorry, Tom, for doing this. It's to protect you from harm from the machinations of the High Council. I oath to you that you'll get the acceptance you wanted. Forgive me God, Lance Richard for doing this terrible thing."
He found Anyan shutting a familiar coffin's lid shut and walking away as he found himself shutting his eyes passing out unconscious only to wake up hearing the familiar siren noises compelling him to wake up. 
Shad aka Tom himself wound up yelling mentally "I want acceptance from anyone and I want it now!"
He felt the cloud colored male was still having his hands onto his forehead as he came to knock aside the male's hands with anger in his eyes. Tom glared at the male feeling hatred aimed at the male hitting him. 
The male spoke "You will forgive, Lance Richard-"
Tom interrupted mouthing despite not sure why his voice wasn't there "I won't! You can go to the depths now! I'm done being in this jail cell!"
He got up to storm towards the door to realize with a start that he didn't know how to open it to glare at the male while adding "Open the door or I'll cut you."
Tom pulled out his sword from his scabbard thrusting it aimed at the male and towards the door. He found the male refused to budge getting up instead remained kneeling. Tom darted towards the male only striking out his sword only to feel the odd sense again hitting him as the male disappeared in a puff of smoke in front of him. He looked around the room finding it empty and gave up a faint roaring noise in response to charge towards the door clawing it with his gloved hands. He found the door refused to budge opening as he continued to feel the familiar sense hitting him. Tom felt confusion hitting him on what the sense was as he looked behind him to find the male was back kneeling. Tom mentally growled an angry sound and put away the sword into the scabbard and forced himself to kneel in front of the male while glaring at him who had eyes shut with a peaceful look on his face. He kept on glaring at the male seemingly lengthy who refused to budge from mediation he figured was what he was doing. Tom felt his mood plummet charged towards the male after getting up in a fast move only to find him disappearing in a puff of smoke. He gave up another roar of frustration. He charged towards the walls appearing to be stone that refused to crack underneath his fisting. He kicked and fisted the walls till he felt his anger simmered a bit to resume kneeling while facing the wall opposite from the door. Tom found the familiar male appearing with a puff of smoke he smelling nothing to indicate smoke to him to his annoyance. He found his nose had something of a breathing tube attached blocking his smelling. Tom removed the tube only to get a terrible feeling of angry rage hitting him along with his eyes clouding up in whiteness turning him blind. He frowned finding the blindness remained despite shaking his head repeatedly. Tom forced the breathing tubes back into his nostrils and found the whiteness stopped clouding including his angry feeling. He found himself not alone but with that familiar male sitting in front of him. He glared at the male while angry and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate himself to calm mood that was slow arriving within him as he kept on recalling Anyan's betrayal he called it. Tom kept feeling his angry mood remained only to feel hands touching his forehead he compelled to keep his hands to himself despite fisting them. He found the hands were soothing to him to calm down from his raging angry mood. 
Tom found he sad abruptly to burst into tears crying wailing sounds while wailing noises he heard himself speaking voice tone "God, oh why did you have to do this to me?"
He found himself repeating his question over and over as he cried till he felt himself calm to recall during a bout of body guarding as an assassin to another male a King.
Something the King, he recognized as Anyan, told him once alone with him "I'll do what it takes to protect you even do anything. Even have you declared dead with your body someplace contained intact for you to wake up and live your own life with the acceptance you want. I don't want to see my own brother, I see you as him, hurt suffering from rejection from people. The rejection is basis to why you were seen as an assassin. I refused to have that be a reason why you're rejected. I prefer you to be accepted with kindness and people's equal firmly."
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak firmly "I forgive you brother Anyan."
He groaned to feel the male's hands off his forehead to hear an odd sound. 
He frowned opening his eyes to find the male speaking "You may leave."
Tom heard the edge in the male's voice tone finding him eyeing him with a narrowed eyed look indicating of wanting something. He sighed and unbuckled his belt holding his sword and scabbard to hold it up towards the male in response. 
Tom frowned getting the male speaking "That's not what I want. Physical objects are useless to me."
He sighed and buckled his belt back onto himself as he thought “My name is Eric but I’m known as Terrania-”

Nikolai cut himself off from speaking the story giving a sound of disgust and again heard snickering like laughter from the Meritanians sounding in his mind. He got the familiar comment from the Speakers obeyed to speak the story. This time he changed the names using the name of Terrania and Eric.

Terrania spoke firmly "My given name is Eric. I've called myself Terrania, in honor of the planetary world of Terrania before Edenia and Humania left. I still refer myself by the Terrania name. I refused to accept being called Eric."
Recorder interrupted the Storyteller, Nikolai by a loud Humph sound of sarcasm. 
Nikolai looked in Recorder’s direction with a frown hearing the Humph got pleas from the listening audience via Speakers “Tell more of the story now!”
Nikolai appeared to stare at Recorder with a big frown but didn’t say a word in response till a voice spoke loudly “What happened to recalling this Eric’s memories since Eric woke up and discovered himself alive back from disappeared status?”
Nikolai pausing from the tale spoke his tale in response to his audience listening “Eric woke up with memories of Shad the assassin, while he was wearing his own assassin's clothes, fully in his mind.” 
Recorder paused as Nikolai paused from telling the tale to notice the speakers in the room leaving while appearing to be shaking some sleepiness status from them. She spotted the Souler Council remained in their seats as she sensed Tom or clone nearby but hidden via feelings of sadness hitting her abruptly. 
Recorder sigh thinking to herself via pauses of Nikolai’s telling the story “Tom must be wearing a tech to hide himself.” 
Recorder caught offsprings about four of them sleeping onto the floor while wearing Soulers’ armors. Nikolai appeared to frown pausing from telling the tale to eye them only to get a hand snapping in front of his eyes. 
Recorder looked seeing the hand’s owner was Yana appearing into sight via wheelchair who spoke in a loud whisper “This room is also used for the offsprings to listening to stories via the orders of the Souler Council. The offsprings seemed to have trouble sleeping in their rooms. Too much of enclosed spaces to them hence they sleeping into the throne room listening to whoever speaks a story to put them down asleep.”
Recorder inhaled a breath and heard Nikolai whispered loudly “You owe me an explanation to why the Meritanians are manipulating anyone among the population appearing to be a bunch of clones to have memories of whomever and speak it for their stories records.”
Recorder noticed Nikolai got tossed a book in response which he caught with his left hand finding Yana speaking “Read that story, involving the actual reason why the Meritanians are manipulating anyone to have memories even if their clones or originals.”
Recorder recalled herself given book and saw Nikolai obeyed to read the book entirely reading the story titled “Soulers’ sacred book of Army of Light.”
Nikolai once done sighed loudly from reading the book to frown finding Recorder herself still seated across from him via the floor giving him a glare with her eyes turning all black to speak the point of the lesson. 
Nikolai groaned softly and spoke “Edenia made a deal with the High Council for living here with the Souler Council running things out of safety of visitors visiting the moon world despite her orbiting the planet. No one believed the Meritanians when they said they thought Edenia was predicting doom and gloom for nothing involving visitors to her moon world. The Meritanians wound up targeting anyone here with memories to keep them from thinking of visiting Edenia including staying in this planet, whatever name its called. Hence Meritanians sickening anyone with memories to make them leave off planet to elsewhere. Something I’m stuck living here with whoever which I have to put up with from them sickening me memorie-”
Recorder wound up interrupted by Humph as Nikolai added speaking sounding of manipulated by a Meritanian by the voice tone “There’s nothing I can do involving the Meritanians sickening me with memories despite they not doing it to you. If I wanted to leave the planet I would insists on that. Since the planet is my home and my birthplace including the oceans calling me to swim in them including that I prefer to stay on Aire with Victoria at my side as my equal and my mate-”
Recorder wound up gasping loudly as she gave Nikolai a glare and spoke “What’s with you being shocked Victoria dear?”
Nikolai glared in response to Recorder’s gasp as her eyes water in tears followed by her speaking in some sad voice tone “Edenia kept her promise when I was left behind on planet Aire. Edenia contacted me and said she promised to restore my Tom into a new status but this time he would be harmless from causing death. I didn’t realize she meant you as that person.”
Recorder saw Nikolai gulped and gasped hearing her confession who added “It appears the disaster of the doom and gloom that the Soulers predicted was for nothing. It was involving you, Nikolai with your assassination mental abilities destroyed which you confirmed via your stories. I should have realized that Edenia would remind me of her promise via using you as a native of Aire who survived that world and lived again.”
Recorder saw Nikolai exhaled a breath via mouth and didn’t comment a response as she burst into tears crying hysterically. Recorder heard nothing in response to her crying hysterically.
Recorder cut her crying to frown as she heard blaring in her mind “Enough of that crying fit! Just transport them both out now!”

Recorder adds this later once able to type this down after awhile of being away from the laptop. Recorder sighed tearing herself away from her Tom via feelings willing the Master she calls her mental ability into control. She felt nothing involving her Tom with the wall in place and found herself dumped into water via splashing into it. Recorder frowned opening her eyes to find herself in the shallow waters of Lance Richard’s underwater tomb lying on the ground nearby underwater. She sighed and swam around in the water feeling the warmth till a compulsion to swim towards Lance Richard’s underwater tomb hit. She obeyed despite finding herself ignored by the fanged fish the Piranha guardians of the tomb swimming around it nearby. Recorder after hit with urges to breathe found the entrance easily and walked inside shaking water off her form and breathing the stinky air deeply as well as she could. She went to Lance Richard’s viewing room to sense she wasn’t alone in the room by a faint gasp sounding familiar.
Recorder spoke loudly “I can sense you hiding somewhere around here. So show yourself now.”
Recorder heard a loud Humph sounding familiar in response but nothing indicating a Keo tech’s whining squeal but the presence remaining hidden.
Recorder sighed recognizing the Humph as Tom’s voice willed forwards the Master the wall in her mind down to feel ranges of emotions hitting her. She wound up sensing that the Tom hiding was the original of the Tom’s clones who didn’t share the same feelings of the cloned Toms towards Victoria or clones.
Recorder groaned and spoke during feeling feelings of shock hitting her from herself and sensing Tom the original was annoyed by the noises of Humph sounding repeatedly.
She kept her mouth shut as Tom’s familiar voice was heard “You love him.”
She heard the voice sounded firm in the voice tone to realize the Tom speaking was a clone and not the original of Tom’s as expected. 
Recorder thought to herself while meeting a clone of Tom “The High Council when they left Aire must have taken the original Tom with them and a cloned copy too. I’m not entirely sure of what’s the point of this meeting anyway?”
Recorder cut herself off realizing she’s spoken her thought out loud when she felt annoyance from herself hitting her heard Tom added “What are you annoyed about Victoria?”
Recorder frowned as annoyance was further felt followed by hearing “Alright Merra hinted that you have some connection towards me as in some connection involving a loved status towards me and I towards you. It’s judging by what you said by that thought of yours.”
Recorder sighed hearing Tom’s cloned voice was accented oddly different from the voices of the clones as she kept on feeling ranges of emotions from herself hitting her to realize “He’s the original of Toms.”.
Recorder frowned as she heard nothing in response to thinking thought instead she spoke “So you’re hidden via Keo tech serving the Souler Council?”
Recorder felt disgust from her question as Tom the original spoke in response “Their tracking me via implants in my body to where I’m always at all the time. I’m hidden on their orders actually. I can’t show myself to you without them knowing about it as said to my face when I tried to reveal myself to whomever once.”
Recorder sighed softly hearing disgust in Tom’s voice as she spoke “So the implants in your body must be alerting them of you showing yourself to whomever-”
“I thought that same thought.” She was interrupted as Tom added “Actually the Souler Council made improvements to those devices that involve hiding. As in implanted into the arm of a person and given them terrible pains when the device reveals them.”
Recorder frown feeling disgust hitting her further which she spoke firmly “You already tried to reveal yourself have you?”
She heard in response as she looked around the room sensing Tom was pacing all around her “I already tried that revealing myself multiple times. Mostly in front of this female the original of clones, Victoria for her to see me. Instead I wound up with terrible pain involving my head hitting me that knocked me out unconscious enough to require the Meritanians to dump me into the ocean to wake me up. They always dumped me into King Winter’s Kingdom which the Cold Lord always wakes me up and tells me off on trying to reveal myself via the device implanted into my arm.”
Recorder sensed anger as she heard footsteps of pacing back and forth sounding in front of her to think to herself “He doesn’t know I’m Victoria the original and assumes I’m a clone.”  
Recorder frowned as she heard nothing more from Tom but felt the angry feeling continued. Recorder felt herself compelled to keep her mouth shut and kneeled while shutting her eyes forcing herself to listen to Tom’s pacing and sensing anger. She kept her mouth shut and waited mediating till she found herself floating in the air. Recorder opened her eyes and found herself heading towards the ocean with King Winter’s Kingdom floating nearby on icebergs with a splash. She fell into the water and swam up to the surface to find the Cold Lord, King Winter standing on an iceberg nearby in front of his icy castle with a hand making a come gesture. Recorder sighed seeing the glaring stare of King Winter obeyed to swam up to the Cold Lord and got out of the water to stand onto the ice forcing herself to ignore the cold hitting her. Recorder frowned while eyeing King Winter warily who put a hand onto her neck. 
She heard a loud demanding voice blaring in her mind “That hidden status of a Keo tech is done onto servants of the High Council tracked via homing beacons by any handheld device to alert their presence of wherever they are in the planet. It’s to keep them isolated from other servants and not think of taking up the High Council’s mission on planet Aire which can be anything. One servant alone against an army isn’t enough to fight. Only an army of servants banding together can fight this army. Something the Souler Council feared would happen hence they insisting on former High Council servants wearing Keo techs to keep them separate isolated alone.”
Recorder hissed a breath and willed her Master’s wall up despite feeling raging anger hitting her. She ignored the raging angry mood going away within her as King Winter released her neck with a pat and made a throwing ball gesture. She found herself again floating in the air to land into a pool of water she recognized as Jinks Montreal’s residence pool. Recorder felt her mood bad again swam in the pool thrashing the water once in the shallow end. She thrashed and thrashed till she felt his bad mood going down to her relief. Recorder went to the ladder and got out of the pool finding Barry seated on a bench with a familiar golden eyed glare. 
Recorder ignored Barry’s glare and figured to herself “He always wants whoever visiting King Winter to admit what the Cold Lord said to a person he’s spotted having a conversation.”
Recorder gave up a loud Humph and spoke King Winter’s words entirely without leaving anything out. 
She focused onto Barry with a glare who spoke in response “Just hit the locker room and do something about your appearance. It’s rude and tacky to be like that in front of me. Just don’t take forever in the locker room with your hygiene. I got lots to talk to you about.”
Recorder groaned and obeyed to make sure she wasn’t too long with the cleaning of herself and her clothes and shoes then walked out of the locker room to find Barry was still on the bench. She went to join Barry onto the bench sitting next to the male while groaning loudly and rubbing a hand onto her forehead. She sighed once she heard Barry’s familiar Builder’s chatter to feel herself tossed backwards to land onto a bed that suspiciously felt like her own bed with blankets. She found herself into her bedroom in Dad’s residence to feel compelled to go to the armchair with laptop on her lap typing away. Nikolai was heard snickering from within the room which made Recorder frowned as she halted the laptop’s typing to give Nikolai lying on her bed an all black eyed glare with face indicating Barry’s familiar Confess your crime look. 
Nikolai heard spoke groaned “I met Tom Mindbender Thunder himself. Not sure if it’s a clone I’ve met or the original. I wasn’t able to check for that back marking. The Souler Council told me off on checking 
They said ‘The back checking is now forbidden!’
Ugh.”
Recorder found herself do a double take look as if shocked as she opened her mouth to speak only to hear blaring in her mind “Talk more of that subject and I’ll dump you into an eater mountain!”
Recorder heard Nikolai groaned hearing Ramses’ blaring voice spoke in response “Ramses is talking to me to shut up on that subject. Sorry I can’t tell you more.”
Nikolai resumed lying down onto the bed as Recorder’s typing resume into a furious pace like she was angry about something and was banging her mood down onto the laptop. 
Recorder during the banging onto the laptop groaned and heard in her mind “The Souler Council says you can tell Victoria this story involving her Tom which we’re ordered to give you the memory of the story.”  
Recorder frowned hearing Tank’s blaring voice sounding as she felt the familiar headache hitting her to get a memory of Tom into her mind. Recorder heard the Meritanian’s loud ahem sound as Nikolai was heard spoke the memory entirely.

Tom heard the crying noises become louder and louder till it appeared to be vibrating within his skull. Tom found darkness arriving to his eyesight blocking his view of everything all around him including himself feeling weightlessness like he weighted nothing. 
He felt pain of something coming out of his stomach while hearing a shrieking like cry sounding of “Life!”  
Tom frowned hearing that as nothing came to his memory of what the life comment meant. He felt again pain hitting his stomach followed by hearing a shriek of joy sounding from the voice that spoke the life comment. Tom found light blaring into his eyesight as he found his body becoming heavy like it was weighted of ton. He grimaced from the light’s glare onto his eyes flinched while shutting his eyes, not realizing where he was. Tom felt pressure of a hand Banshee like giving him feelings of something, he wasn’t sure of, patting his cheek in an insisting move urging him to open his eyes. He obeyed to squint from the glare of the sunlight shining in the room via a bedroom while lying onto a bed. Tom felt something familiar onto his face like an oxygen mask. He with both hands yanked the oxygen mask off his face as the hand kept on patting his cheek. He jerked his eyes onto the hand’s owner to find it belonged to familiar male he recognized as Timer with his face. Tom exhaled a breath and sniffed the air via his nostrils sensing nothing amiss despite smelling sea ocean air. He found his body no longer clad of clothes gone from his body as he was lying naked into a bed. He groaned softly and felt himself angry as he forced himself to sit up shaking the episode of angry feeling from him despite urged to will forward the Berserker. Tom felt a hand onto his shoulder pressing him down to lie down as he felt the bed become metallic while sitting on it via bare seat. He obeyed to lie down and felt Timer’s hand removed. Tom frowned as there was a familiar beeping noise indicating of a laser to him via the High Council’s scanners. He breathed deeply through his nostrils smelling various scents for the first time as his eyesight remained fuzzy to his annoyance. Tom didn’t protest as the beeping noise quit followed by hands masculine, belonging to a Drainer, grabbing him and lifting him up with great strength to carry him off the metallic table. He felt the figure was male and big as his size that easily carried him while hearing squeaking sounds. Tom sighed softly and forced his other senses to help him figure where he was being carried. He recalled the elevator leading to a medical room to feel a motion of an elevator followed by sounds of water rumbling making him nervous. Tom shivered in fear hearing the water sounds sounding all around him while held in the grips of a male Drainer he wasn’t sure who it was. He didn’t protest as the elevator was felt stopping followed by put onto a bed and felt the familiar pains of needles jabbing all over the place. Tom groaned loudly from the pain as he again felt his angry feeling hitting him forced himself to mediate with eyes shut willing himself to be calm despite urged to will the Berserker forwards. He kept himself calm and kept on mediating as the needles were felt vibrating within his body seemingly lengthy to his annoyance. Tom found himself compelled to will forwards the Berserker as if compelled. He found the needles remained onto his form after willing it forwards as he found a bright light shining into his eyes. He squinted from the glare of a flashlight blaring into his eyes as he willed aside the Berserker and found the glare remained. Tom found relief when the needles were removed followed by lifted up to a standing position and thrust objects into his hands. He felt the objects were clothes from the feel of his hands as he felt a blindfold put over his eyes. Tom obeyed to put on the clothes he felt were twin to his High Council’s clothes when serving the group while in Aire. He put on the clothes and got handed his familiar gloves which he put on. Tom frowned feeling his blindfold remained to his annoyance as his angry feeling simmered within him. He sighed and felt pressure of a hand gripping his left hand along with a familiar hand over his heart he felt was familiar to him reminding him of someone’s. 
“Victoria.” He found himself speaking.
Tom heard his voice sounded the same and not altered but seemed oddly accented reminding him of something.
He frowned as he added as the hand tapped his chest “I can hear myself talk but I can’t see with this blindfold on. I can’t seem to will this angry feeling hitting me aside. I’ve got the angry feeling in control at the moment via blindfold calming me.”
Tom heard himself speaking his words as he heard a loud Humph sounding in a guttural growling tone followed by hearing “He can hear as indicated to him and isn’t fully deaf and blind as expected. He’s blind for now via blindfold covering his eyes.” 
Tom frowned hearing the voice sounded familiar in a male voice tone made him speak “Jason, is that you?”
He clamped his mouth into a thin line feeling annoyed with what he blurted as there was another voice speaking “His hiding via Keo tech is permanent according to tests of the implant into his body.”
Tom exhaled a breath hearing the voice sounded familiar to him to speak as if compelled “Kurpanov Kossman, is that you?”
He again felt annoyance with what he blurted as the voice masculine and male familiar was heard “Anything he needs to survive while here I’ll help out. I paid a price tag for that survival and I aim to see that no one suffers it despite he freed from the containment trap now.”
Tom spoke “Who is that? Nikolas?”
He heard a rumbling chuckle sound followed by hearing from Nikolas again “Edenia keeps her promises and Tom lives whether you like it or not. He’ll always find a way to come back to existence and will do what it takes to exist.”
He sighed hearing Nikolas’s words sounding firm as he heard nothing more from the male only to hear a sound of a dog barking along with clicking noises of a dog’s toenails clicking loudly. Tom frowned as the hands left him followed by the blindfold removed. He shook his head blinking his eyes from the glare of sunlight shining into the room. Tom frowned finding Jason in the room accompanied with the creepy blue hooded figure of Timer. He frowned as Jason held up his hand indicating to hold onto something he saw resembling a harness while sensing himself sniffed by a gonoid at the sensitive part. He frowned feeling the sniffing didn’t seem lengthy instead was followed by a bark sound indicating a dog followed by Jason grabbing the harness’s handle via motions. Tom frowned as the harness was felt clicking in place of the dog via feel that appeared to have accepted Jason as its master. He didn’t say a word in response instead shook his head of the dizziness to focus onto Timer who gave him a golden eyed glare. 
He spoke “Victoria?”
Tom heard “It’s going to take awhile before you can see her again. The tube’s watery drug involving itself will have to run through your system via various ways before you can see her again. We don’t know what the test results will say involving you withdrawing from the drugged status. It’s an experimental drug actually done onto a manoid such as yourself contained into a tube for the first time.”
He sigh hearing that from Jason who added still speaking “The High Council as known on Aire is referred as Souler Council. Just drop the name of High Council and refer them as Souler Council despite them using High Council’s Speakers to speak for them.”
He groaned but remained silent as Jason’s eyes turned entirely black looking as he shifted to eye Timer in response while hearing Jason giving off hissy fits of roaring and shaking his head in a no gesture. 
Tom frowned as he heard with Berserker willed forwards “Anyhow, Tom, meet Eric as he’s referred and not Jason and excuse his hissy fits.”
He sighed hearing Timer’s words via voice into his mind as he felt a hood placed over his head covering his head entirely along with sensing eye plates including removed. 
Tom didn’t comment a response as Timer was heard adding “Meritanians transport one Mindbender to the Souler Council now out of Kurpanov’s Sanctuary!”
“Don’t worry the natives of Kurpanov’s Sanctuary won’t keep you too long here.” He heard from Tank as he was transported to the High Council’s throne room as assumed to where he was transported.
Tom mentally spoke after getting urges to remove the hood “Kurpanov’s Sanctuary? What’s that?”
He frowned as he heard in response voice from Tank after removing the hood “Kurpanov Kossman as he’s called made a deal with the current High Council or Souler Council, taking residence in Aire, to leave certain areas of the planetary world alone for manoids to use for medical means to recover from medical issues.”
Tom exhaled a breath as he continued to hear from Tank while finding not one member in the seats of the High Council or their speakers to his confusion “The Souler Council has taken advantage of Kurpanov’s Sanctuary to send servants of them suffering medical issues for healing and restoring back to health status. Unfortunately those servants are sometimes dropped of servitude when the Souler Council loses interests into having them serve them. I warn you, Tom, and whoever, that the Souler Council is like an offspring with short attention span involving toys to play with. They lose interests into toys servants to serve them for awhile to have a normal life. This is followed by them later gaining interests into the servant again to serve them. It’s a terrible cycle that keeps on happening over and over again like a bad habit. I’m not even sure of what will cause the Souler Council to drop this cycle permanently.”
He sighed softly to hear a faint bell ringing noise along with the angry feeling leaving him via Meritanians’ manipulation. Tom found the Berserker willed away from him via Meritanians’ manipulation. Tom noticed that he wasn’t alone in the room as he heard the bell ringing become louder He figured that the female Human standing nearby him holding a device of a cell phone in her hand that she was Georgina Visser. He figured she was a clone of her as he noticed Victoria seated in her wheelchair looking at him with a sad look he figured she was a clone dubbed Sadness.
Tom spoke loudly “What’s going on?”
He eyed Georgina to find her and Sadness the clone, doing double take looks followed by the female holding up her cell phone and giving a glare at it ignoring his words. 
He ignored Sadness sensed glaring at Georgina despite the use of his voice to focus onto the female who spoke “Tracker is working perfectly. He’s standing next to me at the moment.” 
Tom groaned softly hearing Georgina’s words to find her using the cell phone he figured it was to go up towards him holding up a hand. He forced himself to shake hands with Georgina forcing himself to avoid the temptation of kissing it with his lips. He sighed and focused onto Sadness who quit her glare followed by holding up a book into his direction from a pocketbook in her chair.
He frowned as she spoke “Tell me you can read this.”
Tom eyed Sadness holding up the book in his direction. 
He sighed and took the book from Sadness to read the cover finding it said “Eric’s Journal.”
Tom opened the book finding printed words in Japanese, the Human Earth’s language aka Highlanders’ written language but told in an English writing style of left to right from its contents in planet Aire. He scanned the book to realize with a start it was a copy of a journal someone wrote himself stories for an offspring to read to themselves when they were old enough to not receive comforting from their parents due to nightmares. 
Tom spoke once handing the book back to Sadness who snatched it out of his hand with a loud Humph “What’s going on since I was out into a trap from the Souler Council doing it to me?”
He frowned as Sadness took the book and put it back into her pocketbook attached to the wheelchair’s side and heard a growling noise of annoyance from Anubis sounding in the room. He eyed found Anubis and Falcons in the room via whining squeals, the gonoid head warrior holding a spear as his Falcons were felt grabbing his arms into ironclad holds. 
Groaning Tom spoke “I was under the assumption that you knew what happened to me.”
He got Sadness shaking her head into a no gesture while spotting Georgina giving him a golden eyed glare in response. Tom eyed Sadness with a frown to find her folding her arms and giving him a glare. He obeyed to speak the story of his servitude of serving the High Council while on Terra including his servitude of serving them in Shadan’s past. 
He added speaking “The Highlanders called Great Britain, Brittany because it was littered with plants of Meritanians all over the place and seemed to have a personality involving trashing the High Council to the Humans living there. Great Britain seemed to be some sanctuary land from the Highlanders and the High Council’s manipulations for Humans to live doing whatever they wanted. Hence the High Council roping Humans into assassination work in Great Britain for anybody they deemed deserves to die. I’m not sure how I wound up freed from this Shad status temporary like what what’s said, they lost interests into me at the moment.”
He frowned while eyeing Georgina to see her shaking her head in a no gesture and got from her in response “The Souler Council never loses interests in servants serving them. They temporary put them out of service to rest and are rewarded for their servitude. Your reward is your freedom from the containment of the tube. You’ll once you’re withdrawn from the drugs be allowed to see Victoria the original one and not the one in the wheelchair-“
Sadness interrupted “Hey!”
Tom frowned as Georgina spoke ignoring Sadness speaking “The Souler Council expects perfect loyalty from you as their servant or you won’t be rewarded.”
He felt angry feelings hitting him thought to himself “My anger must be coming onto me.”
Tom found his thought coming true by his eyesight clouding up in red colored indicating his angry mood he dubbed rages and willed forwards the Berserker to rub hands through his hair.
Tom felt a hand patting him onto the shoulder as the rages went through him he hearing “It’s just a side effect from the drug. It’ll make his eyesight clouded up for a bit but not too long.”
He shook off the rages and felt the Falcons’ grips onto his arms remained ironclad as he resumed folding his arms. He frowned while eyeing Georgina with a frown as Sadness was heard clearing her throat.
Tom spoke “So what am I supposedly being doing other than standing around doing nothing?”
He frowned as Sadness wheeled her wheelchair and felt the Falcons pulling him to follow which he obeyed finding them still holding onto his arms like glue. He frowned as he followed Sadness wheeling her wheelchair through a familiar hallway indicating the High Council’s home to the familiar gate room to see her pause in front of the travel gate holding only whiteness. 
He groaned softly as Sadness spoke loudly appearing to be addressing a small plant twin to a Meritanian by the looks “Horus’s residence via vehicle room in the city of New York, as it’s called now.”
He frowned as he felt his mind scanned and found an image of a place he recognized fully into his mind as Sadness led the way through the travel gate. Tom found himself freed of the Falcons’ holds to find himself coming out of a travel gate in Jinks Montreal’s garage room in one side of the garage as there were vehicles parked nearby. He frowned finding various hybrids Humans Highlanders scattered around the room that were armed with guns and appeared to ignore their intrusion. He heard barking sounding again sounding firmly excited to him as a hybrid, a Human and Highlander, he figured was an Elf, arrived with a dog pulling onto the leash in some restrained move. He sighed and ignored the Elf’s dog going up to Sadness and appeared to be sniffing her wheelchair all over the place including sniffing its way towards him to sniff him all over including his sensitive part. He figured that the dog was a detector of something onto visitors entering Jinks Montreal’s residence. Tom kept his mouth shut into a thin line as the Elf waved them out with a jerk of his head as the Elf’s dog resumed a sitting position onto haunches next to the male in some trained move. He wordlessly followed Sadness out of the garage instead of to the elevator as expected. He was finding her leading the way further into the city he spotted was New York City from the looks of it but smelled salt ocean air more powerfully. 
He recalled himself to realize with a start as he followed Sadness into the city “Island nations are back as before during Brittany on Aire.”
Tom frowned following Sadness finding she seemed to know where she was going with him following like glue including ignoring other dogs walking by on leashes making sniffing movements towards them both. He ignored the dogs to follow Sadness through the city as his blinding red rages hit again which made him grab Sadness’s handle off the back of her wheelchair. He gripped the handle and ignored Sadness sensed wheeling herself pulling him further into the city as he heard nothing to indicate automobile traffic to him. Tom found the noises of the city wasn’t that loud to him instead seemed quieter while hearing Sadness’s wheelchair squeaking loudly as he sensed himself obeying to her order to follow her. He frowned as Sadness led the way till there was a faint beep noise of a sliding door opening followed by the city noises quit including another beep noise. He frowned as he followed Sadness guided by hand onto her wheelchair to find his rages going away which he looked around spotting a lobby with a desk that had a female Elf at a computer console typing away that ignored her wheeling. He frowned as Sadness made a beeline towards a ramp to an entrance into the lobby. He followed Sadness going onto the ramp and followed her into the hallway finding she was leading to the elevator at the end of the hallway. He frowned as Sadness held up a hand towards a laser’s light followed by her clearing her throat loudly. He sighed and adjusted his hold onto her wheelchair and released a hand from his gloves pulling the sleeve up from covering the area and waved a hand towards the laser. He frowned as there was a faint sound of multiple ding noises to indicate an elevator. Tom didn’t say a word in response as he again heard hear nothing from Sadness. He growled an annoyed sound as his rages again hit which he felt for the wheelchair’s handle. He didn’t have to wait long for the elevator which arrived with a loud ding noise annoying him. Tom felt annoyed and wordlessly followed Sadness into the elevator hearing her throat clearing noises sounding again. 
He sighed and held up his hand only to hear from her “Your eye is required for that.”
Tom resumed putting onto his glove and felt his mask covering his eyes which he adjusted with Sadness’s help to a spot in the elevator. He frowned as there was a red laser glaring onto his eyes followed by hearing a faint beep noise as his rages left him. He shook his head of the rages and again blinked from the glare of red lights blinding him into his eyes. Tom again heard another beep noise and frowned to step away from the console a camera dome indicating its light’s source. He found Sadness without a word adjusting her wheelchair to sit underneath the dome finding its red light blaring into her eyes followed by another familiar beep noise.
Tom spoke “What’s with the security anyway?”
He frowned as he eyed Sadness in response that shook her head from the camera dome followed by the elevator moving up. 
Tom cleared his throat loudly only to get from Sadness speaking in response “I’ll tell you once we’re safety home.”
He frowned as his rages hit on and off during the ride up via elevator to feel it stop after five counted dinging noises. He found his rages quit once he followed Sadness out of the elevator to see a small lobby holding a glass door that opened with a beep sound.
Tom heard a voice speaking “Greetings Missus Thunder and Master Thunder, how may I help you today?”
He found the voice’s owner belonged to a male Human clad in a suit with a bow tie that flashed eyes golden of a Builder standing in the hallway of the residence. Tom sighed hearing the door slam shut with a bang noise behind him. He heard a loud meow sounding of a cat followed by paws onto his shoulder including a cat’s face rubbing the area. 
Tom heard from the male again as his rages hit “Excuse me, I haven’t proper introduced myself. I’m James your butler of the residence. I take care of your needs including the needs of your residence gonoids when called for it.”
He sighed and released Sadness’s wheelchair to hear her wheelchair adjusted to be parked somewhere. 
He spoke while having the rages in control “James, direct me to where I can go around here.”
Tom found James obeying without questioning him leading him a tour of the residence he finding was twin to Victoria’s residence via the looks including signs of Victoria’s things in it to his confusion. 
James was heard after walking away leaving him in the Master bedroom “You need this tour Master Thunder. And yes I was made aware of your issues involving blindness of drug withdrawal. I’m not to question why you have it. It’s the same as Missus Thunder and her medical issues. I’m not to question it. Just call me via name of James wherever you are in the residence and I’ll come to you and assist on whatever request you want regarding how silly it is.”
Tom sighed and spoke “Thanks James-“
He was interrupted “Unnecessary on the thanking Master Thunder. I’m ordered to do whatever order you and Missus Thunder order me no matter how I disagree with it or not.”
Tom sighed and found his rages going away to shake the redness from his eyesight. He found James no where in sight to frown finding the wheelchair empty of Victoria nearby him. He found a porch during his explorations of the Master bedroom having some glass windows seen that looked twin to a mediation room in his previous apartment. Tom left the porch shutting the sliding door only to hear Victoria’s footsteps walking nearer and nearer instead of indicating a wheelchair’s squeaking as he turned around. Tom spotted Victoria walking up towards him without any use of any devices for her walking to his confusion. He heard a familiar shriek of Victoria’s happiness cry then felt her body collide with his body as she jumped onto him he caught her kissing him onto his lips. He kissed back in response as he realized with shock that she was his Victoria and not a clone as he thought to his shocking feeling-

A sound of disgust interrupted Nikolai’s storytelling as Recorder still seated onto the armchair with a glare on her face eyeing Nikolai she thinking to herself “The story is of a Tom’s clone meeting a Victoria’s clone and having some mating ritual of sex from the sounds of what Nikolai is about to tell me.” 
She sighed and recalled to herself “Victoria or clone or Yana whoever plays an invalid of being wheel chaired bound when out and about in public among the natives who don’t question it. Instead the Souler Council have insisted that a clone play that part whenever she tries to get around without that thing to her face or in her presence. It’s at home is where she’s free to walk around being herself.”
Nikolai spoke in response to Recorder’s throat clearing noise “Anything else you want me to say?”
Recorder spoke using the Master in control “Just spare telling the story involving the cloned Tom and Victoria’s reunion turning into a mating ritual with people spying onto them via various devices.”
Nikolai was heard loudly like he was answering Recorder’s comment “Souler Council via Anubis and Falcons wearing recorders spied onto them both doing their mating ritual reunion. Managed to put a stop to that mating ritual involving intercourse by having Falcons appear to grab Tom via arms and yanking them apart. Embarrassed them both when Tom spilled all over the place as if sick. He wound up transported back to the Zesky Asylum referred as Kurpanov’s Sanctuary-“
Recorder gave up a throat clearing noise interrupted Nikolai’s thinking out loud thoughts which he wound up eyeing her in response.
Recorder spoke “I wasn’t told what happened to Tom after he was taken to Kurpanov’s Sanctuary from an interrupted mating ritual. Only told that he wound up serving the Souler Council as a result.”
Recorder eyed Nikolai who sighed and spoke from memory “He wound up sick in the bathroom with drugged withdrawal status and wound up implanted with various implantation devices-“
“Talk more on that and I’ll dump you into the ocean!” He was interrupted by Ramses’ blaring voice. 
Recorder groaned loudly as Nikolai spoke “Ramses.”
Recorder without a word grabbed her laptop and left the room her yelling “James!”
She heard nothing but a loud Tsk sounding loudly from within the hallway as Nikolai was seen thrust her special pillow over his head. Recorder found the Master in control to feel someone was angry about something. The anger coming and going to Recorder’s annoyance hence she yelling for James.
James spoke “Lockdown is down you may travel around.”
 James disappeared from Recorder’s sight as she left the bedroom including going to the dining room intending to go to the kitchen via double doors to pester the staff for food. 
Recorder wound up finding James appearing in front of her via Tsk sound and speaking “Kitchen is off limits to the Missus and Master and gonoids of the residence. It’s sort of sanctuary for servants to use when remaining in the residence awaiting orders to be done. Excuse me for not telling you that earlier. The Master made it clear that information you should learn is on a need to know basis once it’s appropriate.”
Recorder sighed and didn’t comment a response to the reminding by James as she went out of the dining room into the hallway. 
She spoke to the Eli “Search, Dalton.”
“He’s in the Master bedroom.” He heard via a squeaky voice sounding electronic of a machine that sounded of the High Council’s Eli, a live hooked up manoid brain in a computer machine.
Recorder sighed and ignored the voice to search for the Master bedroom finding it was the other side of the residence away from the kitchen to find the door shut. She went to the door knocking onto it harder than intended despite her angry mood again hitting her again. 
Recorder heard from Eli he assumed was the name of the computer mind “Knocking is only for servants and not for Master of the residence.”
Recorder groaned and without a word opened the door sensing a cat streaking inside with her despite there cat doors. She entered the room and shut the door behind her while sensing no one assisting on her explorations of the room. Recorder recalled herself exploring a Victoria’s clone’s residence’s Master bedroom while typing this in the dining room after kicked out of the bedroom by Dalton ordering her out. Dalton was displaying his Master ability and seemed furious to have her inside his room she noticed was in a mess of attacked by a tornado. Recorder obeyed and ignored Dalton slamming the door behind her and went to the dining room. She recalled a Victoria’s clone’s residence belonging to Yana pretending to be a wheelchaired version of Victoria. She found another covered porch area that had pillows onto the floor and appeared to be twin to a Tom’s clone’s mediation room via memory of it. She sighed once she finished exploring the bedroom and went to explore the bathroom facilities. 
She heard from clone once she opened the door she splashing in the tub from the noises “Shower stall is set for your cleaning standards. I’m just using the tub for myself to clean. So shoo Tom. Leave me alone to bathe in peace without worrying about splashing you viewing me naked. I’ll let Eli know when you can come in to explore it entirely.”
Recorder sighed and without a word left the bathroom shutting the door in response to that mistaken identity of a clone assuming her as a Tom’s clone when she’s not. Recorder during typing sighed as she shook off the rages of her angry mood and willed aside the Master. She figured it wasn’t polite to peer at the clone in the bathroom. She recalls a clone of Victoria’s went out of the bathroom once done and went into to the mediation room to kneel finding a cat had plopped itself onto a pillow via noises and giving off faint purring sounds. Recorder recalled the clone sighed and shut her eyes willing herself to recall her mediation techniques. Recorder during typing found the Master kept being in control as she felt her angry mood kept coming and going making her shake her head repeatedly along with trying to mediate via the angry feeling hitting her. The angry feeling involved banging onto the laptop computer whatever thought comes to mind. 
Recorder kept the typing till she heard “Master Montreal is required into the dining room for nourishment taking now.” 
She sigh hearing the voice of Eli speaking to speak “Location, Dalton?”
She got from Eli in response “Master Bedroom. The staff is requesting Master Montreal’s presence into the dining room for nourishment to be taken now.”
Recorder groaned and sighed and remained seated finding James in the room speaking “That nourishment includes food for the residence cat Samantha. It’s your job to feed her including controlling her around here.”
Recorder didn’t comment a response to spot a bowl holding Samantha’s name in English scrawl on it in blue color. She sighed and placed Samantha’s food bowl in front of her tray only to get James in sight putting it onto the floor. She wound up finding Samantha a black cat arriving via streak of blur and wound up finding the gonoid noisily eating it as if terribly hungry. Recorder found herself equally hungry herself via the smells of food making her stomach rumble in hunger. 

She took a break from typing to eat her food ravenously but got Dalton’s hand onto her hand when she picked up the cup holding liquid intending to gulp.
Recorder frowned as her angry mood hit again as she breathed hard to hear from Dalton “Take your time drinking that. The staff isn’t your taste testers involving liquids. Their just trained to scan it via device for poisons only and nothing involving water. So sip it before you gulp.”
She obeyed finding the drink was her familiar drink of strawberry milk from the taste and wasn’t watery to her relief. She gulped down the drink and once done surprised herself giving off a noise. 
“Excuse me.” Recorder spoke seeing Dalton giving her a familiar glare indicating rudeness.
Recorder sighed and leaned back in the chair groaning loudly while again having urges to type onto laptop hitting her. She wound up obeying to the urges to type despite Dalton heard sounding of disgust loudly.
Recorder ignored Dalton heard speaking “Still obsessed with that thing as always.” 
Recorder groaned softly and got in response “You’re required to have the staff alerted to when Samantha’s bathroom the litter box or Dumperium at set time frames as indicated by the Eli to clean it out of debris. Don’t tempt Samantha for using the rugged floor or people’s beds as her bathroom. The staff as told to me requires a schedule and doesn’t like changes to it even while I’m living in this residence.”
Groaning softly Recorder found Dalton got up only to get from her Father “I left the proper reading materials in the TV room for you to use for further questions involving Samantha’s care and training around here. I already studied the material fully but figured you could study it yourself.”
Recorder sighed and without a word went to the living room off the entrance’s portion of the residence and found Samantha inside going to a box of dirt stuff she saw her use as her bathroom giving off pee. Recorder went to sit onto couch to wrinkle her nose of the stink and waited as Samantha left the area by darting out of sight. She yelled for James and got the butler’s familiar Tsk sounding
Recorder spoke “Samantha-“ 
To get interrupted “Yes I’m made aware of that by the Eli. No need to tell me. The Eli is programmed to tell me actually.”
Recorder sighed and went to further explore the apartment to find the TV room to find the material involving Samantha’s cat care was voice recorded books via a recording device. Groaning softly Recorder forced herself to sit onto the couch listening despite her Father’s angry rages of noises of Arghs coming and going for an uncounted number of times to the book’s material interrupting the droning. 
Recorder found Eli would interrupt the listening to speak “Movement a must now Master.”
Recorder obeyed to Eli’s interruption to pace in the room till Eli spoke “Walk the hallway for exercise and avoid that ridiculous pacing.”
Recorder obeyed as she went in the residence’s hallway. She resumed going back to the TV room to resume listening to the book’s contents as her Father’s rages again came and went. 
Recorder found the book of instructions ended by the Eli speaking “Missus Montreal is wanted into the Master bedroom by Master Montreal.”
Recorder sighed and got up finding the recording shutting itself off via beep and went to the master bedroom finding Dalton seated in the bed with Barry nearby sitting alone via armchairs giving her Father a glare. She noticed the mess in the room was picked up and cleaned up to her relief but noticed the sunlight wasn’t blaring via windows holding no curtains but night sky.. 
Recorder sighed and spoke “Bedtime?”
Recorder found Dalton spoke giving her a familiar smile she recognized was reserved for daughters from seeing it on clones of Jinks Montreal “The bedroom is cleaned enough for you to explore it, according to the Eli scanning it.”
Recorder sighed and went into the bathroom to explore it fully including resisting the temptation of using the shower stall for cleaning herself fully. Recorder found her temptation too much which she got into the shower stall after yanking off her clothes. She found the shower stall had its familiar green liquid for her to use to wash herself fully. She felt much better from the shower to walk out and found her clothes with effort still sitting on the sink counter set for her father’s height. Recorder picked up the bath towels that were lying on the floor and put them onto a handle bar. She found Samantha made no effort to join her into the shower stall or sniff her instead was lying onto the floor ignoring her. She sighed once she sensed Samantha out of the room to get out of the bathroom and into the bedroom. 
Recorder again got Eli blaring “Bedtime.” 
Recorder sighed finding Dalton was still in bed appearing to be reading a book with the Japanese language on its cover ignoring her and her use of his shower. Barry was still in his armchair appearing to be asleep from the looks of him as Recorder left the bedroom ignored by both and went to her bedroom. 
Recorder groaned hearing a familiar Tsk sound she ignored and went to her bedroom she recalling the Tsk sound was spoken for “Please go to bed now so we can relax!” 
She got inside and went to type onto the laptop this scene as Nikolai was heard entering the room to lie onto air mattress appearing to be asleep. 
Recorder found Nikolai managed to speak “Lights off!”
She peered at Nikolai via darkness of night vision of purple to see him stared at the ceiling with awareness of him seeing everything including that Tennan heard growling on the ceiling. 
Nikolai remained staring at the ceiling as the Tennan was heard again by the Recorder typing this down.
She spoke “Nicky just shut your eyes. You’re annoying the bug on the ceiling who’s annoyed with you by the noises its making.”
Recorder eyed Nikolai who sighed hearing her refer the Tennan as a bug and rolled over to face his left side of the bed and kept on waiting for herself to sleep via sleeping breathing pattern. Recorder heard a click sound of a cell phone device turning on followed hearing crying softly. Recorder sighed as willed forwards the Master to sense peacefulness but sadness hitting her from her Tom. 
Recorder frown herself while feeling sadness as she heard Nikolai speaking “Oh Victoria, I love you.”
Recorder groaned as a hand was felt forced her eyes shut and she forced to abandon the laptop and sleep.

Recorder woke up by alarm clock to hear “Argh you stinking Meritanian!”
Voice sounded of Nikolai who was appearing to have changed positions during his sleeping from a lying down position to kneeling to her confusion. Recorder resumed typing onto laptop as Nikolai was heard growling like he’s got the Berserker in control.
Recorder waited as Nikolai spoke his thoughts out loud not sure if he’s aware of Recorder typing them verbatim down. Nikolai recalled a dream as if compelled within his mind. 
Recorder gave him a glare and spoke “You’re remembering something by that look on your face.” 
Nikolai remained kneeling as Recorder sat on the bed and spoke the story as if compelled.

Tom came to find someone of people on both sides of the bed appearing to use his back to hold their computer devices while they seemed to be having a whispering conversation. Tom felt himself much better from the drugged withdrawal status hitting him as he lay onto the bed on his stomach. 
Tom spoke “Can I turn around now?”
He frowned as people obeyed to remove their devices off his back which he turned around but kept into a lying position by both females he saw was Victoria and Veronica. Tom sighed and found both females resumed putting their devices onto his front and still were in a whispered conversation. He found himself unable to hear what they were discussing instead seemed lengthy with the whispering. He sighed hearing a door knocking sound found Victoria indicating her as a clone getting up to go to the door yanking it open while hearing a familiar wheelchair sound wheeling into the room making him confused. Tom found the wheelchair’s noises came nearer and nearer to his annoyance. He found himself unable to see anything while lying onto the bed to feel a hand that felt feminine gripping his hand into a gentle move while hearing a familiar voice speaking Builder’s chatter indicating of Barry in Jinks Montreal’s clone form. Tom found himself able to see to frown finding the wheelchair’s occupant was someone he shocked to see with widen eyes and gasping loudly of shock. Tom gulped seeing the wheelchair’s owner was Victoria Montreal that gave him a sad look. He gulped but didn’t comment a response as Victoria appeared to be staring at him lengthy with a narrowed eyed look like she was studying him. 
Tom gulped and spoke as if compelled “Victoria Montreal Thunder.”
He found himself annoyed with what he blurted while eyeing the female who gave him a head bob in response but didn’t speak. Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria in the wheelchair to find Barry in the room next to her. He frowned while eyeing Barry and wheelchair Victoria back and forth with a range of emotions running through him. Tom frowned further while eyeing Victoria in the wheelchair with a frown despite figuring out who she was he shocked to realize with a start.
“You’re the original Victoria Montreal.” He spoke to the wheelchair Victoria who nodded her head but remained silent. 
Tom sighed and spoke again while eyeing Barry “Barry, tell me the story of her one of those days when she’s ready for me to know of it.”
He frowned as Barry instead of speaking gestured to Victoria in response. 
Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria who spoke sounding familiar with her accented voice “The status of the wheelchair is a childhood injury involving being shot by a fellow student at a school dance when I was thirteen years old. I really wound up severing my spine affecting my legs. Alexei Zesky had me cloned out of loyalty towards Lance Richard favoring me as an offspring of his via Dalton as my Father calls himself now, donating a part of his services. I was originally a baby implanted into a female from a clone of Jinks Montreal that didn’t survive. Dalton was taken out with him still asleep and he donated his services which I wound up implanted into a clone’s female a result of a rape actually. It was just a stunt to get me to exist via this raping status done onto a female who suffered from it mentally enough to go insane.”
Tom groaned softly hearing Victoria’s words as she looked at Barry who cleared his throat loudly. Tom frowned finding Veronica and her twin paused from their whispered talk appearing to be eavesdropping onto the talk and recording it via pauses of typing. 
Tom frowned while eyeing Victoria in the wheelchair in response to hear Barry speaking “Something you want to admit, Tom?”
Tom sighed and spoke “I had a female named Thura who gave me a purpose to live for receiving acceptance. She didn’t live very long. She died of old age and I still miss her from time to time. After her death I wound up desperate for acceptance that I’ll do anything for it even serving the High Council in some desperate undivided loyalty thing. My father a Keo or Freeloader contacted me and made it clear that acceptance from the High Council wasn’t what he approved of. He wanted me to have acceptance from a female like I received from Thura. Hence I fell in love with Victoria Montreal and sought to seek acceptance from her including doing anything for her to accept me. I did what I could to keep Victoria Montreal in my life and avoiding serving the High Council as a result despite the group disapproving of me and my obsession towards her. They tried to keep us apart by sending me into Aire’s past as Shad the Assassin the first Human to serve the High Council back then. I think the High Council tried various methods to keep me away from Victoria despite I kept finding her all over the place back in Aire’s past. I found Victoria or a version of her back then and fell in love with her refusing to serve the High Council. I think I somehow fathered this Lance Richard legend via the past Victoria’s pregnancy resulted into him born and causing trouble for the High Council. Seems no matter where I go I always find Victoria Montreal and using her as an excuse to avoid serving the High Council despite the group’s attempts to thwart that obsession.”
Nikolai spoke “You going around as an invalid was a trick to get Tom to admit what his goals involving you and the High Council to whoever was listening to record his words-“
Recorder spoke sounding of the Master in control “Just to use his own words into serving the Souler Council with threats of destroying his obsession which is me. They threatened to permanently depose me if he wouldn’t serve them without undivided loyalties.”
Recorder saw Nikolai frowned as she heard in her mind in response “Just keep on telling the story now!”
She sighed hearing Tank’s blaring voice found Nikolai obeyed to speak further of it to her disgust.

Tom sighed and clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing wheelchair Victoria who gave him a small smile in response followed by gently giving his hand a pat and then without a word found Barry wheeling her out of the room. He sighed finding Victoria with the laptop resuming typing onto the thing as Veronica was sensed getting up from the bed and following the wheelchair out. He sighed while eyeing Victoria typing onto the laptop rapid fired paced with the Master in control to groan softly and kept on staring at her. 
Tom stared lengthy till Victoria halted her typing with a finger onto the keyboard and gave him a glare while speaking “Your staring is rude.”
He sighed and spoke “Since when did you figured out that you were a clone?”
He eyed Victoria who in response thrust her back to him and lifted up her long sleeve shirt he gulped seeing nothing involving a clone’s belly button onto the area on her spinal cord- 
Recorder interrupted Nikolai snarling “They figured out how to disguise that clone’s marking on the back to fool Tom into thinking she was his Victoria. It was a trick actually to make him further confirm his love towards me.”
Nikolai was heard sighed and got up from the bed intending to go into Recorder’s bathroom only to haul by Recorder giving him paralysis via feet. 
Recorder wound up angry and snarling in response “You’re not done telling that story.”
Nikolai obeyed to kneel and continued the story.

Tom gulped but frowned as Victoria shifted to face him giving him one of his favorite smiles with her eyes Human blue showing laughter in them. He didn’t realize at first that she was Laughter the clone till later. 
He sighed and spoke “What’s up with that Victoria in the wheelchair?”
Tom frowned as Victoria spoke after willing forwards the Master making him gulp further “Their testing you on your loyalty towards me, Tom. The Souler Council will do what it takes to make sure former servants of the High Council don’t resume their work once their in planet Aire living here as sanctuary. It’s not the last time they’ll pull such a test onto you, Tom. They didn’t spare me that test either when they had you contained into a tube with threats of dumping you into a Megadon’s mouth. I refused to let that happen and insisted on having you out of the tube with me as my mate and my husband.”
Recorder found herself urged to free Nikolai of the paralysis to get from him speaking in response once he finished the story “Anything else you want to know, Vicky?”
Recorder frowned while finding the shades slamming shut blocking out the light abruptly despite knowing it was Eli’s speak for “Master is down asleep remain in bedroom now.” 
Recorder didn’t have long to wait as she heard a lamp turn on from behind her to figure it was remote controlled to turn on. She without a word jabbed a finger up towards the ceiling and glaring at the area as Nikolai looked. She found a Tennan on the ceiling making a clawed hand wave of don’t look followed by disappearing into a light show. 
Recorder felt her mood bad again was heard snarling “The Souler Council has roped the Tennans left planet bound to be spies onto whomever by spying from the ceiling acting as living recorders. Mostly having their minds’ scanned by the Meritanians and information downloaded via servant of theirs to type it down into their historical records. It’s something the Souler Council is still doing towards me like the High Council did towards my clone on Terra. The Souler Council is using me to keep records of anything I hear or witness all over the place on Aire via typing onto the laptop as clones go around as me including as an invalid via memories of the outings transmitted to me to remember to type down. They want Yana to be seen as an invalid publicity around the city despite my own clones all four of them are known as Veronica Thomas Incorporation, creator of fiction stories. I’m trying to avoid the temptation of typing my own fiction stories but it’s terrible from time to time when I’m typing my memories down.”
Nikolai seen frowned but went to sit down onto the bed at the foot as Recorder added after willing aside her Master ability “Ah nothing I can do about my feelings regarding typing but just get my typing urges down whether it’s manipulation by whoever or me doing it.”
Nikolai to Recorder’s relief didn’t comment a response as Recorder without a word resumed typing onto the laptop rapid fired paced with her mouth into a thin line as confessed by Nikolai when asked. Nikolai was heard groaning as Recorder recalled a memory of Tom seeing Victoria was typing a story from her mouth in a thin line indicating it while not having the Master in control. Nikolai again heard groaned and laid his form down onto the bed feeling Samantha plopped herself onto his front like she jumped from somewhere else. Recorder willed forwards the Master to stiffen feeling her emotional connection to Tom indicating he was in the room nearby hidden as the source of the lamp turning on. Recorder frowned but didn’t comment a response to Tom’s hidden presence instead saw Nikolai lay onto the bed and saw the blanket move as if hidden Tom was putting the blanket over his form ignoring the cat sitting on his front. Recorder sighed and didn’t comment a response feeling sadness hitting her from Tom as Nikolai remained lying onto the bed ignoring the blanket put onto his form. Recorder frowned finding Samantha didn’t seemed concerned by Tom’s presence instead gave up rumbling purring vibrations and appeared to conk out while sitting on Nikolai’s front. Recorder sighed and eyed Nikolai till she felt a hand touching her forehead in a gentle move of caring. She sensed the hand was gloved from the feel and seemed masculine to indicate it belonged to Tom. 
Nikolai heard spoke “I love you, Tom, like I love Victoria.”
Recorder heard a sound of a loud sigh sounding of Tom to her followed by hearing “Goodnight, Nikolai.”
Recorder heard the whisper followed by the gloved hand removed itself and then found the lamp clicking off plunging the room into night vision. Recorder looked and found Nikolai appeared to lie awake lengthy staring at the ceiling annoying the Tennan sounding again till he yawned making Recorder yawn to felt sleepiness indicating a manipulation of a Meritanian. 
Recorder heard “Nighty night, Victoria, dear” she heard from Merra sounding in her mind cutting off her typing via armchair. 
She felt a compulsion to set aside laptop and sleep leaning onto the armchair. Recorder types this down before she shut her eyes and allowed herself to sleep. Recorder hopes her sleep this time will be freed of the memories of her clones’ memories to sleep peacefully in the night.  

The End?
