I am Huntsman
Terra Diaries
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Editor's note: Language and sentences is as Huntsman Shoots Deer typed on orders of the editor Veronica Thomas of Scotland Publishing Inc. 

Survivor of the disaster as dubbed, despite not told what it was. Huntsman Shoots Deer as he prefers to be dubbed, told by the creepy male given the thing, creep call it a laptop and how to use it.
Just told by the creep "Just type using your fingers on your hands to type words."
Huntsman wound up typing down this talk out of frustration of not getting any answers from creepy male.
That despite creepy male kept insisting to him "Just type!" 
Huntsman wound up typing in response to that creepy male's order.

Huntsman targeted a cloud colored buck deer with sun colored antlers in a forest with his arrow. He wound up nearly killing the animal despite his senses blaring warning on not to do that he ignores. 
Huntsman thinking "The deer will make a good trophy for impressing the land's ruler and King named Walks Silent. It's in hopes of gaining his favor in having his daughter still unknown on her name to this day in marriage. The King has proclaimed thorough his kingdom from messengers in villages towards people. It's for males to impress him in gaining his daughter's hand in marriage. Also later taking the King's title once he is too old to carry it or passed away." 
Huntsman went to the buck after taking it down by arrow finding it lying on its side still alive that looks at him with some odd blue eyed look of a manoid to him. His senses again giving him warning he ignores as he takes out his knife and slashes the buck's neck killing it. He saw to his shock that the buck's form shifts into King Walks Silent that is dead after an examination. He after checking found that the King is real and not an illusion, felt upset about his stupidity about ignoring his instincts warning him to not to harm the buck. He slung the King over his shoulder and carried him through the forest. He carried him to the castle to find two male bucks at the entrance that shift forms into twin males that take the King from him in a hurry and out of sight. Two more bucks arrive and keep him from entering the castle by edging their antlers aimed at him. 
Huntsman thinks "I should have listened to the rumors in the village near the castle I traveled through. I hearing the King's proclamation through overheard talk. That including dismissing overheard talk about the castle natives and its King having some ability to shift into some kind of animal and back. The animal is marked in some way for hunters to avoid targeting them. I stupidity didn't realize was the truth and not a tall tale."
Huntsman didn't comment as a woman looking too old to be the King's daughter he assumes is the Queen. Despite still unnamed to the people in the villages to this day and to him arrived.
The Queen he assumed was her spoke "You're a greedy bastard who didn't care of animal life and their sacredness enough to target one to death. You'll pay for your crime is by becoming an animal of the earth. Mostly during the certain times of the day and manoid during the night, you'll discover when the time arrives for yourself. You suffering from eating manoids' heart organs as nourishment to survive while in that form traveling underground. The curse will be lifted once a female has kissed your animal form near the mouth area but not on the mouth. You'll be back to your manoid form to live the remainder of your life's span as a manoid. As for your animal form it'll keep you living forever till a chosen female breaks the curse." 
Huntsman wondered to himself "Who's the lady is? I figured she's not really the Queen." 
He cuts off his thought as the bucks with antlers aimed at him got him off the drawbridge into the forest. They seen bound away back to the castle entrance he seeing them resume their guardian posts. 
He figured "The female was just insulting me for the death of King Walks Silent at my hand. There's no curse at all." 
He resumed walking in the forest to find his horse tethered to a tree where he left her that act wildly freaked out each time he neared her. 
Huntsman thought "I find the behavior odd for her to do towards me. Despite the mare never doing it before." 
He managed to free her from the tree by rope and attempted to calm her down but she refused to stop being scared. The mare in response yanked the rope out of his hand and ran away from him, him giving chase till she out ran him and got out of sight. He tracked her hoof tracks. Huntsman found that she's going to the castle from the direction of the prints. He went to stand in the bushes near the drawbridge glimpsing the entrance to find the bucks have changed into manoids that are calming the horse down. Several males removing his stuff off her till she's freed of everything carrying on her back. The horse reins to shift form into a female manoid wearing similar clothes as the woman who said her insulting words. He is shocked to see that has face of Walks Silent glimpsed. 
He realized "She's the King's daughter!"
Men embrace her in hugs and then escort her inside the castle as two bucks resume their guarding positions. 
He felt frustration "I'm being tricked by the King not mentioning that his daughter could change into an animal and back. I had her all the time despite rescuing her as a horse from some muddy trap she unable to get out. I using ropes to pull her out. She acting tame towards me enough to use her as my ride. Mostly all over the land including traveling through villages. She never revealing her manoid form to me any time we were alone in the forest. The mare always acting like a loyal horse towards me by sticking near me whenever I hunts in the forest alone for food. Hence I tying her up to a tree for hunting. I thinking that she was purposely scaring off animals from being shot by arrow. Her always giving off noises each time I had a clear shot which caused the animal to detect me and take off. Leaving me frustrated on having that happen every time." 
Huntsman walked away further thinking "I'm feeling myself annoyed for taken as a fool by the Princess being my horse. She not revealing herself to me in her manoid form. Despite I talking to her in horse form from time to time when alone at night with her. Mostly on wanting to get the Princess's hand in marriage. What I'll do to impress the King as finding some special animal to kill and give to the King as a trophy for impressing him." 
He spoke sounding annoyed "The Princess could have revealed her form. She talked me out of doing the hunting. Saying that she wasn't impressed with my idea of getting an animal trophy for her Father." 
He felt frustration about that walked to the village after a lengthy walk to find the sun is high in the sky. 
Huntsman felt hunger hitting him figured "I'll hunt for food instead of asking a bar to give me food. My money was on the horse that the castle natives have in their possession." 
Huntsman went hunting for food despite having his weapons of knife, sword and bow and arrows with him on his form. The hunger gets too much for him along with an odd chest pain puts bow and arrow away on his back. 
Huntsman figured "I'll look for food via plants due to glimpsing something edible." 
He proceeded to do till he feels unbearable pain hitting him all over collapsed onto the ground and hears ripping sounds. He not sure where it's coming from despite still wearing his clothes and boots on his form which pain stopped. He not realized his form change he felt himself compelled to bury himself into the ground. Did it head first instead of using his hands to dig a hole. Huntsman found himself traveling underground like gliding through it easily to his shock. Including on knowing where he's going by instincts of hunger hitting him. 
He stiffened to realize "The woman who spoke her insulting words wasn't really saying insults towards me. Instead was saying some magic curse of me changing into an animal of earth. Hence I easily entering the earth head first and traveling through it easily like such an animal capable of doing it." 
Huntsman felt himself really hungry and the hunger over took his shock. The instinct took control. He traveled underground to detect a manoid sleeping on the ground back on a tree and appearing to be alone with no other manoids nearby. He charged to and burst out from underground mouth open to put on the manoid. He sees is a young male that woke up screaming as his mouth landed on the male's chest. He felt a sucking and biting motion including smelling blood appearing to come from the male. That makes him suck and bite harder as the man gave up his resistance by becoming still. He continued to burrow his mouth into the male's front breaking through the skin and bone while finding his heart organ. Swallows the heart organ whole to felt his hunger still there and that he felt ravenous enough to want to eat some more. Huntsman continued to travel underground while seeking out multiple manoids above ground. Sometimes walking or sometimes standing or sleeping he targeted to eat their heart organs. He finding his hungry instincts too much for him to avoid targeting females, not caring that they were with people or alone whenever he targeted them for feeding. He not caring that the people that were escorting his victims managed to take off running away. He sometimes targeting them once done targeting their companion or finding that there's too many people to target running away. He kept on doing that hungry instinct feeding till the sun is completely down indicating sunset. It's nearly nightfall down the horizon and when its dark out with the moonlight shining brightly is when his hunger stopped. He found himself compelled to stop his attacks and compelled to get above ground. He obeyed finding no one around in sight while underneath trees. Despite a familiar feeling hitting him he can't remember what it is as again pain hits him. He found himself shifting back into a manoid form by hands coming into his eyesight. Huntsman feeling himself manoid again to felt like he's tired and exhausted curls into a ball. He shuts his eyes to float above his body to see a young child come down from a tree looking boyish judging by the clothes. The young child seen stands staring at him seemingly lengthy he not waking to stare back. He found the child took off running. He found himself back into his body forgetting the out of body encounter with the child seeing him. Huntsman passed out unconscious to come to finding its daylight of the sunrise. 
He felt confused "Why my lips have blood on them?" 
He wipes away with his sleeves of his tunic and got up to recalled the woman's curse words.
He wound up to think with frustration hitting him "I'll forever be a monster animal targeting people for feeding. No female would ever kiss me enough to break the curse." 
He figured "I'll get myself away from the village. I realizing that I wasn't favoring anyone in my feeding attacks. I picked both males, females, the old and the young including some were barely grown. The people able to get children to safety off ground, anywhere including onto horses, and getting into trees. I unable to target while in the process of targeting a victim for feeding. I'll live some place isolated where few manoids traveled just to avoid on targeting them for feeding when I'm in my animal form." 
He forced himself to travel on foot away from the villages heading towards the sea from the smell of it.
He added to himself "I'll get a boat to an island and live onto there alone just to avoid killing people. I do hope my plan doesn't get thwarted."
Huntsman's fear comes true as he neared a seaport village and again changed into an animal. He found himself hungry again traveled away underground from the seaport village in a fast move while underground. 
Some fear hitting him "I can't figure out what's making me afraid." 
He traveled underground lengthy for periods. He again detected manoids above ground and targeted them for feeding due to hunger instincts taking control. His feeding lasted for the rest of the day till the sun is gone is when he's back in his manoid form underneath a tree in a forest. He finds a dead male having a gaping hole in his chest near him he finding the male's heart organ is gone after a quick examination. He looked to find the area is scattered of multiple males lying on the ground all having holes in their chests. 
Huntsman saw from the looks of the males' clothes to think "They appeared to be some rumored outlaw band of thieves. The band was targeting people of their riches including capturing females. The females always wound up expecting after some time period of being freed. The females claim that they were knocked unconscious after their capture once their pregnancies become known by their own people. The child if a boy is taken away once he's like old enough to walk by the same male group that kidnapped them in the first place." 
He frowned recalling "The same group of males ignoring the females having girls. Seemed that they were just kidnapping females to pass down their beliefs onto male children they spy onto the females for lengthy time periods. Females complaining of being spied on for awhile till their child is at a proper age for walking."
He recalled "The walking stage is when the females started getting courted by a male of the group not wearing the outlaw band clothes or mask. The females are not realizing that the male is part of the group actually. The male takes the boy child away after knocking out the female unconscious despite ignoring girl children."
Huntsman found his lips are bloody again as he sees a large campfire nearby. He felt himself cold goes to the campfire to warm himself while wiping away the blood on his sleeves and again gets the familiar feeling. He can't figure out what it is as he feels himself exhausted lies down on the ground near the campfire. He fell asleep to get into an astral projection form to witness a female wearing servant wretch clothes on her form climbed down from a tree near him. She seen going to him to appear to give him a through scrutiny look while kneeling next to him. She appearing to not want to wake him up. He saw a look of disgust on her face as she examined him via her eyes before running away out of sight further into the forest. Huntsman went back into his body and forgot the encounter with the female to continue on sleeping. He felt cold again wakes up to find that the fire has died while feeling himself wet from rain falling hard with daylight shining making him nervous unexpectedly. 
He thinking "I'm not sure why I'm scared of that rainstorm. Despite already been in them from time to time over the years I've lived as a manoid. I finding that the rainstorm seems to last too long."
He felt himself too cold to sit waiting it out got up and walks through the rainstorm to sit underneath a tree finding that its branches kept most of the rainwater from falling onto him. He sits shivering lengthy while getting up to move walking back and forth just to keep himself warm till its nightfall is when the rain stops abruptly. He went back to dead men to search through their possessions for anything that can start a fire. Huntsman found nothing to indicate that. 
He thinks to himself "I'll have to use my hunting and forest skills for doing the fire starting."
Huntsman proceeded to do finding himself able to start a fire and warmed himself up with it.
He stiffened to realize "The rainstorm kept away my animal side from coming out. Along with remembering some fearful feeling towards a seaport village that got me to travel away from it fast." 
He realized "Water of rain can keep my animal side from coming out. I figured that it'll always comes out once the sun is high in the sky along with stopping once the sun stops shining for the day." 
Huntsman felt his face with a mustache and a beard and long dirty sun colored hair pulled back in a partial tail with his hands and felt like their too exposed to his tastes. He hunted among the dead men to find a mask with a head cover included that appeared to only bare his eyes. He put on covering his head along with tucking in his blond hair peeking out, underneath his top. He felt much better wearing the clothing eyed the dead men all around him to felt like he should get their bodies buried. He spent most of the night burying them into the ground including erasing traces of the burials. Along with their items scattered around the campground buried into the ground and once done puts out the campfire. It's due to seeing that it'll be daylight soon judging by the sky showing lights winking out along with sunrise's like colors. He erased traces of the campfire and felt compelled to walk away from the campground's site. Huntsman obeyed to do seemingly walking lengthy into the forest. He found himself going to the nearest village instead of to the seaport village by instincts controlling him to walk to there. Once the sun is nearly at its highest point he kept himself hidden in the forest of bushes watching farmers attending to their fields due to not inclined to show himself to them. He felt himself compelled to bury into the ground finding this time no pain hitting him. Huntsman obeyed along with hungry instincts hitting him again, again targeted manoids for feeding in the village. Huntsman finding some managed to escape by getting off ground onto objects. He's not aware of what they are and resisting his attempts to get at them for feeding. By attacking him with objects in their hands some felt to be sword weapons from the feel of them hitting him despite no pains arriving from their hitting. He found some success of getting the manoid off their object to feed on. Despite other manoids sensed gathered nearby some brave enough to go near him and whack him with objects as he fed off a victim. They wound up targeted in response he finding some success in getting them as his victim for feeding. He found the feeding frenzy lasted till once its sunset. He darted away from the manoids and their village underground to the forest. It's due to instincts controlling him to do it by some fearful feeling hitting him unexpectedly that made him take off into the forest. Once it's dark he came out from underground while in a cluster of bushes. Huntsman found himself manoid again feeling exhausted along with sore all over like he's bruised from the manoids' weapons hitting him. He felt too tired to do anything shut his eyes and slept in the bushes passed out unconscious. He wound up to astral projected himself floating in a forest clearing where he recognized that he buried the men. Huntsman looking to see manoids holding torches of fire gathered in the area looking around. The men he saw are appearing to be acting nasty towards a female looking upset and annoyed. He seeing that she's familiar but can't place her. One of the males goes up to her and gets her onto the ground and rapes her. She seen resisting to the rape with weak pathetic efforts to stop it from happening along with others around not doing a thing to stop it. He saw the male stopped and got up shaking his head speaking something he didn't know what was said due to not able to hear the male's words. Despite astral projecting to see the others look disgusted while aimed at the female. Huntsman saw one male make a sign for crazy aimed at his head and jabs the finger aimed at the female who noticed it. She appeared to give out some yelling comment he not hearing her words as men haul her up and haul her away out of the clearing out of sight. He found himself back into his body again forgetting the astral projection's contents. Huntsman sleeps till rain wakes him up with the daylight dimly shining. He got up and traveled through the forest via foot. 
He figured "I'll go to the seaport village. Get a boat to an island. Stay there."
He wound up to feel fear hitting him from the idea. He walked away finding himself staying near a village while hidden in the forest bordering it by instincts compelling him to do it. He found himself unable to walk into the village. He found some fearful feeling hitting him every time he tried to walk out of the forest towards the village. Huntsman remained hidden in the forest as the rain stopped showing the familiar sun shining high overhead. Huntsman finding himself itching to feed again and himself back in his animal form. He fed off the people in the village he easily targeted despite some escaping him by getting onto objects. He finding himself having to get above ground to get to them sometimes having success of easily knocking them off for feeding or heavy resistance that makes him go target someone else. He kept on doing the feeding targeting all day by instincts controlling him to target people. He finding himself compelled to target them despite others nearby easily for him to feed till sunset. He felt fear hitting him unexpectedly went to the forest to get into a cluster of bushes and stayed there once it's dark. Huntsman wound up to find himself compelled to go above ground which he obeyed to sleep passing out unconscious. He came to, to hear a howling sound of a dog waking him up. He saw it was daylight of sunrise shining to find some dog that gives him an odd feeling. Its form reminds him of a wolf despite looking like a dog standing on his front that snaps its jaws near his hands as he tried to remove it off him. He saw men wearing masks arrive in sight with weapons that take his weapons away from him. They seem to ignore his mask on his face and show no interests in removing it.
Them heard giving off some laughing comment "No weapons will put his outlaw status out of commission on a permanent basis." 
He saw them walk away finding the dog refused to budge from its position on standing on him despite commanded to do it. The dog to his annoyance balked by it giving off some loud growling noise and snapping its jaws near his masked face and ignoring commands to get off of him. He saw one of the men pull out a rope and wrap it around the dog's neck and drag it away via rope hold despite it still growling as ever. Huntsman saw them walk out of sight. He finding himself still too tired to bother to follow to gain his weapons back. Huntsman resumes sleeping to find himself back into his animal form. He again targeted manoids by instincts controlling him to do it and who to target. He not paying attention to who they are till its sunset is when he hides in the forest again. Huntsman resumes his manoid position while hiding in a set of bushes as its dark and continues to sleep till daylight. He found himself trapped unknowingly of the time. Huntsman staying near a village hiding in the forests to target the manoids during the daylight hours of highest sun position to sunset for feeding. It wound up happening before darting into the forests before dark to hide due to fear feelings hitting him each time. He as always compelled to stay in the forests in his manoid form regardless of the time of day or night it is. He found it including doing it whenever it's raining during the day whenever it cancels his animal form. Each time he always keeping himself hidden from manoids while in a manoid form despite instincts controlling him to do it. Huntsman kept that up unknowingly of the time frame despite manoids' numbers in the village getting fewer and fewer. Him always attacking them for feeding regardless of who they are or even if their on horses or objects to avoid standing on the ground. The manoids' fighting attempts to avoid being fed on while giving up heavy weapons resistance every time. He finding himself having no trouble getting the victim to feed on despite other manoids detected whacking at his animal form with weapons. They detected onto horses or objects as he fed off victims his body not suffering any pains from the hitting used onto him. He kept up the attacks for an uncounted number of days always encountering manoids giving off heavy weapon resistance to him attacking them. Their numbers are always not much. Some of the manoids managed to escape via horseback before he could target them. Huntsman always stopped his attacks at sunset to hide in the forest in his manoid form. Huntsman sleeping all evening till daylight of sunrise is when he'll wake up. Huntsman will always remain hidden in the forest always moving around if manoids get nearby his hiding place. Manoids seen seem nosy enough to want to search the forest thoroughly. He would hide himself all over the forest till the sun is highest in the sky is when he would resume his animal form and attack them for feeding. Despite some getting away from him via horseback he following underground if they go into the village for him to feed off of due to hunger instincts controlling him to follow. He half have success of attacking them and feeding despite them in the village. Some managed to escape via horseback and out of the village till sunset is when he'll resume hiding in the forests. Huntsman at dark goes to sleep mostly astral projecting various scenarios in the forest of manoids traveling in there via horseback and foot while carrying torches. He has always woken up astral projection images forgotten. Them detected near him to get out of his hiding place to go hide further into the forest to hide some more and always keeping himself out of sight and out of the manoids' search attempts. Huntsman has always repeatedly falling asleep in a new hiding place and waking up again whenever their near him. Huntsman found this happens over and over during the nighttime hours well into the daylight hours of morning. The searching stopped once the sun is right shining overhead at its highest point is when the searchers stop looking. He turned into his animal form and targeted the manoids for feeding. He finding this scenario kept on going over and over despite breaks of it during the day and evening hours. Along with breaks of feeding off manoids during the times he's an animal due to instincts compelling him to bury himself underground. Huntsman's instincts controlling him to remain still and hidden in the earth instead of targeting manoids detected nearby above ground from time to time. That despite days of him attacking them for feeding he finding himself not always doing the attacks while as an animal. Huntsman instead remained buried in the ground hiding due to fearful feelings hitting him. He always at nightfall comes out of the ground in his manoid form to sleep. He sometimes waking up to move if there's searchers in the forest seeking him. Huntsman found this cycle keeps on going over and over with no breaks. He stopped thinking like a manoid to start thinking like an animal. He forgets why he's has two forms one of manoid and animal along with forgetting of why he wound up with both forms in the first place. 
He began to think "I was originally animal that wound up with a manoid form. Included with my animal form for targeting manoids. So manoids could target me in my manoid form in response to me attacking them for feeding."
Huntsman found himself not understanding a word spoken from the manoids. He overhears being near him in his hiding place as a manoid while their searching the forest. He always keeping himself moving and out of sight during the times he's manoid. He kept up the moving till when he's animal is when he would either hide underground for time or attack them for feeding. He quitted once its dark to become manoid again still hiding as always despite some times there being searchers. Huntsman at sunrise came upon a net trap due to not sure what it is. He gets caught into it that raises him above ground leaving him struggling in the trap finding his efforts to free himself meeting failure. He wound up to gnawing on the ropes with his teeth forgetting that he's wearing a mask that is blocking his mouth's efforts. He saw manoids come into view after a lengthy struggle once it's fully sun shining but the sun's not in its position for him to animal change. The manoids heard commenting wording he not understanding what their saying due to forgetting the manoids' spoken language. Huntsman got freed from the trap and restrained by the manoids having hands on his arms. He struggling to free himself their hands on his arms ironclad. Some of the manoids are felt poking him with objects that bring pain and gives off a familiar smell of blood each time he moved. Despite them still appearing to comment wording he not getting it that their telling him to stop moving. His mask got yanked off his face he finding himself not feeling pain from it. They comment further wording appearing to be aimed at him. He wound up having no clue on what their talking about or want while appearing to aim their talk at him. Huntsman wound up not recognizing the words or that their talking to him in an attempt to get him to talk seemingly lengthy. He glimpsed the sun reached its highest position to find himself changing into his animal form. He found himself freed from the manoids' grips to attack them for feeding. Huntsman feeling compelled to do it as several of the manoids escape via horseback. He targeting the ones that are standing on the ground and their horses have taken off for them to get onto for safety. He finding success in feeding off them while sensing some of the manoids on horses are nearby with a familiar feeling hitting him again. He not sure what it is till all the grounded manoids are fed off is when he resumes going underground to sit hiding. The manoids on horses have taken off and their not going into the direction of the village like he always chases them to feed if they go in that direction. He resumed hiding in the ground till dark is when he was back into his manoid form to get out of underneath the ground and sleep above ground. Huntsman is always awake and moving if manoids are detected nearby searching for him. He assumes is what their doing to him he always keeping himself hidden due to some fearful feeling of manoids taking control. He forgetting that it's his animal instincts doing that instead of being like a manoid. He stopped thinking like a manoid and continued to act animalistic. Huntsman wounds up forgetting what he should be doing to stop his animal form despite some instincts blaring from time to time whenever he views manoids while in his manoid form. He not sure what those instincts like feelings are telling him. He decided to ignore them and resume being animalistic he kept it up lengthy. He got caught into another net trap due to stupidity not recognizing the area set for one. Huntsman not remembering that he was caught in one before as he found the trap refused to break from his teeth's gnawing onto it. He saw manoids come into view speaking comments in some tone that makes him feel a feeling he thought it's related to capturing him in some victory tone. Huntsman finds himself changing into his animal form and manages to break the netting to hit the ground. He has failed attempts to target manoids on horseback who thrust some kind of weapon aimed at him that gives off loud noises. The objects wound up along with feeling something small hitting him hard that bounces off that makes him jerk away from them in pain. From the objects' repeated use onto him including an object felt burying itself into his form. He got fed up with the pain went underground to hide and stayed there seemingly lengthy till nightfall. He came out in his manoid form feeling himself in terrible pain in his back along with sensing bleeding from the area from the smell of blood sensed. Huntsman can't do a thing to stop the bleeding that made him weak enough to lie down on the ground and fall asleep. He wound up detecting manoids nearby he finding himself too tired to get up and move. He hears a familiar sound he doesn't know what it is along with pressure on his front that feels familiar as he passed out unconscious. 

Huntsman came to feeling himself lying on some soft object that felt familiar. He didn't know what it is as he woke up to find manoids in the vicinity of some place that doesn't look like a forest to him. The place is surrounding all over that are commenting wording towards each other he doesn't know what their saying. He felt himself urged to change into an animal take control to hear yelling from the manoids. He attacked them while in his animal form to feed off finding himself having some success in feeding off. He found others escape banging something in its place that appears to be seeing through while eyeing him. They wound up locking the banging object with some rattling object he not sure what it is. He felt himself further hungry finds the banging see through object has poles he assumed is what they are. The poles have openings too small for him to squeeze himself through in an attempt to attack the manoids behind the area. The manoids seen don't back off from him banging onto the poles and trying to break them with no success. They don't seem to have fear from them seeing him having no success into squeezing between the poles. He also finding the dirt ground no where in sight for him to hide due to some fearful feeling hitting him abruptly. Huntsman kept on banging on the poles and objects he assumes are walls. He found an opening in the wall that have thinner poles letting in fresh air. He continued to bang on along with grabbing with his mouth in an attempt to pull off due to suddenly coming upon that idea. He wound up only got hit by the manoids' familiar weapons each time he tried to hit the opening till the pain got too much for him. He rolled into a ball form and remained onto the ground feeling it blocking his way of getting into the earth and feeling too strong for him to break. Huntsman remained in his animal form to notice that various manoids are watching him from time to time as nightfall arrived. He noticing manoids watching him changes into his manoid form to feel himself cold all over. He wound up with the familiar feeling of his skin removed not giving him warmth. Huntsman curled into a ball in an attempt to get warmth shivers violently. He heard loud voices from the manoids sounding odd to him back and forth in different tones including one tone that makes him want to look up and stare at the manoids. He does that to the compulsion finding there's a manoid with a different shape from the others on the front. The shape makes him lick his lips and noticed this manoid is wearing odd clothing that is different from other manoids he normally have seen from manoids. Huntsman noticed different styles used as the odd chest manoid and another manoid continued their wording back and forth. He hearing them seemingly in some tone that makes him confused on what it is. Its tone seemingly familiar to him and makes him grimace fully on his face before resuming on staring at the odd chest manoid as if compelled to do it. Huntsman wound up forgetting that he's cold and ignoring his body shiver's movements. He stared at them lengthy he not even sure of what their talking about. Huntsman felt sleepy laid his form down on the hard ground and shuts his eyes ignoring everything all around him. Huntsman wound up having images of the odd chest manoid fully in his mind. He wound up dreaming of doing things to the manoid that confused him that involved his manoid body's functions. Daylight is detected shining through the opening in the wall blaring waking him up. He got up and went to the opening despite seeing a manoid watching him to bring his teeth onto it biting it with fury. Huntsman finding its hardness still remain intact and it's refusing to break. He forgets that he has hands of a manoid and doesn't seem to use them for pulling onto the window opening. His animal form took control is when he resumed his mouthing job only to get hit by the manoids' familiar weapons again that bring him pain. Makes him stop doing the mouthing enough to curl into a ball and keep form still while detecting manoids still watching him from behind the poles seemingly lengthy manoids exchanging. He found this staring continues for an uncounted number of suns while changing back to manoid and animal forms back and forth. His hunger took control while in an animal form to ignore the manoids' weapons' pain to pull the poles off the opening. Huntsman thrust himself through it while hearing manoids' yelling wording behind him. He went through it entirely to find dirt ground oddly different from the ground he's used to goes underneath there. He found traveling through no problem for him. He felt instincts controlling him to go into a direction overtaking his hungry feeling. He traveled through the ground seemingly lengthy to come upon a small group of manoids underground to his shock. He felt himself hungry feeds off them each despite them trying to escape him. Them not finding success of getting out from being underground he finding himself successful into catching them to feed off of. Then once done resumes traveling underground seemingly lengthy by instincts controlling him. His instincts urging him to go into a direction till he is compelled to reach the surface. It's when he got out of the ground to find himself in a forest that gives him feelings of safeness hitting him as night fell. He resumed his manoid form finding himself shivering cold as a rainstorm hits. Huntsman couldn't get any relief from the rainy weather that also lit up the sky over and over. He passed out unconscious to come to feeling its daylight. He's no longer cold but feels that he can stay above ground for awhile due to how wet the ground is feeling. Huntsman heard a familiar noise of a voice tone that seems familiar like he heard it before. He felt drawn to it to got up walking towards the voice's calling tones to come upon a horse and a manoid sitting on it with the odd chest. The manoid looks familiar like he's seen before but doesn't recall who this manoid is. He stares to see the manoid get off the horse going to him to press form into his front he finding himself liking it from the feeling of the odd chest pressing into his chest. He felt himself changing into an animal again to hear yelling from multiple manoids sounding panicky to him. Huntsman wound up to feel the odd chest manoid keeping a grip around him along with touching him near the mouth area. The manoid still continue its hold onto him as he feels himself not inclined to feed off despite in his animal form. He feels pain hitting him along with a sound that seems familiar and then found himself back into his manoid form. Huntsman screamed of pain as images flood his mind of being a manoid that take control. The images included why he had two forms of manoid and animal in the first place. He found himself stopping on screaming to feel the manoid with the odd chest he figured is a female still holding him. He finding himself liking her arms' hold around him and heard talk all around him. He finding himself understanding a word despite wording sounding different this time.
Their talk talking "Whoa I'm being shocked that a kiss from a female in his animalistic form would stop a manoid have some kind of animalistic form. I'm not even sure why he was like that in the first place. It rumored that some huntsman back then killed a cursed by a magician King. The King's sister some sorceress put a curse onto the male for ending her brother's life. It's probably that male who is being held in Anastasia's arms being the one as rumored."
Huntsman didn't comment a response instead kept himself silent as one of manoids appearing to be a male started talking towards him "Who are you anyway? You remember anything on you past life?"
He blurts to his shock in the exact language "I was referred as Huntsman back then during the time of a King named Walks Silent ruler of the land. The King had some kind of ability to change into some antlered deer in color cloud shared with his people. I didn't know of it when I targeted that animal killing it. The targeting was just to impress the King for his daughter's hand in marriage. His daughter had an ability to change into a horse I saved from a muddy trap. She remained my horse till the King's death is when the deception was found out. By seeing that happen soon after some female I didn't know who she was cursed me of being some animal involving the earth. It involved feeding off manoids' heart organs in their chests as my nourishment. I living forever like that with two forms outliving normal manoids' life spans. A kiss from a female on an area near my mouth in my animal form would stop that curse on a permanent basis for me to live a normal life span-" 
He got interrupted by the female Anastasia he assuming is her name speaking "Not quite right on the curse." 
He frowned eyeing her in response as he is forced to stand and she letting go of him to speak "Manoids who have similar curses of having an animal form along with their manoid form are finding their animal form doesn't completely go away after a certain time period has passed for animal form to stop being permanent." 
Huntsman frowned finding she's telling the truth by the sincere voice tone.
She added "Manoids who have been cursed with an animal forms have to break the curse within one manoid year's time frame. It's was found out during my grandmother's time by grandfather cursed with an animal form. He broke within a year's time frame and didn't become permanent despite it happening to other manoids. Curse breaking done onto them too long after the curse has taken control. Turns out to give them the ability to think normally like a manoid while their in their animal forms. After a lengthy period of thinking like an animal and letting animal forms' duties take control. With an ability to control the animal form on whenever it'll be right to come out or not."
He listened as she added "The ability for him to turn into his animal form is still there. But he can control the ability along with keeping his manoid behavior thinking while in that animal form in control." 
Huntsman felt dejected hearing that as males toss him some clothes and shoes. He finds Anastasia helping him put them on finding their not twin to the males' clothes and gets led to a horse. 
He told "Get on it behind me." 
He obeyed and found her riding it into the familiar forest in the direction he recognized as the village. Huntsman doesn't feel fearful as the female shown him what's left of the village looking like its in ruins of some burning fires judging by it looking like it was burned. 
He got told by her "Your animal form sighting caused some survivors of the attacks to burn the entire village. You seemed to concentrate onto manoids living in the area. Hence the burning just to keep manoids out from living there as targets for your feeding. Along with forest lands forbidden for travelers to travel in due to them being attacked. A group of men with projectile weapons got brave enough to enter the forest trying to find you in your human form. Enough to capture you and bring you to another town locking you up. Seeing on what they could do to break your animalistic behavior. Judging by your face displaying the familiar expression of such behavior among manoids having the animal side taking control and forgetting that their actually originally manoid in the first place." 
Huntsman frowned but kept a hold onto Anastasia as she rode the horse passed the village he noticing an area spewing of water like some geyser in the middle of the village.
He heard from Anastasia "Water source was said to scare off the animal attacking them. It would spray up and halt the attacks at certain time periods in the day mostly at sunset. The attacks would stop and the animal not seen again till the next day after the sun is highest in the sky at noon." 
He frowned hearing the term noon figured "I'll ask her about it later."
She took him through the forest to the town he finding it a good horseback route away and found the town different from the village. He saw her get off the horse and got ordered to get off. He obeyed to follow her to a building after she tied up the horse's reins to a log fence. He found at the entrance to a building he assumes its called is two men block her way.
The men saying comment "No ladies allowed unless their willing to whore themselves for a contract time period, period."
 Huntsman found the word whore odd as Anastasia jabbed a thumb aimed at him while speaking "He's cursed status as being animalistic was stopped but he's still has the animal state. Might need a female for personal uses due to hearing that males in similar situations wound up needing a female period."
Huntsman frowned as the males question Anastasia heavily on his cursed status including breaking it and what animal he was and what he was known to do while being an animal. He hearing everything spoken from her he finding she telling the truth including telling the truth of targeting manoids with eating their heart organs in their chests. 
Huntsman hearing "He didn't play favors on who he targeted but has been lately targeting males for awhile. He has been ignoring females and their attempts to hunt him down by not making any sightings whenever there were more females than males in a group. I can back up my words with the Chief Jeffers who used various brave people for hunting him over and over. Only males were targeted by him in his animalistic form. The Chief Jeffers even had an all female group do the hunting. They came back unscathed and reporting not seeing him around in sight."
Huntsman frowned inwardly as the males order him to go inside and heard from Anastasia "Your on your own from now on just to figure out what to do in this world at the moment." 
As she walked away. He got pushed and pulled inside by the two males at the doorway to find a large room holding various males drinking see through cups all holding brown watery like substance at tables and chairs scattered around the room. The males dressed like he is but in different colors and body shapes. Huntsman found himself confused while looking around. He spotted a female walking up to him with a dress on her form that bared her legs up to her thighs and arms up to upper arms and is tight on her form including nearly baring her chest in some revealing way. It made him gulp seeing that as she looks him all over including giving him a sniff on his shoulder once reaching him.
She speaking "Hmm being an earthworm from the smell of him. I know just the perfect girl for him to get rid of some manly urges." 
He finding himself not protesting to that as the female took his arm by a hand and led him through the room. He seeing a half wall with people seated at it in chairs on poles including a male behind the half wall up to his waist only seeing his upper body seen. Huntsman found himself led to a set of stairs and pulled up them he finding himself having no problem getting up them to see a hallway. The female stopped at a door with a picture of an animal on it. 
It makes him think "It's related to my animal form." 
He saw her bangs a fist onto it in series of knocking sounds in code to him. Huntsman waited as the door yanks open showing Anastasia to his surprise judging by her face but her hair is darker looking.
She spoke "My sister Anastasia" she names to his shock "finally found someone capable of mating with me. Despite pestering me to quit the whoring job after my contract stopped. I hardly used for mating. My sister said some deal of finding someone suitable enough to get me out of this job. The whoremaster insisted on me staying on to keep the males in line. My animalistic form would be enough to get them to behave. From targeting their stomach's contents through the mouth with my animalistic form of an earthworm. It's enough to suck them to make the males be very ravenously hungry. They'll eat too much food and run up a huge bill at the local restaurant, Thrown in jail for not able to pay for a certain time period. Along with thrown into a work camp at a nearby farm working the number of hours that is twin to the number on their bill they racked up as always done." 
He frowned hearing that as she added "I annoyed that my sister kept up the bargain of finding a male for me to quit the whore bodyguard job." 
Huntsman frowned as the female who knocked on the door speaks sounding sarcastic "Its not my problem, Zoya" 
He figures Zoya is the female's name as the female adds "You should entertain yourself with mating with him. Then figure out a way of getting out of the deal with your sister just to keep the bodyguard job. The whoremaster is having trouble controlling males to treat female whores properly despite them doing inappropriate treatment."
He frowned as Zoya grabbed his arm and yanked him into the room slamming the door behind with a bang sound. He saw is some kind of bedroom with two doors in the room ajar he not sure what they are. 
Huntsman eyed Zoya warily who ordered him "Strip your clothes and shoes for an inspection before I proceed on mating with you." 
He obeyed to find her giving off a disgusted sound and saying "You need a shower. You're not soiling up my bed with your dirtiness." 
Huntsman frowned as Zoya jabbed a finger aimed at a door and says "It's where you can shower washing off the dirtiness." 
Huntsman spoke sounding honest "I was out of touch for a lengthy period of time controlled by my animal side. Even over a manoid yearly time way too long acting animalistic to pay attention to any advances in manoid lifestyles. I've never heard of the word shower or know what it's used for." 
He continued to frown eyeing Zoya who gives off an Hmph sound strips herself of her clothes. He finding himself liking her naked form and she taking off her shoes and removing stuff from her hair that is keeping it up to grab his hand and haul him to the door yanking it open. She introduced him to the room dubbed bathroom and its uses including getting him into the shower stall she calls it with her inside. Huntsman wound up not protest to her using the water spraying overhead from some rounded thing like rainwater and not feeling any fear from it. She rubbing his body all over with an object shaped like a rectangle that she calls soap and not sparing his sensitive part. He feeling excited by her touching and examining him all over including making him itching for mating once her hands touched his sensitive part. He eyed her as she got himself completely washed and cleaned she calls it. He wound up finding himself much better from the showering enough to get him out of it to his regret given a towel and shown how to use it for drying his body and his long hair. He finding it's still its dirty blond color and the length is still the same. His face is bare of its mustache and beard. He had before his curse from the feel of his hands on the area after drying himself thoroughly of the water and putting the towel back onto the rack she calls it. He proceeded to follow her out of the bathroom to the bed he assumed it is what's it's called. Judging by the looks of it looking softer and firmer than the beds he was on. Huntsman got ordered to lie on the bed onto his back after Zoya removed the blankets putting them at the foot at the bed. He obeyed getting his head on the pillow and felt his string holding his hair back isn't there. 
He figured "Zoya must have yanked it out of my hair during washing my back. I feeling some pain in the head area from indicating my hair yanked. I not giving off pain in response to that." 
Huntsman eyed Zoya greedily eyeing her bared chest and licks his lips as she straddles him. He rolled his eyes jerking his head back baring his neck as he felt her go down his entire length till he's inside her up to the hilt. He gasped loudly as she placed hands on his shoulders and rubbed him up and down him. Huntsman feeling charges of pleasure from being inside her each time he's thrust inside her. He felt like he needed to release himself does it after giving of a gasp sound spilling inside her. He finds its not lengthy but enough to satisfy him. Huntsman opened his eyes lowering his head to stare at Zoya in the eyes greedily while still up to the hilt inside her. She leaned down and kissed him on the lips with her lips him shutting his eyes and kissing her back in response. The kissing got to the point that he wants to do further mating of shifting their positions. Only find his hands gripping her breasts he figured it's what their called and fondling with the nipples. Huntsman kept on the kissing with Zoya still kissing him she not complaining of him touching her breasts' areas. 
He kept on the fondling till Zoya broke off the kiss and eyed him in the eyes while speaking an Hmm and added "Lilly my ancestor shouldn't have dumped you after you became cursed. My Aunt May some sorceress unable to have children due to some claimed cursed status by some male magician, treated her rudely. She kept her in her horse form most of the time around the castle natives. But only as a manoid to a selected male chosen for mating that was to get her expecting with offspring. She later birthing the boy child soon after mating with the male who wound up killed off by her Aunt cursing him to become a deer which some hunter managed to bring him down by an arrow."
He stiffened from Zoya's admittance talk as she continued "My ancestor Aunt tried to have Lilly executed after her son was born for her to raise influenced in her point of views for the throne. Some thief unknown to this day outwitted the Aunt by stealing Lilly as in a horse form. Riding her out of the castle unstopped at night before the execution was to be held during daybreak. Lilly wasn't seen or heard again. That the story wound up passing down onto her son's descendants once the Aunt was later executed at daybreak in place of Lilly by guards loyal to King Walks Silent himself. They wound up raising the son in his Mother's values. He cursed with a form of being a dog later in life and acting more doggish till some female broke it by kissing him on the nose. He stopped the doggish behavior but he still retained the form of being a dog from time to time him not acting doggish as usual." 
Huntsman frowned visibility as Zoya added "My animal form is similar to Shoots Deer's animal form." 
He confused to the name of Shoots Deer as she continued "The Aunt called the one who killed the King, who she's not really the King's brother but claiming some brother sister relationship to people's faces, by the name of Shoots Deer. The name stuck over the years as there were stories of him killing the King mentioned. Along with assumed that he was the creature terrorizing a village repeatedly over and over. Lots of people have been trying to catch him in his manoid form just to stop the terrorizing. Seeing on breaking his cursed status. It appears my sister Anastasia managed to do." 
Huntsman doesn't comment a response as Zoya resumed kissing him on the lips he kissing her back and still fondling her breasts repeatedly over and over. Due to liking the feel of them in his hands and touching them made him like it. He sighed as Zoya broke off the kiss and shivered as she pulled him out of her and got off the bed to go to a piece of furniture he assumes it is. Huntsman saw her yanks out clothes which she tosses at him he catches.
Zoya ordered him "Put them on." 
He saw her resume putting on her clothes she was wearing when he first met her. He obeyed getting up off the bed to stand and found the clothes were different from what he was given in the first place by Anastasia and people. The same with shoes he finding himself having to ask Zoya for help getting them onto his form to feeling confused on the proper way of wearing them she not complaining to his asking. Huntsman found her a good teacher in teaching him he finding himself no trouble getting it what she wanted him to learn. He even puts on the socks and boots she calls the shoes then stands staring at her as she leads him to the bathroom. She showed him an object he should use for making his hair neat for pulling it back into a tail. He copying her doing the hair combing as she calls it to her hair. He saw her put it up again in its familiar style as he combs his hair finding the hair giving resistance to the comb going through. 
Huntsman got told by Zoya "Resistance in hair means that the comb has to continue on doing its job on taking out the resistance." 
He obeyed to do till he finds the thing going through his hair entirely in smooth moves. He got given a cloth stretchable band of round circle to pull his hair back entirely into a tail. 
He told "Males in town of Atlanta is the name of this town and in territory of Georgia state with twin hair lengths or longer are required to pull their hair back into twin tailed styles period. Or get arrested and have their hair forcefully cut short if their not dressed appropriately for that to happen. You're dressed appropriately for that tailed style to be required." 
He sighed and didn't comment a response and with some figuring out how, got his hair pulled back entirely into a tail held by the band he finding he has to twist it repeatedly onto his hair to get it to hold the tail in his hair in place. He frowned eyeing himself in the mirror as Zoya calls it above the sink finding himself not complaining to the hair's style instead. He recalled pulling parts of it that dangled near his face getting caught in his eyesight by the wind and by riding onto horseback. Dangling hair pulled back out of his face for him to ride and avoid wind blowing hair into his eyesight or covering his eyes. 
Huntsman didn't complain as Zoya got him out of her room and told him while in the hallway "The whoremaster will be interrogating slang for talking to you later once the time arrived. As the whoremaster had always have done towards each male taking services of a whore in the whorehouse. I'm not sure of what the subject is as always. I warn you that the whoremaster always have some kind of unexplained ability to get males to talk the truth. Regardless of what subject it is and those males haven't been able to lie to the whoremaster. Despite bragging to other males that they told lies to the whoremaster. His people and males who were formerly interrogated by the whoremaster themselves overhearing the bragging manage as always used the male for their fists to target for the bragging and lying used." 
Huntsman frowned as Zoya adds "I order you to go to the drinking room which is room where you came in the whorehouse. Your to wait for the whoremaster to interrogate. That the whoremaster have paid death warrant orders on males that avoid the interrogation to be caught and executed if they do that." 
He didn't comment a response went to the drinking room he assumed it's called and found some of the males are gone from the room. Including noticing a door in a wall with an odd wording sign on it he unable to read. 
He saw a male come out looking very nervous who goes to the half wall he figuring "It's a bar." 
Huntsman wound up seeing the male get a see through cup from the male he assumes is the bartender serving him and gulps down the drink before walking in some weave walking pattern before hitting the floor in some dead faint. He heard nothing from the males in the room in response to that. Huntsman looked to see a dog form in the male's place that gets up with tail between its legs and darted out of the room via entrance unstopped. Along with hearing a familiar male voice sound loudly some word he heard before but unsure of what it is with dog whining noises which he frowns hearing it sounding familiar and then gets cut off. Huntsman went to the bar to find the poles have some kind of stool seat. 
He sat facing the entrance to get a tap on his shoulder from the bartender "I order you to drink" while handing him a cup he took and sipped slowly while recalling what it is from the taste of it. 
Huntsman to recall its wine and has another flavor included in it that makes him continue on drinking the drink till it's entirely consumed. He wound up to find the familiar female wearing her dress next to him that points a finger at the familiar signed door.
She heard saying "The whoremaster wants to see you." 
Huntsman obeyed to put down the cup he assumed it's what it's called and went to the door finding he has to figure out how to gain entrance inside. He finding the doorknob different along with the door refusing to budge on opening. 
He figured "I'll knock." 
He did that to hear a loud buzz sound and door unlocking itself by becoming ajar. He walked inside to hear the door slam shut behind him to find a room having a desk and behind it is standing is a cloud colored body antlered deer that makes him gulps seeing it. The deer shifted form into a male wearing odd clothing that has King Walks Silent's face but hair is shorter styled who sits down at the desk and gives him a glare in some look that makes him think its accusation. Huntsman found himself blurting to his shock of what he did to a deer with similar color that turned out to be a King named Walks Silent. 
He speaks "I ignored my instincts screaming at me not to kill the deer. It was due to greediness of being a hunter. I thinking that an animal with such sacredness would impress King Walks Silent. Enough to give me the goal of being the male's daughter Princess unsure of her name's husband as proclaimed throughout the kingdom of wanting males to impress him to gain the Princess's hand in marriage. I saved a horse from a muddy trap that turned out to be the Princess herself. After I was confronted by the deer killing by the King's sister and the Princess revealed herself to her people. I saw the change form happened. The King's sister cursed me with being an animal dubbed earthworm. I later finding out about the name along with feeding off manoids by eating their heart organs and killing them. I doing this feeding from the highest sun's position in the sky till nightfall is when my form changed into manoid. I let myself become animalistic instead of thinking like a manoid and lost my manoid thinking along with ability to decipher speech. I acting animalistic too long till some female managed to get brave enough to kiss me in my animal form, destroyed my animalistic state. I became manoid again and told the manoids around me about my life. The female who kissed me had claimed to me that I'll still have my animal form. But ability to think like a manoid remained while in my animal form. She didn't say anything on whether I'll still be feeding off manoids as my way of nourishment in my animal form. Or that I can take in nourishment via manoid form and avoid that via animal form-" 
Huntsman cut his talking finding himself able to do it and realizes "The drink I drank had something to make manoids talk the truth once it's consumed." 
He kept his mouth clamped shut to his thought while eyeing Walks Silent's twin who spoke "Manoids in today's world are expected to have two names a first and a last name. I'm giving you a last name of Shoots Deer. From hearing that you don't have a last name. Despite hearing you're name is dubbed Huntsman by manoids back then. Them passing down the story of a male said to kill a sacred deer and became a monster terrorizing a village. The name of Huntsman stuck despite others using the name of Shoots Deer when referring to this male. I recognized from the story the manoid told is yourself standing in front of me." 
Huntsman frowned visibly as the whoremaster he assumed is what the male's titled name continued talking "You should whenever manoids ask for your name say it as Huntsman Shoots Deer period to them." 
He didn't comment a response as the whoremaster added "Descendants of the victims you killed including current manoids' family members, as an animal will possibly treat you rudely once they find out who he is by the name. They may have Chief Jeffers throw you in lockup for the deaths dubbed murders and punished harshly for it. They won't execute him due to a national law. States no executions to be done against manoids using animal forms targeting manoids for nourishment purposes. Once it's obvious that manoids is their only source of nourishment period. Despite failure of taking in nourishments via manoid forms and showing signs of rejecting the nourishment via manoid forms indicating it." 
Huntsman felt an odd feeling in his stomach and throat during the whoremaster's talk to felt compelled to open his mouth. He found brown liquid spurting out by compulsion along with continuing on doing it till the compulsion to throw up he figuring out what the sickness is stopped. Huntsman felt himself much better and nothing to indicate hunger to him or anything indicating on his form change. He remained standing staring at the whoremaster who has cut off his talk during his throwing up. 
The male continued "You're to leave. My talk with you is over with period." 
He obeyed walking out to hear the door slam shut behind him along with familiar buzz noise. He spotted manoids wearing twin clothing as the males that spied on him in some poled walled room go up to him. Them speak wording of arresting him while putting some kind of thin chain manacle around his wrists. Two of them grabbing his arms and forcing him to walk out of the whorehouse he looking around finding the buildings look similar looking but there's some differences. He's led to a building and brought inside finding its not holding the familiar poled room but multiple pole rooms.
He figuring out "Their some kind of dungeon lockups." 
He wound up thrust inside a room with no window opening and freed from the chains along with hearing a familiar banging sound and a familiar buzz sound that remains buzzing away. The noises leaves him confused to notice a sign on the dungeon's pole facing his direction saying some wording. He finding himself unable to read goes up to the pole intending to put a hand on it. Only to get a stick appearing to be wooden poking his hand and he looks to see the stick's owner shakes his head in some no gesture. 
The male speaking "You can't touch the jail's bars or suffer some terrible medical ailment if you touches them. I want to know what the sign on the bars say." 
He found the male remove the stick and jabbed a finger aimed at the sign while behind the bars he assumed that he'll call the poles. Huntsman eyed the sign finding himself still unable to get its signed talk.
He honestly spoke "I can't understand what the sign's meaning is." 
He heard from the male "Can't read drat." 
The wording confused him till the buzzing stops to his relief. He wound up to find the bottom part of the bars in front of him opening like a door. A tray holding items smelling of scents that makes him get really disgusted got thrust into sight along with the buzzing resumed. He ignored the tray and its contents to look around the jail he assumes he'll call the dungeon room. Huntsman to find some kind of bed attached to the wall. He went to sit down finding it not so soft and firm as Zoya's bed but seemingly on the lumpy side from the feel of his seat on it. 
He heard from the male "The tray holds manoid nourishment in dishware." 
He not sure what that word means and hears "You should see about eating and drinking the food to keep your strength up along with avoiding being hungry which will temporary cure your hunger." 
He eyed the tray and felt himself still disgusted by the smell it's giving off along with the looks of its items it's containing. 
He formed a visibly grimace on his face and honestly speaks "I don't want to take in the nourishment. Its stink is making me feel disgusted along with the looks of it not looking edible to me." 
He heard from the male "I insisted on you to eat and drink despite the stink and looks of it. It'll cure your hunger temporary. The nourishment is all we could provide for prisoners in jail to take in comment." 
Huntsman found the smell of the nourishment makes him still felt disgusted ignored the male in response to lie his form down on the bed and shuts his eyes.
He thinking "I'll get some rest." 
Huntsman passed out and came to smelling something that made him excitedly itching to eat jerked open his eyes. He found himself changing into his earthworm form to attack the bars whacking and biting it with fury from the smell. While hearing it not giving off any buzzing sounds and continued on doing that hitting till the smell gets closer enough along with a familiar banging noise sounding twice. Huntsman find the source of the smell puts mouth on it to find it's a heart organ and swallows it whole. He wound up to feel the excitement of the nourishment stops along with feeling satisfied from eating it shifts form into manoid. He found his lips are bloody again from the feel and spies a familiar clean towel next to the tray having blood on it from the looks of it. He picks up and wipes his mouth entirely with then tossed aside the towel. He found a crowd of people behind the bars eyeing him with various emotions on their faces. Mostly seeing shock that turns to frowns including anger from one of them a male that forms disgust on his face. The male looks away from looking in his direction to eye another male he recognizing him as the one who told him to eat the manoid nourishment that has a frown look on his face. 
The frowning male speaks "Huntsman Shoots Deer is a manoid eater period. Despite attempts to use other nourishments onto him including heart organs from other animals. He ignored by not waking up. Only woke up smelling the manoid's heart organ and changing form to his animalistic side to indicate that the organ is his nourishment source period. Judging by his behavior and actions towards sensing it and gobbling it up fast once it was accessed." 
Huntsman didn't comment a response instead kept his mouth shut while eyeing the male who looked towards the group and speaks "I have something in mind for Huntsman Shoots Deer to do. It's being used to execute criminals instead of execution by hanging. Hanging takes too long to kill a manoid. Their animal side sometimes comes out and stops the hanging enough to escape. Despite being shot at which shooting sometimes wounds up killing them. Other times they escape unscathed fully to continue on committing crimes till someone gets lucky enough to shoot them dead in either their manoid forms or animal forms. It taking too much time for that shooting to happen. Some of those criminals including other people are the lucky ones to outwit people's attempts to hunt them down regardless of what their animal is which happened to Huntsman here."
He heard nothing in response from the crowd but a loud male voice "How the law plans on controlling Huntsman targeting manoids for feeding? How can he by only targeting the ones to be executed to be done? Instead of targeting innocent others in the process of hunger hitting him while feeding off the guilty executed in front of the public? What way you plan on using to control Huntsman to only feed on who you want him to feed period?" 
He frowned inwardly while eyeing the spoken male looking at the male that declared him a manoid eater he looking at the manoid in response. Huntsman feeling himself confused on how they plan on doing this feeding habit. Despite memories of feeding on various manoids over time he was an earthworm and didn't play favors with who they were. He frowned eyeing the male that looked in his direction and saw him resumed looking at the crowd.
The male speaking "The execution will happen in the jail cell with the victim cut in their chest tossed inside. The jail cell forever containing Huntsman to trigger the animalistic side to come out. He'll target the manoid for execution to happen." 
He frowned visibly while hearing the crowd agree to the male's words and sees the male look in his direction and speaks "Sorry but can't free you from the jail cell period. You're a manoid eater. You have to remain locked up on a permanent basis. Like what has happened to manoid eaters in the past. Their are rumored used for executing manoids while contained in their jail cells for life till they pass away. You'll have to put up with that containment and job of executing manoids on a permanent basis. I'll make sure that you won't be bored being in containment along with having something to do to amuse yourself just to tolerate being contained." 
Huntsman felt his mood flatten hearing the male's words as the male and crowd walk off he going to the bed to sit in feeling himself upset with forever being contained and its reason for it. 
He figured "It's my punishment for killing manoids in the past. I'm paying the price for doing that killing." 
He lied his form down on the bed and felt his eyes watery wipes them with his sleeves as they continue to water seemingly lengthy. 
His eyes dry up which he shuts his eyes and figured "I'll get some sleep." 
He passed out unconscious to come to smelling a familiar smell that makes him excited. Huntsman changes into his animalistic form to seek out the smell that is moving all over the place in his jail cell. He wound up feeling of some manoid on his body clinging to his neck and holding on in some tight grip. He hears the familiar buzzing noises tracks it and bangs the manoid onto the buzzer's noises to feel the manoid slide off. Along with familiar smell continuing bites into the manoid's body to get the heart organ. He yanked it out before swallowing it whole before resuming his manoid form. Huntsman gets thrust a towel by a familiar manoid holding it while hearing the buzzing noises stop. He looked to see two males similar dressed as the towel male holding a male by the arms while having eyes wide of fear in them. He ignored to take the towel and wipes his mouth then thrusts the towel back to the male who took it and formed a glare eyeing the male with fear in his eyes. 
The towel's male speaks "Cooper wishes to stick to your story as told or would you like to change it." 
He eyed the wide eyed feared male who starts babbling in some fear voice tone "A wolf" he figured is an animal "Targeted a male trying to rape my sister I caught them in the act. I saw the wolf managed to kill off the male trying to hurt my sister. He turned into some manoid dressed like a primitive living manoid by loin cloth only on his form with a knife attached at belt and looking like a Lower One by the clothes. The Lower One with a knife took the male's dead heart out of the male's body. He ignored the male's body and then once done jabbed his knife aimed in my direction and made a thrust motion across his throat. Then resuming the jabbing the knife in my direction and walking off carrying the heart organ out of sight. I haven't seen him since but my sister had complained of feeling herself being watched from time to time while she's out traveling in the forest. She had told me in the morning of one night she woke up with the Lower One in her bed holding her in some possession way while asleep. She then later admitted to me of wounding up expecting but refused to confirm of who's the father. The male who raped her or the Lower One and just prior to nearly getting to the point where her pregnancy couldn't be hidden anymore disappeared from my farmstead. Mostly while I was out farming the fields with no sign of her in sight or word since. I heard nothing from her to indicate that she had the baby. It's past the time for her to have it by now. I haven't seen her since despite coming upon a pack of wolves in the forests while I'm searching for her. One wolf always acting friendly enough to keep the wolves from targeting me. Despite them known to target manoids whenever food is in short supply in certain periods of time of the year in this state area. Always have been happening over and over each time I kept meeting the wolf pack in the forests. I while searching for signs of my sister. Always finding some humanoid footprint that is small enough to make me think it's my sister's. She always liked to walk around barefoot a lot and her footprints are always recognizable. I figured those footprints I kept seeing are my sister's. But can't figure out why I haven't found her personally despite hunting for her all over till I had to give up and resume my farming work. I did the search for two standard lunar cycles till I gave up and resumed farming is when I was arrested for murder of some guy found dead on my property. The State Marshalls aren't buying my explanation of looking for my sister instead assumed I killed the male. They assumed I was on the lam hiding from the law on that." 
Huntsman frowned hearing that as the towel's male gave off a sound of disgust before ordering "Get Cooper out of my sight!"
The two males holding Cooper he assumed is the male's name out of view then finds the male turning to face him and sees part of the bars open forming a low small opening. 
The male ordering him "Thrust me the body of the executed criminal through period. I'll think of giving you some reward for obeying orders while contained. Just to ease your containment and suffering boredom and suffering from being contained." 
Huntsman found himself agreeing with the towel's male's talk obeyed and got the familiar door shutting which the male speaks to him "I'll see about getting someone to teach you how to read the official manoid language all jointly used in the nation of U.S.A.'s national language." 
He feeling confused hearing the lettering U.S.A. and isn't sure what it means as the male took leave of him walking out of sight. He went to the lumpy mattress and sat down to lie on his back feeling the bed is really lumpy and bothering his back.
Huntsman figured "I'll ask for a better bed next time the towel's male comes back and insisted on having that be my reward that time." 

Huntsman shook his head of the memory of living caged in the jail during the official manoid named Terrain calendar year of one thousand and fifty despite confused to the numbers used. That despite unknowingly of the time and during his containment taught how to read the U.S.A. aka United States of America's official written language of English. By the towel's male identifying himself as Chief Jeffers and giving him books on the U.S.A. and its history once he could finally read. Including learning of the main spoken language of English despite other states totaling five mainland ones all together on an island. He finding there other states elsewhere having their own official spoken language such as the nation of Canada being annexed as a part of the United States that is nearby the United States' island nation. The nation of Canada isn't the only nation that is in process of being annexed into the United States' territory by their ruler a President by the title. He recalling that the nation of Canada later became part of the United States by the President declaring it. He continues to recall that the United States kept up the territory state annexing onto nearby islands and appeared from books on the subject in process of doing this annexing on any nearby nation. 
Huntsman frowned recalling that Chief Jeffers with panic in his voice managed to get him out of the jail despite smelling something odd that made him nervous. Chief Jeffers managed to get him outside the building and wrists chained to a saddle on horseback. He was thrust onto the horse and the male onto another horse leading his horse away in a direction in a fast gallop. He looking behind him to see an advancing wall of fire consuming buildings in its traveling direction heading his way. Jeffers galloped the horses in a fast move he not seeing anyone on the way. Huntsman saw still followed by the firewall that seemed to be chasing them all over the place. He only seeing the fire wall halting once the horses crossed a river getting to the other side. He feeling fear from the water but clung to the horse as they reached the other side and galloped away seemingly lengthy till a wall of fire burst in front of them and surrounded them in a circle. The fire wall halted the galloping of the horses while making them whiny in fear. Jeffers seemingly acting very nervous to him to see the male got off the horse and go to him taking off the chains. 
Jeffers telling him "You're to go. The fire eaters have indicated on who they wanted to target. They ignoring the building I was in and targeting other buildings with others inside them who managed to escape unscathed." 
He frowned from memory but finds a break in the wall of fire to gallop the horse through followed by the other horse to halt. Huntsman saw the wall of fire resume its wall and eyes Chief Jeffers through the wall of fire get consumed of fire. He heard nothing to indicate of pain from the male or saw anything to indicate of pain from the male's face seen before the fire consumes him. He recalling seeing it consumed Jeffers before moving off in another direction with no sign of the male in its place or anything to indicate ashes of a burned body. 

Huntsman heard a familiar buzz sound of the jail's door sliding open looked off his left while shaking his head of the memory of Chief Jeffers becoming a fire eater. It was as found out by the Americans seeing people getting consumed by fire. Fire eaters indicating on wanting someone to consume which turns out to make that person into one of them after one of them carried a fireman unaffected from the fire out of a burning building that exploded, to safety. Them indicating them as manoids by the way they carried the fireman and leaving him alive to the public to see. Before rain fell burning away the burning fire showing what the manoids looked like as their own Humanoid forms. The rain washed away the fire showing them as some muscled form of Human without any Human like skin covering after consumed by the fire. The rain stopped abruptly and the fire resumed burning over the manoid who walked away back into the burning building after putting down the fireman onto the ground. Huntsman eyed the open door warily as the guards of the high tech jail in Three Mile Island, Long River Place State a territory of Canada nearest to the U.S.A.'s island mainland, in the year of one thousand and fourteen reportedly years before the disaster as said to him happened. Thrust their familiar boxed tray into the cell before getting the door slid shut again with the familiar buzzing noises coming from it. 
Huntsman frowned eyeing the box he figured "It will always will contain a human heart organ for me to feed as nourishment. Reportedly said to come from Humans who no longer needed the heart organ. Some rumored to be getting a new one or too old to live any more. Passing away from various medical ailments that included the heart stopping its pumping work in their bodies. Left for me to consume in my earthworm form as always. Once the smell of one hits my human body's nose triggering my earthworm side to come out and feed as always. Despite no other attempts to trigger that side to come out meeting failure as always whenever I was above ground." 
He recalled "Whenever I was underground in dirt in some various trapped status is when the earthworm side would come out and free me to reach the surface of the top ground of the dirt. But never triggered whenever I was contained underground in statuses that didn't involve the earth. Such as my jailed status as tested onto me by the Humans in the year of one thousand seventy. Once they managed to catch me in some unbreakable trap in one thousand of fifty. Despite failure of doing it or of trying to catch me in either my manoid form or earthworm form to toss into their painful testing facilities contained for life. They were rumored to be doing towards humans with the animal ability. By talk overheard by Humans in places I traveled via human form on either foot or stolen horse always into areas that seemed remote and didn't seem to be threatening to me in either status. That despite me traveling all over the United States' annexed territory dubbed Americana. Its official name of Canada and Cambecka, unsure of the name, that was north of the United States' mainland island. Formerly belonged to some island nation dubbed Brittany who had Canada and Cambecka in control. The natives got restless and kicked them out with the help of the United States. They started agreeing to be part of the United States' territory lands including the new state of Alaska. New territory nation of Greenland but wanting to rule independently by their own rulers while answering to the United States' leader dubbed by the title of President. Despite the U.S.A. having a monarchy ruler titled King for male and Queen for female always belonging to some weird family dubbing themselves High Council and descendants passed down to keep the title period." 
Huntsman frowned recalling "The information wound up fully taught to me once the year one thousand and ninety arrived. Some female doctor testing me for samples through my sensitive part while I was chained restrained. She manipulating my sensitive part to produce samples. She appeared to took pity on my cluelessness of the world she mentioning it to my face. I not getting it what she's talking about. I later given books on the subject detailing the planetary world declared name of Terra. Its internal history involving Humans living in it from the Human year of zero some disaster involving a ship's crash whatever it is, as dubbed till the current year of one thousand and ninety The books included information on there was evidence that the Humans came from off planet. Landed in some continent dubbed South America in the now declared nation named nation of Brazil I hear is going to be annexed as a state of the United States. That's from finding signs of technology in the nation littered all over." 
He continued to remember "I recalled reading then later in the one thousand seventies people called scientists put the technology pieces together. They figured out what it was and created their own version of the technology. They tested the technology to figure it involved space travel. The Humans in United States have managed to create their own version of that technology. They currently has an already built space station orbiting the planet as rumored despite it repeatedly controlled by this group dubbed High Council, whoever they are. It's still in process of being fixed up for humans to live in space on a longer basis including visiting the moon and still working on building a home base on it." 
Huntsman sighed and without a word got up and went to the box yanking it open to smell the familiar smell of the heart organ triggering his earthworm status as always. He found the heart organ easily inside the box and gulped it down entirely before resuming his Human status and wiped his mouth with the towel included on the tray. Huntsman wound up going back to his bed to sit on eyeing the camera dome in the cell's ceiling warily. He always feeling like being spied on by the camera dome always on watching his moves. Huntsman resumed sitting on the bed as the door slid open showing a guard wearing body armored clothing covered head to foot entirely in black that took the tray by kicking it out of the cell and darting out followed by the door slamming shut behind the guard. He exhaled a breath and ran hands on his head feeling no hair on the area. Since his capture in one thousand fifty the doctors have over the years shorten his hair till the point they managed to get it entirely shaved off whenever they had him in some trapped status in his manoid form. 
They have refused to let him grow his hair back again by refusing to listen to his talking they called his talk "Whining." 
Most of his whining according to them was on letting his hair grow back.
Them saying him in third person "He appears to not have an ability to grow facial hair in his face repeatedly."
He found them proceeded to poke and prodded his face with their instruments repeatedly over and over for testing him that refused to stop. Despite them declaring that he couldn't grow facial hair which the tests has always continued all over his face including his hair shaved off as always. 
Huntsman frowned eyeing the door wondering "What the doctors are planning on doing towards me to do something for them this time? The heart organ they gave me indicated it was a healthy heart from the taste and feel in consumed within me. They keep giving me healthy heart organs as their speak that they wanted me to do something as a favor in return. Usually involved me demonstrating my earthworm ability in some giant glass cage halfway full of dirt with multiple bad human heart organs hidden in it in various spots inside the dirt for me to find and eat. Till their all consumed including stopping my earthworm side to form my Human side. I standing on the dirt ground seeing that there were people watching me through the see through wall on the other side on some gangplank that formed ranges of emotions on their faces towards me demonstrate my abilities. I always seeing that seemed to involve males wearing clothing that seemed fancy to me in different styles. Sometimes having a naked male or female with fear seen in their faces while seated in some wheelchair chained onto it. The naked person treated rudely by the guards grabbing their hair and one of them thrusting a lighted device aimed at their faces as always. Gets them to speak words judging by their moving mouths I learning to lip read on admitting to various information I assuming is what their talk is. I always finding that their talk seemed to be confusing to me. Not sure of what they were talking about that was always various and had different themes to me." 
Huntsman sat leaning back on the bed while eyeing the door warily due to recalling "The doctors would flood my cell with smoke that put me to sleep. I would wake up in the see through walled cage in my manoid form. A heart organ would be tossed from above triggering my earthworm side to come out. Make me travel all over the place in the cage getting all of the hidden heart organs to eat till once done resume the Human form on the dirt's surface. Then knocked out by dart hitting me in the neck and waking up in my cell lying on my bed feeling like needing to expel waste. I always hit the toilet attached to the wall next to the door with a sink above it to give off water via faucet after stripping myself of the jumpsuit and baring myself naked to expel." 
Huntsman folded his legs onto the bed in a cross sitting position his feet always bare and he always wearing various colored jumpsuits over the time he was kept in containment. That seemed to be made out of different materials from the feel of them once he was given a new one in his cell after they cut off his original jumpsuit from being in some trapped status to test him medically in his human form as always all over the place and not sparing his sensitive part either. He saw the familiar smoke flood his cell from a grate coming from the ceiling next to the camera dome and started coughing as usual from the smell of it making him cough. Huntsman felt the familiar sleepiness hitting him adjusted his position to lie on his back. It's from waking up naked and chained with arms above and whipped on the back by some rope multiple times bringing pain of electric shocks. It happened whenever he didn't adjust his position to lie down from them flooding his cell of the sleeper smoke. He getting the message that he was expected to lie down period. Huntsman shut his eyes once sleepiness became too much for him and woke up feeling himself on dirt ground still clad in his jumpsuit. The dirt and lights were familiar as usual to get up in a fast move finding himself back in his box cage. He wound up to looking around to spot standing on a gangplank off his right underneath the glaring spotlights shining overhead was female wearing some suit outfit with a skirt. He's seen from the female doctors wearing in his presence. Despite males always having different colored pants and twin jackets having some medical symbol on it and noticed the familiar guarded men and an older familiar male dressed in some fancy outfit with jewelry on it.
He saw the familiar male speaking words he lip read "Your Excellency. He dubbed himself Huntsman to witnesses seeing him in his Human form from year one thousand to his capture in one thousand and fifty. His dubbing is from whenever they get him to talk on his name or brave enough to encounter him. Before he escapes them trying to capture him upon realizing that he's real. Luckily for us. He stupidity didn't realize that he should have done something to his appearance as in exchanging his clothes and doing something to his hair to blend with the natives as the years passed."
Huntsman frowned lip reading that while staring at the male who continued talking "Several witnesses have on questioning about him being a legend in one thousand twenties, have always claimed to sight him in the Canadian state of Yukon's wilderness. They claimed that he was some kind of ghost. Not realizing that he's a living being. He seen and getting away from them. They were too scared to give chase. It's from thinking that he was a ghost judging by his before one thousand fad clothes he was wearing."
Huntsman eyed the female as the male with fancy medallions he assumed was the jewelry look at her with a frown to see her talking he lip reading "Interesting that it took you, General Heller, thirty years of trying to capture this male Huntsman as he's called. Despite success with other non Humanoids who were always captured within a year's time frame. They always seemed to have lost their humanity. He appears to still have traces of humanity judging by him watching us with a look of a Human." 
He eyed the medallion male he figured was named General Heller in response to see the male looking back at him with a scrutiny look before waving a finger making a pointing down gesture. Huntsman smelled the familiar smell of a heart organ dropped from the ceiling landing nearby triggering his earthworm side to get mouth onto it swallowing whole. He compelled to travel underground in the cage all over the place due to instincts to eat hitting him. Him swallowing buried heart organs while hearing an unfamiliar beep noise coming from each of them after he got them into his mouth to swallow. Till all of the hearts are consumed is when he forced himself to reach the surface to shift form into his Human form.
He found that General Heller and the female with guards hadn't moved. The male was holding a familiar pad object in his hand in view of the female who glanced at it before resuming staring at him and speaking.
He lip reading "Interesting the new signal devices placed underneath the heart organs indicate that he found them all in a fast maneuver. Roughly ten minutes timed by the computer. His always fastest time for finding the hearts and then coming up on the surface to resume his Human form. Interesting seeing this demonstration but have you tried it on bodies of the dead with heart organs still inside them buried anywhere in this cage I'm seeing?"
Huntsman eyed General Heller in response who gave him a scrutiny look before raising the pad to cover his face partially. He eyed the female who did a double take look aimed at him and the titled male before putting a hand over her mouth. Huntsman wound up seeing her throat move indicating that she's talking.
He figured "General Heller figured out that I learned to lip read their lips hence they covering their mouths by pad and hand." 
Huntsman eyed the two warily to recall the trap in one thousand and fifty that caught him involved a dead body buried partially in the ground with the chest cut open. The body found above the ground for him to smell and target. The trap's walls clanged around him in some see through glass with holes in them including a top of metal slamming overhead. He finding part of the trap was shallowly buried underground despite his attempts to dig into the ground. He finding no success on escaping the trap using his Human form after eating the heart cancelled his earthworm form as always. Huntsman finding that the dirt wasn't much but covering a metal bottom he finding himself trapped inside the cage seemingly lengthy all night. Till daylight of the sun rising in the sky is when Humans arrived via multiple machinery that made him confused to see them. He recalling from memory seemed to be cars to him. People some with all blue eyed looks and bald status of no hair, coming out to stare at him with scrutiny looks before one came with a box. He saw one of them open the box near the cage's holes smell triggering his animal side to come out whacking against the cage wall and biting at it with his teeth despite not breaking it. Despite multiple hitting over and over towards the human holding the box near a hole with the smell driving him crazy enough to want to feed but unable to get that done is when the box got covered. He reverted back to his Human form to give the Human male that opened the box a glare of accusation aimed at him and waving his fist aimed at him. He snarling loudly through the hole in the cage English learned language from overhearing natives of places using it in his presence whenever he came upon them in a Human form in attempts to capture him. He always managed to outwit their capture attempts by using very strong strength abilities to get them flying away from him to hit trees. They becoming unconscious from that including knocking them out by fisting them in the face if they didn't get unconscious from the tree hitting which always causes their noses to bleed blood. He recalled glaring at the male and included English language wording multiple threats. 
Threat said of "I'll be eating you heart once I'm free from the cage. I'll target you in my earthworm form for not getting the message that I wanted to be left alone free by myself in the wilderness." 
Despite fed up with multiple people's attempts to pester him with capture methods including pestering him with questions he didn't want to answer about himself themed clothes he's wearing and looks of him. He recalled seeing the male opening the box in response cutting off his talking to get his earthworm side come out whacking at the glass walls before stopping that once the box was covered. 
He back in Human form overhearing the male speaking "Highly intelligent human like. When Human judging by the words he used aimed at us. But primitive with his animal side on gaining the nourishment. Doing what it takes to gain the nourishment period. Judging by how desperate he was to take in nourishment enough to be stupid enough to be caught in this trap when there was no sources for gaining nourishment, Hmph." 
Huntsman frowned from the memory seeing the male give off some laughing movement that made him thrust a fist aimed at the glass wall. 
Only to feel electrical jolts hitting him each time he touched the wall as the male added he overhearing "Get the truck to attend to the cage and fix it up while you're at it. Just to make it easier for traveling without people nosy enough to want to know what's in it. Despite its covered while on the way of getting it for transportation so move it now!"
He shook his head of the memory to eye General Heller and the female both having their talk with mouths covered warily.
He wondering "What her purpose was? What the titled male was up to involving heart organs having signal devices as said by her?" 
He felt the familiar dart hitting the back of his neck bringing sleepiness. He slid to the ground and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to finding himself lying in his familiar cell bed feeling sick again enough to expel waste. He got up yanking off his jumpsuit by the zipper as its called dropping it entirely onto the floor pooling around his feet and hit the toilet. 

Huntsman once done made sure to clean himself thoroughly with sink water and a washcloth and his hands cleaned too before going back to the jumpsuit to hear the door slid open behind him. This was followed by multiple gun cocking noises indicating bullet guns. He raised his hands and slowly turned around to find standing in the doorway behind two kneeling on one knee armored guards having weapons pointed at him. He while noticing two others next to a familiar female at her sides each pointing a gun weapon aimed at him. Huntsman eyed her warily as she looked him up and down not sparing his sensitive part with some amused expression on her face that was familiar. Huntsman saw her face indicated on female targeting male for mating uses. Despite having to put up with that from females targeting him for mating whenever he traveled around as a free man in remote area towns of the Yukon state territory in Canada. Some towns only having women in them and hardly any grown men and just both male and female offspring. He finding out once mating was done to females multiple times that they have killed off the male targeted for mating to keep the knowledge of their town's location out of people's knowledge. They don't tolerate foreign males blabbing about their location. Males born in their family location were required to serve the females for life as a breeder till they get too old to breed is when their killed off something that was newly done back then. He recalled grimacing inwardly managed to use his very strong Human strength to get out of their caged wooden trap. They were planning on burning to the ground at daybreak. He overhearing them talking about that. Them talking about his cage as a trap they always used onto foreign males period during the night. He took off running through the forest the females giving chase by sensed tracking him. To the point that they caught up with him and tried to get him killed via knife weapons. He stabbed a female in the chest with a stolen from her knife over the heart area in desperation along with yanking out the knife triggering his earthworm ability. He wound up targeting all six of the counted women who chased him by killing them to death and eating their hearts. Before traveling underground for a lengthy period of time urged by the smell of a human heart is when he wound up in the trap back in One thousand and fifty.

Huntsman eyed the female warily while keeping his arms up to hear from her sounding like an accent of Brittany in English "Interesting judging by the looks of him its a no wonder females back then fell for his charming appearance to help him outwit the law back in the pre one thousandths. Luckily this charming look stopped once it went out of fashion in the one thousandth twenties. People have claimed to see him as some kind of pre one thousandth ghost once sighted in the late one thousandth twenties. They have refused to pursue him. Till a witness declared crazy claimed to see some giant earthworm come from the ground attacking a male that was attempting to fuck her. She managed to cut the male on the chest with some rock which the earthworm in question was seen sucked the heart out. And then turned into a Human male and wound up fucking her in payment for saving her life. She was declared crazy by her talk and placed in a mental asylum. Her pregnancy was discovered while she was in there but she wasn't fully examined on her carrying status till the offspring once born. Proved her words of that earthworm status hitting a male. Judging by the offspring being born as a giant earthworm that was seen found in the cell with her. With her abdomen cut open from the looks of it. Indicating of the earthworm bursting out of her while she was contained. She appearing to be dead from the birth. The earthworm in question was taken into some zoo and have shown no indicating of human traits inherited. And is only an earthworm not changing sizes and seemed focused onto eating food garbage instead of the heart organ like its Father was doing. Interesting anyway wouldn't you agree General Heller?"
He saw her turn to look off her left to spot the familiar jewelry male he assumed was General Heller behind her who spoke "All the offspring born from samples taken from him implanted into Human females declared crazy or set for execution for murder from one thousandth seventies to eighties have always proved to be some giant version of a regular sized earthworm. Despite its giant size that is born by bursting through the female's abdomen area. Instantly kills her as always despite a gestation period of carrying the offspring for three standard Human months as always which happens period. The offspring in question once tested rigorously as always hasn't indicated on inherited his humanity or his ability to target manoids for feeding off their heart organs. They have just remained regular earthworms targeting food garbage to decompose into dirt for people to use onto their lawns anyway." 
He frowned to eye the female in response as she kept her attention aimed at General Heller who appeared to look at her and heard from her "What have you done on testing his offsprings' reactions towards him being their fucking Father in question?"
Huntsman grimaced fully hearing General Heller speak "Sorry, Your Excellency, I would advice against that meeting happening again. It already was tried with disastrous results of him escaping the medical facility in Yukon, Canada of where he was contained since his capture. A facility was built all around him in the area of his cage trap. From unable to transport him elsewhere for testing."
Huntsman grimaced with the look on his face as the General continued "He escaped in one thousandth eighty eight with the offsprings' of other females. We didn't know that he mated with multiple times while free before his capture. All joining together to help they all indicating on some intelligence to help him get out of the captivity. I'm not going into further details on that in front of him. Except to say that a doctor luckily gave him a bracelet like manacle jewelry with a tracking device implanted in it. Using the guise of the bracelet as a gift for good behavior when it was really used to track his movements."
He felt annoyance hearing that eyed his left arm to see the familiar manacle bracelet wrapped around his wrist was still there. Despite his failed attempts to take it off and has always remained clinging to his body period. 
The male continued "It took us one lunar standard month of attempts to tracking him all over the wilderness in Canada's state park in Yukon to finally get a lead on his movements. Enough to figure out a pattern to his movements to plan a trap using the same trap as before for his capture in one thousandth fifty due to thinking he wouldn't remember it. The trap got detected sprung one lunar cycle later. That trap only contained two of his offsprings were found inside with the baited body of the dead removed found outside the trap's area nearby with heart organ taken out. Including ground signs of his offsprings hanging around him in both, tracked on the ground, manoid and animal forms indicating some kind of intelligence. Himself having some kind memory recall due to able to avoid getting caught in multiple twin traps. Only caught his offspring in them as always every time. It took us six lunar cycled months of tracking him and multiple versions of the trap formed differently each time after it became obvious that he was too intelligent enough to avoid the trap and letting his offsprings get caught in them in response. It's when we finally caught him shivering in cold in his Human form, in some dead ended cave after a snowstorm hit the previous night. Him not giving resistance to us hauling him out and transporting him to his current location. Via multiple air vehicles to this island facility that was recently built back then in the state of Long River State despite its just an island nation dubbed by the odd name of Rico."
Huntsman gave General Heller a narrowed eyed glare as the male kept talking "That island facility is just to avoid any offsprings' help in getting him out. He has indicated some aversion to water by not swimming in it and always drowns himself including panicking whenever tossed into it. He also displays the same earthworm behavior towards water getting into the earth during him hunting for food inside it. Ignoring the food enough to get to the surface and resume his human form entirely during the rainstorm thrown at him. Plus the rainstorm has indicated on keeping away his animal side once it's used onto him after thrown nourishment while in the cage trap. He not indicating on doing anything towards the nourishment or changing his form every time water storms were used onto him."
Huntsman gave General Heller an accusatory glare as the male looked in his direction and appeared to gulp seeing his expression aimed at him. 
He glared at General Heller as he heard from the female Your Excellency he assumed was her name speaking "The fucker is indicating that he understands Human speech judging by that look on his fucking face aimed at you, General Heller. Explain that shit."
He kept the glare as General Heller was heard given off a nervous chuckle sound before adding "He's the first Human animal hybrid captured to indicate Human intelligence. Despite acting primitive in his animalistic form. Other hybrids captured have appeared to be more animalistic in nature with no interest in regaining their humanity. Despite failure happened repeatedly. They were put down executed once it was obvious that they were a threat to Humans seeing them as their food source. Huntsman as he's dubbed being alive at the moment despite being a threat to Humans is mostly due to him showing behaviors and signs of grasping Human intelligence. He appearing to grasp Human speech to use as his communication of people's rude he calls it treatment towards him."
He saw General Heller look at the female Your Excellency while adding seeing her looking at him instead of at the male, saying "Good luck on getting him to talk Your Excellency. He has ignored people's attempts to get him conversational. Only talks whenever he's in a certain angry mood to speak mostly threats over and over all themed of sucking people's hearts out to eat as always. Besides none of the doctors have succeeded in getting him to talk on anything else than his threats' subject. Can hit by anything or anytime his mood has reached the point for him to say his themed words."
Huntsman felt fed up with standing there turned his back lowering his arms and went to grab his jumpsuit he picked up only to hear from General Heller "Excuse me Huntsman, simply toss that to me. I have another one for you to wear."
He turned around to glare at General Heller that toss a piece of folded orange colored clothing at his feet. He without a comment tossed his original jumpsuit and ignoring the visitors at the doorway put on the new jumpsuit while zipping it up and went to his bed to sit down only to smell blood exciting him enough to shut his eyes forcing his hands into fists digging into the palms. He heard voices talking and ignored them till the familiar door slamming shut sound was heard is when he relaxed and found himself into his earthworm form banging onto the door of the cell. 
The smell of blood coming from the small window he hearing Your Excellency speaking "General Heller what's with fucker banging on the door in his earthworm form?" 
Huntsman heard in response "The smell of Human blood always triggers Huntsman's animal side to come out period. Hence females with no chances of having their bloody courses started due to pregnancies, some permanent status of having baby carrier removed or at the proper age of when their courses stopped on a permanent basis. Have always been used for testing him due to him indicating on being a ladies' man to behave properly whenever tested. He's always belligerently angry towards males enough to use voice threats themed heart sucking aimed at them and not cooperating on whenever they pull tests onto him over and over. Hence they dependant onto females to see for his well being whenever they require tests to be done." 
He kept up the banging till there was a banging noise and found the smell of blood went away. He found himself back into his human form feeling exhausted enough to sleep. He went to the bed and laid onto his back pulling the blanket up to his chest and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to smelling something familiar underneath his nose waking him up. Huntsman finding himself restrained in his familiar restraint bed while naked again seeing the familiar feminine testers covered in white examining him as before.
Huntsman snarled loudly "Who's this female named Your Excellency this General Heller called her she calling him by the worded name of General Heller?"
He glared at a female tester who's face was covered up in a black mask to hear an electronic voice coming from a device on her chest flashing red at each word "Your Excellency you refer her is in a ruler ship position hence she given the wording for her title name which is actually a title. General Heller is codename for the military leader in position of this nation of United States for the Long River Place State's military group. So cooperate now as we test you for any medical distress problems."
He kept his mouth shut and glared at the ceiling in response as the testers resumed their poking and prodding onto him. General Heller came into view with the female Your Excellency he looked seeing that they were accompanied by guards. About five of them covered up in armor like clothing and having guns pointed at him while gathered around his bed. 
He eyed General Heller with a glare who spoke "Interesting that he's asking questions about the both of us."
Huntsman smelled blood abruptly gave out a growling sound to find himself changing into his earthworm form getting off the bed as the armored guards went to surround General Heller and Your Excellency. 
He found himself back into Human form crouched onto the floor baring his teeth and growling angrily eyes onto the male leader who spoke "I think its best to leave now. Guards escort us out now." 
He gave up a roaring sound of nonsense and charged towards the guards catching darts shot at him and tossing them back aimed at the armored manoids seeing them stick into the people. Not getting knocked down as he again smelled blood triggering his earthworm ability. Huntsman charged at the guards knocking each of them aside and pounced onto General Heller knocking him aside hearing him swear fuck words including becoming silent. He buried his mouth into the male's body right over the heart area while hearing him screaming of terror. He continued to dig into the male's body breaking skin and bone till he reached the heart organ. He yanked out killing the male who became silent then swallowed the organ whole and then eyed the Your Excellency while smelling blood further. Huntsman changed into his Human form finding himself refused to budge on going back into his earthworm form or going near her. Instead remained crouched over General Heller's dead body and not moving with eyes narrowed she looking nervous seeing him look at her. He kept eyeing her back touching the wall looking really nervous while wiping blood from her leaking nose with her sleeves of her blue jacket over and over. Till guards came into view and got her out of the room as his two familiar testers came back into the room once the door was shut and stood waiting. Huntsman bared his teeth and charged towards the two testers to throw fists aimed at them to see them fall backwards hearing electricity zapping sounds coming from them as their heads fell off indicating them as machines. He felt a familiar urge attacked a tester's body thrusting his sensitive part onto the machine's feminine area. Huntsman kept on moving while rubbing a hand onto his own sensitive part still covered by the jumpsuit up and down seemingly lengthy. Willing away the mating urge to go away till the door to the room was heard opened he ignoring the noise to keep up his mating behaviors. He felt a prick of pain in his neck making him sleepy and passed out unconscious as he spilled himself from his hand's movements. 

Huntsman woke up from bed in his cell still clad in his jumpsuit feeling a familiar urge stripped himself of the jumpsuit tossing it aside onto the floor and hit the toilet. He washed himself fully once done then went to the bed to lie down feeling himself still urge for mating. Huntsman grabbed his sensitive part rubbing a hand up and down it. He while exhaling breath and inhaling from the movements including feeling himself refusing to spill despite his efforts and urges to feel like needing relief from it. He lay on the bed hand rubbing his sensitive part till smoke fogged up the cell making him cough violently till he fell asleep. Huntsman woke up finding himself chained in some bed with arms manacled to the headboard. He looking around finding it looked like some version of his cell but this time it only had a big bed with a headboard and footboard. He sensing himself spied at to find a hooded figure peering over the footboard green eyes appearing Human seen. The eyes he saw were seen peeking at him before revealing the form of a naked female Human wearing a hood covering the head and a mask on the face showing only green Human like eyes. He frowned eyeing her as she got onto the bed after climbing over the footboard in some limber animalistic move before getting onto him to straddle. He gasped of pleasure as her hands grabbed his sensitive part rubbing it up and down before thrusting it inside her. He feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her and then spilled himself inside her. She stopped rocking him to strip off her hood. He seeing her showing a face having circular jewels on her forehead and jewels on her cheeks and two huge sticking out fanged teeth and growling in some nasty tone while hearing a gunshot sound. She collapsing on top of him in a still form with breathing not felt as smoke fill up the room. He passed out unconscious to come to feeling a compulsion to wake up. He obeyed to find himself back in his cell clad in his jumpsuit and nothing on his feet and his mating urge stopped for now. Despite feeling some odd familiar awareness sensed hitting him he recalled involved his offsprings helping him out of captivity in Yukon. Huntsman felt confused as to how they got onto Long River State Island of Three Mile Island as the facility is named, where the facility he's staying in is. 
He recalled mating with the fanged teeth female to realize with a start "The doctors' thought they killed her by shooting her. Only to not stop the process of offspring forming within her body. That has already burst out and is traveling around the facility exploring the place. It seeing what they can do to get me out for safety." 
Huntsman pretended to be tired lied his back onto the wall while sitting on the bed and shuts his eyes forming a concentration look on his face. Huntsman wound up doing that instead lying on his side whenever offsprings are detected nearby him in the facility as always doing that movement to indicate that. He always feeling annoyance whenever the offsprings' death is detected. He adjusted position to cross his legs and shuts his eyes to see through his offsprings' senses. Senses about multiple number of them born from the female coming out from an opening between her legs. They appearing to be smaller sized than the normal giant sized as more offspring kept coming out from between the female's legs through an opening. Till a whole pile uncounted is gathered while she's contained in some metal box to see the earthworms travel themselves underneath the bed she's on to hide attached to the bottom and wait as the box's light comes on. Then the woman is pulled out and the earthworms drop to the floor scattering in one direction towards an air grate in the wall all going through it and disappearing out of sight. He stops concentrating as there's a familiar door opening sound to find armored guards come into the room grabbing him and roughly haul him to a wheelchair to sit chained into it. Then push him with some escorting to a hallway seemingly passed doors of metal while hearing various animal sounds seemingly coming from them. He got taken to another room through a doorway at the end of the hallway. He saw the room was holding darkness inside it but a spotlight and sensed a figure standing behind the spotlight. 
He can't see the figure's details as an electronic male voice was heard speaking "Talk on the offsprings that the spider woman had. Catching one coming out from within her and you displaying a twin look to offsprings loose in the facility again as always." 
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "I'll suck your heart out once I get the chance to do it you fucking bastard." 
He glared at the figure as the electronic voice spoke "Inappropriate language is not necessary, Huntsman. So again talk on your offsprings' location now." 
He clamped his mouth shut to see the figure making a pointing gesture with a hand appearing to be a male. He looked to see a spotlight shine over a see through box on a table where there was a small earthworm inside it to see an armored guard arrive carrying a knife.
Again hearing from the male "That's your offspring came from the spider woman. So talk or I'll have the guard slice the thing in pieces starting now." 
He eyed the earthworm warily to look away shutting his eyes. Huntsman sensed nothing from the animal in the see through box. 
He realized "Its not one of mine but came from another source."
Huntsman sensed his offsprings traveling through the air ducts as their called and reaching a grating appearing to be above him nearby.
Huntsman mentally speaking "Get out while you can to safety now!"
He opened his eyes to look around the room and spotted a grate above the figure before resuming on shutting his eyes. Huntsman mentally finding the offsprings over the grating gathered in a pile had figured out the figure's location and were planning on dropping onto him. 
He opened his eyes and spoke towards the male still in his position "Go fuck yourself you fucker." 
He heard fuck spoken from the figure in response in a Human male voice along with speaking "Argh! Get them off of me now! Get off!"
Huntsman smirked seeing the figure jerk around tearing at himself. He sensed his offspring multiple times landing onto the male and burrowing themselves into the male's body's bare skin including getting through his clothes via holes while seeking his heart organ to eat away onto it repeatedly over and over. Till the man collapsed onto the floor sensing he's too overcome from the worms entering him from still form felt. Along with feeling annoyance take hold as armored figures arrive spraying smoke onto the male repeatedly over and over. Sensing the progress of the eating come to a stop along with sensing all of his offspring is within the man's body in some frozen status as the man stopped his moving. 
He spoke loudly as the armored guards removed the male via stretcher while still spraying smoke onto him from a canister "Fuck you, you fucker for I meant it when I said I'll suck your heart out." 
He glared at the spotlight as the male and armored guards walked out of sight as a new figure walked into view. Huntsman squinting from the lights glare blocking his way of seeing what the figure looked like. 
A familiar male electronic voice spoke "Nice trick Huntsman, on having your offspring target me but nice try on that targeting idea. I didn't trust you to do anything serious towards me. Via use of your offspring. I had someone stand in my place. That victim wound up the victim of the targeting just to get a hold of your offsprings. All of them detected coming out of spider woman numbers counted and them evading capture till they targeted a victim who was bait for a trap actually." 
He snarled a growling sound growling out "Go fuck yourself, ahh-"
He grimaced from the feeling of electrical jolts hitting him from the wheelchair's chain manacles. Huntsman kept up the ahh sound as the electricity kept on charging through him till he panted for breath once the charging stopped to his relief. 
Huntsman glared at the figure while gasping for breath as the voice spoke "Your language is not appropriate for talking use. I'm disappointed that your language influences was from the books you've were given to read involving those inappropriate wording used. You should have realized that those words were not appropriate for speaking but for reading only. Be careful of what you say to me now."
Huntsman spoke after catching his breath "Just who are you anyway and why am I meeting you now?"
He frowned eyeing the figure as the voice spoke "I run things around this facility as its leader, Huntsman. Interesting name that you're using as your call name despite identified via a test of who you really are. Mostly by national law states that everyone's DNA must be registered into the registry. You have family living from your original family line. Mostly during your time before you became what you are partially animal partially Human. And if you cooperate I'll see that the knowledge of who you really are family wise given to you. Might answer some questions of this partial animal ability you seem to have. I suggest you cooperate and you'll get the answers you've been seeking Huntsman."
Huntsman frowned but kept his mouth shut and gave a Human styled head bob in response as the voice added "Take him back to his cell now." 
Huntsman wound up finding himself drugged as if knocked out unconscious.

Huntsman lay on his bed staring at the ceiling from the memory of being knocked out by a guard injecting him a drug in his neck then waking up in his cell fully in his mind. He recalling that he had managed to cooperate behaving properly for an uncounted days despite no change in routines or anything indicating of his family on rewarding him for his behaviors. He held a book in his hands he just finished reading it.
It saying "There's Humans dubbed Bloody always male in some term" making him confused on whether it was fiction or truth "seemingly having the ability to live lengthy with no aging seen. With no animalistic side seen and only marked by two front teeth fanged. Some skin sensitivity to the sun. Only surviving onto essence liquid called blood flowing within both animals and manoids. The blood is to be used into in some pure healthy form. Instead of having some kind of disease in it that would be terminal in them enough to kill them off. Despite them dubbed not killable and feared by the Human race. The Humans didn't seem to be accepting of their leadership control abilities over them. Despite some of them tolerating them having leadership to speak on behalf of the Bloody species. Mostly for keeping peaceful terms between the Humans and their species in peace period." 
He frowned as read "Human females born with some skin disease in their blood system dubbed Sonya by the first female having that disease detected. Is making them always sensitive to the sun were always paired to the Bloody all male species. It's from proven capable of forming offsprings from the mating with the males. The Sonya females carrying them to a three month term before birthing them. With no side effects of the baby sucking them from within or dying from the birth. Despite the offsprings doing it to normal Human females not having that skin disease. Kills them once the baby is born. Being sucked too much and that drinking blood wouldn't help them. The offspring's sucking concentrated onto their mother's body's system's functions to function for themselves to grow before getting to the size enough to get birthed out."
He shut the book once reaching the last page to place it down onto the floor and eyed the ceiling with a frown. Huntsman recalling reading some sexual themed six book series about six Bloody male species. First book focused onto a male in a King leadership leading an all male small group of the species from a dying planet about to be destroyed by a planetary disaster of burning itself out escaping the planet due to not having females to preserve their species via space ship going in space. The space ships using the burned out status via planet's explosion to propel the vehicle through space in a fast move taking one fully standard Human day till their ship crash landed on a planet. The planet later identified as Terra in the Human year of one thousand in some area dubbed Alaska during the winter time. The natives of the town of Norman helping them recover from the crashing including introducing the species to the other Humans of the North American continent despite balking on doing it elsewhere in the planet. He continued to remember the story involved some Humans were willing to help them gain females for carrying their offspring. It was from manipulating pregnant female Humans to have their daughters be capable of mating with the Bloody males to form offspring from them. Due to complaints from the species of females dying from birthing their offsprings on the planetary world they came from dubbed Pluto as its official Human name despite not having a name for it before. He frowned as he coughed again from the smoke fogging up his cell. He shut his eyes to come to finding himself chained in his familiar wheelchair. Huntsman found himself wearing a head mask covering his head blocking his eyesight of where he was while hearing voices faintly talking in tones that seemed too low for him to hear. He fidgeted in the wheelchair to shake his head indicating waking up from sleeping status to feel the mask yanked off. He blinked his eyes from the glare of firelight shining in the room from torches to see sitting in front of him at a desk was a male Human with pale white Human like skin while having Human black eyes that creep him out. Along with long Canadian American like black hair wearing some suit and having two males standing next to him with similar looks of skin, eyes and hair color but their hair was shorter. They appeared to be twins while wearing some armored clothes of guards with helmets in their arms and gun weapons peeking out from behind their backs. Huntsman took a look around the room finding scattered around five males of various dressy or armored clothes with twin skin tones, various hair lengths and twin eyes again creeping him out. He focused onto the male seated at the desk who bared his upper teeth making him gasp seeing two were fanged.
Huntsman realized with a start "The books I've read about the Bloody species wasn't a joke but the truth about there being species dubbed Bloody with the teeth indicating them as that." 
He exhaled a breath and inhaled while eyeing the male seated at the desk who moved his mouth in words. 
He heard an electronic male voice sounding familiar coming from him saying "Greetings Huntsman. So we meet face to face finally. It's quite an honor actually to meet the first Bloody descendant from our dubbed planet Pluto here in front of us." 
Huntsman stiffened from the male's words as the male continued still using the electronic voice "I admit it that there were three space ships that left our planet before the disaster hit and landed on Terra. One of the ships was containing the Humans that were our slaves and food source. The second contained a small military group of my species males like myself and my companions here. Females having animalistic nature of changing into animals and back to Human forms like what was happening on Pluto, instead of that skin disease sent to get the Humans back to our planet. Both ships according to evidence in Brazil as that nation is called crashed onto Terra in some terrible damaging fight with each other. There were some deaths from that and that the survivors managed to get into some agreement to get along in peace and wound up mating with each other. The animalistic nature got passed down onto males instead of just focused onto females. There's a lucky few offspring descendants that have inherited the ability to live very lengthy are still living in the present day. The original survivors wound up dying out including the Bloodies themselves. Only one of those off springs' own offspring from that group remains alive and is seated in front of me." 
He stiffened from the male's words as the male continued "Yes. You're an offspring from an offspring of the survivors. Hence it explaining why you're outliving normal manoid life spans for someone who has Humanity in him including having an animalistic nature." 
Huntsman exhaled a breath while giving out a loud gasp sound to his shock as the male continued ignoring his noises "I'm dubbed Nightwalker officially as my name to the government officials of the affairs of the Human race. Their are aware that I'm a part of the Bloody species and the Bloodies' leader that came from Pluto in the third ship that brought the survivors of the disaster to Terra. We crashed landed according to your books into this state of Alaska in the Human calendar year of one thousand."
He gave up another gasp sound as Nightwalker kept talking "I wound up given this leadership position of running this facility officially for Humans with animalistic natures that see Humans as nourishment. That's due to my people have proven over and over since our crash some uncanny ability on knowing how to easily control animalistic Humans that see Humans as nourishment despite Humans having trouble doing it themselves. That includes being responsible for creating that trap that caught you and facility in Yukon, Canada built all around you. Curiosity hitting us at the time of you seemingly living too long to think that you could have been a descendant of our people crashed landed onto Terra. It's from finding evidence of our ships' pieces scattered in Brazil. The natives living there not doing a thing to the ships' destruction instead left them as monuments and the belief of coming off planet passed down. Despite our species and the Pluto planet not passed down at all."
He again gave off another gasp of shock followed by clamping his mouth shut forming a frown. 
Nightwalker continued talking still using the electronic voice "I can explain why I'm using technology to speak for me. I don't have a voice ability despite we males have some kind of mental mind talking ability. There's a lucky few that can use voice abilities to speak words towards manoids. Others have to resort to using hand language gestures invented back then by a Human trying to communicate with me and unable to hear my mental talk for speaking my words and having to depend on lucky others with the voice abilities to speak for me. This Human turned out to be my own female who later passed away after her Human life span came to an end who invented the hand language. She had it taught in schools as a requirement among offspring to learn. Including various official spoken languages for each state. Despite English used as the nation's official language at the moment. Besides it was a Human who invented this speaking technology for people who lost the use of their voice from the nation of Great Brittany that got adopted in America. Despite sign language still popularity used among people who don't have a voice or don't have any hearing either."
Huntsman frowned further hearing Nightwalker's words as the male continued talking "By the way the ships and technology littering Brazil was ordered to be examined by my people. The United States government noticing how advanced we were with space technology ordered us to examine the tech in that nation. Despite not realizing that they were our ships due to that our ships and the ship we used were different. All of that tech littering Brazil and in Alaska was detonated to blow up by the survivors of the Alaska crash trying to keep others from using the ships to escape the planet. They were set off by programmed computer command and blown up. As a result of using our own orbiting satellite space technology to coordinate the explosions once we were safely away from our original ship in the air via some plane to Brazil. The United States government stopped pestering us about examining the technology once they were completely destroyed. They haven't yet found our satellite orbiting their planet. They making their own advances in space technology themselves. That thing was ordered to explode once the explosions of the ships was detected successful. It's what happened. Natives in the Atalanta sea on some sea boat later claiming some complaints of seeing some bright sunlight in the night sky that is still unexplained to this day by scientists confused on an answer." 
He spoke as Nightwalker became silent appearing to look like he was laughing despite no sound "Why are you telling me this talk anyway?"
He heard blared in his mind unexpectedly "This freak is sounding like he doesn't believe a word you're saying Kingship." 
Huntsman spoke out loud in response "Hello? Who blared that talk calling me a freak? I resent being called by that word from people. Believe me I'll suck your heart out for doing it."
He narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at the males in the room who ignored him and kept their attention onto Nightwalker he assumed was his name while looking at the male.
Huntsman heard a male voice blast in his mind sounding angry "It appears that Huntsman has inherited some ability to eavesdrop onto mental talk via males of our species onto other males." 
He kept his eyes onto Nightwalker in response as the male opened his mouth and again heard the familiar electronic voice speaking "Hmm interesting that Huntsman is indicating on hearing your mental chatter only, Achilles. Despite others chattering loudly. Proves that he and you are related via family blood ties. I'm not kidding. For it appears that your Father's twin brother mated with a survivor of the crashes that resulted in offspring who later had Huntsman through someone else descendant of that group. Judging by the facial appearance looking twin to yours at the moment." 
Huntsman frowned looking around at the males to see one off his right leaning against the wall wearing an armor suit underneath a long black jacket was staring at him fully with a glare on his face. The male having short spiky black hair and looking familiar to him while having arms folded before looking away towards Nightwalker and making hand gestures. 
He not getting the words only to hear from the Bloodies' leader "That's enough of the insults, Achilles, despite the use of hand language used. He is related to you period. DNA test taken once that was invented and later compared against us turned out positive for a family relations. The test of comparison was taken due to indicating of some Bloody species normal behavior towards blood smelled and detected from males of the Human species and targeted them in some feeding method. Blood detected from Human females and not targeting them and then later acting like needing to mate badly. Which is what happened to Huntsman here hence the test taken on whether he was related to any one of us. Proves this relation towards Achilles here." 
Huntsman frowned hearing that as he eyed the Bloody male Achilles he assumed was his name that made a middle finger gesture aimed at him before resuming folding his arms. Nightwalker paused from talking which he felt himself annoyed shift to glare at the Bloody species' leader he assumed was Nightwalker's position. 
He narrowed his eyes aimed at Nightwalker who again spoke "You have much to learn, Huntsman about us and your heritage. So knock him out with the medicine. See that he's given the proper books detailing us truthfully that is used by the military's government officials once they reach their titled General positions via promotions to learn about us. Despite our species still not acknowledged publicity among the public in the United States and its lands controlled by its President. As the truth and only accepted in fiction terms at the moment."
He felt a needle inject itself into his neck making him sleepy. He shut his eyes and passed out unconscious to come to finding himself back in his cell itching to use the toilet from the feel. Huntsman proceeded to do and found a rack hanging off the wall on his left holding a washcloth and a towel. He proceeded to use the wash cloth for washing himself thoroughly using water from the sink along with drying himself before going to his jumpsuit to again hear the door sliding open behind him as he picked up the clothing. He sighed and turned around hand still holding onto the jumpsuit to find a Bloody he assumed was Achilles by the face looking familiar standing in the doorway with eyes narrowed. Achilles was appearing to scrutinize him up and down not sparing his sensitive part before backing up and the door sliding shut in response. He put on the jumpsuit and found a box on the floor next to the toilet. He figuring out that one of the guards must have put it there while Achilles was distracting him from noticing its placing. Huntsman went to it easily tearing it open finding the material flimsy to his taste. He found it contained six large sized books that were on the thin side by pages but seemed its large size indicated files' copied to him and formed into books for him to read. He picked up all the books in a pile and carried it to his bed. Huntsman picked up on top a book titled Achilles in black typing on its cover on top of the other books all piled in one pile all having yellow covers to open the book and resumed reading its contents. 
He found it detailed "The Bloody species by observations of Human scientists examining six of them as willing test subjects in the year of one thousandth twenty after they were found a year earlier. Despite others refusing to be tested and this book file was set to be about one of them dubbed Achilles by the Human scientists. They giving those six their dubbed names which were after six known famous males in Terra's ancient history before calendars were created and invented to tell dated cycles of a year. Communication methods back then were based off invented sign language via a Human female pairing herself to one of them indicated as their leader and mate friend of him. She doing lots of work on getting them to understand the hand gestures' talk and them communicating back. Communication became clear some time later on why they weren't talking. Despite efforts to get them to talk which is when they explained their mental mind talking ability." 
He frowned as he continued to read detailing "Achilles had some super speed ability like the other Bloody males when it comes to running. All Bloody males out running normal manoids' speeds. His heels always hurt and given him problems walking after doing such lengthy running in tests. Hence he dubbed the name of Achilles after a famous assassin fighter. Mostly after the Achilles assassin known during wars in Europe back in Terra's ancient history that suffered a twin problem. Only concentrated onto one heel giving him the problem of suffering pain that caused him to limp visibly after being on his feet too long which didn't matter if he was fighting in a war or not." 
Huntsman continued to read the book "Achilles lived up to his namesake's fight first then talk later's reputation. Detailed in Terra's ancient historical written documents and stories of the male passed down verbally. He was later brought down by an arrow hitting his leg in a war battle by an unidentified to this day shooter. His opponent some unidentified fighter took advantage of his hurt status to unmercifully cut off his sword arm unstopped. Followed by later cutting off his head once dead and used the head as a trophy in the battle towards Achilles' people to show that their fighter was dead just to ruin their moral. Got them angry enough to fight back harder and win the battle. That including killing the fighter who killed Achilles himself. Hacked the fighter's body to pieces dumping it into the ocean. Happened after word came out via prisoners and victors both witnesses, to Achilles' family the male who cut off Achilles' head didn't give Achilles mercy for his lame status from an arrow hitting his leg. Achilles' own side of the war's people doing mercy towards the fighter in question. Showed some lameness status repeatedly involving a foot after knocking aside his sword out of his hand. Ignoring him to go fight with someone else multiple times after having confrontations with the male starting fights with them." 
He frowned reading that as he continued "The Bloody Achilles had a loyalty servant attitude towards one of the six tested Bloodies shared with four others doing the same. The Human scientists figured out why six of them agreed for the testing without resistance. Despite others of the ship resisting to the capture methods and escaping into the wilderness to hide very well undetected. They wanted to communicate with the natives of the planetary world of Terra despite coming from the sky." 
He continued to read "The Bloody indicating leadership of the Bloodies was pointed out to be Achilles who used hand language communication repeatedly. They slow to get it his talk that he wasn't the leader but was pointing out who was the leader. Him always coming forwards towards Humans scientists to indicate that. They assuming he was the leader till the Human female dubbed Aria got a hold of both of them and managed to form some easily get it hand language communication signs. Both acquired and Achilles' gestures figured out what he was indicating. The six males had ranks in their leadership on controlling others of their own kind. According to the rank of their six societies social groups. Achilles was on the lowest rank of the leadership group focused onto war to control fighters and used for protecting others of the leadership group. Hence his behavior towards the Human scientists making them think leadership. It was protection actually." 
Huntsman frowned further "Once communication was established clearly via Aria herself is when the leadership and its six ranking groups came out. Including the Bloodies interests in communicating with the planetary world's natives. Hence they allowing themselves to get caught for that to happen. Wanting to explain that they were survivors of a planetary world's destruction of exploding from some burning up status. Wanted sanctuary in Terra to live among the planetary world's natives. Was secretly jointly agreed by the President and Monarchy ruler at the time towards their species. The knowledge of them walking among the manoid species and being blood suckers was insisted on being kept secret from the public. To avoid a panic among the Humans already having to fight with animalistic manoids targeting them for nourishment repeatedly happening over and over all over Terra. Didn't want the Bloodies' existence to make them more panicky on not living normally and always living in fear of being sucked to death by a Bloody. "
He kept reading "The knowledge of the Bloodies was only passed down via Generals in the United States' military members promoted to the position. They holding the knowledge secretly to themselves. They holding the position for life till they pass away from medical ailments or death of old age. It is when the position would be handed down to someone worthy of having it keeping the secret of the Bloodies themselves."
Huntsman came to the end of the file to read the rest of the files finding information in them twin to Achilles' files. Differences on their names their dubbed by their behavior and including their society's leadership's ranks. 
He found the file on Nightwalker labeled Julian he read "Nightwalker after communication was established indicated that he wouldn't take the Julian name. Preferred some other name instead despite being the King and highest ranked leader of the Bloodies themselves. A Human female dubbed Aria by Human Scientists due to refusing to give out her identity. She despite known to have no hearing ability taught him and his people easily to get it hand language. She was used as a communicator between them and the Human Scientists. She writing down in English the words that the Bloodies were signing to her. The Humans still slow getting the hand language used as taught to the Bloodies and themselves for communications' purposes. This after a written record and drawing of the hand signs complete language dictionary was made by Aria a year later and published. It is when the Human scientists were finally able to communicate to the Bloodies what they wanted without her help. Including teaching the species how to get it the English's spoken language. Including writing in it for communicating wants towards people if they didn't know sign language. Long before it became a law for sign language to be learned period. Included the United States' land history including Terra's history involving the names of people they dubbed the six Bloodies." 
He reads "One dubbed the name of King David after an attitude of acting like a monarch ruler towards the Human Scientists alone. Never in front of his companions. On communication was established was fully given the dubbed name of David instead of his original name of King David. They already had a titled ruler by the same titled name. Omitting David that was after an ancient Terra male of that name who defeated another King in a one to one battle that was acting like a bully towards people. David challenged the King in a fight and won. He became King and always acted King towards people serving him in his residences but never that King like among the commoners." 
He reads "The second Bloody was dubbed Ares. Ares, a reported male during ancient Terra times for starting fights among an ancient European's city's people. By telling lies to people by claiming that another person said that lie to him. Gets them fighting each other while he stood by looking amused. The city's people figured out the stunt and had him executed. Dubbed him Ares as an excuse to passing down the story to children. To always tell the truth to people instead of speaking lies to cause fights. Seeing this Bloody's facial expression looking amused whenever Bloodies appear to have arguments and fights among each other. This Bloody staying out of the fighting battles having his familiar amused expression on his face witnessing the fight. 
Turns out was his species facial expression speak for 'I can foot your seat easily if you fight me.'" 
Huntsman read "The fourth Bloody was dubbed Apollo for being the first of the Bloodies to wake up from some sleeping status. As always whenever Human scientists came into the room despite trying to sneak onto them for some testing. That Bloody would glare at them with teeth bared followed by other Bloodies waking up in response. That Bloody always wakes up first from sleeping status. Despite attempts to test them sleeping who has always prevented that from happening till communication was established. That one Bloody in a group of Bloodies is given the job by instincts of waking up Bloodies. If there's any manoids or animals near them regardless of them harmless or not. He was named according to the file after some ancient continent city's Human male. That blew a horn in the city at night time repeatedly after discovering invaders trying to scale the city's fortress walls. Blew the horn in warning waking up the city's inhabitants. Despite dying from the invaders' sword weapons after he blew the horn repeatedly. Stabbed all over and kept blowing it till he was fatally silenced by head chopped off. The name of Apollo wound up given to that male in honor of saving the city from invaders. That the city managed to wake up in time to fight the invading army off and out of their city to defeat them. The survivors of the invading army were forced to travel in the direction of where there was endless sandy ground. They threatened not to leave the path of the sandy ground or be killed off by animals targeting manoids. There was no word of those invaders since. The area explored fully and finding multiple manoid bones revealed by the winds blowing sands all over the place. Nothing on them to indicate who they were."
Huntsman reads "The fifth Bloody was dubbed Benjamin after an American inventor who discovered electricity. Benjamin always kept on inventing various uses for electricity including improving primitive work to work electrically. Benjamin the Bloody was dubbed for always nosily tinkering with the Human scientists' machines of testing them. Sometimes causing damage or improving its functions and fooling around with their medical devices. By copying what they were doing onto the Bloodies by grabbing their devices and doing the behavior onto the Humans themselves. Once communication was established was trying to see if the Humans would feel the exact same way they were feeling from being tested with their medical devices. Sometimes brought pain and thinking that their machines he was tinkering with they were using for tests needed improvements to function better. He sensing them seemingly not well built to his standards. The Humans needed to build better machines."
He read "The Bloody who dubbed himself Nightwalker dubbed Julian at first. He learned that his name Julian was taken from a Human who bore that name. First brought the Human scientists' attention of the Bloodies themselves found in Alaska after landing their ship in it. Blew up in a fireball this Julian said to be brave enough to find the source of the fire and finding their species. Later his body found indicated of being sucked to death indicated a new species. The Bloodies' leader later in a written communication after learning English and the origin of his Julian name. Admitted that the space ship crash caused the survivors to be ravenously hungry enough to target the nearest manoid and animal for feeding off of to death. Hence Julian found with no blood in his body and appearing to be sucked to death completely."
He continued to read "Nightwalker later admitted via written communications after asked on how much blood they normally could take to leave a manoid alive told the Human scientists to think of another name for him. Not wanting to be named after the Human he was responsible for draining to death due to being injured too much. Julian who was said to found him outside the ship's fireball area lying in the ground unconscious. Nightwalker's people in hiding and unable to wake him up due to fearing that he was dead. Julian the Human according to his people spying onto them both managed to fix his visibly seen injuries of leaking blood on his face indicating of a head injury and of a broken arm. He later woke up and he returned the helping favor by feeding off of him killing him to death. Thinking that the Human caused his injuries and was trying to fix him up. To cause further injuries without realizing that the crash caused them in the first place." 
He kept reading "Nightwalker communicated that his own people came out of hiding after he drained Julian to death. To admit to him that he had the injuries from the crash and that the Human appeared to be helping him heal. It is when it came out his attitude of thinking that the male caused him to be hurt in the first place wound up corrected. Nightwalker ordered six of them to be captured easily by the planetary world's natives for communication purposes. His own command leaders chose the positions and he forced to take the sixth position himself due to them doing it." 
Huntsman reads the file "The name of Nightwalker wound up picked. His species indicated some terrible skin sensitivity to the sun and daylight hours. Causing them to get burning like burnt rashes on their skin if it's exposed to the light of daylight or sunlight. The night of the moon shining or not shining has indicated of them not suffering anything to their skin hence he dubbed Nightwalker." 
He came to a part in the file detailing "The species name of Bloody wound up picked by the Human Scientists who originally called them Suckers. Nightwalker on communication insisted on the name changed. For labeling their species for that sucker or suckers was actually an insult word. Traditionally used in feuds between feuding family members of their species arguing on who got to feed first. There a similar to the animal wolf species' pack leadership in the family membership involving titled Alpha. Didn't matter if the leader was male or female. With opposite genders of other packs including Alphas competing to mate with pack leaders' Alphas. Breeding was used between a chosen to lead male and female but not for life period in the pack group. When breeding season hit is when competition would resume again resulting in new leaderships." Huntsman came to a part of the file "The name of Bloody wound up taken up by the Bloodies. A female Human scientist using the word Bloody towards Benjamin when indicating on wanting her paper written padded notes back. He had annoyed her by grabbing them out of her hands and was attempting to read them. It's when the name Bloody stuck as their species name and still used to this day."
He continues to read "Recently as one thousandth and eighty eight is when the Generals anonymously backing editors to manipulate chosen authors. Via some manipulation onto them to write out some Bloody species related story idea. To write books about their species in half truths and half fiction terms using various genres just to see what the public's reaction would be."
He reads "The stories always included the truth of Bloodies very strongly. Making them indicate on able to easily control manoids having animalistic sides that targeted manoids for nourishments. The Bloodies always having success in doing such control over such manoids with those abilities. Including responsible for thinking of various successful traps to catch the targeting manoid. Animalistic side of a manoid always using a dead manoid as bait. Those animalistic manoids always have fallen into the traps and contained with no way of getting out. Till the Bloodies arrive to handle the transportation of getting them to revert to manoid form as always. And to the facility of Three Mile Island, in Long River Place State for further containment and testing out onto their Human intelligence. Before determining on whether to putting them down on a permanent basis once it was obvious that the manoid was too animalistic hence the execution used." 
He reads in the file "There were exceptions of manoids kept alive and contained once they've shown acceptable levels of Human intelligence. That was very rarely shown despite one exception of a manoid dubbing himself Huntsman Shoots Deer acting Human like while contained in a trap" he reading to his annoyance. 
He reaches the end of the file to find a seventh file included in the pile that was stuck into the file with his name on it. 
He takes out and reads "The Bloodies were still being tested in a facility in Alaska's capital of Nome in the year of one thousandth thirty till one thousandth fifty. It is when they were let go and freed to live among the population. Given jobs of hunting down animalistic manoids feeding off manoids as their nourishment. They indicating that they wanted the job and its responsibilities. Summeran month of one thousandth fifty is when Huntsman was captured and a facility built in place surrounding his cell. Him kept on showing Human intelligence towards the scientists testing him. Him acting like indicating on being a manoid heart organ eater acting primitive and craving for Human heart organs. Judging by his earthworm form status shown in the presence of such an organ detected by indicating its by smelling it and unable to get to the organ to eat it. It is the same for smelling blood coming from manoids that makes him attack them for feeding." 
Huntsman frowns reading the file finding "Huntsman's sensitive part organ when mating in Human females that have the earthworm animal in them cancels out any offsprings from forming. Other Human females with no animalistic forms his sensitive part produces an earthworm egg. The Human female's baby carrier acts as in incubator getting the earthworm to burst out of the egg and grow a giant size while inside her to the point that she's showing gestation of a Human pregnancy before birth. The earthworm digs itself out of from within her by appearing to be instincts controlling it. The burst out earthworm leaving the female's body via abdomen area kills her instantly. Its body system acts like a poison while it's growing inside her. Traveling through to get out of her that the loss of the earthworm's body causes the female to undergo shock of heart failure that stops the heart organ and kills her instantly. Poison detected within her system from the earthworm responsible for causing her heart to stop. The earthworm once out of the female's body has indicated on some kind of human like intelligence towards the Father. By helping him escape from a facility and helping him avoid getting into traps. Recordings shown that the earthworms keep him in his earthworm form from going inside the trap. They get the manoid's body out of the trap. Sometimes trap them in the process once the bait is out completely for Huntsman to eat the heart organ." 
He kept reading "The earthworms born of Human females have indicated on only interested in eating food garbage. Turning the stuff into some kind of fertilized earth for food crops to grow better. Something common on their smaller sized earthworms not born of manoids."
Huntsman frowns reading "Animalistic Human females whether their alive or dead have always given birth to multiple normal sized earthworms number of ten to thirty as always. Regardless of their animalistic side. Not being of earthworm that seemed to be manoid heart eaters by targeting a manoid including the Mother's own body. After they come out if she's still alive and even if there isn't any manoids nearby, to dig themselves into the manoid's body. Reach the heart organ to eat away onto it followed by once done forms a colony in the manoid's body for producing other earthworms of manoid heart eating. Then once the colony has grown enough earthworms or the manoid's body gets to the point of breaking down where the colony can't survive is when they'll all leave. Travel elsewhere finding the nearest manoid to target for feeding and forming another colony in the manoid's body a cycle of doing it over and over." 
He came to the file "The exact reason for why Huntsman's head was shaved due to his hair kept on indicating on getting dirtiness of dirt in it. Same with his skin after he used an earthworm form to travel underground in a specialized cage. For testing him on his abilities on getting buried heart organs before resuming Human form. The status is known."
He frown reading that the file mentioned "Huntsman appeared to have blood staining his lips and around that area. After targeting manoids for feeding in getting their heart organs while in his earthworm form. Always not indicating the bloody look in that form till he resumes Human form is when that bloody status look is seen." 
Huntsman heard blasting in his mind startling him "Kingship says that's enough of you to read those files so hand them back now." 
He looked at the door to find Achilles with guards standing there. To see the Bloody give him a narrowed eyed glare while pointing a finger aimed at him and at a guard. He exhaled a breath and without a word picked up the files. Huntsman got up handing them to a guard who took them and walked out of sight. Achilles backed up with door shutting in his place. He glared at the door and looked down finding a familiar box on the floor on top of a tray. Yanked the box open to smell blood coming from it along with his form changing into an earthworm. He dug his mouth into the box finding something blocking his way of getting the heart organ. Huntsman picked at the object that appeared to have holes on it in small sized while seemingly unbreakable as he banged against it. He felt the object with his mouth to find it was a box of some kind. He forced himself to feel it finding it opened like the familiar box to put mouth inside only to find a cylinder that had blood in it from its stink and no heart organ. He felt annoyance take hold forced himself to shut the two boxes with his earthworm form to find himself back in his Human form. He got up from the floor and found the door opening again showing Achilles and guards he glared at with arms folded. 
Huntsman heard blared in his mind as a guard took the tray out of the cell, from Achilles "Your Excellency has got it to her mind that you have some kind of fucking intelligence while in your animal form. No one thinking of that before towards you than her thinking that shit now. Anyway she, Miss Shithouse I nickname her, wanted you tested on this intelligence. I warn you may involve the use of the caged room. Your nourishment put in boxes for you to open and get while she's observing you. Sorry can't say what's the reason for her thinking anyway." 
He glared at Achilles who backed up out of the cell followed by door shutting. He opened his mouth to speak which he clamped his mouth shut to again find the familiar box on a tray laying on the white colored floor. He gave up an Hmph sound loudly before going to the box yanking its cover back and again found himself in his earthworm form. Huntsman picked at the box inside finding the familiar box was inside it and again managed to open it and thrust his mouth inside to find a heart organ. He swallowed whole finding the organ was in its best shape making him annoyed. 
He figuring out "The best shaped organs indicated on me going into the caged room as always." 
He smelled further blood explored the box to find another cylinder of blood. He slammed the box shut then its cover box to find himself back into his Human form. Going to sit on the bed leaning against the wall to stiffen as pain hit him abruptly via chest. He rubbed the area while grimacing recalling it involved the death of his offsprings in earthworm form. He continued to feel the pain along with smelling the familiar smoke come into the cell that made him cough. He forced himself to lie down onto the bed and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Huntsman came to smelling something underneath his nose that made his jerk his head away and jerking his eyes open while finding himself again chained in a wheelchair still feeling the pain in his chest as the smelly object left him. He jerked his head up to find a see through long in length box in front of him holding a naked Human male's body on the bottom chained as he saw various earthworms come out of the male's body and struggle to reach the top of the box finding it was too long in length he saw had water in it that stopped their struggling and remained still and appeared to have died from the water hitting them as he continued to watch this process over and over feeling himself annoyed with having to see it. He kept grimacing as the pain hitting him as each earthworm died till he felt no more pains hitting him exhaled a breath through his mouth and inhaled through his nose to feel an object placed over his mouth and nose blowing air aimed at him that made him cough and shake his head struggling to get the object off him despite feeling it having straps attached around his head. He found himself passing out unconscious to come to finding himself in his familiar caged room lying on the dirt ground. He forced himself to get up looking around with a glare on his face as he saw through one of the box's walls the familiar female Your Excellency wearing some black mask covering the lower half of her face including her mouth leaving her upper face bared showing her eyes and hair in its familiar style while escorted by guards on a gangplank. Huntsman spotted Nightwalker standing next to her having a twin mask covering his mouth still clad in his familiar clothes with black Human eyes narrowed aimed in his direction. He eyed Your Excellency who's mask covered her throat too and found himself changing into an earthworm from the smell of blood hitting. He found himself pouncing onto the blood's source finding a familiar holey box which he examined with his mouth and managed to get it open to pounce onto its contents finding it only contained a cylinder tube smelling of blood. He slammed the box shut and went underground traveling via smell to find various holey boxes buried inside he managed to open sometimes finding a heart organ of Human he ate and animal he ignored. Sometimes a cylinder tube of blood inside them he felt annoyed to find till he felt water hitting abruptly from the feel of the earth becoming mud. Huntsman forced himself to the surface to change his form into a Human while feeling water spilling overhead in a fast move making him wet all over which he stood with arms folded feeling himself annoyed with the caged test done onto him. Huntsman didn't comment a response as he felt a stinging feeling in his neck along with sleepiness shut his eyes and slid to the ground as the rain water continued running passing out unconscious. 

Huntsman came to finding himself in his cell lying on his bed and from the feel of his clothes was wearing another type of jumpsuit that was twin to his jumpsuit but had differences to its style got up and hit the toilet after adjusting the jumpsuit to do expel. He did then adjusted the jumpsuit once done expelling back to its place to wash his hands thoroughly then went to sit down on the bed eyes onto the door. Huntsman wound up feeling himself annoyed with Nightwalker and Your Excellency for pulling this caged trap stunt onto him just to test his intelligence on his earthworm form. He glared at the door to his cell seemingly lengthy till the door slid open after a familiar buzz sound to find two guards coming into the cell kneeling on one knee and aiming their guns towards him. He saw behind them Your Excellency minus the mask with some feminine sneer look on her face making him grimace inwardly as he saw Nightwalker next to her still wearing his mask that didn't say a word. The female spoke loudly in gibberish to him he figuring out it was a foreign language. He eyed Nightwalker in response who held up a familiar pad and tapped it a few times with his finger and showed Your Excellency its contents who again spoke her familiar language he assumed is what she was speaking towards the male. He frowned eyeing them both back forth as they continued their conversation he assumed it was as Your Excellency kept up her foreign language chatter followed by Nightwalker keeping on tapping on the pad back and forth. 
He felt himself getting annoyed with their communication snarled loudly during a break of it, in English "Get the fuck out of here and resume your talk elsewhere. I'm not an object for you to look at for commenting about with your talk whatever the fuck your saying in that foreign language and your pad typing." 
He glared at Your Excellency whose eyes narrowed in a glare before she spoke he hearing her language in English "Interesting use of language the fucker is speaking despite taught various uses for the British's language." 
He glared at Nightwalker in response whose electronic voice was heard "I believe his influences in his inappropriate language was from wordings used in books he was given on various subjects he not getting the message that the use of such language for speaking was inappropriate." 
Huntsman got up from the bed to hear gun cocking noises from the guards as he stood with arms folded and gave Your Excellency a glare who spoke using the British's language "That's rather interesting but who's idea was it to give him those books in the first place? He should have been given books with appropriate wording for him to speak the British's language properly then taught about the use of the language."
He spoke before Nightwalker could comment a response "Forget the fucking books. I didn't get it from the books actually but from the guards and people hanging around me doing various tests including me resisting to their testing enough to use that inappropriate language in my face repeatedly over and over."
He clamped his mouth shut in a glare aimed at Nightwalker to see the male's eyes narrow with suspicion in them to hear from Your Excellency "Your sure you want to stick to your story of the inappropriate language use, Huntsman?"
Huntsman glared at Your Excellency who still had a sneer on her face despite the sarcasm tone used with her question which he snarled in response "Who's idea was to give me those fucking books with that inappropriate language in the first place? I could have avoided using the shitty inappropriate language if I wasn't given them." 
He glared at Your Excellency who he heard Nightwalker speaking "Interesting excuse Huntsman but it wasn't the books that gave you that inappropriate language in the first place but the Humans you targeted via yourself and your offsprings who spoke that language in your face actually. That's how he learned that inappropriate language in the first place due to that his victims were known to give off various inappropriate language to people once their family members were questioned on them they found a target of his earthworm form and his offsprings in question."
Huntsman felt his mood flatten hearing Nightwalker's words as he kept his eyes onto Your Excellency who spoke "What do you have to say Huntsman?"
He saw the sneer on her face and heard the sarcasm of her voice tone figured that they were tricking him on saying something folded his arms and spoke in response in an angry voice tone "Fuck you." 
He went to his bed to sit back leaning against the wall as he heard Nightwalker's voice speaking "Ah that phrase and voice tone means he figured out the verbal test used onto him he always giving off that wording in the same voice tone after he figures it out." 
Huntsman leaned against the wall arms still folded and eyed Your Excellency in response who spoke "Hmph he seems like a parrot echoing comments we spoke in British regarding his use of the inappropriate language." 
He glared at Your Excellency due to hating the word parrot spoken as he heard Nightwalker's voice speaking "He habitually parrots words spoken to him on subjects he indicates that he hates it such as the inappropriate language use subject he's parroting at the moment." 
Huntsman continued to eye Your Excellency who kept the sneer on her face as she spoke "Well what other subjects does he parrot hmm?"
He shifted to eye Nightwalker in response to see the male was tapping away on his pad in response and seemed lengthy before showing the contents to Your Excellency who spoke again "Oh that's interesting. Excuse me for switching languages but I have an idea I think you should know of without him knowing it." 
He heard her speaking in her familiar foreign language again to see Nightwalker resumed tapping his pad and showing its contents towards her who read its contents then spoke again seeing the both of them walk out of the cell followed by the guards pointing guns aimed at him backing out. This was followed by the door shutting closed in response with its familiar buzz sound. Huntsman shook his head feeling himself annoyed as he went to the door only to feel his foot kick something along with smelling blood triggering his earthworm side to come out. He found an open on its side box holding a familiar holey box that was dripping liquid out of its holes he with effort managed to right itself up along with opening the holey box to find a familiar cylinder inside again. He forced himself to shut both boxes and resumed his Human form despite urged to keep his earthworm form hitting him he forced himself to ignore to stomp to his bed to sit down laying his form down only to feel an indentation of a book hiding behind his pillow. 
He yanked out the book in response to glare at it finding it had Your Excellency on the cover by the face despite wearing different clothing on and a crown on her head with wording on its cover saying "Duchess Beatrice Bull of High Council, her life." 
Huntsman frowned thinking "I figured that Your Excellency was named Duchess Beatrice Bull." 
He yanked open the book and began to read it "Her name is Beatrice Bull as her first and last names while Duchess was a title." 
He continued to read "Your Excellency title was given to her due to her publicity claiming leadership of all animalistic Humans despite having no animalistic side seen from her. She denying having such animalistic form to the public. She insisting on having the leadership duty due to the animalistic Humans didn't seem to have a leader."
"She claiming in the book 'A normal Human was best to lead them in following laws set down on Humans period.'" 
He continued to frown finding parts of the book's contents had black boxes in it as if the printed word were inked out for him to not be able to read what other information about Your Excellency he figured he'll refer her from now on. Huntsman kept finding that the theme in the book was about her leading the animalistic Humans. The public expecting her to make those Humans behave according to laws set down period. He came to the end of the book despite finding too many pages having black outs in them. Huntsman threw the book aimed at the door to find Achilles standing there that caught it one handed he sitting up with a frown noticing the door was open behind the Bloody. 
He eyed Achilles to hear blared in his mind "Took you long enough to notice me standing in the doorway staring at you. I'm surprised that you didn't hear the door open and me come into your cell to stare at you reading this book." 
He rolled his eyes in response and then focused onto Achilles who he again heard blared "Don't do that eye rolling bit in front of people in this prison who have managed to figured out that its Bloody species speak for 'I'm pleasured.'" 
Huntsman groaned softly in response and rubbed a hand on his forehead while eyeing Achilles who backed up taking the book with him and door shutting in his place. He eyed the door and below to find a familiar box on a tray on the floor. He groaned again and went to the box yanking open the cover to again feel urges of his earthworm side itching to come out via smell of blood coming from inside it. Huntsman forced himself to remain Human as he found a familiar holey box that looked by sight lines metallic and not see through. He yanked open and found a familiar cylinder tube holding liquid inside it. He slammed both boxes' covers shut and went to sit on his bed eyeing the cell's door in response. Huntsman feeling himself annoyed with that the testers were doing this testing stunt onto him after awhile of not breaking habit of doing their familiar tests onto him as before as he eyed the door. He saw it slide open followed by a guard yanking out the tray holding the box and another guard putting a new one in its place making him groan again. He eyed the guard as the manoid backed out with door shutting in his place which he went to the box yanking it open forcing himself to remain Human despite the familiar smell of blood giving him urges of being an earthworm. He yanked open the holey box to find a heart organ inside that made his stomach rumble of hunger he recognizing it as a Human heart organ allowed his animalistic side to come out and pounced onto the organ swallowing it whole. Huntsman would up hearing a familiar beep noise as he grabbed it with his mouth lifting it up to swallow whole. Huntsman checked the heart as he gulped it down to realize that it was a good condition heart from the feel of it while again still compelled to keep his earthworm side as he smelled blood again. He forced himself in his earthworm form to shut both boxes' lids and then shifted back into his Human form to wipe his mouth with the towel found on the tray and went to the sink grabbing the wash cloth to wash his face fully after getting it wet from the sink's water. Huntsman once done thrust the wash cloth onto the rack and grabbed the towel to dry his face before going back to his bed to sit down back leaning against the wall eyes onto the door till smoke arrived fogging up the cell making him cough violently which he forced himself to lay on his back onto the bed shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Huntsman came to feeling water pouring over his face which he coughed shaking his head finding himself lying on dirt ground from the feel of it and his jumpsuit different while having something covering his feet on his form along with the water stopping. He jerked open his eyes to find a manoid looking Human wearing green clothing having green paint he assumed it was on the face holding a cup of water that put it aside as he heard a river running noise. He sat up with a start and looked around finding he and the green clad painted Human wasn't alone but there were five other green clad painted Humans all armed with gun weapons in their hands. The manoid who poured water onto his face yanked him up to stand he finding himself towering over the manoids by a head length he realizing that they were all females. Judging by he always taller than them due to noticing males were around his height or shorter by a bit. He stood rubbing the water off his face with the sleeve of his jumpsuit he seeing was colored green as the females' clothes while feeling himself wearing a hat stuck to his head. The female pulled at the hat covering his head to yank it down covering his face only baring his eyes he finding it a mask and sticking to his face like second skin. Huntsman felt himself annoyed as the female who yanked his mask pulled out her gun and from her back and pointed it at him making a thrusting motion to move in a direction with it. He obeyed finding himself leading the way with the female felt jerking him on the shoulder and pulling him in a direction from behind. He obeyed to walk where she guided him. Huntsman frowned eyeing the ground to recall his hunting skills as a hunter back then to see footprints of multiple boots heading in the opposite direction. 
He figuring out "The footprints, they belonged to the females who were probably sent to find and track me if I woke up by myself alone before they found me including returning me to a destination." 
He continued to eye the ground finding that the female yanking and pulling him from behind was following those tracked directions. He proceeded to do finding her touch stopping abruptly as he followed those tracks to smell a campfire to halt his walk only to get pushed to move. He obeyed keeping on walking till they reached a clearing to spot a campfire where a painted green clad clothing manoid appearing to look like a male was standing while holding a round object in his hand that gave off ticking noises. It stopped after giving off a beep noise he heard as he stopped in the clearing to face the male. Huntsman frowned as the male was heard speaking gibberish he figured was foreign language while hearing chatter talk from the females in response till the male cut it off with a loud noise sound. He frowned as the male continued his foreign language talk then he jabbed a finger in a direction while pointing a finger aimed at him. The male continued his talk sounding serious to him as he felt himself pushed into the direction. Huntsman obeyed finding the pushing stopped once he reached the bushes to again hear the familiar ticking noises. He looked behind him to see the females were scattered in the clearing not inclined to follow him by them sitting. The standing male giving him a glaring look despite his painted face while making a Human gesture he figuring out was shooing him away. He proceeded to walk into the forest he assumed was where he was recalling his hunting skills for finding animals and hiding himself from manoids hunting him while he was animalistic coming to mind. Made sure to put a good distance away from himself and the clearing including eyeing the ground to avoid making any prints with his boots he assumed were his footwear. He finding that they still clung to his feet as he traveled around in the forest to find a good hiding place. He stopped by a cluster of bushes and ducked down facing the direction of the clearing and waited seemingly lengthy only to hear a twig snap behind him. He spun around hands fisted to find the familiar group of females gathered near him one holding a broken branch in her hands and thrusting it aside onto the ground. He felt himself annoyed being found by the group as the female with the twigs thrust her gun aimed in his direction and jabbed it in the direction of the clearing. He obeyed to get up going straight to the clearing finding the pushing and pulling not happening. He tracked the forest's tracks to find the clearing easily to find the familiar male there that was still holding his familiar object in his hand that gave off a beep noise before speaking foreign language again. He again heard familiar wording sounds from the females followed by them cut off by the male giving off his familiar sound again. He narrowed his eyes aimed at the male who again got the females to sit down and then jabbed a finger aimed at him and at the forest in a direction while resuming the object's ticking noises. 
He figuring "It's some time piece." 
He went back into the forest to take a look behind him several times to see if he was followed and noticing nothing to indicate that while again finding a hiding place behind a cluster of bushes facing the direction of the clearing. Huntsman looking behind him to be sure he wasn't tracked by the females to resume looking in the familiar clearing's direction. Huntsman kept looking in the direction of the clearing while glancing around him and looking behind. He spotted a female walking in the forest looking down appearing to be looking for his tracks from the direction of the clearing heading towards his direction. He proceeded to gently move out of the bushes keeping himself low and heading towards another direction while eyeing her. He smelled blood unexpectedly making him itching to bring out his earthworm side he forced himself to ignore. He edged himself away from the female going further into the forest only to hear a loud twig snap sound behind him. He spun around crouch low on his feet to see the familiar group of females gathered near him making him annoyed again. He bared his teeth as he kept on smelling the blood smell again. He forced himself to ignore urges to change into earthworm as he was again indicated on going to the clearing. He obeyed finding the walking female heading towards him not looking surprised to see him come out of the bushes heading towards her by the expression on her face. 
He figured "She was bait to distract me while her companions got behind me to find me by indicating that look on her face as she stopped walking and stepped aside standing."
He again led the way to the clearing by tracks to find the familiar male again giving off his noises and the females doing the same cut off by the male again. Huntsman frowned as the male again got him to leave which he made sure he was hiding out of sight. He surrendered to his earthworm urges going underground traveling towards the source of the bloody smell to find above ground dangling from a tree a cloth bag dripping of liquid while feeling a familiar net covering the ground from the feel of it. He forced himself to travel away from the trap he assumed it was it to again smell another source of blood making him terribly excited enough to speed underground towards it in a hurry. Common sense prevailed slowing his traveling to take his time towards the bloody smell finding not a familiar trap from the looks of it. This time a familiar metallic box was on the ground leaking of blood. He forced himself to shift to Human form despite urged to attack the box he resisted strongly and took a look around including looking up in the trees to spot that there was a net trap above cracking of electricity. He forced himself to walk away from the trap and resumed his earthworm form again traveling underground figuring out that he'll find a way out of the forest. He traveled underground finding multiple traps having leaking blood he examined in Human form and avoiding triggering them while traveling around in his earthworm form. Huntsman found that the forest area was some kind of island surrounded by a violent roaring river splitting in two surrounding it to end into some waterfall in a direction facing the sun. Huntsman found no way off the island in his Human form despite taking a look at the river and the island's edges. The areas he saw not indicating a beach or anything for safe traveling to avoid getting into the water due to fear hitting him. 
He figured "I'll travel underground." 
He proceeded to do going deep till fear of water and earth becoming muddy stopped him making him going up near the surface but remained underground to sit curled up in a ball waiting for the fearful feeling to leave him. He sat lengthy curled up till he sensed manoids above him walking on the ground that along with a smell of blood coming from among them. A hungry feeling hitting him hard which he proceeded to reach the surface to pounce onto the smell's source finding it was a heart organ laying on the ground among the manoids. He pounced on swallowing it whole then shifted form back into Human once done to get hands grabbing his arms in some ironclad hold. He finding himself unable to get out of the hands' holds due to how tight and strong they were. He finding that they belonged to the familiar guards of the prison having their humanoid forms covered up in padded armor and black helmeted heads as handcuffs were placed on his wrists locking his arms behind him. Then thrust through the forest to an edge near the raging river making him nervous unexpectedly to find a metallic bridge over it leading from the island over the raging water to the forest beyond. He didn't protest as the guards thrust him onto the bridge while still having their hands' holds onto his arms from behind him. The walkway was narrow enough to indicate only two people could walk side by side at the same time which he continued to feel himself very nervous from the raging water below him. He was forced to walk the entire length of the bridge to land to his relief. He found the guards' hand holds remained as he was led through the forest he taking a look around with his eyes and tracking on where they were going till he heard a noise along with wind blowing. Huntsman found himself led towards the noises and blowing winds despite resistance to find a metallic object sitting in a large clearing with blurring objects above it whipping in a circle. The guards forced him to duck down and aimed him to the object. He confused to what it was as he was thrust inside via opening with guards. Then heard a door slam finding himself locked inside it with the guards thrust into a sitting position with them sitting next to him on both sides on a seat that felt soft. He grimaced as he felt a heaving motion as he looked out the window to find the thing he was in rising above the forest by indicating the tree tops coming into view. This was followed by going over it showing that the forest of trees was vast in length with something shiny metallic in the distance. He felt a prick of pain in his neck of a needle dart felt the drug take effect within him and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to smelling blood. He woke up with a jerk jerking open his eyes finding himself back in his familiar cell room and a familiar feeling involving being drugged hitting him again. Huntsman got up finding he wasn't clad in his head gear or familiar green jumpsuit and shoes. He discovered himself clad in his familiar orange zippered jumpsuit with feet bare along with noticing Achilles standing in the doorway holding a familiar cylinder looking red colored that was capped stopping the blood smell he smelled. He got up from the bed and gave Achilles a glare who jabbed a finger aimed at his toilet by the direction and folded his arms with eyes narrowing and refused to budge from his spot in the doorway while giving him a glaring expression on his face. He groaned and without a comment stripped himself of the jumpsuit and hit the toilet finding himself still spied on by Achilles. Once done washed his hands thoroughly including giving himself a washcloth bath then dried himself fully before going back to his jumpsuit to find it gone from the floor and a piece of folded clothing on his bed in the color of sky blue along with shoe wear on top of it. He frowned but picked up the clothing to find it was a blue jumpsuit with wording on the back indicate it as some place. 
He figuring "It involved a jail." 
He put it on zipping it up along with finding the shoes were white colored and for slipping onto feet after careful examination. Huntsman frowned as he again got the familiar guards grabbing his arms and locking his wrists behind his back by the familiar restraints. He was hauled out of the cell he taking a look around to find them in a hallway having multiple red metallic doors having small square windows with noises of animals coming from them. On both sides of the hallway in some loud muffled tone making him grimace from the noises heard. He found the guards hauled him to a metallic box in the wall. Huntsman saw one press a button on the wall having numbers and saw something of metallic doors shut locking them into the box. He again felt the rising feeling he felt from the machine but different this time as he spotted a window in the wall having a rocky wall and water flowing in it in his view. It wound up making him grimace seeing that as the rising seemed lengthy till the boxed room stopped with a jerk. He was forced out to see a set of stairs going up and down which the guards forced him to go up them passing three doors he counted till they reached the end of the stairs. A guard kicked open the door showing the familiar metallic object with wind blowing felt and two Human males both having glares on their faces wearing uniforms stood. He was thrust towards them to find them grabbing his arms and hauling him inside and one slamming the door shut. Huntsman again felt the thing rise which he peered out the window out of curiosity to see a vast ocean in one direction. His eyesight got blocked by an eye wear mask covering them by a guard putting it onto him with a strap around his head keeping it in place. Huntsman felt himself annoyed with not able to see where he was going as he felt the metal ride he assumed it was traveling in the air going in various directions all over the place.
He figuring "It's to confuse me. Keep me from knowing any directions to where I was going." 
The metal ride continued it's all over the place traveling to his annoyance.
He heard loudly in a male voice sounding annoyed "Can you stop that wild flying your doing? It's getting my partner sick again as always." 
Huntsman frowned hearing that as the all over the place metal ride stopped and concentrated onto a direction he not sure what direction it was seemingly lengthy. Till it stopped and went lower and lower then gave up a thumped vibration. He blinked his eyes from the glare of the sunlight as the eye wear mask was removed and him hauled out of the ride to see one of the males escorting him out bent down giving off yellowish liquid repeatedly making him disgusted. He was hauled towards five males wearing a different uniform than the two males. One was standing in front wearing a different set of clothing that was twin to Nightwalker's but appeared different by color and had a sneer on his face as the males behind him looked curious to him. Huntsman looked around finding that the metal ride was on a field of grey with shiny things in the lot. They were cars from the wheels seen with a pathway leading towards a red with white outlines building having metal gates high over head by its sides indicating grasses. Huntsman spotting another fence behind that fence twin height. Males seen wearing twin jumpsuits gathered around from behind he unable to see their faces the fences blocking the way. Huntsman wound up hearing only the metal ride's noises as he was brought to the suited up male to find two of the uniforms taking the place of the males having his arms. Huntsman frowned inwardly as the suited up male led the way inside. Seeing the black doors looking metallic slid open after a green light arrived shining over the male and group including him before sliding apart. He was forced inside finding another set of doors and found the doors behind slid shut cutting off the metal ride's noises. He frowned as he was escorted through another set of doors till he saw a gate fence blocking the way. The suited up male seen held up a hand towards a camera dome in the ceiling above the gate to see a thin light shine onto it before gate rising up with a bang sound disappearing into the ceiling. He was thrust through the opening to hear bang noise from behind he assumed was the gate banging down still following the suited up male and escorts escorting him. Huntsman kept his mouth shut as the male in suit stopped to turn around and faced him clearing his throat loudly. He found an eye wear mask placed over his eyes along with spun in a circle too many times by the males doing it all over the place. He felt off balanced stumbled a bit only to get caught by his familiar escorts as he was forced to move forwards in a direction he was confused about. He was unsure of where he was going seemingly lengthy going taking stairwells up and down.
Huntsman wound up hearing various male voices comment in some sneering voice tones "A new one! Whoo hoo! Baldy you got hair?! Hah, hah!"
He kept hearing the comments over and over by various male voices. He was freed from the wrists' restraints and eye wear mask yanked and pushed forwards making him stumble while hearing a familiar buzz sound of a cell door shutting behind him cutting off the voices' chatter. Huntsman took a look around finding himself in some jail cell that was twin to the one he stayed in. This time the walls were a different color and seemed to be made out of stone blocks by the indentations of them. Including noticing a familiar toilet and sink attached to the wall on his left and a bed attached to the wall off his right with blankets and a head rest pillow on it left for him to make the bed to his annoyance. He proceeded to make the bed while noticing a camera dome in the ceiling and grimaced feeling himself spied on by the recorder. He took a look around the cell including going to the door to hear it wasn't humming of electricity instead seemed to be ironclad shut despite his attempts to open it. Huntsman frowned finding three indentations of covered windows into the door. He finding one was small square and eye level while finding one was at his waist length and bigger forming a rectangle. The bottom window was bigger oddly appearing to be big enough for him to stick his feet out judging by its size while looking at it. 
Huntsman frowned finding himself wondering "Why I was put in this jail instead of with animalistic Humans?" 
He stiffened realizing "Someone wanted me in there due to my Human intelligence and able to control my earthworm side as seen via recorders involving the traps on the island and of my manipulating the boxes holding bloody smells in them." 
He felt himself annoyed with that happening to him went to the bed to sit down leaning back against the wall while eyes onto the door seemingly lengthy till the lights above dimmed.
He heard a female voice electronic speaking "Lights out sleep mode now."
Huntsman yawned feeling himself tired unexpectedly laid his form down onto the bed and thrust the blankets onto his form shutting his eyes along with fluffing the pillow with his hands.
He felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing a familiar electronic female voice speaking "Sleep mode over get up!"
He heard a loud ringing noise as he ignored the voice making him grimace and forced himself to open his eyes and sit up as the lights he saw overhead were on and the noises stopped abruptly only to continue each time he laid down to sleep. He groaned and got up from the bed to lean against the wall next to the toilet hearing the noises stop for good. 
He felt himself somewhat rested but not as well rested as he liked to find the door sliding open and the familiar voice speaking "Exercises required so get out!"
He remained standing only to hear the familiar ringing noises which stopped once he was out of the jail cell to find three males in the hallway wearing identical jumpsuits as his. All three sneered faces aimed at him as he noticed doors in the hallway were all open while other males weren't in sight as the hallway ended in a dead end in one direction. The other direction behind the sneering males indicated of some set of stairs going down to him. He exhaled a breath and inhaled to walk towards the stairwell's direction only to get blocked by one of the males and two others grabbing his arms in tight ironclad holds. He feeling himself confused as to what was going on as the males he found were similar to height to him. Had various hair lengths including various hair color pulled back in tails as the one in front looked him up and down while still having that sneer on his face. 
Huntsman frowned as the male spoke in some sneering voice tone "What do we have here hmm?"
He frowned finding his efforts to remove the males' ironclad holds off his arms met resistance by their hands' grips getting tighter on his arms to the point that they were practically pinching him as he halted his resistance. 
Huntsman gave the male standing in front a glare as the male spoke still using that sneering voice tone "Well a weak puny baldy judging by the looks of him ha, ha!"
He felt himself annoyed spoke "Fuck you." 
He grimaced groaning softly as a fist connected with his stomach in the front from the male off his left who resumed his ironclad hold onto his arm making him feel pain. 
Huntsman clamped his mouth shut as the male in front spoke "Well you can talk but your accent says that you're not around here judging by the sound of it."
He heard from the male off his right as he formed a frown on his face "Sounds like he's one of those fucking Canucks."
He frowned at the word Canucks as the male in front spoke loudly "A fucking Canadian in an American jail cell? Ooh he must have done something really bad to avoid deportation hence he thrown in here with the lot of us." 
Huntsman figured "Why I sounded like a Canadian? It's due to parroting the language speech accents aimed at me. Mostly via the testers and people in my presence for too long when I was traveling in Canada. That along with contained in a facility in Canadian's state of Yukon. They kept up that accented talk in front of me while contained in jail at Three Mile Island. I hearing it from Nightwalker electronically despite Your Excellency using a different accent in front of me." 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare aimed at the male who spoke loudly still using that sneering voice tone "This buffoon needs to know manners and the rules around here so hold him boys while I teach him one of the rules." 
He frowned as the male stepped back and threw a fist aimed at his face bringing him pain on connecting it along with bringing pain by connecting fists aimed at his stomach and sensitive part making his eyes water from the pain before released and kicked to kneel on the smooth white floor and head thrust up by the males.
Huntsman forced into facing the punching male who spoke "You'll get it the rules around here fucker. I believe he's learned enough so leave him be." 
He felt himself freed to find the males walking down the hallway going down the stairwell indicating it had a landing and going around it out of sight while hearing a banging noise of a door slamming sounding loudly. He groaned lying on the floor rubbing a hand on his stomach and sensitive part willing aside the pain. He heard the familiar electronic voice blare insisting on him to get up and exercise followed by ringing noises sounding loudly. He groaned and forced himself to get up stumbling towards the stairwell finding it curved around in a semi circle which he followed hand on the railing to find a set of double doors at the bottom of them having windows in circles in them. He pushed through walking out to find the doors slammed shut behind him while swinging back and forth. He looked around with confusion seeing himself in a large room having multiple double doors in the walls along with various males wearing twin jumpsuits as his gathered around tables sitting. Some appearing to be eating from trays while some were playing some kind of card game they noticing his arrival by looking in his direction. To give out sneering glares looks before resuming their activities which he forced himself to wander around the room going through double doors to find one led to an open door shower facility that had lockers for keeping clothing inside it. He spied naked males inside there busy washing themselves from rain water from an overhead faucet over each of them. They having various hair lengths he noticed among the males in the other room having the same that their hair was popularity around shoulder length or longer but none any shorter than that. He wandered out and went to explore the other rooms each double door led to finding a room for males playing a game of throw the ball into a round holey basket above them while others tried to block them from doing it. From memory was the sport of basketball as he wandered out to find a room involving weights and exercises judging by the males using the machines and looking like they were straining against them. He walked out and found a set of doors leading to another hallway that smelled of windy air to him. He walked through to get outside finding a large outdoor caged room fenced by high over head fence having camera domes attached to them. Including some round part of the fence at the top he eyed warily and notice the ground was hard as stone. 
He figuring "I wouldn't be able to penetrate in my earthworm form." 
He walked outside to eye the sky finding it was a sunny day and not a cloud in the sky and seemed on the warm side to him to his relief. He saw groups of males gathered around the caged area them appearing to be talking to each other that gave him sneering glares when he looked in their direction. Huntsman spotted the familiar three males he met in the hallway gathered with three other males in a semi circle at the corner of the caged area. The male who punched him was appearing to be talking to a male next to him giving him a scrutiny look while the others were silent giving him sneering glares. 
He focused his attention onto the talking male to lip read him saying "That's him. The new guy who sounded like a fucking Canuck when he used insult words aimed at us three. He seemed puny thin and weak judging by the guys' holds on his arms indicating that weakness status despite his weak resistance to get holds off of him."
He eyed the male scrutinizing him who shifted to glare at the talking male and spoke he lip reading "You idiot! You didn't find out that he's a damned lip reader judging by his concentration look aimed at us so cover your mouth now!"
Huntsman saw the male cover his mouth as did the talking male and saw their throats move back and forth indicating on them talking. He had an enough of being outside walked to the doors to inside to get blocked by two males grabbing his arms in tight ironclad grips making him annoyed due to figuring that he'll get punched again. 
He saw two males standing in front of him both having sneering glares and one spoke "What do we have here? A damned Canuck raised by the deaf judging by him acting like them such as lip reading people's lips."
He exhaled a breath and recalled that the males must have seen him with a look on his face staring at two males talking and saw them both covered their mouths in response to him looking at those two hence they figuring out the lip reading.
Huntsman glared at the males in front of him as the one who spoke "Hmm I'm itching to use my fists. What do you think? Think he'll make an excellent punching bag hmm?"
He felt his mood become bad in response recalled his earthworm ability and found it balking on coming out despite attempts to will it forwards. The other male in response starting throwing fists aimed at his face, front and didn't spare his sensitive part over and over. He started throwing his legs feet in kicks aimed at the punching male who backed up in response and got kicked at each time he went near him. Huntsman felt himself forced to kneel in response to his kicking despite weak pathetic resistance done as the male resumed his punching him this time focused onto his face. 
He smelled blood and felt his nose leaking and found his earthworm side refused to come out as the other male not punching him restrained the punching male while speaking "That's enough of the fisting Mister Puncher. You don't want the guards to notice his nose being bloody if you damage it further enough to throw out punishments towards us. I heard involves some work camp for the ones that caused his injury in the first place."
He shook his head of the bleeding as the males released him and thrust him down onto the ground digging his face onto it before releasing him. The males sensed walking away from him. He got up finding the ground was some kind of stone dirt and had managed to stop his bleeding. He walked inside taking a route to the shower room due to feeling like needing to wash his face. He found an empty locker and thrust aside his clothes and shoe wear in it and memorized the number seventeen blared on it and went inside the shower room noticing males giving him a scrutiny look. Huntsman seeing that they looked thicker around their body forms in various sizes compared to his size he noticing seemed to be on the thin side to his annoyance. He went to shower faucet and figured out how to turn it on by glimpsing males manipulating them to turn them off while they got out of the shower room. He proceeded to turn on the water to heat toleration levels finding the highest heat wasn't much and left the water lukewarm. He proceeded to wash his face underneath the shower spray by scrubbing with his fingers and palms of his hands. He made sure he was thoroughly cleaned of the dirt. Huntsman found the bloody leaking had managed to stop which he shut off the water and found himself alone in the shower room. Huntsman walked out to find a group of males in the hallway peering over shoulders staring at him with various emotions on their faces. Most seen with sneering glares on them and some appearing to be laughing by the looks of their faces while struggling not to give off that sound. Huntsman felt annoyance take hold marched up to the males who backed up forming an aisle blocking his locker. He went to the locker and gave the male blocking a glare who folded his arms and continued to block the locker while noticing other males doing the same to the other lockers with arms folded. 
He heard loudly off his left "Looking for these, Skinny?"
He looked to see a male had a jumpsuit in his hand along with another next to him holding his shoes. He felt himself annoyed folded his arms and walked up to the male holding the piece of clothing who thrust it aimed at him. He snatched and put it on his form finding it still loose on his form including thrust the shoes which he put onto his feet finding them fitting him to his standards. 
He gave the male a glare as he heard blared overhead "All prisoners are to return to their cells for inspection now." 
Huntsman got pushed onto the floor as males behind him proceeded to walk onto him. Some purposely stomping onto his front before getting off of him as they jogged out of sight. He got up despite the pain and followed the males out to the stairwell finding fellows behind him grab him and thrust him aside. They ran up the stairs some purposely bumping him down the stairs blocking his attempts to go up them. The last male arrived is when he followed up only to get a foot from the manoid kicking him from behind hitting him on the stomach making him nearly fall backwards. He grabbed the handrail for balance and kept a hold onto it while waving himself back into balance. He stood with arms folded on the stairwell waiting for the sound of feet on the metallic stairs to end. Is when he went up to find males gathered in the hallway not bothering to go into their cells instead were standing around glaring in his direction. He exhaled a breath and without a word leaned against the wall on a stair tread while watching the males out of the corners of his eyes warily. That remained in the hallway instead of going to their cells all glaring at the stairwell's direction he noticing some looking at his direction with disgust on their faces seen. Huntsman kept his mouth shut in response to continue to lean against the wall feeling himself annoyed recalling that his stays in containment must have weakened him enough for normal Human males to hurt him. Despite having a very strong strength to fight them off whenever they attempt to catch him and not receiving pain from their fisting him including one complaining of hurting his hand from punching him in the stomach. He formed a frown on his face as he eyed the prisoners he assumed that they were called warily out of the corners of his eyes while glancing at the stairs to down back and forth. 
He kept himself in position seemingly lengthy till the familiar voice blared "Inspection over. Prisoners resume activities."
He exhaled a breath and kept himself leaning against the wall as several prisoners went down the stairwell ignoring him while some thrust fists into his front and face. As they went by him making him wants to bend down in pain but unable to do it due to the repeated fisting till all of the males were down the stairwell out of sight. 
He went to sit on a stair tread rubbing hands on his forehead till a familiar voice speaking was heard "Prisoner unauthorized seating use get up and find the authorized seating now." 
He heard the familiar ringing noise groaned and went to cells taking a look at the doors finding that they looked the same including not indicating which was his cell to again get the voice blaring "Prisoner unauthorized in hallway leave now." 
He heard the ringing noise continue went down the stairs to hear it stop once he reached the doors. Huntsman walked out exploring the room finding machines holding nourishment for males to get to eat and drink he finding himself not inclined to get anything for himself due to the smells made him disgusted. He went to the door leading outside to find prisoners in the hallway talking that became silent seeing him as he sensed the familiar windstorm blowing from cracks in the doors along with their windows flashing white which he figured was a lightening storm happening outside. Huntsman without a word walked to the door entrance leading to the large room only to get grabbed from behind and lifted up.
Huntsman hearing voices chatter "Let's see about throwing him outside. Keeping him out. See if the storm will make him sick enough to get him thrown out of our sight." 
He swore loudly "Fuck!"
As they carried him to the doorway entrance as they ignored his wording and proceeded to toss him out into the rainstorm with thunder booming and lightening flashing above in the sky making him very nervous unexpectedly. He got up and stormed into the hallway to again meet the prisoners. They proceeded to throw him out along with throwing fists aimed at his face, front and sensitive parts including kicking him on the legs. Once he was outside before darting inside leaving him outside in the storm feeling too pained to move or get up. He curled into a ball and allowed the rain to pour over him making him shiver from its coldness. He kept it up as the storm raged seemingly lengthy with rain stopping abruptly but thunder still booming and lightening still flashing over and over. With sticky heat arriving warming him up from his shivering state as he continued to lie on the ground. He dug his fingernails into the ground not making a dent into it scratching it lengthy over and over as he felt his mood turn to anger followed by rage hitting him. Making him kneel and give out a loud roaring nonsense noise of anger as he felt the pain hitting him become worse off. He heard a ripping noise that seemed familiar along with feeling his clothes getting from a really loose form to feel himself filling it in from the feel of it on his body. He breathed hard through his mouth sucking in air as the pain continued while feeling himself still filling out the jumpsuit to the point that it was almost snug on his form. Fitting normally like regular jumpsuits he has been given during his containment. Huntsman felt the pain of his body growing including the lightening and thunderstorm stop to his relief including the rainy weather. He forced himself to get up going to a corner of the cage hearing it giving off a familiar buzzing noise of electricity humming. He felt himself needing to relax from his angry mood kneeled facing the entrance to the caged area and bowed his head finding dirty blonde hair dangling in his face and getting into his eyesight. He felt his hair finding its length he had as before containment was back along with his face bare of facial hair. He felt the sticky heat stop to realize it was his body doing it as he shut his eyes and fisted his hands onto his thighs keeping his ears open for sound. Waiting and listening to hear laughter sounds of prisoners come into his earshot followed by them cut off with sounds of surprise sounding loudly repeatedly. They had seen him and his appearance looking different from what they last saw of him when they threw him out into the stormy weather conditions. He kept his ears trained for the sounds of the prisoners as he heard them lower their voices he finding himself easily to eavesdrop. 
Talk heard "He's seemingly unusual for a Human who instead of getting sick in some rainstorm like what happened to Humans before. Used it to help his body heal and fill out what it was missing judging by the looks of him in the shower room. What he's looking now including growing a full head of hair at a long length in a fast move something impossible for Humans to have." 
Huntsman kept his mouth shut in response listening to the prisoners all over debate on whether to pick a fight with him to test his strength or forget it he hearing the pick a fight option was getting verbally stronger and more insisted in the debate. He felt up with the argument figured he'll test his strength opened his eyes raising his head up to see prisoners looking in his direction giving off multiple gasping sounds of shock. 
Along with hearing comments "His eyes are creepy despite them Human looking." 
He figured "The Bloody species' Human black eyed look got passed down onto me via my change of being a descendant of one of them." 
He got up and walked towards the group standing in his way of the caged area's entrance. He found several of the males got out of his way finding himself still similar height as them as he walked towards the entrance to feel his arms grabbed by two males one on each side forming ironclad grips onto his arms and hearing grunting sounds from them. He gave up resistance by repeatedly attempting to shake their handhelds off of him despite them still clinging to him. He felt annoyed as another prisoner in front of him threw a fist aimed in his direction aiming for his face. He lifted a foot kicking at the male's fist each time it neared him to find himself forced to kneel. Along with a third male having an arm hold around his neck and hand grabbing his hair lifting it up to face the sky as he saw something suspicious that made him widen his eyes with shock. 
He heard a male voice spoke with sneering in it "Ooh appears he's still weak as ever despite his appearance change. Hold him guys while I fist him now." 
He felt the grips become tighter to the point of pinching and nearly choking him as a male's face came into view blocking what he saw, with a sneer on his face and then brought a fist aimed at his nose. He smelled blood as the fist neared his face making him compelled to shift into his earthworm form allowed the compulsion to take control to hear sounds of panic from the prisoners along with grips onto him freed. Males darting towards the entrance while pushing each other all over the place as they attempted to dart inside. He felt himself terribly hungry unexpectedly with the feeling taking control. Huntsman pounced onto a male from behind who screamed of terror as his mouth dug into his back knocking him to the ground and dug his  mouth further into the male's back breaking skin, muscle and bone to get a hold of the heart organ. He yanked out and swallowed it whole finding himself still hungry. Huntsman looked to see that his attack had an audience of prisoners who were standing around witnessing him doing that. Charged towards them to see them scream in terror again darting towards the entrance while pushing at each other to reach it as he again caught a prisoner to feed off of. Huntsman caught four more times ignoring the location till his hunger was sated is when he shifted form back to Human to find himself in the large room with no one in sight but blood staining his lips again. He wiped it off with the sleeves of his jumpsuit and notices a body of a dead prisoner lying on the floor nearby him. He heard a dart gun going off sound loudly appearing to be from above he flinched from the dart landing on his neck. He looking up to see gangplanks holding various males wearing uniforms and guns pointed aimed at him as he again felt himself feeling sleepy slid to the floor shutting his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Huntsman woke up feeling himself wearing manacles around his wrists keeping him on a standing position on tiptoes while underneath a familiar spotlight he naked. He seeing Your Excellency standing nearby in front of him wearing her familiar mouth covering mask. Huntsman spotted Nightwalker next to her both having eyed looks that made him grimace inwardly. 
He seeing the look as disappointment from seeing it from various testers saying "You have failed a test." 
He shifted to eye them with a glare of accusation in his eyes as Your Excellency jabbed a finger in his direction. He again felt the whip hitting his back with electrical charges of pain rising after each hit he refusing to count due to counted whipping were all over the place. Huntsman gritting his teeth to will himself not to make a sound for noises would cause more whipping as learned from previous whippings he had before his current one. He grinded his teeth as the whip hit him over and over till the urge to scream hit him. He gave out a screaming nonsense sound only to feel the whip hitting him more harder bringing more pain as he continued to scream from its pain it brought to him over and over. Huntsman screamed as his throat became raw of pain felt himself no longer able to say a sound clamped it shut and bowed his head staring at the ground. Huntsman feeling his hair pulled back judging by it refusing to dangle in his face as he mouth breathe hard through his mouth from the pain of the whipping. He smelled blood hitting which didn't excite him to turn into his earthworm form. He felt leakage hitting his back figured it was from the whip across the area making scarring marks to his annoyance as he felt the whipping stop to his relief and sagged while held up by the manacles wrapped around his wrists. 
He heard in response "I'm quite disappointed with you Huntsman."
He grimaced from Nightwalker's voice who kept talking "You showed signs of mercy and intelligence while in your earthworm form which you were given a chance to live among the Humans in some contained setting. You blew that chance by feeding off the Humans contained with you while you were in an earthworm form in retaliation for their recorded nasty behavior seen onto you-"
Huntsman interrupted while raising his head to glare at Nightwalker "I smelled blood coming from one of them which triggered my earthworm side to come out-"
He was interrupted "You showed signs of controlling that earthworm side by recorders of you inspecting traps with leaking blood coming from them by showing you changing into manoid to do the inspection followed by resuming your animalistic side and ignoring the traps a behavior you displayed over and over. Don't blame it on smelling blood from the prisoners when we have recordings that show different behaviors proving such control existed."
He gave Nightwalker a glare in response as the male continued talking "You retaliated against the prisoners for their nasty treatment towards you by feeding off them. Their behavior they have always habitually pulled onto new prisoners before quitting it to be friendly with once it's obvious that their behavior has made the new prisoner to be humiliated as they expected to be from the new prisoner they pulling that stunt onto them as always. What do you have to say in your defense regarding this?"
Huntsman snarled out "Fuck you, you fucker for I ought to suck your heart out for that rude treatment you had me undergo without any word on what I was supposed to be doing."
He glared at Nightwalker to hear from Your Excellency "Word on what your supposed to be doing is for you to figure out by thinking smartly like a Human as your supposed to be doing which you stupidity didn't bother to think at all. It's a shame that you blew your chance of being among the Human population like we were testing you on. I recommended that he remained in containment with as little contact from manoids period. Including only contacting him on his health and his wellbeing through machine testers, including giving him nourishment via the caged trap room only and not when he's contained in his cell. Its the best that he not have contact with manoids period since its obvious that he's more interested in being animalistic than acting like a Human. Have this done immediately Nightwalker."
Huntsman snarled out as she paused he looking at her "The Humans said that my form was weak and puny when they had my hands on me including judging by the looks of me in the shower room. They threw me out into the stormy weather which I went through some growth to get my form filling out my jumpsuit and hair grown back despite I always having it shaved." 
He glared at Your Excellency who he heard Nightwalker speak in response "Ignore his talk Your Excellency. What's he's talking about is something normal that has happened to him over and over. It is when his body gets to the point of breaking down via thinness and hair shaved that some sickness triggers him to grow his body back to a normal state including his hair grown back fully to its normal length he had before his capture. He has always displayed that ability from time to time." 
He glared at Nightwalker in response as he heard from Your Excellency "Knock him out now and throw him into containment now."
He saw Nightwalker jab a finger in his direction as he heard the familiar sound of a dart gun going off followed by prick of pain hitting his chest. He felt himself sleepy surrendered to the drug's contents to fall asleep shutting his eyes passing out unconscious to come to astral projecting himself seeing the male on a gangplank with Your Excellency standing she not having the mask covering her mouth. 
He eyed her lips as she spoke he lip reading her "Huntsman made his choice clear that acting animalistic is what he aims to do judging by the deaths of the prisoners by his animal side instead of acting smartly to think like a Human after showing signs of it. I'm sorry, Nightwalker, but its obvious he prefers to be animalistic and animalistic treatment is what he'll receive period."
He saw her put on a mask covering her mouth and jabbed a finger in a direction while seeing Nightwalker next to her along with a guard wearing Achilles' clothes look at the male and heard mentally "I told you Kingship that he's too animalistic like I said and would never drop that animal side of his despite progress of acting Human like indicated." 
He heard nothing from Nightwalker in response as he smelled blood came to finding himself lying on dirt ground in his caged room wearing nothing on his form. His head felt shaved again from the feel of no hair as an object dropped from above landing near him. He smelling blood and recognizing it as the familiar metallic box refrained from showing his earthworm form despite feeling urges for it to come out went to the box. Yanked it open finding inside a cylinder tube of blood from the looks of it leaking all over the place. He shut the box and threw it at the wall to kneel bowing his head eyes aimed in a direction he glimpsed Nightwalker standing on a gangplank including the familiar female Your Excellency.
He mentally snarled towards Nightwalker "I'll be sucking her heart out! I'll do what fucking thing to want her dead for setting me up to fail! None of the fucking Humans I killed indicated some blood status despite seeing guards on a gangplank nearby them above! One fucker holding a cylinder tube in his hand suspiciously looking like blood and pouring its contents into a bucket while she was there with them smirking! 
I lip reading her saying 'It'll get him back to containment where he belongs for he's animalistic period despite showing Human intelligence.'!"
He heard nothing in response to his wording as he continued to blare it mentally over and over while glaring at Your Excellency with accusation in his eyes.
He heard blared in his mind in Achilles' voice "Sitting with that look on your face isn't going to get you anything so do something else." 
He shifted to stare at a guard next to Nightwalker he assumed was Achilles judging by the clothes despite wearing a helmet covering his head entirely.
Huntsman mentally snarled to him "Your Excellency set me up to fail! I seeing her present at the jail with guards. She commenting on wanting me locked up due to my animalistic side."
Huntsman glared at Achilles as he heard in response "You didn't pay attention to the book on her we gave you. If you did you would have found information detailing her having this attitude towards animalistic Humans. Doing what it takes to see them fail Human intelligence tests including getting them locked up period." 
He mentally spoke towards Achilles "What are you talking about? I didn't find anything in the book detailing that attitude. Besides most of the book's contents were blacked out and detailing her doing what it takes to have the leadership of the animalistic Humans despite not having an animal side. That's all I saw when I read the book." 
He glared at Achilles who shifted his head towards Nightwalker who glanced at him he saw before shifting to look in his direction and continued to glare at his family member.
He mentally spoke "Achilles, you made it clear that you don't like me or that we're related. Judging by the attitude you displayed in front of me once your King said we were related. Hence your negative attitude towards me and doing what it takes to spite me due to your strong dislike towards me." 
He continued to glare at Achilles who appeared to be focusing onto Nightwalker and ignoring him. He shifted to glare at seeing the male glance at his family member before looking away to raising a hand sticking it behind Your Excellency's head who he saw didn't appear to notice and shut her eyes. He stared at and glimpsed Nightwalker's Human black eyes turn all red colored to his curiosity. He eyed the female who kept her eyes shut for a short time before the Bloody removed his hand and stopped his red eyed look to resume Human black eyed look and folded his arms Human style. He eyed Your Excellency to see her shake her head and rub a hand on her forehead looking like she was having head pain. Followed by her eyes opening with confusion in them and blinking them along with removing her hand then looked at Nightwalker who he saw looked back at her while raising an eyebrow. Indicating he was commenting something related to her head pain. Huntsman glared at Your Excellency while raising his head to fully stare at her. She ignored him staring to gesture her head towards Nightwalker before seeing the male unfold his arms and step backwards raising a hand in a direction. Achilles he saw turned his back and walked away with the female following him as he saw the Bloodies' leader following taking up the rear. Huntsman followed their progress of walking on a gangplank reaching a doorway in the wall and disappearing out of sight. He felt a stinging pain feeling in his back indicating a needle dart along with sleepiness hitting him again shut his eyes and slid to the ground passing out unconscious to come to finding himself back in his familiar cell. He stayed in the animalistic Human jail clad in a jumpsuit on his form and nothing on his feet and his head still shaved as ever. He got up feeling a familiar urge hit the toilet adjusting the jumpsuit and once done eyed himself to see that he was clean and didn't need to take a washcloth bath. He washed his hands fully then went to sit down on the bed feeling himself further annoyed with being contained again with no Human contact. He laid his form down onto the bed and again felt an indentation of a book underneath his pillow to yank it out with a growl of nonsense sound to glare at it. Finding it was the same book on Your Excellency as before judging by the cover. He glared at the book and sat up leaning against the wall to flip through the pages not reading the contents to finding that the black out ink statuses were gone entirely. 
He gave up "Fuck!"
Resumed reading it entirely finding the information on what Achilles claimed to him fully detailed in there. 
He gave the book and its contents a glare as he read the information "Your Excellency is having an attitude towards animalistic Humans showing Human intelligence. As in seeing on what can be done to make them fail tests indicating them as Humans seeing that they were animalistic period." 
He felt himself furious "Your Excellency's attitude was rumored to having a male with some unknown to her and other people, deadly animal ability showing Human intelligence courting her in some mating ritual. The animalistic ability wound up flaunting once she was proven expectant with an offspring that was unknowingly poisoning her from within." 
He continued to read fuming "The caretakers at Three Mile Island once they laid their eyes onto her and her expectant status figured out the male and his animalistic ability. Managed to capture him including getting immediate medical help to her to get the offspring surgically removed and given the antidote to the poison it was transmitting through her system." 
He kept fuming as he read "The offspring was later put down executed once it was taken out of its Mother due to indicating some deadly ability towards manoids as a manoid eater. The Father once captured by the caretakers of the Three Mile Island facility had him executed for the stunt of hiding his animalistic ability from people. Was against the national law as stated by a President back then for Humans having animalistic ability to not to hide it period. Even from the stunt of getting a female expecting with his offspring that was killing the Mother from within." 
He kept reading "Your Excellency suffered a rumored side effect from her poisoning of the offspring within her and antidote given to her despite refusing to confirm it. Made her act animalistic around the animal that the Father of the offspring was animalistic of. Making her treat the animal like a pet companion. Despite it known to be deadly towards Humans handling it without any protection. She never receiving any deadly behavior from the animal whenever she handled it without any protection from its deadliness and animal seen acting friendly with her from people witnessing that happen." 
Huntsman continued to read "Your Excellency refused to confirm to the public or whenever asked by presses what animal that made her see them as pet companions. Them treating her with friendly behavior despite it rumored to be an animal dubbed a rattlesnake. Its breed and species was still not pointed out which one she had a closeness towards it. Despite there three species living in the African states area known to be deadly towards Humans. Only two were known to attack Humans only when provoked to defend themselves. Other information on the third indicated it was avoiding Humans and hiding itself from them and doing what it takes to get away from Humans provoking it and never seemed interested in defending itself to attack." 
He kept reading the book "Your Excellency's family members were pressured quite heavily by the public on putting her in lock up in the facility at Three Mile Island. Word leaking out via tabloid bribing a nurse to tell them information on her. Her pregnancy status and the animal she carried within taken out caused the public to fear that she was animalistic. As displayed by Human females publicity carrying animalistic Humans' offspring including turning animalistic with some animalistic traits on their body form after the offspring was taken out which they were locked up as a result." 
Huntsman continued to read "Your Excellency's family balked on locking her up as pressured instead told the public 'She's the animalistic Humans' declared leader and representative to speak on their behalf.' 
The public brought that explanation and stopped pressuring for her to be locked up. Hence she given the leadership in the first place and always acted as their voice at government meetings for laws on animalistic Humans on whether to make new laws, drop the current laws in favor for something else or keep the current ones." 
Huntsman fumed reading "Your Excellency had developed some public persona negative attitude towards animalistic Humans. By heavily tested for their Human intelligence by seeing that they fail the test period. Getting them locked up as known by the public's observations of her observing tests done on those Humans. She overheard as always giving off wording that indicated on getting them locked up period." 
He kept reading the book "There was a won't go away tabloid rumor saying 'The poisonous offspring within Your Excellency wrecked up her system enough to poison males whenever she mated with them.'
She always refusing Human males' courtship attempts and saying that she was married every time to their faces. Refusing to produce the male she was claiming to be married to. Showing pregnancy statuses twice and refusing to explain how she got pregnant in the first place. Rumors of implantation used and refusing to publicity show the offsprings she carried publicity. Pressured to do it she balking on doing it every time whenever asked on it." 
Huntsman sensed a familiar feeling hitting him midway through the book looked up at the door to find the door open. 
Achilles standing in the doorway head bare of a helmet who blared in his mind mentally "Hmph you didn't appear to hear the door open or appear to notice me standing in the doorway while engrossed in the book, me staring at you for a bit again." 
He mentally spoke towards Achilles as the male stopped his blaring "Oh fine on what you said but what are you doing showing yourself to me? I thought Your Excellency judging by the book's contents wanted contact between me and manoids to be forbidden." 
Huntsman narrowed his eyes aimed at Achilles who he heard "Actually Your Excellency as you call her despite we referring her as Sitting Bull even to her face she not complaining on that name, developed the Sonya disease making her capable of carrying Bloody species' offsprings. She was informed of them like every female developing the same medical condition. She like those females were pressured quite heavily on carrying offsprings three times for furthering my species' population while living on Terra. The Sonya disease was turning out to be rare for females to have hence they insisted on being used as breeders. As for Your Excellency she was given the exception of carrying twice like any other female for producing both genders of male and female offsprings. With the female offspring once grown to reach a Human age have been tested and proven to have the Sonya disease within them as always every time. Despite not displaying that medical condition within their system till they reach this declared age of third decade is when their used as breeders."
Huntsman kept his thoughts blank in response as Achilles kept talking mentally "By the way that trick you saw Kingship did onto Your Excellency involves him put in the King leadership in the first place. For displaying that trick onto Humans to get them to speak answers to questions he asks them with no memory of the questioning done onto them. That King leadership is always reserved for male Bloodies displaying some mental abilities onto Humans period regardless of what it is or how its used. Besides Your Excellency has indicated verbally on not being fooled on whenever Kingship pulls this trick onto her. She complaining of it in his presence. She was fully told of this ability including given a demonstration of him doing it to other Humans heavily questioned on breaking the law she insisting on that happening. But not the exact reason why he was in the leadership position. Also Your Excellency is aware that this facility's leadership and people running its functions are the Bloody species. Due to being paired with one of them for breeding offsprings. I can't say who she was paired to due to the knowledge of pairing isn't shared among my species for fears of deadly competition among males and females for the right to mate something that happened on Pluto. This caused the Pluto population to go down quite heavily that female Bloodies wound up extinct. Male Bloodies forced to mate with Human females and animalistic females for preserving their species with females dying from the carrying offspring happening over and over. This is something our King made it clear that he doesn't want repeated happening on Terra. Hence he insisting on the knowledge of females with the Sonya disease paired to males for breeding be kept secret and those females not flaunted to us period."
Huntsman mentally spoke as Achilles paused to narrow his eyes "Then why are you aware of that Your Excellency has the Sonya disease and used for breeding anyway?"
He glared at Achilles who mentally spoke "She's pass the aged cycle for carrying offsprings for us Bloodies without suffering from the carrying. The age is always in the Human age of third decade starting at the age of thirty one and ends at the declared age of thirty nine. She's currently at the declared age of forty at the moment. The King has taken a liking towards her enough to claim her as his to us Bloodies despite she not showing signs of liking him back or seemingly aware of his feelings towards her. It's suspected that the King is being cautious on displaying his feelings towards females. Rumored having a female he liked enough to display such behavior towards her and she treating him rudely in response and refusing to accept the pairing. Rumored breeding used between the both of them which I'm not sure if it's twice or the required three times. I also heard as rumored that the female once breeding was done between the both of them self terminated her own life. Hence the King wary of showing any behaviors towards females he likes. Its fears of them not accepting him or them getting the idea of ending their own life just to get out of being paired towards him. So continue on reading that book and excuse me I overstayed my visit."
He frowned as Achilles backed out of the cell door sliding shut blocking his view of him which he resumed reading the book finding it included parts of what was originally blacked out not having that status.
He read "Your Excellency's official title was the name as referred she preferred but dubbed Sitting Bull publicity by people referring to her but not in her presence despite she aware of that name dubbing has insisted on the Your Excellency title period." 
He kept reading finding that Achilles wasn't kidding on her current age being forty due to the book mentioning her birth date including year he calculated her age and figured it was what his family member said to him. 
He kept reading "The tabloids have pinpointed her having some friendly relationship with some unnamed freakish male Human having skin sensitivity to the sun and daylight including fanged teeth of an animal. The freak is in a leadership position of Three Mile Island facility. She has indicated that he has Human intelligence enough to run the facility. She balking on taking that leadership position and always insisting on him doing it period." 
He frowned to figure "The description was an excuse to explain Nightwalker to the public without mentioning that he was part of another species involving blood drinking. Just to avoid a panic from the people having to fight with animalistic Humans targeting manoids as nourishment. I figuring that have happened over and over." 
He kept reading the book "The unnamed freakish male was dubbed Fang by the public and government officials in Your Excellency's presence due to his fanged teeth who were aware of him. He seemingly a recluse and not interested in flaunting himself to the public and balking people's requests to talk to them. Them pestering him with questions once meeting him in person in the facility. He always using a computer pad for his communication method. Along with wearing a mask to cover half of his face including his fanged teeth." 
He reads "Fang has refused to do requests for showing what his fanged teeth looked like to people including balking people's attempts to get a declared name from him. Has indicated that they could call him any name they liked via computer pad communication. Hence the name of Fang stuck and used. He not displaying any behaviors on whether he liked the name or not." 
Huntsman came to the end of the book finding it ended with "The public finally accepted Your Excellency in the leadership position towards animalistic Humans in the Human calendar year of one thousandth ninety six." 
Ends there which he again felt the familiar feeling of being stared at shut the book closed and looked at the door to find it open and Achilles standing there having a familiar ticking object in his left hand that gave off a beep noise before pocketing the device into a pocket inside his jacket. 
Huntsman frowned as Achilles blared in his mind "Hand me that book. It's borrowed from a library. Kingship is too cheap to bother sending someone to purchase books for you and whoever around here to read if it's necessary for them to know the information."
He frowned but tossed Achilles the book who caught it one handed then handed it to a guard who faded from view. 
He figuring "It involves super speed ability." 
Achilles again blared "Alright Your Excellency through various public press information has always given out some claim of being paired to some male. She refusing to say who he is or what he looks like. Including claiming that she's married to him. She keeps saying this excuse that he's overseas working. They have a long distance relationship. She has admitted to Kingship in my presence that the excuse of being married was just a lie. Just to keep off males from targeting her in some marriage contract. Her royalty status of being related to the royal family is reason why males want to get married to her. So they can gain various hard to get items for their lifestyles as a royal. That has been happening repeatedly by males targeting female royal members with marriage on their minds. Anyway Your Excellency admitted underneath Kingship's trick method that she's fond of him in some mating view but has refused to publicity embarrass her family by flaunting that relationship to the public. Her family has indicated to her during talks to Kingship without him displaying that mental trick, with me around guarding that they were humiliated. After it publicity came out via leaks in the hospital to the presses that some animalistic Human targeted her in some courtship and got her expecting and offspring surgically taken out due to causing harm to her from within. Her family found this situation humiliating and said it to Your Excellency. Including banning her from flaunting any relationships with males period by insisting that she lie to the public that she was married to some male with the excuse of him working overseas used over and over whenever she was targeted by males in courtships. Anyway her family hasn't commented a response publicity of her seen carrying offsprings twice despite she refusing to talk about it to the public every time they bring it up in her presence."
He mentally spoke as Achilles stopped talking to narrow his eyes aimed at him "Wouldn't those females with the Sonya disease have family members informed of them used as breeding?"
He eyed Achilles who rubbed a gloved hand over his eyes before removing the hand and folding his arms and heard in response "Sorry to inform you but those females aren't allowed to inform their family members of the Bloody species and them used for breeding offsprings. Instead a male member of the Human's army hand selected by their leader the General aware of our species despite the army member unaware is ordered to pose as the reason why the female is carrying offsprings to her family and publicity court her during the whole time she is used as a breeder. Then ordered to break off the relationship once her breeding uses comes to an end despite it rumored that such pairs have kept the relationship ongoing with nothing to indicate on the males finding out the exact reason why those females were carrying offsprings in the first place." 
Huntsman exhaled a breath through his mouth and mentally spoke "You sure that those females didn't tell those males the exact reason why they were carrying? The fact that your nourishment is blood from animals and Humans used as a reason for the males to keep their mouths shut?"
He eyed Achilles who did a double take look before mentally speaking "I overstayed my visit, excuse me."
He frowned as Achilles back out with the door shutting closed blocking his view of him which he sighed softly and looked down near the door as if drawn to spot a familiar box on a tray including a towel next to it indicating on nourishment to him. He groaned and got up going to the box yanking it open to again see the familiar metal holey box triggering his urges for his earthworm side to come out he forced himself to ignore. He yanked open the inner box to find a heart organ inside from the looks of it making his mouth water which his animalistic side came out taking control. He gulped the heart organ down to realize again that Nightwalker wanted him to do something due to the organ was a healthy one from the taste and within his system. He once done taking in the nourishment shifted back to his Human form to wipe his mouth with the towel then went to the sink to grab his washcloth to wash his face thoroughly before putting the cloth away on the heated rack from it feeling warm to the touch including drying his face with a towel hanging onto there then went to his bed to sit eyes onto the door seemingly lengthy and impatiently waiting for anything to happen. He was rewarded when smoke fogged up his cell making him cough along with giving him sleepiness which he forced himself to lie onto his back onto the bed and shut his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious. 

Huntsman came to feeling himself lying on bars indicating of a cage while wearing something else than his familiar orange jumpsuit on his form. He found he was wearing the familiar clothing of mask, green jumpsuit from the feel and shoes on his feet as he felt a poking feeling of a stick on his head along with a rocking motion. He jerked his eyes open to see through the bars that he was in a cage held high above ground suspiciously looking like to be some forest to him as he continued to feel the poking of a stick. He jerked himself up into a sitting position to find on a gangplank next to his cage was a familiar guard wearing Achilles' clothes on his form having a stick in his hand that removed it and stood up folding his arms while looking in a direction by helmeted head indicating he looking to spot Nightwalker on the gangplank nearby still wearing his mouth covering mask holding his familiar pad in his hand tapping away while he saw Your Excellency standing next to him with arms folded and an object in her hand peeking that made him confused as to what it was. 
He frowned as he heard from Achilles abruptly "I would look down if I were you."
Huntsman obeyed finding his cage was dangling over a forest of trees and bushes including dirt ground glimpsed through it that appeared to be covering the floor of a warehouse room from the looks of it as he saw multiple gangplanks having guards on them and frowned wondering what was going on. 
He shifted to resume staring at Nightwalker who stopped his pad typing to hear him speak with his familiar electronic voice "Victim is in place in the viewing room Your Excellency. Shall we release the Hunter hmm?"
He frowned feeling himself confused as Your Excellency despite wearing a mask covering her mouth brought the hand held object to her mouth making him think it was odd for it reminded him of a male's sensitive part from its shape and he heard a loud feminine voice blare overhead "Release the Hunter now."
He stiffened as the cage's floor gave away dropping him down towards the ground which he shifted into his earthworm form and landed onto a tree branch wrapping himself around it for balance before shifting form to Human to dangle onto it by hand holds and forced himself to climb down from the tree using that form in control despite itching to use his earthworm form. He reached the ground smelled something familiar triggering his earthworm form to take control dug into the ground finding it wasn't that deep and had a stone bottom as he traveled towards the smell he figuring it was a heart organ from its stink. Huntsman found the source of the heart organ was a dead male with chest cut while lying on a raised slab of stone and felt himself too hungry to bother to investigate why the male was lying there pounced onto the body with his mouth digging through the skin, bone and muscle with fury till he reached the heart organ and yanked it out hard along with once freed from the body swallowed it whole to figure from the taste of it that it belonged to an older male despite the male's body indicating of youth to him. He continued to smell the familiar stink in a direction beyond the stone slab felt himself still hungry went towards the smell while going over the male's dead body heading towards the scent in a fast move only to hit a familiar wall he figuring it was see through while feeling a hole in the area as he banged onto it including biting with fury aimed at the small round hole he finding no success of breaking or getting the hole bigger. He continued to let his hungry feelings take control as the hole abruptly closed itself to his annoyance blocking the stink as he felt compelled to shift form into his Human form obeyed doing it to find himself facing a see through wall holding various males with a naked young male chained in a wheelchair looking frightened by the looks of his expression on his face and eyes as he saw the hole's source was some kind of metallic door he glimpsing a heart organ on a tray behind it get taken out of the viewing room he assumed it was through a doorway. He eyed the frightened male who appeared to look young but fully grown adult to him that shifted form into some animal that made him think it wasn't an earthworm judging by his twin form but having scaly skin and eyes of yellow with a mouth sticking out a forked tongue as familiar guards he recognized arrived into the room getting ropes around the animal's neck via sticks as it thrashed back and forth in an effort to shake the ropes off despite the guards still holding onto the sticks very strongly and not budging from the animal's violent shaking. He frowned as the animal opened its mouth baring two teeth that looked fanged and made a charging motion towards one of the guards with mouth open indicating it wanted to bite but found the other guards kept their grips onto the sticks holding it in place getting the ropes shorter and shorter till the sticks' ends were touching the animal along with pulling the animal off the wheelchair it still struggling in their trap and out of the room through the familiar doorway. Huntsman saw males in the room get up from lying on the floor to stand shaking their heads and looking relieved judging by their facial expressions he counted about five of them all dressed in clothes twin to Nightwalker's to see one go up to the see through wall with eyes narrowed appearing to be scrutinizing him by looking him up and down before resuming staring at him in the face despite his eyes covered by the mask on covering his head entirely. 
Huntsman frowned as he heard mentally blared "Huntsman back to the tree where you first landed in now. Your duty is done so move it."
He obeyed to walk off tracking his trail of earthworm till he reached his tracks in Human form below a tree to look up wondering what Nightwalker had in mind to have Achilles blare orders to him. He eyed the tree warily to sense movement in it to see a guard coming down via rope in a fast blurry speed onto the tree and adjusted position pointing his gun weapon aimed at him and firing it he feeling a prick of pain in his neck along with sleepiness felt himself sliding to the ground going unconscious. 

Huntsman woke up with a start feeling pressure and a rumbling vibration onto his chest along with thudding of a heart beating fast felt. He raised his head up with a start to stare at yellow eyes not of a Human but of a small animal that gave off a meow sound before standing up on four legs claws felt digging into his body bringing pain followed by the pain stopping and the animal having the color of orange fur all over leaning forwards to sniff its face with its pink nose followed by licking his chin with a rough tongue before sitting back on its haunches to lick its leg near the claw end and brought it to its head he assumed was an ear repeatedly over and over as he stared at the thing lengthy till he felt bored resumed staring at the ceiling finding it indicated his cell by the familiar glaring lights shining overhead. Huntsman felt the animal he unsure of what it was' movements on his form clad in its familiar orange jumpsuit by its feel by it exchanging positions all over he ignored before hearing a familiar buzz of his door opening and a clapping noise before the animal gave off a loud meow sounding cranky to him and got off of his form which he sat up to see the furball he assumed he'll call it dart out of the cell going pass Achilles standing there with arms folded. 
Huntsman spoke loudly "You care to tell me what that furball was and its purposes of visiting me?"
He eyed Achilles to hear mentally "At least you didn't refer it by the insult word as thing. Its species is dubbed a cat by the Humans who keep such animals like it as a pet companion. That cat in question referred as Caretaker around here seemed to have some kind of Human intelligence of understanding Human speech and Human sign language gestures aimed at him judging by his behavior. Caretaker has indicated that he wants to live in this facility by always finding him around and refusing efforts to be removed by showing Human intelligence to avoid traps set for him including communication seen between guards. He gets it Human speech and their hand language gestures judging by his behavior seen hanging around them doing such communication methods. Kingship has ordered us to lay off the traps and just let Caretaker he dubs him have the run of the place doing his cat thing to contained people who won't be threats to him in their animalistic forms. He seemingly knowing who's a threat and who's not by always figuring out which cell to demand himself let inside for. He's observed snoozing onto people in their Human forms for lengthy periods of time while their sleeping and them ignoring him sitting on them whenever they appear to detect him on them. I also have observed some animalistic Humans change form into an animal related to Caretaker's cat form but in a bigger size to allow Caretaker pounce onto their moving tail's end in some pouncing game over and over including ignoring the cat biting it and scratching the area with back paws. Excuse me my visit's over." 
Huntsman frowned seeing Achilles fade from sight followed by the door slamming shut with the familiar buzz sound sounding again to lean back against the wall to hear a loud meow sound along with vibrations on his bed heading towards him he saw was Caretaker going to sit on his front and sniffed his face mostly around the mouth area seemingly lengthy before resuming doing some licking all over its body and changing positions to do it before he heard another buzz sound of the door opening as the cat made himself in a squatting position seat not sitting on him and a familiar clapping noise sounding again which the animal gave off an irritated meow and disappeared from his eyesight he seeing one of the guards in a blurring speed grab the cat by the body and yank it off of him and out of the jail cell followed by the door shutting again with a familiar buzz sound. 
Huntsman groaned loudly wondering what was going on as he heard blared in his mind "Forgot to add that you smell like a litter box to Caretaker judging by him indicating on wanting to go to the bathroom on top of you."
He shifted to stare at the door to find a window in it open and eyes of a Bloody peering at him which he spoke loudly "Tell Caretaker that I'm not a bathroom but part of an animal involved with dirt hence my stinky smell making him want to go expel waste onto me."
He glared at the eyes to see them get replaced by shiny metal in response along with seeing smoke fogging up his cell making him cough again followed by sleepiness which he laid his form down onto the bed and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to finding himself naked lying on a metal bed wearing chain manacles on his wrists and ankles along with a familiar vibration of a cat sitting on his body which he felt the fur felt soft to the touch along with opening his eyes to squint from a spotlight above to raise his head to stare at Caretaker who was licking himself on the leg ignoring him staring. 
He spoke loudly "Caretaker, I'm not a bathroom for you to expel waste so go use the litter box instead for that job like you should be doing." 
He glared at Caretaker who in response ignored his talk to squat with haunches not touching him as he felt liquid spill from the cat making him disgusted as it dripped off his body with stickiness and lowered his head to stare at the blaring over head light as he felt round stones drop onto him that rolled off followed repeatedly finding this expelling seemed lengthy over and over to his disgust. Huntsman felt himself annoyed with Caretaker felt no urge to turn into an earthworm despite mentally trying to willing it forwards and finding himself not having any success in doing it. He felt the expelling seemingly lengthy till the cat was felt walking off him he eyed to see it jump off the metal bed that appeared to be raised up from the floor he relieved to have the bathroom business by the furball done. 
He felt himself further disgusted by Caretaker to hear from Achilles blaring in his mind "Hmph, Caretaker has indicated some sickness involving trying to expel waste while refusing to use various litter boxes all over the place that were themed with various kitty litter bathroom crap in them for him to use he ignored. I apologize on his behalf due to that he indicated that the earth ground was to be used as his kitty litter by his lengthy bathroom use onto you. Rest assured that you'll get the proper washing done and Caretaker trained to use the litter box instead of using you again." 
Huntsman gave off a sound of disgust loudly to feel a stinging pain on his neck indicate of a needle dart shut his eyes and passed out unconscious to come to feeling a familiar vibration on his front with fur felt while still naked and his wrists and ankles still chained as he felt himself still lying on a metal bed from the feel of it. He jerked open his eyes and raised his head to stare at Caretaker seated on his front that got up arching his back to lick himself all over he stopped watching to stare at the ceiling's overhead light feeling again the cat using him as a bathroom seemingly lengthy again with liquid and soft stones felt dropping onto him he gave off a sound of disgust loudly while feeling this continued on lengthy again. 
Huntsman heard in response "Sorry Huntsman but Caretaker has refused efforts to use litter boxes as his bathroom regardless of them made out of dirt or having clothes stained of your scent in them by balking on using them. He has indicated that your body will do as his bathroom period. I'm afraid you'll have to put up with that for as long as he stays in this facility." 
He snarled in response to hearing Nightwalker's electronic voice "You sure that Caretaker isn't indicating something medically bothering him or some dislike towards me hence he using me as a bathroom?"
He frowned as he heard a loud meow sounding in an angry tone followed by the liquid and stones stopping as the cat got off his form followed by hearing Nightwalker's voice speaking "Caretaker your being weird with using Huntsman as your bathroom to display your dislike towards him despite already medically checked out and now your using the floor as your bathroom Hmph."
He gave off a loud growling sound in response to Nightwalker's words as he spoke "Fuck you!"
He glared at the ceiling's overhead light as Nightwalker's voice was heard again "Feel free to use Huntsman as your bathroom for the inappropriate language used." 
He snarled "Caretaker don't you fucking dare! I speak whatever language I want! I don't give a fuck if it's inappropriate so go use something else as your bathroom!"
He felt a needle prick of pain on his neck shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to finding himself sitting on the bottom of a pool of water stripped of his clothes and manacles and still naked again as he spotted a rope near him dangling in the water having a fin like edge. He forced himself to hold his breath heading towards the rope finding it his walking slow and heavy as the water made him nervous enough to want to breathe but he forced himself not to breathe instead grabbed the rope and began pulling himself up onto it feeling stinging pains hitting his hands as he ignored till the pain got too much for him and he let go of the rope to float back towards the bottom of the pool again feeling himself urged to breathe obeyed sucking in water gagging onto it along with feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Huntsman came to finding himself back on the bottom of the pool of water feeling oxygen renewed within him but still unable to breathe finding the familiar rope dangling in his view he forced himself to look up seeing various ropes coming from a round blob floating on the surface that looked like an animal to him judging by seeing gills on its sides moving he feeling annoyed for mistaking the rope as a way of getting up to the surface. He looked around to spot a wall having a rope ladder dangling into the water near him he seeing it led to the surface of the pool which he forced himself to slow walk to only to bang against something like a wall blocking his way he followed with hands on it by kicking his legs up towards the surface from recalling himself swimming in such pools of water to hunt for fish underneath while as a hunter. He broke through the water breathing the air deeply finding the wall ended in some curve at the water's edge he forcing himself to go over it in a hurry due to fear hitting him unexpectedly and swam towards the pool's edge where the rope ladder was in a fast move going to it to grab the ladder going up it in a fast move and getting himself onto the surface of metal rolling away from it till a foot connected with his body halting his rolling he finding himself on his back to see the foot's owner was Nightwalker without his mask who gave him a glare before leaning down to grab him by the neck after removing his foot and lifting him up from the ground to dangle his feet he feeling himself gagging from the hand tight around his neck while feet dangled as he saw the male looking in a direction with a glare on his face mouth baring his fanged teeth in some gnashing movement. 
Huntsman heard loudly "Put Huntsman down, Nightwalker and yes I get it your jealousy attitude you keep trying to express towards me favoring him when it's obvious that you want me as yours."
He frowned recognizing the voice as Your Excellency felt himself air born away from Nightwalker freed from the male's hold as he felt hands grab a hold of his arms that felt gloved and air born status halted to find himself kneeling with arms behind his back restrained as he looked seeing Nightwalker glaring in a direction he saw Your Excellency come into view from the darkness to underneath a spotlight going towards the male who had hands fisted and teeth bared while giving her narrowed eyed looks he glimpsed the eyes turning all red bloody colored and remained their red status as the female reached the Bloodies' leader. 
Huntsman frowned as he heard blared in his mind "Eye color change abilities among male Bloodies is considered sacred enough and rare to automatically give them the King leadership position as lord over us all Bloodies. That's how Nightwalker got the King leadership position over us on Terra after our ship crashed and he displaying this eye change ability towards us after sucking a Human victim to death despite our original leader didn't survive the crash."
He refrained from talking or commenting any thoughts to Achilles' talk as he continued to eye Your Excellency reach Nightwalker to put a hand on the male's chest to frown as the male grabbed her by the arms in a fast move blurring move getting her wrists together in one hand hold and grabbing her hair pulled in a tail by the tail end to raise her head up and brought his lips straight onto her lips after closing his mouth and appearing to be kissing her on the lips she not resisting to it. 
He heard from Achilles again "Figures that she's the one Nightwalker had mated with that carried his offsprings due to him claiming her as his soon after she was declared pass the cycled age to have offsprings and she always hanging around him while carrying, him seen acting curious enough to put hands on where she's carrying the offsprings to indicate that he's the Father despite curiosity seen and assumed." 
Huntsman frowned to hear nothing more from Achilles as he felt himself lifted to a standing position and hauled away from Nightwalker still kissing Your Excellency to see him break it off to trail kisses to her neck and appeared to be licking the area with his tongue as he was brought to a room indicating public showers to him with a doorway leading elsewhere. He frowned as he was ordered to shower and wash off the pool water's stink including using the soap dispensers which he obeyed once freed to wash himself thoroughly the best he could and didn't spare his sensitive parts as he washed himself quick and then once done turned off the water to get tossed a towel by a guard to notice Achilles not with them. He frowned as he dried himself the best he could then saw a guard aim a handgun at him followed by darted again on his chest making him slid to the floor feeling himself caught by guards and dragged towards the doorway as he fell unconscious to dream of himself back in the room floating near Nightwalker licking Your Excellency's neck. 
He heard an electronic voice come from Nightwalker during a pause of licking "Mine, mine, mine period." 
Huntsman eyed Your Excellency in response who had eyes shut and a pleasant expression on her face that indicated that she was pleasured as Nightwalker got them both onto the floor followed by freeing her wrists and her tailed hair to pull up her skirt tearing at the material blocking the feminine area for him to enter. He frowned watching as Nightwalker adjusted his pants while lying on top of Your Excellency who ran her hands through Nightwalker's hair and saw her arch her back as the male made a thrust movement while settling between her legs she wrapping legs with shoed covered feet around the male's seat in an apparent tight hold. Huntsman continued to watch as Nightwalker made multiple thrusting movements as Your Excellency raised her head baring her neck while hearing her gasp loudly as the male kept his movements seemingly lengthy till the male gave up a jerking motion and the female giving out a loud moaning sound which he figured that Kingship had released himself inside her. Huntsman smelled blood coming to his nose as the scene went black and he found himself lying on his familiar cell's bed clad in his jumpsuit with the lights overhead blaring as usual as he forced himself to get up from bed after opening his eyes going to the blood's source finding an open box holding a familiar holey box he forced himself to use Human form to open finding a heart organ inside he shifted form into earthworm to pick up and gulped down entirely finding it indicated on old age to him instead of the healthy heart use. He once done taking in the nourishment shifted form into his Human form to wipe his mouth of the blood from a towel off the tray and then went to the toilet due to an urge hitting him. He made sure to wash his face and hands thoroughly with water from the sink including a wet wash cloth then dried them both with his towel before going back to his bed to lie his form down onto the pillow staring at the ceiling to again feel an indentation of a book underneath his pillow. He sighed and yanked out the book finding it indicated some book by its thickness but cover showed it was a file instead formed into a book format. 
He yanked it open and began to read the book file saying Nightwalker and his relationships with three females he had as his mates with Your Excellency as the third female. 
He read "The first female dubbed Aria was the one who taught them how to communicate in sign language due to being born deaf and taught how to communicate via hand language via her parents which she later published a full dictionary of all of the signs for the public to know for communicating with their deaf children other than written word." He reads "Aria was paired towards Nightwalker due to him indicating on being fond with her but she was already in her sixties when such a pairing happened that mating would be impossible for it wasn't known back then that females needed the Sonya disease to survive carrying Bloodies' offspring." 
Huntsman frowned finding "Aria died of a heart ailment six months before Nightwalker and his people were freed from the prison they were kept for testing to hunt down animalistic Humans targeting manoids as nourishment for containment." 
He kept reading "A woman named Sonya had some kind of disease in her system that made her sensitive to the sun that worked at the Canadian facility keeping Huntsman Shoots Deer." 
He finding himself named to his surprised "Sonya wound up courted heavily by Nightwalker who managed to get her expecting which she survived the carrying of offspring happening to her. Doctors figured that her skin disease would be ideal for the Bloodies to target females having it for carrying offsprings despite finding death from such carrying from other females who were drained to death from within despite attempts to keep them alive or feed the offspring via needles injected into them while still inside the female." 
He read "Sonya didn't seem to agree to being paired with Nightwalker but was forced to carry three times having two males and a female which once the female reached her third decade is when the skin disease was detected for breeding used." 
He frowned reading that as he read "Once Sonya's duty as being a breeder was done she refused to be paired to Nightwalker as his life long mate instead threw herself head first out the window of a hospital, ground impact killing her instantly." 
Huntsman sensed himself stared at looked to find Achilles standing in the doorway holding his familiar object in his hand that gave off a beep noise before pocketing it away and staring at him he hearing "I like that book back now. You weren't authorized to have it in your possession which I suspect that guards sympathizing with Your Excellency's mating interests towards you put it there."
He exhaled a breath and shut it closed while sitting up to throw the book aimed at Achilles who caught it one handed by the book's spine and handed it to a guard who faded from view as he heard from the male again "Kingship isn't going to be pleased finding this book in your possession despite ordering it kept out of your hands period."
He mentally spoke while eyeing Achilles in response from a memory popping in his mind "Your Excellency's mating interests in me is from seeing my naked form in front of her with this General Heller. She displayed this facial expression I recognized from females having interests in wanting to mate with me displayed aimed at me while I was running around free in Canada meeting females who wanted me for breeding use and not taking no as my answer to refuse their requests for mating. I had instincts controlling me back then that told me to avoid mating with females period despite some exceptions of actually finding myself a victim of such mating while I was passed out asleep. That's do to waking up feeling like I was used for mating due to my clothes focused onto the area weren't put back to its normal positions."
He shifted to look away towards the wall as he heard from Achilles "I'll let Kingship know of what you said excuse me I'm wanted elsewhere." 
He heard the door slam shut in response along with the familiar buzz sounding loudly as he laid his form down on his side and yanked the blanket over his head covering his body due to feeling tired enough to want to sleep shut his eyes passing out unconscious.
To dream of Achilles in the hallway gagged by Nightwalker snarling some loud blaring mental voice he heard "What did that fucker say to you now?! Talk on what the fuck did he said to you!"
Huntsman heard Achilles repeat his words he said to the male verbatim mentally before cutting himself off as Nightwalker's mental voice blared sounding angry "Is that all that fucker said to you?!"
He saw Achilles bob his head in a Human yes gesture while forming a painful expression on his face before freed from Nightwalker's grip to stand with head bowed hand rubbing his throat eyes staring at the ground while noticing the eyes of Nightwalker were all red again. 
Huntsman frowned seeing that as Nightwalker's voice was heard again "So naked Human bodies amuse you Beatrice? Well you won't be amused once I'm done with you. Achilles get Beatrice to my quarters immediately now!"
He saw Achilles fade from view as if obeying Nightwalker's order and saw Nightwalker go to a door peering through the window he seeing that it was his cell and the male raising a fist and mentally speaking he hearing "Blast you Beatrice for wrecking my attempts to get Huntsman out of here and into the Human population due to your mating interests in him you refused to drop. I could smell that interests from you whenever you saw Huntsman despite not smelling it for me period. I'm not happy about having to use a scapegoat, a brand new animalistic Human for explaining why those prisoners of the jail Huntsman was kept in found dead and targeted as reason for their deaths instead of by him pointed. That included having that scapegoat frightened into changing into his animalistic side just to point out that the deaths were by poison targeting their heart organs by that animal digging its mouth into them to bite the organ and have the poison shred it gone as reason why there was poison in their system and hearts gone. One way or another I will have you Huntsman gone from here and out of sight of Beatrice and her traitorous mating interests in you period."
He saw Nightwalker walk out of sight as the dream went black to come to feeling the blanket yanked from covering his head along with a prick of needle like pain into his neck making him pass out unconscious some more to come to feeling rain water pouring over him like a rainstorm while hearing thunder booming and lightening flashing he jerking his eyes open with a start finding himself lying on muddy ground underneath trees bent from the rain's water. He frowned to get up looking around feeling himself clad in his familiar outside outfit while wearing a mask that only bared his eyes despite covering his head entirely and shoes on his feet that felt like they also clung to his ankles other than just his feet. He frowned inwardly to get up looking around and stiffened with a start seeing that he wasn't in the familiar island or in the warehouse room from the trees looking different from what he normally have seen as the rains continued to fall heavily. He felt a familiar urge adjusted his jumpsuit and sighed once done and felt regret not able to wash his hands once he finished and adjusted the outfit back to normal status. 
He figured to himself "I'll take a walk around and see where I could find civilization." 
He felt his left wrist for the familiar bracelet to find to his annoyance it gone from there along with whatever jewelry he had attached to his form gone from him from a self check feeling the areas indicating it free of jewelry. 
He exhaled a breath as he thought to himself "Nightwalker must have dumped me some place isolated with no trackers on just to leave me to fend for myself against nature and leave me to die a victim of animalistic Humans targeting manoids. Ugh his jealousy of Your Excellency seeing me for mating must have gotten the best of him hence I here dumped." 
He felt the rains stopped to his relief as he eyed the sky seeing the sun arrive followed by sticky heat arriving making him feel tired and lethargic which he force himself to move through the forest jungle due to figuring out that he'll find civilization which he found the beach after smelling the ocean despite fearful feelings hitting him forced himself to travel on the beach with the ocean on his right and the forest jungle off his left finding the island he assumed he was on being on the large sized along with signs of animals living there judging by prints of such animals found on the beach appearing to be coming from the ocean and heading towards the forest. He kept up his walking forcing himself to walk despite the heat getting too much for him which he went to the ocean due to figuring out that it'll cool him down to once ankle deep in the water found a grey fin looking sinister nearby out of the water sticking out and sitting there he seeing a grey giant fish like body not budging from its spot but body pointed in his direction. Huntsman groaned and forced himself to sit down in the ankle deep water while splashing the ocean's water onto him trying to keep cool as his senses blared warning unexpectedly from behind which he took a look getting up in a fast move to spy a cluster of bushes moving as he saw a creature looking scaly with four legs and feet walking out with fanged teeth seen from its triangle shaped head and long tail appearing to be headed towards him judging by the beeline it was making. Huntsman quickly darted out of the water in a fast move running fast to take a look behind him to see the animal was taking chase running after him while snapping its mouth open and closed with snapping sounds. Huntsman jogged seemingly lengthy on the beach till he eyed the jungle to spot a tree looking like it could hold him darted towards it to get climbing onto it to reach a branch finding the animal reaching the tree and having a failed effort to climb it in an attempt to reach him. He saw the animal change into a naked Human female that stood on her feet looking at him with some familiar look he recognized from females wanting to mate with him as she began to fondle with her breasts while making a come gesture towards him with her free hand. He felt himself itching to mate from the looks of the female fondling with herself to the point that he felt urged to mate hard. He climbed down from the tree to reach the female finding her pushing him onto the ground and before he could react she changed into her animal form he grabbing the mouth by the edges to keep from biting his face despite attempts to do it repeatedly he kept on thwacking the mouth area away from his face with his hands and hands fisted over and over. Huntsman began to feel himself tiring as he saw the animal change back into a Human that bent down to kiss him on the face while still covered with his mask as he placed hands on the female's cheeks to feel her attempt to yank them off repeatedly despite he pinching her on the area to avoid the yanking. He glared at the female who shifted form back into her animal form which he released his hold to find her whacking him with her head and closed mouth towards his head he blocking with his arms and feeling pain from the whacks each time. He kept it up till the animal shifted form into a Human who sat up straddling him while fiddling with her breasts till he felt something hit him hard onto his head repeatedly over and over he glimpsing a twin to her animal's head found himself passing out unconscious. 

Huntsman came to feeling himself sitting in a seat naked that felt familiar while feeling a familiar motion of a metal ride to him with an eye wear mask covering his eyes and wrists behind his back chained as he felt hands holding his arms in some tight grip that didn't seem familiar to him but felt odd. He frowned shaking his head of sleep but the eye wear mask remained covering his eyes along with the hands feeling clawed to him remained ironclad with fingernails digging into his arms that appeared to be covered by gloves as the ride continued lengthy in one direction till the familiar stopping motion was felt followed by lowering itself and thump vibration felt as he heard the door slam open followed by hands clawed stopped being clawed instead became Human like despite its gloved status and hauled him out of the metal ride keeping his head low while hearing it roaring away and not hearing any other noises. He frowned as the roaring noises and whipping wind became quieter and quieter along with winds stopping abruptly to hear gibberish he figured was spoken language in feminine voice tones followed by a male voice tone cutting them off interrupting them as he felt himself confused to what the voices where talking about as he was pushed to walk his feet feeling wooden slats along with nothing to indicate the ocean to him including feeling himself forced up stairs seemingly lengthy while hearing multiple noises of animals sounding all around him making him confused as he was continued to be led up the stairs till they stopped and he got thrust forwards to be forced to kneel onto something that felt stone like from the feel and blindfold removed from his face which he blinked his eyes from the glare of a spotlight shining overhead illuminating him showing nothing but darkness surrounding him he looking around while hearing the animals' noises stop abruptly by a loud ringing noise he grimacing from it fully on his face. 
He heard the noise stop followed by a male voice speaking gibberish loud and demanding in some questioning tone he spoke loudly in British's language as the voice paused "Don't understand a word your saying. The language I'm speaking is the language I'm fluent in speaking period. I don't know any other languages but if I knew of any I can't remember whether I'm fluent in them or not." 
He heard blared in his mind in response "You bare the face of the original one indicating you from that family line so talk on that now and avoid using the voice option due to that we're not fluent in your spoken language whatever insult you said to us." 
He mentally spoke in response "I said I wasn't fluent in your language and that if I knew of any other languages I can't remember to speak them." 
Huntsman heard mentally "You're balking on the subject we asked you so talk on this now." 
He mentally spoke "Fine I'm told by a leader of the Bloody species as their called for being blood suckers who with others came from a planet that destroyed itself and crashed into Terra too much time ago. I'm told that I'm a descendant of one of their family members having a father who's twin brother with others followed a ship carrying Humans reportedly slaves to Terra that crashed into Brazil and that the survivors mated with each other and then later died off which one of their offsprings had me some Human earthworm hybrid with an ability to outlive normal Human life spans. I wasn't aware of the earthworm ability till some female cursed me of being that including targeting manoids for eating a specific organ that beats in their chests as nourishment which I turned animalistic for too much time till some female broke that status and got me Human thinking like. Besides I spent too much time in lock up facilities till which is right now is when I was introduced to the Bloodies themselves and meeting their leader some King including one of them pointed out to be a family member who didn't seem to accept me at all. Plus the only reason why I was dumped onto that island was due to the King's jealousy towards me of some Human female he was courting as his, kept finding some interests of wanting to mate with me hence he dumping me just to stop this interests." 
He stopped talking as he heard foreign language sounding loudly in some annoyed male voice tone lengthy followed by multiple male and female voices speaking foreign language all over the place till the familiar ringing noise sounded again which he frowned as he heard blaring in his mind "Describe this King of Bloodies to us by appearance and whether he displayed any unusual abilities." 
He spoke mentally what he's seen from Nightwalker and explained via his family member Achilles including the information on the six Bloodies themselves he learned via book files he was given and what Nightwalker's claims of relations between one of them and himself by facial appearance looking twin and some test dubbed DNA taken which proven the family relations. 
He stopped talking as foreign language sounded again seemingly lengthy followed by multiple voices chattering interrupting the male's talking till the familiar ringing noise sounded again and a male voice speaking mentally "Interesting hearing what you said but can you say the location of where this King you dub Nightwalker is?"
He mentally spoke "I believe the place he's at is some lockup facility for animalistic Humans he runs as its leader with his own people controlling things for him, is on an island dubbed Three Mile Island in Long River Place State that is a part of the United States of America's territory I believe is one of the original eight states of the U.S.A. on their mainland."
He stopped talking to again hear foreign language spoken to realize that there was a Bloody or some hybrid Bloody receiving his talk and translating his words to the people for all to hear in their foreign language due to unable to get it his spoken language as he again heard multiple voices chattering all over followed by the familiar ringing noise. 
Huntsman heard the voice speaking "Pray tell is your name hmm?"
He mentally spoke "I'm dubbed Huntsman."
He frowned as the voice translated his words then added "Your full given name now."
He spoke mentally "Huntsman Shoots Deer." 
He frowned as the voice translated followed by a multiple animal noises sounding loudly in tones that seemed angry to him he realizing that he was in trouble as something hit him on the back of the head repeatedly getting him to the point to slid to the ground shutting his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing water lapping noises while feeling a rocking motion and lying on wooden slats with a furry blanket covering him up to his chest. He jerked open his eyes sitting up finding it was daylight with sun shining overhead, himself on some wooden slat flat boat floating on the ocean water that was vast in sight in all directions and nothing to indicate land to him while feeling the ocean's current had caught a hold of the boat and was tugging it in a direction he not sure of where it was going. 
Huntsman frowned rubbing a hand on his chest over his nipple to feel the familiar piercing jewelry not there as he hoped it would be to groan loudly as he forced himself to lie down throwing the fur blanket over his head and shut his eyes due to thinking to himself "Its going to be awhile before I'll be found floating on this thing anyway so I might as well conserve my strength."
He remained lying to recall meeting some female tester while contained in a Canadian lockup facility just prior to his transfer to Three Mile Island facility saying to his face "We have injected a tracker device into your spinal column's bone that is permanently tracking you regardless of you using Human or earthworm form."
They had refused to explain to him of how they were tracking him. He recalled being sent to a stairwell meeting two people both females who sent him up the stairs to a hallway having six open doors on both sides. 
Them telling him on the stairwell "You're to go into one of the rooms leaving the door open while having numbers on them with us not looking. We want to prove that you're implanted with a tracker device within you." 
He continued to recall going into the hallway and taking the door further from the stairwell entrance while looking around in the hallway to see it didn't indicate any camera domes or anything to track him in the hallway which he went inside a room finding it appeared to be a bedroom with a bed near the window having some kind of blanket with white flaky stuff on it that made him disgusted. He found another bed that didn't indicate anything on its blanket opt to sit down on the floor instead seemingly lengthy while hearing a beeping noise become from faint to faster loudly and louder till the two females arrived in the room with nothing to indicate an object giving off the beeping noise in their hands that was sounding rapid fire paced once they reached him to find the noise cutting itself off once they grabbed his arms and lifted him to a standing position and hauled him out of the room.
Them commenting to him loudly "Your to keep your mouth shut about the tracker for if you blabbed about it to people we'll know of it and will punish you in some painful way you don't want to know what we have in mind." 
Huntsman frowned recalling that memory mentally spoke to himself "Well I have to hope that tracker is tracking me on where I'm going enough to find me. It won't be long before they'll find me so I guess I'll sleep till they signal their arrival." 

Huntsman recalled the memory fully in his mind while hugging the blanket around his naked form shivering of cold hitting him while still on the boat that had traveled on the ocean surface for too many days he stopped counting after the seventh day. To fume of anger recalling that his heavy whipping of his back leaking blood must have pointed out the tracker attached to him that was found and removed hence he not getting any help as soon as he hoped. He felt himself hungry from his stomach rumbling in hunger and still unable to change into his earthworm form due to fears of the ocean water all around him kept him Human period. He cuddled the blanket around his form shivering of coldness hitting him as he felt the boat jolt which he moved balancing it to see a white object in the water hitting it repeatedly before floating away which he turned around and groaned finding the ocean littered with white jagged objects of various sizes some looking like giant hills sticking out of the water as the boat again got hit by the floating objects as the ocean's current led it through the field. He groaned and holding the blanket tight around him reached his hand into the water towards a jagged object touching it to yelp of pain hitting his hand along with his hand looking red from the touch. He groaned again wrapped the blanket around his form and eyed the jagged floating objects warily each time they came near his boat while hitting it repeatedly over and over as it went through the field. Huntsman smelled blood unexpectedly along with feeling a leaking feeling from his left hand he touched the jagged object with eyed his hand to see a line on his palm leaking blood making him groan loudly as he dunked his hand into the water only to feel the pain stop along with removing his hand to feel the blood washed away but the cut remained which he adjusted the blanket around his form still shivering as the jagged objects continued to hit his boat repeatedly till he heard a crack sound sounding loudly he wasn't sure what it was. He lurched into a standing position as part of the boat broke off breaking away by a jagged object coming from underneath it tearing it away leaving him standing room only on his boat. Huntsman stiffened realizing while still clinging to the blanket while standing onto the boat seeing that the jagged objects were going to destroy his boat forcing him to swim among them. He kept on standing on the remains of his boat till he fell backwards by the boat tipping him that way to land on something painfully jarring his back but the blanket protected him he clung to his form and adjusted his form to sit finding himself on a jagged object floating in the ocean among the field of them he still wrapped with his blanket. Huntsman continued to sit on the object seemingly lengthy floating in the ocean in the opposite direction of where his boat took him while hit by various twin objects he keeping himself seated till he lurched backwards sliding into the water still clinging to the blanket finding it heavy in the water and dragging him under despite attempts to reach the surface. He was forced to let go of the blanket and reached the surface breathing the air deeply to grab one of the floating objects by arms around it only to yelp in pain as he released his hold finding cuts in his arms from the arm hold. Huntsman forced himself to swim in the water that felt like it was freezing cold while hit by jagged objects repeatedly that gave his body various cuts each time they hit him or each time he touched them. He kept up the swimming seemingly lengthy till exhaustion began to overtake him along with noticing that he was bleeding heavily from the jagged objects' touching him whether by hitting him or him touching them. He felt himself too tired to swim any more laid on his back and floated in the water feeling himself getting sleepy and sleepier enough to want to shut his eyes which he shook his head of the sleepiness till it got too much for him shut his eyes feeling himself slipping underneath the water swallowing it as he felt himself drowning.

Only to come to feeling himself warm while wearing his familiar jumpsuit on his form and a blanket covering him up to his chest he jerked open his eyes finding himself back in his familiar cell feeling confusion on how he got to there after drowning in an ocean. He sat up feeling himself indicating of pain which he rolled his sleeve finding no sign of the jagged objects' cutting onto the area along with seeing nothing on his hands felt himself rather confused as he heard the familiar buzz of the jail cell door opening which he looked rolling down his sleeve to find Your Excellency with a glare on her face, standing in the doorway behind two kneeling on one knee guards pointing guns aimed at him. Huntsman frowned eyeing her warily seeing nothing on her facial expression or eyes indicating on mating towards him as she stared at him with narrowed eyes indicating a calculating look to him making him nervous unexpectedly. 
Huntsman heard "You sure you want to mate with Huntsman, Your Excellency?"
He stiffened from the words hearing a feminine voice sounding oddly accented to him as he saw a female with looks of the Bloody species' males in a feminine look next to Your Excellency still having that calculating look in her eyes. 
He frowned at the question eyeing the female Bloody he assumed was her species as he heard "He gives me a mating feeling I haven't felt towards males since that incident of some animalistic human targeting me too much time ago and nearly killing me with the offspring I carried. Hmph I admit that the doctors had to remove my baby carrier on a permanent basis. That's due to the offspring giving them deadly resistance on being removed from there while inside me hence they taking out my baby carrier and finding that the offspring refused to budge from being removed from it no matter what method they used involving its snake species giving heavy resistance. They had to kill that thing while inside my baby carrier in some method of burning both to death in some fire trap due to using the baby carrier as a part of it like some shell and targeting nearby manoids to eat despite failed attempts to get it out indicating that attached shell status. That's when someone luckily got a hold of it and tried to yank it out unsuccessfully indicating that the baby carrier had become a part of it is which is when they decided to burn it to death in some fire trap instead of drugging it and doing surgery to remove the baby carrier and implant it back inside me."
Huntsman frowned eyeing Your Excellency who paused to give off a throat clearing noise then continued talking "As a result I had to put up with taking heavy medicinal injections from being implanted with a foreign baby carrier that I developed the Sonya disease. Was used for carrying offspring for your species fathered by Nightwalker himself mating with me who developed some unhealthy obsession of wanting me as his. Me repeatedly telling him off that I had a belief that there were females of his species such as yourself, Lupita, living in Brazil and elsewhere in South America he refusing to check onto that theory." 
He frowned eyeing the female Bloody he figured was named Lupita, who spoke in response to Your Excellency becoming quiet "Well rest assured that Nightwalker's purposely dumping Huntsman here onto one of the islands in the Caribbean that resulted in captured by my people was a coincidence. He didn't know that there were Bloody species having control of the islands. I do warn you that his identity as Huntsman Shoots Deer as he calls himself caused trouble among the animalistic species in believing his words. One of them was a descendant of an animalistic Human that was told that her Father was killed by his hand hence he believed to be a liar when he mentioned Nightwalker to us."
He stiffened hearing that as she kept talking "Unfortunately his ability to mental talk to a Bloody male and receive communication proved his words to be the truth including his facial appearance twin to one of the Bloodies who was pointed out that twinning. Too bad the animalistic Humans managed to get their hands onto him and dumped him onto a raft into the ocean. It took us too long to find a way of contacting Nightwalker himself. Due to how primitive we were with technology for traveling over land, ocean and air including running into immigration officers who were hesitant to let us through. Not aware of the Bloody species which took too long to let us into the U.S.A. via Georgia state which we had to figure out where Long River Place State was and a way of getting to there. By the time we got to there and told of Huntsman having formerly wearing trackers that were removed due to Nightwalker's jealousy towards him. You seeing him as a mate and told of another facility he stayed in is when we contacted Yukon for any tracking methods involved with him."
Huntsman formed a frown on his face as Lupita continued talking "Its a good thing that Yukon kept updates of tracking Huntsman's movements including updating the technology involved with tracking him. That they reported that he was on some sea vessel indicating ocean current by how slow it was. Headed towards the Sea King's ocean area. That they already sent a vessel to pick him up due to suspecting something wrong judging by the beeline he was making towards that area. They managed to find him unconscious lying on an iceberg. Unsure of how he got to there. They found wreckage of a wooden raft floating among the icebergs. Figured that he got thrown into the water and knocked himself out. Along with landing onto one of the icebergs that kept him from drowning. Judging by its jagged edge sticking in his back and his body keeping that thing from turning over."
He groaned softly hearing that as he saw Lupita give him a glaring stare look followed by she speaking "You care to say what really happened to you hmm?"
He sighed softly and inhaled to speak his entire sea adventure including his problems with the jagged objects he figuring out that they were icebergs by her wording and falling unconscious to slip underwater. Not knowing what happened next other than waking up in his cell feeling pain all over and his body not indicating of cuts from the icebergs. 
He clamped his mouth shut once done to frown eyeing Lupita who spoke sounding annoyed "Typical male attitude who thinks they can handle anything themselves without bothering to ask anyone to help them out." 
He groaned softly and heard from Your Excellency "Well Lupita, you got a problem with me insisting on mating with him?"
He frowned eyeing Lupita who looked away appearing to be aimed at Your Excellency who spoke "Beatrice, tell me that your baby carrier is removed permanently. An egg of a giant earthworm will get into your baby carrier via him transmitting that. Enough to incubate the egg for the earthworm to get out and grow to a giant size. A gestation of three lunar months. Making the female looking like she's about to birth a Human baby before digging itself out of her through the abdomen wall. Then the shock of leaving her body causes heart failure enough to kill her instantly. Despite failed attempts to restart her heart done with no results of that happening again. This always happens to Human females. Animalistic females give birth from ten to thirty regular sized earthworms. That target living manoids including the Mother. If she's still alive to burrow inside them to eat their heart organ to form a colony. Till the body breaks down then leave the body to another manoid to resume its colony work over again."
He eyed Your Excellency in response who spoke "I assure you that my baby carrier has been removed after the birth of my son. I was getting fed up with the heavy medicinal injections to keep my body from rejecting the foreign organ within me. I had it removed immediately after my son's birth. You'll find records of it at the Atlanta, Georgia state's Hospital. I'm authorizing you to check to be sure. I'm willing to fill out the necessary paperwork for you to check out that fact and make sure its what the doctors' told me of its removal. Not having monthly courses related to Human females. That despite some friendship feelings towards the King Cobra rattlesnake species. Enough to have one as a pet and them treating me friendly behavior in response. Instead of targeting manoids trying to handle them with deadly biting force."
Huntsman frowned hearing that shifted to look at Lupita who spoke "Fine. I'll get this done immediately. So come with me while I take you to the command center for communicating to that hospital this authorization of medical information so follow me." 
He frowned as he heard in response "Don't bother I know the way. Nightwalker made sure I memorized the facility and its contents. Including how to run the place very clearly in case the public got their way and had me take over. Them still debating on whether to have me run the place. Despite curious about Nightwalker himself and his oddities."
Huntsman frowned forming it on his lips as the females left his cell followed by the guards. He saw the door slam shut behind them which he rubbed a hand on his head finding it still without any hair to his annoyance laid his form down shutting his eyes. Only to smell something suspiciously like sleeper smoke making him cough again as he kept himself lying down with eyes shut to pass out unconscious to come to. Finding himself back in his caged room from the feel of earth on his back familiar again to smell blood of a heart organ near him making him excitedly hungry and itching to eat it. Found himself changing form into his earthworm form which he easily found the nourishment and pounced onto it gulping it down. Including digging himself underground pouncing onto various heart organs buried inside all indicated on being Human to him. He once done hit the ground's surface to shift form to Human lying on the ground on his back. Feeling himself getting his strength back but not fully up to his strong strength's standards. He again felt the familiar pain hitting him jerked spasm his body as he felt his jumpsuit get tighter and tighter on his form. He forced himself to tear it off with such force finding it completely off him as he felt himself regain his strength and his hair again. Continued to lie onto the ground as he felt a prick of pain of a needle dart hitting his chest shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep passed out unconscious. To come to finding himself back in his cell clad in a new jumpsuit fitting him perfectly along with his head shaved again to his annoyance finding his hair gone from there from the feel of his hand on the area. He looked around to hear the door open to sit up with a start to find Lupita standing in the doorway with a smirk on her face he frowning at her expression.
Lupita he stared at spoke "Well its going to take awhile before Beatrice gets her way to mate with you. The hospital once contacted is claiming that they never removed Beatrice's baby carrier. Saying that she was a Sonya that couldn't have courses but could carry Bloody males' offsprings. They always used the excuse of having baby carrier removed towards Sonya females to explain why they weren't having regular feminine courses. The hospital like any other hospital aware of the Bloody species has always said the same old claims that the excuse was put in place. Including the age limit of when Sonya females could conceive offspring. To keep the Bloody species' males from finding out that Sonya females could conceive offspring from the age of nineteen to the age of forty five. Hence Beatrice found to be expecting again. They like the hospitals aware of the Bloody species ordered by the General at the time. Were purposely trying to control the Bloody species' population due to fears of a massacre of Bloodies targeting Humans and animals in some feeding frenzy for blood. Some passed down ancient story of witnesses claiming that there were some water animal species still unknown who they were to this day. Having feeding frenzies on fishes to cause a massacre and near extinction of them. Hence this water species targeted in response to cut down their numbers for the fishes to grow to numerous again. This hunting stopped for without a reason for it. Some story of a King claiming that he didn't like the hunting and ordered it banned period. The ban is still effective today despite the species not identified yet. "
Huntsman frowned hearing that as Lupita paused to give off a chuckle sound before adding "Ah one thing Sonya females have advantage over Human females is that the offspring can't be aborted. Some classified law by a President back then aware of the Bloody species created that law in the first place to avoid abortions of offsprings carried by Sonya females. Too bad he didn't know of there some female Bloodies still living at that time when he created that law after the Bloody species' existence was pointed out. The population of Bloodies has been growing pretty well to our standards. It'll be awhile before we Bloodies take over Terra and get it underneath our control enough to run things our way. Hah." 
Huntsman spoke as if recalling something "That story of your planet exploding was that a lie or from too many Bloodies living on there hence a group sent off to populate another planet?"
He glared at Lupita who spoke "Oh sorry that story wasn't a lie. Our home world planet really did suffer some disaster that caused its death of burning itself out and exploding. Caused the survivors of the disaster to travel to Terra tracking a homing beacon left from a ship chasing a ship full of valuable Human slaves. Both got into a fight once arriving to Terra and crashed into Brazil. The survivors came to some kind of agreement of mating with each other forming offspring to populate the planet. It indicating of only holding animal life and no other manoid life found in searches. Which was done." 
Huntsman spoke "Then what's with the bit of Nightwalker claiming me as an offspring of an offspring of the survivors? Related to one of the original Bloodies via third ship? Explain why I lived out living normal Human life spans they claim is unheard of for animalistic Humans to do?"
He frowned eyeing Lupita who spoke "Alright Nightwalker isn't kidding on that family relations towards Achilles judging by his and your faces being twinning. Something we found among a member of our own people living in South America who's face's twinning was pointed out after you were knocked unconscious by the animalistic Humans. Besides you proved that offspring heritage bit by receiving Bloody male mental talk. You communicating back to him mentally easily. Something seen from offsprings of offsprings of the survivors of the crashes. Having that ability but it doesn't get passed down onto their own offsprings. Despite a parent offspring mental talk communication connection."
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as Lupita kept talking "I believe you should know what that is. You escaping a facility in Yukon with the help of offsprings. Them tested and not showing anything like Human intelligence till they were in your presence is when they showed that behavior. There's recordings showing some kind of mental communication behaviors between you and those offsprings in question. Indicated them thinking of Human intelligence via you communicating to them mentally and them communicating to you back. Those recordings focused onto the traps' areas to see whether you would get caught into them again. Despite you captured in such trap too long ago. So care to explain how you avoided those traps and had your offsprings get caught into them?"
He groaned softly and spoke from memories of the set traps fully in his mind while accompanied by his offsprings "I remember fully how I was captured into a trap to avoid going into them. Them indicating on twinning to the trap that captured me despite multiple versions used. My offsprings insisted that I eat the bait by them going inside the trap and hauling the body to the point where I could grab it and yank it out. Didn't matter which form I used for the yank outs. It'll always trigger the trap to shut containing my offsprings. This continued till all of my offsprings were contained in traps and I forced to prey onto traveling on foot manoids. I kept up the targeting till that freezing cold snowstorm hit abruptly. Making the earth too hard for me to travel in is when I was forced to take shelter in some cave. Is where they found me in my Human form and transported me to the Yukon facility to flaunt some new tracking method implant use. Unexplained to me on how they managed to track me before transferring me to here." 
He clamped his mouth shut in response while eyeing Lupita who gave off an Hmm sound before speaking "Interesting. Considering Beatrice's mating interests towards you was a side effect from having a courtship relationship and pregnancy with an animalistic Human. Whose form was similar to an earthworm but is dubbed rattlesnake actually. She habitually as said by the hospital have been targeting males who have twin animalistic forms. Regardless of them earthworm or snake or not for mating attempts. The Sonya disease was discovered during them testing her on why this rattlesnake dubbed King Cobra only found in Asia Minor, was friendly with her handling it bare handed. Despite violently biting when handled by manoids using protection."
He frowned hearing that eyed Lupita who paused then spoke "Anyway you don't need to worry about Nightwalker causing you any trouble. His King leadership's position required him to be elsewhere leading the Bloody species. They indicated strongly through their ambassadors sent to see him on wanting him as their leader at where their currently living in South America. He wound up taking the Bloody society's leaders including Achilles under his leadership along with him. So sorry you won't be receiving any visits from Achilles for awhile. I assure you that you'll receive visits from another family member who's also a descendant of the family line that originated you. Was convinced to make the trip and take residence within the facility to keep an eye onto you. Like I'm doing towards Bloodies living in the USA hunting and controlling animalistic Humans targeting manoids as their nourishment."
He frowned as he saw her fade from view followed by the guards fading as the door slid shut in response along with a loud beep noise appearing to be coming from above which he glanced at the camera dome with annoyance running through him.
Huntsman realized "Lupita turned off the recorder to talk to me privately. The turned off became noticed hence she making a disappearing act to make it seem like it was just a computer glitch with the thing." 
He exhaled a breath to spot in front of the door as if drawn was a familiar box on a tray with a towel next to it. He sighed and got up attacking the box finding it contained a human heart organ which he took in after shifting forms then once done shifted back to wipe his mouth with the towel and went to the sink to wash his face thoroughly with the washcloth then put it away and dried his face. He went to his bed to sit leaning against the wall and pulled his pillow to find another book underneath there he yanked and place his head rest back including finding the book was hardcover from the feel of it despite it looking soft cover to him and had black out ink on its spine despite its cover being entirely black with wording on the cover scrawled in some fancy gold writing that made him annoyed to see due to recalling coming upon bands of people traveling in Canada in the early one thousandth twenties calling themselves missionaries trying to convert people to their religious cult's beliefs making him disgusted with the book as he opened it to skim it to find it was indicating on something else than a religious Human cult to him. He got to the first page and began reading the book some kind of printed in type word diary copied from a handwritten diary.
He read "I was used as a food slave to the planet's Bloodies' King and leader."
He found himself grimacing finding "I didn't agree to the food slavery and kept chained near the King via leash for him to feed anytime he liked." 
He found this diary included entries from other Human slaves descendants of that female also kept as food slaves "The King seemed to be living forever." 
The diary only passed down onto females of the line "The King has always balking on feeding off males and liking females all sharing the same points of views of being a food slave." 
He frowned wondering why he was given the book in the first place as he continued to read in it counting about five Human female slaves writing short entries in it. 
He came to the part "Several Human slaves managed to escape into the daylight hours to traveling via space ship off the planet with another ship taking pursuit." 
He frowns as he finds the diary shifts views to talk about traveling via space ship with the King and his society's leaders and survivors of the planet's disaster. 
The writer writes "I accuse the Bloody species of the responsibility for trying to create a permanent darkness shield to cover the planet with eternal darkness just to avoid the sunlight and daylight hours shining onto it. The Human slaves used that time to either escape their masters to hide elsewhere or kill them sleeping. That time forces them into some lengthy sleeping status hence the Humans blamed for extinction of the Bloodies' females. The males finding them not waking up from their sleeping statuses and indicating on a fatal injury onto their bodies' forms suggested that the Human slaves killed them in their sleep." 
He kept frowning as he reads "The Bloodies' females weren't really killed by Human slaves but by animalistic Humans kept as pets in animal forms turning onto them as they slept hence their injuries indicating on that and that they didn't favor which gender when they did the death targeting. Human slaves wound up blamed for the extinction due to animalistic Humans hiding themselves as animals very well from the Bloodies themselves who were clueless of this status till they landed onto Terra is when this fact became known." 
He heard the door open abruptly looked up to stare at Lupita standing in the doorway with eyes' narrowed in a glare appearing to be focused onto the book he was reading which he exhaled a breath as he felt the book snatched from his hand from a guard using blurring speed who thrust it to her. 
He eyed Lupita who peered through the book skimming it seeing the expression on her face turned into a glare followed by speaking "Find out who gave him this junky book in the first place and have that fool punished for it. Its contents are inappropriate for him to read despite indicating on something else by its cover involving something I don't appreciate finding among prisoners and staff members here so go burn this thing in the garbage deposal while you're at it." 
He saw her thrust the book at a guard who faded from view he seeing the male backing out in a fast move out of sight followed by Lupita heard as he focused onto her "I assure you, Huntsman, that the junk that book is sprouting isn't true but some lie to make people view other people in a negative point of view very strongly enough to influence that negativity. The public at the moment hasn't seemed very welcoming towards the Bloody species despite books with various fiction themes including some truths made talking about them in a positive light not taken seriously enough to buy those books and their doing the same towards books with a negative view too. That's despite some Bloody species themed series in the romance genre have turned out to be hugely popular among the public in the United States and its territories mostly among females who have been buying those books like mad regardless of who wrote that book series in the first place. They still keep finding those books popular due to that those females think the Bloody males are superheroes to protect females for anything on the way of gaining them as their mates hence they always given that answer as reason why they buy those books Hmph."
Huntsman didn't comment a response as Lupita paused to hear a beep sound above followed by her adding sounding annoyed "Get this tray with the mess included out of here and do something about it now." 
He frowned still eyeing Lupita who continued once he figured that her order was done "Be visiting you later once it's appropriate to do so, so take a nap or something. I believe you need the rest badly from your ocean trip." 
He saw her walk out before he could comment a response as the door slid shut behind her which he exhaled a breath and inhaled to lay his form down onto the bed to again feel an indentation of a book behind his pillow making him annoyed again which he yanked out finding it had a couple in a clinch on the paper's cover covering the hardcover of the book with the male looking like a blonde with cat like eyes aimed at the female looking Human to him with dark brown hair. He sighed again and leaned his back against the wall to open the book beginning to read it to find it was the same book he was reading before Lupita's nosiness took it away from him he forcing himself to reread the parts he already read to come upon the book.
The book wound up detailing "The King was thought as dead at first after coming out of the ship. He was having an injury to his head leaking blood and arm appearing broken collapsing onto the ground and not moving and resisting attempts to wake up." 
He was stiffening from reading to realize "The King mentioned in the diary and Nightwalker was the same person."
As he continued to read "A Human male dubbed Julian by the Humans finding his body later, was caught wandering near the explosion of the ship and used to trigger the King to wake up from his sleeping status by cutting the Human's neck by knife and thrusting it onto the King's mouth who woke up to suck the male to death healing him of his injuries from the blood turning out to be pure enough to do its healing job entirely." 
He kept reading "The King used the lie excuse to the Humans who he and five others were trying to establish contact for learning more about Terra. Julian found him and helped him heal his injuries and he sucked him to death in thinking he was responsible for his injuries when it was the ship's crash doing it as pointed out by his people." 
Huntsman continued to read the book till lights dimmed above and heard a familiar electronic voice speaking "Sleep mode required now."
He sighed and marked where he was in the book by putting it on the floor still open but cover facing up and laid his form down onto the bed pulling the blanket onto his body covering him up entirely and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing a familiar ringing noise waking him up by jerking open his eyes he finding himself in a standing position with wrists' manacled above him holding him up to his tiptoes as he saw Lupita in the spotlight holding his familiar book in her hand and a glare on her face who stripped the book of its cover showing his familiar diary book in its place. 
Huntsman gulped as she spoke sounding angry "I'm ordering you to tell us whenever such a book such as the lying junk you were told not to read comes into your possession regardless of how its disguised or not. Start the whipping now for the deception of not pointing out the junky book disguised as some romance themed novel."
He grimaced as he felt the whip hit his back repeatedly over and over he refusing to count while grinding his teeth till he smelled a familiar smell making him itching to shift form too strongly obeyed doing it to head towards the stink in a fast move only to feel fear hitting him abruptly that made him curl into a ball remaining in his earthworm form ignoring everything around him as the smell and fear continued to hit back and forth he refusing to budge from his position on the metallic ground. 
Huntsman felt a foot of a manoid kicking him repeatedly over and over till he shifted back into his Human form to feel the shoed foot slam down onto his chest he finding its owner was Lupita who bent down speaking "Your not the only one who sees manoids as nourishment around here hence you smelling a familiar scent of blood dripping as reported by the Bloodies the guards smelling it when they were feeding a manoid eater contained in some pool I believe your acquainted with. It tried to target you while you were getting out of the pool despite you using its tentacles as a rope. Thing took pity onto you and brought you to the surface where you managed to get some oxygen in before dumping you back to the bottom of the pool before targeting you for eating while you were swimming away from it."
He stiffened from Lupita's words who added after removing her foot "Get up Huntsman and see how this manoid eater feeds."
He frowned but obeyed as guards appeared grabbing his arms and bought him through the darkness he squinting to see as spotlights behind turned off to blink from a glare of a spotlight shining over a pool of water in ground holding the familiar blobbed animal he eyeing it warily as he heard Lupita behind speaking "Toss that thing what it wants but no it can't be Huntsman for it to feed off of."
He felt himself thrust aside to see guards pulling open a bag via zipper showing a Human male looking rather middle aged, naked inside having blood leaking from a head injury indicating a bullet weapon he grimaced seeing. He watched as the guards hauled out the body and carried it around the pool not so big in size to drop it into the water near the blobbed animal he watching as the male's body sank underwater. 
He heard "Keep watching" from Lupita. 
As the guards holding his arms tighten becoming ironclad which he watched as the animal dunked itself underwater to see its blueness turn a different color indicating the blobbed thing had gotten a hold of the dead body and was busy feeding off it. He frowned inwardly as the animal appeared back onto the surface but this time showing its tentacle side while clinging to the Human's body and appeared to be clinging to it hard as he heard a sound that made him disgusted to see the male's body become flatter and flatter to the point that it was very thin and skeletal before thrown in the air landing out of the pool onto the metallic ground bouncing a bit before becoming still which made him disgusted seeing the male's body as he was roughly hauled away from the pool by guards doing it as the spotlight from behind shut off plunging the room in darkness he squinting on trying to see where he was going till he was forced to sit down in a familiar seat that felt like a wheelchair and chained to it followed by a familiar feeling of a needle dart sticking into his neck putting him asleep to pass out unconscious only to come to feeling himself itching to expel finding himself back into his cell which he got up and hit the toilet to find himself not clad in jumpsuit or any clothing on his form. He gave himself a through washcloth bath then looked around the cell to find a dresser in the corner he saw.
He figured "Must hold clothing." 
He opened to find the top drawer had three orange jumpsuits and a pair of thick holey shoes. 
He figured "The holey shoes involved slipping onto my feet." 
He put a jumpsuit onto his form. He opened the second drawer to find a pillow and two blankets folded inside it. He opened the third drawer to find it containing various reading material he examining to find none of them included that junky diary as Lupita calls it. He found to his disgust all the books totaling twenty of them were Romance themed judging by their covers and blurbs on the backs indicating it all focused onto the Bloody male species seen as heroes and appeared to be series he finding three series by three different authors all females indicating them as fully Humans. Huntsman picked through the books finding the beginning of a five book series by one author and yanked it out slamming the dresser drawer shut and going to his bed to sit reading the book seemingly lengthy with breaks to take in nourishment.
The familiar voice blared interrupting him "Sleep mode now."
He sighed and obeyed putting the book onto the floor marking his place and shut his eyes as he laid down pulling the blanket overhead fallen asleep. 

Huntsman woke up hearing the familiar electronic voice ordering him awake. He groaned and went to pick up the book finding it was the same thing. He groaned softly finding himself engrossed into the book he finding himself laughing at the male a vampire's attempts to get a female into bed with him. It made him giggle from finding the female kept flat out refusing the male repeatedly. Huntsman grunted once the book was snatched out of his hands he finding the snatcher was Lupita standing in the doorway a glare on her face. 
He felt annoyance take hold to give her a glare and spoke "Why the fuck did you take that fucking book away from me? I was enjoying reading it!"
Huntsman glared at Lupita who gave the book in her hand a quick examination followed by tossing it back onto him losing his place in the thing. He glared at Lupita who faded from view followed by hearing the familiar beep of the camera recorder turned on to his annoyance. Huntsman looked down onto the book to discover held in his hands was a yellow file stuck into the book in its place. He groaned and thumped the book down onto the floor and opened the file he discovered it was a manuscript complete with a red pen. 
He felt annoyance to find a yellow sticker note attached on one blank page saying "Correct the mistakes in the story by marking them."
He gave up a loud sound of disgust and without a word began to read the story titled "Mara's Story."
Huntsman came to the end of the story appearing to be a love story involving letters to Elizabeth, he unsure of the name. He wound up finding a letter included with the story to his annoyance. Huntsman at the moment of typing this doesn't remember the contents of the letter but knows it was from Anna Alina via the typed print in it. Huntsman wound up finishing the letter then groaned softly to frown sensing himself stared at to find Lupita standing in the doorway holding Achilles' familiar object in her hand. 
He spoke firmly "Cut the fucking timing, Lupita!"
Huntsman glared at Lupita who spoke "You didn't do anything marking wise to that story."
He heard the accusation in her voice tone which he spoke "Well I have to read the fucking story first before I do anything marking wise. Just so I would know what's its fucking theme is. So fuck off now."
He glared at Lupita who gave up a loud harrumph sound followed by seeing a male with Nightwalker's looks complete with the mask and suit but his intense black Human eyes were creeping him out appear behind her with arms folded. 
He gulped figuring to himself "That's not Nightwalker but some other Bloody male pretending to be him."
He eyed the male warily as Lupita formed shock on her face followed by turning around bowing her head and speaking loudly "You have my respects Fang."
Huntsman frowned eyeing Fang he figured he'll call him grab Lupita and yanked her out of the cell shutting the door. He sighed and flipped the file back to the beginning intending to read the story again.
He wound up hearing "That story was intended to be a romance novel by this Sonya she using the pen name of Anna Alina."
Huntsman looked up finding Fang standing in the doorway with an all red eyed look making him nervous as he heard again "Just do what you can with that story with your point of view of how it should be done romance wise."
He didn't comment a response as Fang backed up and found the door shut and began reading the story again this time marking X's on parts. He focused onto seeing too much involving the word despite over and over including not in a good way.
Huntsman wound up thinking "I think this part should be taken out."
Huntsman found himself reaching the end of the story placed the file in front of the door along with the pen then resumed sitting down on his bed only to cough feeling sleeping gas fill his cell. He forced himself to lie down onto his bed shutting his eyes passing out unconscious.

Huntsman came to smelling blood he found his earthworm side refused to take control no matter how he willed it forwards. He jerked open his eyes with a glare to find Lupita standing next to him bare of clothes while chained to a metal bed. He glared at Lupita with annoyance running through him as she looked at him with a sneering look in her eyes. 
He glared at her as she spoke "Well Fang's gone home so I'm left with you to play with. Hah, ha."
He heard the tone of her voice that put him off to glare at her with annoyance running through him making him snarl "Go fuck yourself."
Huntsman got Lupita grabbing a hold of his sensitive part in a tight grip making him squirm from her hand's hold. He squirmed feeling her hand rubbing the area up and down making him gasp from the feel of her hand's movements. He gasped of pleasure while staring at the ceiling's spotlight only to find himself not satisfied by Lupita's hand leaving him and he felt himself injected with a drug in his neck knocking him out unconscious.

Huntsman came to finding himself back into his familiar caged room he waking up and looked around to find on the gangplank was Lupita trying to wake up a Sonya female chained and appearing to look nude while in a wheelchair. 
The sight of the naked female made him think to himself "What's going on with Lupita to do that towards Sonyas?"
He wound up finding Lupita kept her back towards him while the female Sonya woke up he discovering her looking younger than Lupita's third decade age to him. He frowned as he smelled the familiar heart organ dumped into the caged area triggering his earthworm side as always. He wound up eating the hearts buried all around the caged area then went to resume a kneeling pose while eyeing Lupita keeping her back to him while facing the Sonya. He found the Sonya was staring at Lupita intensively like she and the female were communicating via mental talk. Huntsman frowned inwardly to find the Sonya female knocked out unconscious via drugged status as he found Lupita doing a finger jabbing gesture aimed at him. He found a dart imbedded into his back to slide to the ground going unconscious.

Huntsman recalled later reading a book "My Life as a Vampire" by Anna Alina that talked about a Sonya female named Amyanna and her mate a Nightwalker like twin taking control of this facility. Including Amyanna's point of view of meeting him he discovered himself. Amyanna having a son named Janick fathered by the Nightwalker's twin. He recalls still used in his caged room to eat hearts and remained kept there for lengthy time periods instead of caged into his familiar cell to his disgust. Huntsman recalls this Amyanna appearing to be a Sonya female, taking control of the facility after Nightwalker's twin stopped showing up or doing anything to run it. He continued to recalls that Lupita disappeared soon after Amyanna took control and recalled fully that one of the hearts in the caged room tasted yucky to him which he spat out while in earthworm form. Huntsman continued to recall that the yucky heart tasted too bloody to him and made him think it belonged to a Bloody but wasn't sure who. He wound up finding Amyanna going around the facility in front of him, wearing a black dress with her face bared but some hood covering her hair and looking like she was always tired by her eyes always rimmed red. He kept on recalling that Amyanna wound up accompanied by two males one in a wheelchair he not sure of what their names were. He recalled fully that one of the males appeared to be wheelchair bound and didn't make an effort to get out of the thing. Huntsman kept on recalling that Amyanna to his disgust kept him caged in his familiar earth ground room and refused to have him moved back to his cell. He found himself unable to do anything to amuse himself while contained in the earth room. He sometimes having to travel around via earthworm form only finding no hearts buried in the ground to his annoyance. Huntsman wound up recalling that Amyanna got him knocked unconscious via a drugged status then woke up in a box of glass and smoke sprayed onto him all over the place. He wound up knocked unconscious further and came to in a box of wood with the earth smelling in his nostrils. 
Huntsman wound up to hear a male alien voice blaring in his head speaking "Nighty Night."
He found himself fallen asleep while repeatedly put asleep by the alien male voice that sounded odd and monotone to him and didn't make any sense to him. It confused him to the point that the voice became fainter and fainter and stopped talking to him followed by silence. Huntsman wound up dreaming some dreams while contained in his wooden box. He dreamed of Amyanna lying in bed holding a towel in her hand to her nose and appeared to be sniffing it followed by her giving off coughing movements and appearing to have red tears spilling from her eyes. Amyanna he continued to dream removed the towel showing her lips turning blue as if she's gasping for air followed by slumping over with eyes open and then her form crumbles into dirt lying on the bed. He kept on dreaming of others countless and not able to see, suffering Amyanna's fate of sickness and forms crumbling up to dirt once dead. He wound up dreaming of Chief Jeffers talking to him while both were sitting at a campfire. At first he didn't understand what Chief Jeffers was saying to him till he forced himself to concentrate and lip read the male's lips.
He lip read "We Fire Eaters will get our wish and will consume everything once the time arrives."
He found Chief Jeffers kept on repeating his words over and over to his confusion. Huntsman felt hunger hitting him followed by a feeling of fear hitting him by water sensed pouring all over the place which he remained into his box. He kept on remaining into his box seemingly lengthy till he felt movement indicated his box being moved to his confusion. Huntsman felt himself too weak with hunger to bang onto the sides of the box instead shut his eyes and fell asleep. 

Huntsman came to finding himself underground from the smell of it including in a box of wood that seemed much better wood than his flimsy wooden box. He felt confusion hitting him to why he was in that box as he broke himself free of the box and used his earthworm status to get to the surface. Huntsman found himself terribly hungry found no hearts were in vicinity to his confusion. He found himself in some area that resembled a cemetery to his confusion but the ground looked scorched of a fire eating it while smelling the fire all over the place. Huntsman wound up walking around the cemetery to find an entrance while smelling the air that stank of burned ashes from fire's eating. 
He felt confusion hitting him while feeling questions hitting him to think to himself "What's going on anyway? What happened to get me buried into this cemetery?"
Huntsman heard nothing in answer to his questions instead kept on walking till he found an entrance to the cemetery finding a scorched building sitting nearby that looked like it was burned to the ground. He sensed no life of manoids around and only him around as he looked around the area finding it the earth was burned by fire from the looks of it. Huntsman felt confusion hitting him to realize that he was wearing different clothes on his form he felt wasn't a jumpsuit instead was something stiff which he felt himself and realized it was his familiar clothes he wore before his capture in Yukon. Huntsman wound up walking a lengthy time period as the rains fell hard drenching him to his annoyance. He kept on walking till he found a road that looked scorched of fire to his confusion. He recalled his dream involving Chief Jeffers to figure out that the male was warning him of the Fire Eaters getting into an eating lust and consuming everything in its path. He kept on walking finding vehicles in the road looking burned via eaters and ashes all over the place as he kept on walking lengthy period over the road. Huntsman kept walking till he spotted a city in the distance indicated of it burned by blackness seen from the buildings despite the rain quit to his relief. He continued to walk towards the city to spot a sign hanging off its side with words on it, it took him a moment to read.
"Elizabethan Town, United States." He read.
He frowned but continued on walking to the city and reached the entrance finding the gate shut and refusing to grant him entrance. He found electricity humming from the gate to his confusion as he stood glaring at it with annoyance running through him. He heard a voice chattering in some excited tone to his confusion that sounded of a foreign language that took him a moment to understand.
:"A survivor! Let him in now!" He heard sounding of Tago language he recognized instead of British or English. 
Huntsman wound up finding the gates sliding aside and letting him entry only to find the gates slam shut behind him and resume their electrical humming sound. He found a tunnel of metallic all around him and kept on walking till he reached a wall at the end and waited impatiently for the voice's owner to let him inside. He found his patience rewarded when there were familiar red lights flashing followed by the wall sliding open in two pieces. Huntsman walked into the city of Elizabethan Town he figured it was called to find nothing of life in the city to his confusion. He wound up walking around till a metallic floor was yanked open followed by figures appearing to be Bloodies by the clothes and helmets came out about two of them and gestured for him to get inside. He obeyed to get inside walking down the stairs following one with one taking up the rear and heard a beep noise as the ceiling covered itself blocking out the sun. Huntsman wound up escorted a maze of metallic hallways taking stairwells appearing to be going deeper into the ground from the stinky smell. He frowned as the Bloodies he assumed were they got him to a doorway and thrust him inside while resuming a guard position outside the door entrance. Huntsman wound up finding himself into some bedroom from the looks of it twin to his familiar jail cell to his confusion and felt annoyance take hold on the treatment of the fucking Bloodies. He wound up sitting on the bed a lengthy time period till he heard footsteps coming nearer and nearer banging onto the metallic floor to his confusion. He peered at the doorway to frown as a figure came into the jail cell. He saw was a male Human with creepy all blue eyes and bald head devoid of hair while wearing an armored uniform that was twin to the Bloodies but appeared to be something else than a Bloody vampire. 
He heard loudly within his mind "Who are you and how did you survive the disaster?"
He spoke recognizing the language as Tago in twin language "Huntsman Shoots Deer as dubbed, but prefer the name of Huntsman. What disaster are you talking about?"
Huntsman found the creepy eyed blue male instead of answering his question found one of the guards handed the male a laptop after told what it was and appeared to be studying it lengthy while glancing at him. He felt annoyance take hold at the staring to glare with annoyance within him as the male kept on staring at him and the laptop back and forth. 
He spoke in response "Quit the fucking staring and get to the fuck point." 
Huntsman found the male grimacing in response while again hearing from him "Your language is not appropriate to use."
He felt himself not caring about the language uses as the male without a word left the room with his guard holding the laptop who made beeping sounds from it followed by hearing "Don't worry we have plans for you. We'll let you know what it is." 
Huntsman found his questions ignored by the guard an apparent Bloody disappearing in a fast blur while carrying the laptop, to his annoyance. He wound up ignored by the Bloodies and their creepy blue eyed leader he assumed was the male, for a lengthy unknown time period seated onto his bed despite finding the creepy eyed male coming back to question him on his life and didn't seemed surprised to hear him admit it. He got fed up with the fucking questions began to question them back with questions they ignored him speaking. Instead managed to get him to admit that he eats Human hearts and didn't matter if the victim was dead or not. Including didn't matter where he got his heart for eating. 
He felt annoyance take hold to notice that the creepy blue eyed male had a sinister look on his face that made him think "He's up to something." 
He didn't get his answer soon enough but wound up getting some questions answered. 
Huntsman wound up having a guard after a lengthy time period of being contained in the room broken "Come with me now. I have a place for you."
He obeyed to following a guard to his confusion despite annoyed to not see the creepy eyed male around. He found the guards led the way further underground via the smell of the earth indicating it but found his familiar earthworm side not taking control to his confusion. He kept on being led underground till the metallic walls stopped followed by showing a cave entrance with stairs leading down it as he followed the guards to hear lapping of water to his confusion. He kept on following the guards finding that they led him passed cave entrances he noticing beds inside with doors ajar when he peered through them. He frowned as there was water running sounding loudly to find himself led to a cave having a river running through it in a fast move to his annoyance. Huntsman noticed a bridge over the river while hearing voices chattering that confused him. He found the guards indicated on him to go over the bridge as they remained standing on their side of the river. Huntsman obeyed to follow the bridge's path that appeared to zigzag around the river following the cave till he found the water was quieter and followed till he heard a beep noise to find a gate crackling of electricity blocking the way. He frowned as there was a bright light blaring onto him to his confusion. 
He frowned as he heard barking sounds of dogs he recognizing the animals followed by hearing a male voice speaking "Down Shaw! Stand down now!"
Huntsman waited as the dog quit its barking followed by the gate opening and ordered "Get through now!"
He obeyed to walk through while finding the gate resumed its position to find himself facing a figure wearing animal skin clothing on his form while noticing a dog nearby that kept on straining against the leash the figure a male was holding. He found the male wound up giving him an all black eyed look creeping him out to make him nervous. Huntsman waited as the male with creepy eyes released the dog who went up towards him and appeared to be sniffing his sensitive part including putting paws onto his front followed by shifting form into a male Human wearing raggedy clothes on his form that appeared to be sniffing his shoulder. 
Huntsman felt annoyance take hold as the male formerly a dog spoke "Hmm an earthworm manoid from the smell of him. He reeks of being a manoid eater of hearts from the stink of him."
He found disgust sounded in a creepy voice tone from the male with creepy eyes behind the male formerly a dog. 
He gave a glare and spoke "What's going on around here?"
Huntsman thought to himself "I better watch my language."
He eyed the male formerly a dog that spoke "The name is Jack and that's all you'll get to know of me. I run this colony of Lower Ones as the Ancient Ones calls us, as their leader."
Huntsman spoke "Name's Huntsman Shoots Deer. Why are you underground?"
He found his question ignored as Jack shifted form into his dog form followed by going back to the creepy eyed male who spoke in a creepy eyed voice "The name is Nikolai and I'm second in command to Jack here. Behave and you'll find yourself accepted. Break our laws and you'll find yourself tossed to the river letting it take you underground to where it'll take you."
Huntsman wound up not arguing with Nikolai in response instead kept his mouth shut as the creepy eyed male led the way off the bridge to the roaring river bank. He found the dog kept making biting motions onto him despite restrained by Nikolai as he was backed up into the river via feel of feet becoming wet. 
He snarled angrily "What's going on with this fucking treatment?"
He glared as Nikolai in response got a hand up and waved it into his direction to his confusion followed by tempted to throw himself into the roaring river. He found his compulsion too much hitting him went into the river and found it fast moving yanking him away from Nikolai to his disgust. He continued to feel himself banging into rocks that tore at his clothes including struggling to avoid breathing or sucking in the water. He kept on banging till all of his clothes were torn off including his boots to his annoyance. Huntsman kept banging all over the place till he felt urged to breathe obeyed sucking in water and found himself gagging onto it enough to choke and saw darkness arriving to his eyesight.

Huntsman came to hearing singing sounding in an electronic beeping noise within him. It got louder and louder enough to vibrate within his skull making him annoyed while feeling oxygen pumped into his mouth and nose via a mask. He breathed deeply to jerk open his eyes while squirming around as the vibration quit to his relief. He found himself contained in an all white room while lying on a bed chained to it. Huntsman felt annoyance take hold to find a being appearing to look like a bald head female with wings jutting from her back while wearing a white robe covering her from the shoulders down despite some cleavage seen. Not in a sexual way involving the cleavage. He felt annoyance take hold as the being kept him from sitting up instead kept him lying onto the bed via hand felt pushing him down with great strength. Huntsman glared at the being with annoyance running through him as he got an image via mind of an endless body of water moving, followed by a plant appearing to look like a flower rising out of the water and unfurling its petals to his confusion. Huntsman wound up confused to the point as the plant quit followed by hearing in his mind blaring loudly in a familiar alien voice.
"I'm called Merra of this planetary world called Aire." He heard as the voice sounding feminine continued "I'm a Meritanian or a Sage as the Airens, natives of planet Aire call us, a sentient plant that lives in the ocean I showed via your mind."
He sighed and didn't protest as the being got him to lie down as Merra kept on speaking sounding in his mind "Huntsman Shoots Deer is your name and you will remember what you forgotten."
Huntsman wound up screaming in terror from scenes filling his mind he realized it was his own fucking memories he forgotten about to his shock. He kept on screaming of terror as he felt a hand rubbing his forehead as the memories kept on filling his mind. He saw himself living on a planet appearing to be something else than Terra from his memory and living underground as an earthworm targeting manoids dumped underground while contained in his prison a cave with metallic walls he not sure of how he got there. He kept on seeing fully in his mind that one of the Bloodies he recognized them got into the cave displaying all red eyes and got him to shift into his Human form followed by punching him out unconscious. He recalled fully of being lifted up via the cave from Bloody walking on the walls without anything to indicate of ropes. He kept on screaming as the Bloody got him above ground into a city looking twin to Elizabethan Town while there was darkness shining overhead. Huntsman kept on seeing fully in his mind as the Bloody got him into a spaceship from the looks of it followed by chained via neck and having his arm bit by Nightwalker himself and his memories of who he was disappeared from his mind and only told the same old story he was told, he recalled Nightwalker himself telling him that. Huntsman recalled as if compelled the space ship crashed into Terra in Brazil and he allowed to travel around targeting manoids for feeding to the point he forgot he was manoid and became animalistic. Huntsman quit his screaming as the winged being glowed whiteness making him soothed as he shut his eyes and continued to remember as if compelled of the Bloodies living in Terra managed to capture him via manoid form and forced him into manoid form living which he wound up in Canada's primitive lands after apparently transported to there via Meritanians doing it living on that world. He recalled with disgust the alien voice sounding in his mind was a Meritanian living in Terra that passed away from the faint sounds it sounded. He kept on recalling as if needing to do it what else happened to him such as becoming more manoid and forgetting his earthworm side till he killed a deer, a disguised King Walks Silent and what happened to him after that fully in mind. 
Huntsman quit screaming to snarl "Fuck!"
He snarled the word over and over till he felt his mouth clamped shut by a hand to glare with annoyance at the being that put a finger to her lips making a motion to quiet. He obeyed but quit swearing his vulgarity word he noticing disapproval on the face of the feminine being. Huntsman wound up getting his eyes forced shut to pass out unconscious to come to finding himself still in his room but this time freed from the chains. He found the being was still in the room giving off electronic beeping noises sounding in an annoying tone that made him think she was repeating her sounds. 
Huntsman snarled finding her beeping annoying "Your fucking beeping is annoying! Quick the fuck now!"
He glared at her as she gave him a glare in response and gave up a louder beeping noise that vibrated within his skull making his teeth chatter.
"Fuck!" He snarled loudly while adding "Cut the fuck out now!"
Huntsman wound up hearing in response "That language is inappropriate for you to express yourself of your displeasure. Use something else."
He frowned to glare at the female he figured was the speaker despite using a male tone till a door opening sound was heard. He looked to find a male figure wearing armored thick clothing that didn't highlight the form in some muscle bound moronic form instead appeared to drape and had a mask on the face covering the head entirely. The mask creep him out seeing the eyes were all golden colored as the figure walked into the room only to hear the female's familiar electronic beeping sounding in a questioning tone. Huntsman kept on glaring as the male without a word faded from view followed by reappearing he figured it involved some hidden status. He kept on watching as the figure made a tap on the mask on the chin followed by it lifted up showing a Human face devoid of hair and creeping him out further. Huntsman found the face had all blue eyes with a thin mouth in a masculine look from the looks of him. 
He grimaced inwardly as he heard blared in his mind "Who are you and what's with the inappropriate Human language you're using?"
Huntsman sighed and sat up from the bed finding the female helping him up.
He spoke in response recognizing the creepy eyed male's language as Human language of Summeran as dubbed "Name's Huntsman Shoots Deer. It's a long story on why my name is that. Who are you anyway?"
He heard electronic beeping sounding to speak in a louder voice tone "I don't get a word this female is saying via her noises."
Huntsman frowned as the male in response blared in his mind "Our species is dubbed Souler for one and Soulers for more than one. Your on planet Aire in quarantine as transported to here via the Meritanians, I see that one introduced herself to you."
He opened his mouth to speak only to find the female clamped a hand over it while shaking her head in some Human no gesture as the male Souler he figured he'll refer him continued on blaring in his mind.
"I see you have lots to tell us by Sora is what her species is referred to keeping your mouth shut" He heard.
Huntsman frowned to eye the female he figured was called Sora who removed her hand and sounded her electronic beeping tone in a firmer tone to him. He frowned as the Souler without a word walked away leaving him in bed and shutting the door still locking him inside. Huntsman felt annoyance take hold as he felt familiar pains hitting his body groaned loudly before going to lie down in bed. He arched his back from the pain of his body self healing itself finding it filling out in the sleeves of the gown he was wearing. He even found his dirty blonde hair grown back to its shoulder length status as he found something itching his face. Huntsman wound up rubbing a hand over his face on one side to his confusion as the itchiness continued. He kept on scratching and scratching as he felt itchy feelings hitting his arm same side on his face. He scratched and scratched till he felt himself chained again cutting off his nailing digging. 
Huntsman wound up snarling despite the itchy feeling kept on hitting him "It itches! I need to scratch!"
He found himself ignored as Sora kept on floating nearby him singing away in her familiar electronic toned voice in some soothing tone that lulled him to shut his eyes till he felt a biting sensation on his feet involving bugs biting him there. It woke him up while feeling himself no longer restrained and bugs kept on biting his feet and going up his legs. Huntsman felt himself bit all over the place via bugs as he found himself not resisting to the biting as if compelled. He kept on feeling the biting bugs reached his face then got onto his eyes he saw were ants that blocked his eyes from seeing. Huntsman groaned via his throat as he laid in bed from the bugs felt covering his entire form that stopped biting him followed by turning into liquid and then felt his body adsorbing the ants in watery form. He found the itchy feeling on his cheek and arm quit to his relief as he shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious till he woke up via a smell making him excitedly hungry. Huntsman wound up reverting his form into his familiar earthworm form and ignored everything all around him to pounce onto the smell he finding was contained into a box from the feel of his mouth onto the area. He forced himself back to manoid form and with restraint opened the box finding a familiar holey box and yanked it open finding a heart organ he smelled was of a Human and seemed old to him. Huntsman felt himself terribly hungry reverted into his earthworm form and pounced onto the heart swallowing it whole then once done changed into his manoid form and wiped his mouth with the towel before looking around with curiosity. He found himself in a round metallic walled room with a black glass ceiling above him giving him the creeps of being watched. Huntsman wound up finding a door in the wall that refused to open to his manipulations of hands onto it. He felt annoyed went to sit down onto the bed and laid down eyeing the creepy black ceiling till a sound of a beep was heard followed by a bright light appearing into view he found belonged to Sora from the looks of her and she displaying a look of anger on her face. He heard her beeping sounded in some angry voice tone and seemed like it was rapid fire paced and she seemed furious. Huntsman sighed and found himself falling asleep. Huntsman woke up via hand shaking his shoulder to glare with annoyance at a male with long black hair appearing to be twin length as his. The male had a creepy look of creepy Human black eyes that appeared to be a tall height to him that thrust him a flat object he clutched out of confusion. Huntsman wound up glaring at the male dressed in black drape pants and a top that appeared to highlight his chest with muscular look despite the grey stripe on it with black seen. 
The male spoke "Your a survivor of a disaster."
Huntsman wound up grimacing to the creep's voice tone sounding creepy as he wound up speaking "What disaster?"
He found the male spoke in response ignoring his question rudely "The thing you're holding is a laptop a computer recorder than has a keyboard with letters on it for you to type whatever you want via the fingers on your hands."
He wound up examining the thing to find himself rather stupid enough to put it onto his lap and tapping it with a finger. He heard a disgust sound from the male who without a word snatched the laptop out of his lap and unfolded it making it bigger in sized and again placed onto his lap. Huntsman found a whiteness seen from one end of the laptop as it was placed onto his lap. He found the whiteness sitting up in the air as he eyed the bottom part of the laptop having letters on it he recognized was of the United States' Terra language. He wound up pressing the H key and found H's forming on the screen in some lowercased method as he kept on poking it while thinking to himself his inappropriate language words. 
Huntsman heard another sound of disgust interrupting his thinking as he found the male spoke "Just type words instead of a letter."
He recalled what words were obeyed to type his prologue to his story erasing his H's. 
Huntsman wound up finding the creepy male kept on telling him "Just type!"
It's whenever he quit typing to ask questions despite forming new paragraphs with the enter key as labeled. 
Such questions involved as asking "What's your name?"
"What's with this planetary world called Aire anyway?"
"How did Huntsman get here?"
Creepy male refused to answer instead kept on ordering Huntsman to type. Huntsman managed to obey to creep's order to type down his story to the point of getting it entirely typed down. Huntsman is feeling fed up with the typing and might as well stop and hope he'll get some answers to what's going on with this planetary world dubbed weird name of Aire and its natives. Including a name from that creepy male who gave him that laptop despite displaying some weird bony hand look aimed at his direction and having creepy golden eyes and fanged teeth with huge mouth. He's creeping Huntsman out at the moment to the point of swearing inappropriate language aimed at him to look away. Will type more later once Huntsman gets the chance to do it. Just want answers now and will do what it takes to get it period.
The End
