I of Terrania on Aire
Edenia Series
By Beth Hoyer 
Published Smashwords 2015

Prologue:
This is Eric Zesky’s story of how he came from Terrania to planet Aire. 
 
Chapter One: Remembering Terrania
The young male as Eric referred himself, heard the familiar siren sound jerking his eyes open with a start finding himself in a coffin from the looks of it. He recalled a male dubbing himself, Anyan a disciple priest of Lance Richard sneaking up behind him then pain in his head followed by passing out unconscious. He sat up as the see through coffin's cover lifted itself up to find a male figure with an odd face coming into view with eyes that were sun colored making him grimace to see. The young male got out of the coffin finding the male with the night sky colored face and night sky colored clothes helping him out despite not asking him to. He felt an odd feeling hitting him as the male without a word got him to stand while keeping an arm around him. The young male felt his legs weak but obeyed to keep on walking. He was finding the unnamed male was guiding him through a large vast room that had multiple coffins inside some empty some with bodies inside to his confusion. He didn't say a word as the stranger got him through a door way to hear a faint buzz noise behind him. 
He halted the male's walking to look finding a plant colored wall appearing looking see through to hear "It's the shield to the room." 
He frown hearing the voice to find the stranger looking at him which he heard a guttural male voice appearing to be from the male "I'm no stranger. The name is Hades. Welcome to Terrania."
He frowned hearing the sarcasm of the male's voice tone frown realizing the male’s name was Hades but kept his mouth shut as the male got him into a small room. He jerked as something like a wall slid shut followed by a falling sensation making him stiffen. 
He heard "It's just an elevator a machine that can transport people up and down in fast speed methods."
He kept on frowning to hearing that from Hades to find the male escorting him into a stone hallway making him stiffen of memory for it looked like a dungeon to him. He found various plants in the hallway while feeling that odd sensation hitting him again. Hades got him into a room to find a male wearing all cloud colored clothing with the twin colored hair lying asleep inside. He frowned as Hades got him to kneel followed by darting out of the room appearing to be a jail cell in a fast speed move while slamming the door with a bang sound. He found the door's noises woke up the cloud colored male who sat up staring at him with a frown on the male's face. He kept his mouth shut while eyeing the male warily to find him reaching out a hand towards his forehead making him stiffen. 
He stiffened from the odd feeling as the male was heard "I won't hurt you."
He frowned but didn't comment a response as the male reached out both hands and touched his forehead he jerked his eyes shut as pain arrived to his head. He recalled fully as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

The young male woke up with a start opening Human blue eyes lying on a one person bed in a room with tan brown walls. He could see the room was narrow and thin with one full arm length from the bed’s longest sides. He got up from the bed and stood up shaking his head then rubbed a hand on his head through his black wavy hair that fell just below his shoulders. He went to the bed to sit and frowned as a memory of himself wearing odd clothing that made him think it was strange and not familiar on his form flashed in his mind. The clothes he saw was foreign showing slipper shoes on his feet, tight like leggings, a top that was long sleeve and some vest dress covered his form. He grimaced as he saw some sneering look was on his face while seated on an animal. He figured out from memory was a horse with others behind him wearing identical clothes some having faces bared. He saw that they were all males like him some with facial hair and seated on horses while some were standing. The young male grimaced of the memory from him self’s facial expression that bothered him. He recalled himself dismounted along with ten other men and started walking on a grass fields his facial appearance changing from sneering to glare.
The young male frowned thinking of the dream unsure of whom he was fully in his mind. He recalled to himself dreaming repeatedly for a few nights of a female wearing some flowing dress with his facial appearance and black hair. 
She spoke as always the same comment “You’ll remember who you are. You will acknowledge me.”
The young male felt rage running through him seeing in his mind a bearded male with a crown on his head. He recalled himself appearing to be a youngster. It was while wearing odd clothing meeting the male who was introduced as a King named George and bowing in front of him.
He recalled an older blonde female he remembering saw as his Mother. 
She told him not in the King’s presence, but in private “This is the man your to kill so remember that.”
The male remembered the memory with rage running through him as the female repeatedly kept telling him over the time repeatedly “You’re to kill a man named George and take his place as King.”
The young male recalled given the name of Shad by the Mother raiser's servants behind her back. The servants were appearing to be pointed eared Highlanders with intense all blue eyes like they could see souls. They were always clad in sky colored armored clothes including having swords in their hands that thrust out of their sleeves. They mysteriously refused to explain why they had him called Shad despite his Mother raiser kept on calling him Mindbender. Shad got up from the bed and went to the foot of it to kneel. He felt his rage running through him as he recalled another memory. He saw a familiar black haired female giving birth to a baby a male and denied nursing it by the familiar female as his Mother raiser who took him away. Shad felt his rage cooling from him as he got himself calmer. He shut his eyes and felt himself too tensed to mediate and opened his eyes to stare at the bed’s foot. He remembered himself waking up in some monastery in Shonsurra as it's dubbed despite not sure of the world's name. He finding out that he was ordained as a monk of their religious order involving the High Council to his confusion. He was having no memory of how he got to there but his back feeling sore indicating of pain to him. Shad exhaled air through his mouth and breathed through his nose as he lied down on the bed eyes staring at the ceiling. He felt a memory come to his mind and allowed it through. He recalled himself as a teenager wearing the familiar clothing fighting an older male. He saw was bearded and a bit on the overweight side with brown swords that didn’t clang when hit. He continued to recall himself poked the sword on the male’s neck.
He from memory spoke in some odd accent “Got you, Ian.”
The male, Ian, he assumed was his name spoke “Are you sure? Check where my sword is.”
He saw himself look down to see Ian’s sword poking him in the chest right over his heart. He watched from memory as he gave up a loud roar and waved his hand along with brown sword. Along with while stomping his feet in an apparent tantrum before resuming sparring with Ian. Shad groaned from the memory as he exhaled a breath as the memory left his mind. Shad grimaced as anger arrived within him as another memory arrived in his mind. 
In it he was fighting an apparent older male with a beard his mind saying via Meritanian manipulation “This is King George” with some weapon. 
His mind told him “The weapon is a sword.” 
He saw others all around them were doing the same fighting with swords. He continued to watch in his mind as himself stabbed George in the chest. The male slid to the grassy ground and appeared to be dead. He saw himself raised his sword and gave up a roaring sound. He frowned as he went to males. All wearing different clothing but in similar styled while swinging the sword with some smirk on his face. He was recalling fighting till some male with face seen and familiar snuck up behind himself. He ignored and didn't realize at the time was the God, Lance Richard snuck up from behind. Shad from memory was to busy fighting other males to bother not doing any defense towards the sneaking male unnoticed stabbed him via the back with his sword. He recalled everything went black after that. Shad frowned recalling to himself that he couldn’t remember anything else after the scene went black. He felt himself very confused to what was importance of the memories in his mind. Shad frown as the memory finished playing in his mind. He stretched his arms in front of him. He adjusted his position to lie on the bed eyes staring at the ceiling. He felt sleepiness and shut his eyes falling asleep. Shad dreamed of himself standing on a field of grasses. He saw himself wearing the familiar dress clothes on his form. He saw while having a hand on his waist where he recognized as a sword hanging from the belt. He watched as he was glaring at a male he recognized as George. Both were having groups of ten men surrounding them in a semi circle.
Shad listened as he spoke “What do you take of my peaceful terms sir?”
He heard from George sounding of sarcasm “I don’t agree with them and have rejected them. Think of something else.”
He continued to watch as he spoke sounding angry “You should have agreed.”
He heard from George who spoke “Agreed to what? A foolish plan by a foolish man.”
He watched as he yanked out the sword and swung it towards George who yanked out his sword. He continued to watch as George met him self’s sword which clanging noises were heard. He continued to watch as men all around him and George met each other pulling swords and clanging them while appearing to try to kill each other. Shad smelled something familiar hitting him. He frowned wondering as he woke up with a jerk as smells of food assaulted his nose. He sat up to look at the foot of the bed in front of the door was a wooden tray with block stands holding bowls of food and drink. He felt himself hungry got up from the bed. He went to the tray to sit down. Shad helped himself to the food eating ravenously till there was nothing left. He adjusted his position to kneel closing his eyes. Shad saw of the black haired woman again looking older by her hair having streaks of grey. 
She was running in a field among men fighting each other with swords ignoring her. She was having a look of concern on her face. He continued to watch her as she ran in the field with a hand up waving it. It appeared to him she was using some mental power to guide her to something. He watched as her hand pointed down followed by her kneeling to pull a male figure from lying on his stomach onto his back. He stiffened seeing it was himself having a bloody red splotch on his back area over the heart area after turned over. He continued to stiffen as the woman stroked his face along with appearing to weep tears while gently rocking her form. He frowned as she stopped the rocking to get up and with such force started dragging him unmoving through the field. She ignored among men fighting each other. She continued with the dragging till three women looking alike appeared standing blocking the woman’s way. He continued to watch as the woman dropped him halted by the three women.
The woman spoke in a tearful voice “Three sisters, do something about my son! He is dead in my arms! I never had a chance of him acknowledging me as his mother! I want that to happen!”
He eyed the three women who spoke in unison “That’ll be done as you wish, Morgana but it won’t be in your time. You must be patient for this will happen once nature has taken its course.”
He frowned hearing the name of Morgana. He figured it belonged to the woman who burst into tears and then the darkness arrived and he jerked his eyes open to discover himself lying sideways in bed on his left side. He resumed shutting his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious to dream. Morgana looking very old with her hair white. He eyed her as she stood holding a fire torch and looking sad with sunlight shining dimly. He continued to watch as he saw her bring the fire torch to a pile of sticks was wood. He watched the fire spread showing a figure lying on top he recognized as the blonde woman looking asleep and very old by the looks of her. He frowned as the fire consumed the pile of sticks and the woman who remained still.
Shad continued to dream eyeing Morgana who spoke “Never again you’ll have my son in your clutches Arianne. I will have what I want, Terrania, acknowledging me as his mother. I’ll do what it takes to have that happen. I don’t care if there’s a price of my death for my son to acknowledge me. I will see that this happens.”
Shad woke up feeling himself better which he got up from the bed. He frowned recalling the name of Terrania with confusion running through him. He came to realize that it was the name of Morgana’s son. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and went towards his altar to mediate. Shad recalled to himself as his anger ran through him. He recalled a memory of himself appearing to be a teenager wearing the odd clothing. He was holding a brown sword sparring against a familiar bearded male holding an identical brown sword while appearing to be older while wearing identical clothing. Shad from the memory continued to spar fight the male till he knocked aside the male’s brown sword. 
He spoke as he poked the sword into the male’s stomach “Got you hah.”
He heard from the male “Don’t let confidence overtake you despite you defeating me, Mindbender. There are others capable of defeating you.”
He recalling the memory as Mindbender spoke “Who cares? I want to fight. I hate it when Mother says I’m not old enough to do it.”
He watched in his mind as he heard “Mothers are always right. They know when children are ready.”
Shad saw himself frown who turned around to face a familiar blonde female. 
She looked older by grey in her blonde hair who continued speaking “You’re not ready Mindbender.”
Mindbender, he eyed spoke in a whining tone “But I want to fight, Mother.”
He eyed the female who was his Mother raiser. She walked up to him to place a hand on his shoulder.
She spoke “Don’t worry Mindbender you’ll get the chance to fight but not now. Wait till you're older. You'll be more ready to fight even ready to be undefeated in fights.”
He eyed himself who formed a big frown on his face. 
It was followed by his Mother raiser adding “Mindbender resume your practice. It’s best to keep it up for you’ll be able to fight undefeated once old enough.”
He saw himself nod his head followed by his Mother raiser letting go of his shoulder to walk away. He turned around and resumed sword fighting with the male who halted the sparring. 
By speaking sounding out of breath “Halt…now…I…need…to…rest...”
Mindbender he saw formed a glare on his face. 
The male went to sit down on the grassed ground near his Mother raiser who spoke “What do you think Ian?”
Mindbender stared at Ian he assumed was his name who spoke “Oh he’ll make a terrific fighter. The potential is there but he needs to be disciplined in the art of sword fighting, Arianne.”
He heard the name Arianne assumed it belonged to his Mother raiser. 
She spoke “Just as I planned.”
Shad saw he still holding the brown sword shrug and began doing some movements with the weapon. He saw while appearing to be doing fighting movements along with doing some pretending like he was fighting with another. He snapped his mind of the memory he felt his anger abruptly leave him. He felt a great feeling of sadness hit him and he shut his eyes bursting into tears crying uncontrollably wailing loudly. He suddenly felt a dam inside him burst. He cried as he brought his hands to his face while still crying away. He felt his own bed underneath him. He curled himself into a ball crying himself to sleep to dream of Morgana. He saw her open her arms wide which he went into her arms and felt her hugging him in response. He sighed from the hug to feel himself better and released his hold on her as she did the same to put a hand on his shoulder.
He stared at Morgana who spoke “I never abandoned you after having you. You were taken away from me. You were raised without my influence or my say so. I just wish you would acknowledge me as the way I wanted in the first place. I was denied that opportunity of having that acknowledgement. I will have even seeing it come to fruition-”
He frowned while hearing “Not time yet Morgana.”
Shad saw Morgana form a big frown on her face followed by his eyes forced shut. He woke up and went to his altar. He kneeled shutting his eyes mediating as the memory's events flashed in his mind. He breathed deeply through his nose as he mediated and opened his eyes as the lights appeared to be dim. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding behind him. He spun around getting up to stand with a start to see Morgana was there appearing to look solid and not ghostly looking. Shad stared at her with a frown as she stared at him back seemingly happy to see him.
He heard from her “Remember, Terrania.”
He stiffened as memories of himself as Terrania flashed in his mind. He gasped bending down putting hands on his forehead while shaking his form. He shook from shock running through him. He realized that he was Terrania himself and that Morgana was his mother. He continued to feel the shocking feeling running through him. He recalled his life as Mindbender being raised by a woman named Arianne. She brain washed him to kill a male, a King named George. He succeeded in doing during a battle and wound up killed himself. The killing was from someone else he sensed had seen him doing that. He figured from memory of the male seen sneaking behind him had killed him on Arianne’s orders. It was due to recognizing the male as one of her, own servants. He continued to recall that Morgana wanted him to acknowledge her as his Mother. Terrania as he'll refer himself, breathed hard through his nose. He straightened up his form to stand and removed his hands while staring at Morgana. She still had that happy look in her eyes and face. He didn’t comment a word as Morgana reached out a hand and touched him on the cheek. 
She heard saying “Oh my son, how long I waited for this moment.”
He breathed deeply through his nose. He felt Morgana’s hand on his cheek that felt real to him. 
She continued to speak “I never stopped caring about you over the years you were raised without me raising me. I would think about you from time to time. Wondering how you were and wondering if you were told about me as you grew up. It appears from the looks of what I’ve seen from you in this body form you’re in now healed of your mortal wound. The wound was of being stabbed in the back via sword.”
He sighed as Morgana removed her hand from his cheek to his shoulder.
She was continuing talking “I don’t know how but the Goddess took pity on me wishing to have you in my life. She had some messenger land on my doorstep of the monastery in Shonsurra telling me about you meeting King George in peace. I realized from my powers that you were my son. I went to Brittany in hopes of meeting you for the acknowledgement as you calling me Mother I seeing you as my son. It pained me to find you dead during the midst of a battle. I pleaded to the Goddess to restore you back to life. The Goddess’s three servants the three sisters heard my prayer. They came to me telling me I would have what I want but I would have to wait for it to happen.”
He didn’t say a word as Morgana rubbed his shoulder while continuing talking “I did what I could to wait. Even using my powers on you to see your body remained intact. I ordered you placed in a cave where I would watch on you from time to time. Not letting death stop me from the watching you guarding you from harm till you were found. Then brought back to life and transported to this place you are now.”
He again kept his mouth shut as Morgana continued talking “Arianne was really after the throne George was currently holding hence she having you kill him. She wanted to be Queen. She was willing to do what it takes to achieve that goal. This includes even raising my son, you to kill him for the crown. She had one of her servants kill you after you killed George. It was just to make sure that you wouldn’t take the crown for that killing.”
He frowned forming it on his face as Morgana kept talking “It’s a pity that Arianne’s work was for nothing. One of her servants wound up betraying her confidence. The servant talked to others in George's circle about her goal. She wound up imprisoned and her lands and home taken away which she later died contained. I managed to convince the prison warden to let me have Arianne’s body. So I could properly depose it along with using my powers to see that her spirit was gone for good and not causing any havoc.”
He continued to stare at Morgana who without another word hugged him abruptly.
He hugged her back and felt compelled to speak which he blurt “Mother.”
He felt himself shocked by his admission. Morgana hugged him tighter sensing what he said was what she wanted from him. He hugged her in response feeling he becoming happy from the hugging. He sighed and then groaned as she broke off the hug removing his arms to place her hands on his shoulders. He stared at her as Morgana leaned forwards and kissed him on the forehead. 
Then she added breaking off the kiss “I finally have what I want and I can rest easy from that.”
He felt his eyes forced shut came to finding himself kneeling facing his altar. He jerked his eyes open with a start and got up looking around seeing nothing was amiss. He felt himself tired and needing to sleep figured he’ll do it. Still sighing he went to his bed yawning and eyed the bed with relief. Terrania went to the bed and pulled the blankets off. He got in and put the blankets on his form up to his chest and fluffed the pillow with his hands before settling his head on it. He eyed the ceiling overhead appearing to be stone looking and blew out the candle making night vision of green dormant in his eyesight. Terrania exhaled a breath through his mouth and shut his eyes allowing himself to fall asleep. He saw Morgana smiling standing on what appeared to be a cloud. Then he watched as she turned around and glided away sunlight becoming brighter and brighter blocking his view of her. She disappeared from his eyesight as the sunlight faded away showing nothing in its place. Terrania asleep formed a smile realizing that his mother was finally at peace and himself knowing who he was.
He mentally thought while still smiling “I am Terrania.”
Terrania found himself dreaming as if compelled a memory in his mind. He found himself holding a sword while edging into a dark sinister forest while wearing armored clothing covering his form entirely in black. He heard noises of someone running in the forest crashed after the figure to tackle an apparent naked male onto the ground followed by swinging himself up and thrusting the sword at the male's neck. He saw the male was familiar appearing to look Human while bare of clothes that held up both hands up in a surrender gesture. 
He glared at male who spoke "Just be done with and kill me now, assassin."
He recalled why the male he identified as a priest of Lance Richard's secret order, was bare of clothes. It was punishment from a neighboring King outlawing the religious beliefs of Lance Richard as a God and doing it to priests’ publicity flaunting the God in people's faces. The neighboring King was George of Lions' bane had used his own daughter to charm the male into a mating ritual at the river. He recalled fully as if compelled by the Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy as their called, King George arrived to get the priest an actual King dubbed Anyan, to surrender his kingdom of Anya via written notice before ordering the male to get into the forest before the King set his men onto him to kill him. Terrania eyed Anyan who quit the all black eyed look showing Human blue eyes with a look in them he recognized as if knowing what it was of surrendering to death. He was told by the High Council's servants once finding Anyan was to find that look in the male's eyes and spare his life. 
He put the sword away back into his scabbard 'I'm not going to kill you anyway. Besides I took down King George's men sent to kill you actually."
He found Anyan thrusting himself forwards knocking him onto the ground while hearing a whooshing sound of an arrow and heard a grunt sound from the male. Terrania rolled them over to swing himself up while thrusting his sword in front of him to spot an archer on horseback joined by other archers he finding himself and his victim surrounded. He glared as two archers got their horses to step aside followed by a familiar male with a beard chuckling loudly while on horseback. 
Terrania glared at the male his mind told him was King George who spoke "So the brother proves his loyalty to his own brother."
He heard the sarcasm of the King's voice tone gave off a low growling noise only to feel Anyan's hand onto his ankle which he bent down to place a hand onto the male's shoulder while resuming the glare aimed at King George.
King George he glared at spoke "I suggest you do what your brother told you to do which is killing him. So do it now."
He in response threw his sword towards the ground while kneeling facing King George and keeping a hand onto Anyan's shoulder he feeling the male acting like his own brother, gripping in a gentle grip in response. He kept the glare aimed at King George finding the archers going away and darting out of sight leaving him alone with the male along with an additional horse. 
He glared as King George spoke while dropping the reins of the horse without a rider on it "Your loyalty to your brother reminds me of my loyalty to my own brother. I'll keep you alive for that. You come upon the lands of this kingdom I won't hesitate to have you dead on sight. Don't come again."
Terrania kept the glare as King George jabbed a finger in a direction off his left "There's a village dubbed Kenibia by the sea off in that direction via boat to get to there on a ferry. I have no attempts to take the village into my Kingdom. You'll find sanctuary there. Don't leave the village for anything."
He gave a head bob as King George without a further word road away via horse out of sight. Terrania didn't say a word went to the horse eating a plant to yank it towards Anyan it not resisting to that. He found clothes folded into the bag tossed them to Anyan who took out the arrow showing a bleeding cut on the arm while grimacing before getting up to put on the clothes. Terrania got onto the horse and held up a hand towards Anyan who showed Human blue eyes to him with trust in them he recognized. He didn't say a word as Anyan took his hand to grip it before letting go and got onto the horse behind him. He felt Anyan gripping him by the waist including head leaning against his back he sensing the male was upset but didn't comment a response towards him as he got the horse to gallop towards the village as pointed out by King George leading to a bridge of stone leading to the beach area. He found the village easily by the sea that appeared to look like a poor village from the looks of how poor everything was made by the huts seen. He grunted once the horse reared up in front of a young woman seen but was dressed in some odd clothing. 
He didn't say a word as the young woman spoke sounding firm "Your kind isn't wanted here, High Council."
He recalled his voice device attached to him used it to spoke firmly "His name is Anyan. He's here to help out. I'm just his brother and caretaker dropping him off for you to help him."
He sensed Anyan quit the clinging to look at the female whose eyes widen of recognition in them followed by her speaking "The name is Jacinda. Welcome to Lancelot, Master and servant. I'll teach you what you need to know around here, Sirs."
He got off the horse and got Anyan displaying his Master ability off the horse to find Jacinda going up towards the male and taking his hand. Terrania followed while pulling the horse to find Jacinda taking them to a house appearing to be better made despite the huts not showing very many people around. He frowned as he got the horse tied to a tree next to the house as Jacinda and Anyan went inside the house shutting the door. He looked around to find villagers coming out of hiding some seen scared but staring at him with ranges of emotions on their faces. Terrania sighed figuring from their expressions that they saw and heard what he said regarding Anyan to frown walking away from his horse to stand in the middle of the pathway. 
He eyed the villagers warily to sense Anyan behind him speaking something that sounded like "Forgive me, God."
Terrania felt pain hitting his back indicated something hard hitting his head from behind him followed by passing out unconscious.

Terrania came to recall coming to feeling himself lying in a coffin to find Anyan holding his hand and speaking "I'm sorry, Eric, for doing this. It's to protect you from harm from the machinations of the High Council. I oath to you that you'll get the acceptance you wanted. Forgive me God, Lance Richard for doing this terrible thing."
He found Anyan shutting a familiar coffin's lid shut and walking away as he found himself shutting his eyes passing out unconscious only to wake up hearing the familiar siren noises compelling him to wake up. 
Terrania wound up yelling mentally "I want acceptance from anyone and I want it now!"
He felt the cloud colored male was still having his hands onto his forehead as he came to knock aside the male's hands with anger in his eyes. Terrania glared at the male feeling hatred aimed at the male hitting him. 
The male spoke "You will forgive, Lance Richard-"
Terrania interrupted mouthing despite not sure why his voice wasn't there "I won't! You can go to the depths now! I'm done being in this jail cell!"
He got up to storm towards the door to realize with a start that he didn't know how to open it to glare at the male while adding "Open the door or I'll cut you."
Terrania pulled out his sword from his scabbard thrusting it aimed at the male and towards the door. He found the male refused to budge getting up instead remained kneeling. Terrania darted towards the male only striking out his sword only to feel the odd sense again hitting him as the male disappeared in a puff of smoke in front of him. He looked around the room finding it empty and gave up a faint roaring noise in response to charge towards the door clawing it with his gloved hands. He found the door refused to budge opening as he continued to feel the familiar sense hitting him. Terrania felt confusion hitting him on what the sense was as he looked behind him to find the male was back kneeling. Terrania mentally growled an angry sound and put away the sword into the scabbard and forced himself to kneel in front of the male while glaring at him who had eyes shut with a peaceful look on his face. He kept on glaring at the male seemingly lengthy who refused to budge from mediation he figured was what he was doing. Terrania felt his mood plummet charged towards the male after getting up in a fast move only to find him disappearing in a puff of smoke. He gave up another roar of frustration. He charged towards the walls appearing to be stone that refused to crack underneath his fisting. He kicked and fisted the walls till he felt his anger simmered a bit to resume kneeling while facing the wall opposite from the door. Terrania found the familiar male appearing with a puff of smoke he smelling nothing to indicate smoke to him to his annoyance. He found his nose had something of a breathing tube attached blocking his smelling. Terrania removed the tube only to get a terrible feeling of angry rage hitting him along with his eyes clouding up in whiteness turning him blind. He frowned finding the blindness remained despite shaking his head repeatedly. Terrania forced the breathing tubes back into his nostrils and found the whiteness stopped clouding including his angry feeling. He found himself not alone but with that familiar male sitting in front of him. He glared at the male while angry and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate himself to calm mood that was slow arriving within him as he kept on recalling Anyan's betrayal he called it. Terrania kept feeling his angry mood remained only to feel hands touching his forehead he compelled to keep his hands to himself despite fisting them. He found the hands were soothing to him to calm down from his raging angry mood. 
Terrania found he sad abruptly to burst into tears crying wailing sounds while wailing noises he heard himself speaking squeaky voice tone "God, oh why did you have to do this to me?"
He found himself repeating his question over and over as he cried till he felt himself calm to recall during a bout of body guarding as an assassin to another male a King.
Something the King, he recognized as Anyan, told him once alone with him "I'll do what it takes to protect you even do anything. Even have you declared dead with your body someplace contained intact for you to wake up and live your own life with the acceptance you want. I don't want to see my own brother, I see you as him, hurt suffering from rejection from people. The rejection is basis to why you were seen as an assassin. I refused to have that be a reason why you're rejected. I prefer you to be accepted with kindness and people's equal firmly."
Terrania exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak firmly "I forgive you brother Anyan."
He groaned to feel the male's hands off his forehead to hear an odd sound. 
He frowned opening his eyes to find the male speaking "You may leave."
Terrania heard the edge in the male's voice tone finding him eyeing him with a narrowed eyed look indicating of wanting something. He sighed and unbuckled his belt holding his sword and scabbard to hold it up towards the male in response. 
Terrania frowned getting the male speaking "That's not what I want. Physical objects are useless to me."
He sighed and buckled his belt back onto himself and recalled the name of Eric.
Terrania spoke firmly "My given name is Eric. I've called myself Terrania, in honor of the planetary world of Terrania before Edenia and Humania left. I still refer myself by the Terrania name. I refused to accept being called Eric."
Terrania clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the male to find him speaking as he felt his familiar odd sense again "That odd sense is your mind being scanned by a mind walker like I am."
He exhaled a breath hearing the voice sounding in his mind appearing to be from the male who continued blaring "Mind walkers are mostly focused onto one humanoid species here on this world named Terra with exceptions of other humanoids having that ability. The species that has that ability is dubbed Highlander who have odd ears and a Human like face. I can't say if their twin species from your world of Terrania, in this world of Terra. I am dubbed Teorjer and I come from Edenia a moon world dubbed by that name. Edenia the moon world once you glimpsed the night sky is where she was, orbiting Terrania. She left but left Luna as she called in her place with a set of rules for Terran natives to live with. It is Edenia's word and law that rules Terra and no one else's."
Terrania frowned finding Teorjer he assumed he'll refer him speaking in some hissing language. 
He found himself understanding what Teorjer was speaking "This is the language the land nation your are in speaks. Its nation is dubbed by the name of Americania in Terranian terms, in Human terms referred as Canada. The natives are ruled by a mute ruler whose title is Sun Lord. He used to rule the planetary world of Terrania entirely till Edenia sent me to here after she left. The Sun Lord was revealed to be Terrania's planetary protector making the natives nervous of him. 
I told Terrania's natives in their presence ‘The Sun Lord will only be ruler of Americania and no longer ruler of the planetary world.’ 
I did warn the natives ‘I will take back my words if they didn't treat His Majesty the Sun Lord properly as ruler of Americania.’
I also warned the natives ‘There must always be a nation of Americania to keep the peace in Terra.’"
Terrania frowned as Teorjer continued sounding him his mind "I did tell the natives ‘War isn't the answer but peace is.’ 
The natives are slow to get it the words of peace and are still thinking of war at the moment. I believe that the message will take awhile before the natives realize it. You may go now."
He got up as if compelled to walk out of the cell looking behind him to find the door shutting followed by Hades coming into view he feeling his familiar mind scanning sense activated again. Terrania frowned finding an image of a large metallic object flashing in his mind with an eater light burning from a bowl part of it making him confused to seeing it. 
He spoke finding the image going away and Hades giving off a familiar sound of disgust in Humanoid sound "You a mind walker as Teorjer dubs them?"
Terrania eyed Hades who spoke he hearing via his mind "Yes but don't talk much about this publicity to people will you? I don't care to talk much about it. The mind walkers have questioned the natives with carefully worded questions who indicate that they won't accept people who have this ability as equals. Instead will outcast them to not have anything to do with them. Just don't, talk about this fact to people you hear?"
He recalled sign language signed with his hands, sensing Hades getting the language "Then what's with the eater burning in a bowl in my mind?"
He got from Hades who took his arm he not resisting as if compelled to bring him to the elevator to hear on the way "That eater burning in a bowl is of a cauldron a symbol of the Terrania Unity Games to bring peace among athletes to compete in sporting events. It's also the Meritanians' sentient mind walking plants' way of keeping mind walkers out of your mind despite you able to receive talk by hearing me."
He frowned but didn't protest as Hades cut the talk by giving up a growl sounding angry to him and found himself forced into the elevator with the male. He felt the sensation of going up shocking him making him cling to Hades by hands onto the male's arm holding his arm. He kept his clingy grip till the elevator was felt stopping with a jerk he finding a hallway with walls not looking of stone to him. Terrania frowned following Hades out once the male released his arm and got his hands' grips off. He followed Hades down a hallway spotting doors having male and female figures with Humanoid appearance but had small eyes and points jutting from their ears seen. He found their hairs was always long shoulder length regardless of them male and female while wearing sunny sky colored uniforms he assumed were they. Terrania found Hades leading him to a door to find the pointed ear male opening it for him after rapping a fist onto it in code he figured from the number of knocks. Terrania followed Hades inside seeing a male with cloud colored skin while seated on something that was soft lengthy chair rubbing a hand appearing to look gloved onto his forehead before looking in his direction with eyes seen sun colored narrowing with suspicion in them. He noticed the male was appearing to be familiar to him like he knew him someplace but didn't know who he was despite his long black hair pulled back into a tail.
Terrania kept his mouth shut as he heard from Hades loudly verbalizing his words "This is Terrania as he wishes to be called. I found him awake in the coffin room from a coffin. He's not the mute visitor we just saw. I'm not going to say why I was in there. I believe you know why you’re Majesty."
Terrania frowned eyeing the male he figured was the Sun Lord who got up looking him up and down followed by walking up towards him he finding himself having to look down while seeing the male looking up. The male was appearing to be on the short side. He found instead of fear in the eyes of natives aimed at him when they saw him, wasn't fear from the Sun Lord but suspicion.
He heard "Talk now."
Terrania heard that from Hades blasting in his mind spoke hand language hearing silence from Hades "Greetings, Your Majesty. I'm told that you're the Sun Lord ruler of Americania."
He clamped his arms into a folded position while realizing he was clad in black armored clothes including a barrel shaped hat attached to his neck via the back. He wound up frowning with his lips while eyeing the Sun Lord. 
The Sun Lord he saw shifted to glare at a guard he figured was a Highlander who spoke "Says what you know of loss of a family member hmm?"
Terrania signed his words figuring that honesty would be the best from memory of the rejection from George's daughter Georgina "It's painful when you lose someone you love. I believe it takes too much time to get over the loss."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the Sun Lord who kept on glaring at the guard he hearing "Says Hades what's the purpose of this visitor being here? Don't tempt me to order him executed."
Terrania gulped hearing that as he continued to hear "Says he reeks of the High Council. I'm told to keep the High Council and their influence out of Americania as ordered by Merra kid plant. I to do what it takes to see this happen. So explain yourself with this visitor now!"
He kept his eyes onto the Sun Lord he figured was a mind walker as he felt his mind scanned only to hear "The Sun Lord isn't a mind walker. It's his guards who are mind walkers all of the species Highlander actually. He communicates by having his mind scanned and they verbalize his words for him. He's mute actually."
Terrania frowned hearing the voice sounded familiar to him to hear nothing more as his felt his mind scanning sense quit to focus onto the Sun Lord who he saw was glaring at Hades instead of at his Highlander guard. He frowned as he heard a screaming sound stiffened to see the Sun Lord kneel followed by seeing something plant colored surround the male only to get compelled to kneel which he obeyed to shut his eyes as if compelled. Terrania saw clearly in his mind a round ball like object reminding him of the balls the kids played with that appeared to have swirls, clouds on it including a sky colored area as he saw a large giant rock arrive heading towards the area. He felt fear hitting him to see sunlight rays come from the ball to hit the rock repeatedly shattering it into pieces before quitting its shining. Terrania found himself tired abruptly but fear gone from him to open his eyes as if drawn finding the image going away. He found himself staring at the Sun Lord giving him a glare before the male got up and glared at a guard.
He heard "Says Hades the visitor dubbing himself Terrania lives. I'll be in my room resting. Get Terrania quarters to live in. He can't stay with me period." 
He frowned to find the Sun Lord stomping away going to a door opening it and slamming it shut with a loud bang vibration sound. Terrania forced himself to stand up despite feeling himself some tiredness found Hades taking his arm he not resisting and found he led out of the quarters he assumed was it. He found himself led to the elevator despite he nervous of that thing only to find Hades giving off an angry growl once he dragged his feet. Terrania didn't say a word allowed Hades to lead him inside the elevator to feel the thing going up a bit making him clingy onto Hades' arm who ignored him. He felt the elevator quit to his relief to find the doors opening followed by Hades pulling him out to hear a loud growling noise sounding sinister. Terrania looked finding the noise belonged to a male with cloud and night sky smooth clothing that bared fanged teeth making him grimace that gave up hissing sounds. He heard Hades give up hissing sounds followed by leading him to the male who reached out a hand placing it fully onto his chest. Terrania felt Hades' grip off his arm as he felt pain in his neck along with dizziness in his eyesight as he found the male opening his mouth and putting it onto his neck. He then felt something like two pricks of pain onto his neck along with hearing an odd sound that sounded of sucking to him confusing him. Terrania hearing hissing sounds from Hades sounding loudly in an angry tone as the male sucked him via the neck before licking the area with a rough tongue felt and thrusting him onto the floor which he shut his eyes feeling himself terribly weak and sleepy felt himself passing out unconscious.

Terrania came to finding he lying onto something soft that felt like a bed out of rich material and didn't have the familiar lumps to him. He sighed rolling over only to feel pressure of his clothes and weapons hidden on his form including pressure of his sword pressing onto his front. He ignored the pressure to keep his eyes shut till sunlight blared onto his face he feeling the warmth. Terrania frowned feeling the sunlight become more blaring to find his eyes opening on their own to stare at the blaring sun. He groaned and rolled over onto his other side back to the sunlight shutting his eyes only to feel pressure of a hand shaking him on the shoulder.
Terrania spoke firmly ignoring he was mouthing his words silently "Let me sleep or it'll be worse for you."
He heard a loud roar in response to jerk open his eyes finding the hand's owner belonged to the male that sucked his neck he finding himself terribly hungry from the hunger pains hitting him. 
Terrania glared at the male to put a hand onto his sword's handle only to hear speaking "You reek of not washed status so get up and do something about it."
He obeyed to get up speaking "Direct me to the bath house where I can clean myself."
Terrania heard a sound of disgust from the male in response followed by hissing noises he forced himself to translate he finding himself understanding "Where the depths did Hades pull this manoid up from anyway?"
He frowned as the male switched languages and spoke in Americanian he heard "Alright I'll teach you what you need to know involving private rooms dubbed bathroom. So come along while I show you what you need to do."
Terrania found the male leading him to a door yanking it open to peer inside finding it not familiar and got instructions by the manoid on how to use the bathroom as if was called for hygiene as it was called. He found the male demonstrating to him on how to work the bathroom's facilities the manoid called it including what he was to do to keep himself clean which was a must for manoids. Terrania didn't say a word in response as the male took leave of him slamming the door which he sighed and stripped himself of his clothes and weapons mostly sword with knifes hidden in his sleeves and boots. He took everything off and once naked got into the shower stall as dubbed by the male to figure out how to adjust the water to his heat toleration levels including manipulating the liquid appearing to be of green dye as if compelled despite the heat turning on blasting hot. Terrania proceeded to use the facilities in the bathroom as if was dubbed to come out once clad in his clothes and weapons back onto their hidden spots and sword still belted around his waist. He found the male in the room with arms folded that walked up towards him he finding that they were twin heights. 
He signed as the male made a sniffing movement "Kindly explain this sucking method you did onto my neck to put me asleep."
Terrania got the male giving off hisses he translated "Blast Hades!"
Terrania signed twin language "Blast Hades for what?"
He got the male quitting his sniffing to speak still hissing away "My species is dubbed Drainer for feeding off bloody essence that flows through manoids a nourishment to survive on. That sucking doing onto your neck was how we feed with a hand touching your chest drinking your blood from within. I admit it we're known for translating many languages for manoids all over Terra. There are a few languages that aren't translatable for us to translate. Your blood when I tasted it is of various Humanoids including of a poisonous Human dubbed Legendian, hence you able to tolerate the shower's water for your skin. Your skin is indicating some kind of sicknesses with water hence the liquid not turning your skin into an odd color as indicating it when manoids use it for showering."
Terrania kept his mouth shut as the Drainer he figured he'll refer him spoke "The name is Thad as my name for referring me. When two Drainers meet after not being around for three suns if you get it the term suns must speak their name or find themselves unable to talk on anything. Speaking names is Drainer greeting and gives them the ability to talk and translate languages. Without that name spoken bit the Drainer is left mindless like a gonoid. I suspect that you don't have that ability actually. It's proven to happen among manoids who aren't Drainers but have slight Drainer abilities such as translating languages. It's something Hades has but has to do that name greeting. Excuse me while I show you out of this room to where you're to eat including the proper way of taking in nourishment for manoids like you in question."
Terrania didn't say a word towards the Drainer in Americanian despite the language used to follow Thad to the bedroom's door to pause to find an eyeball like creature sitting on the window still from outside making him stare warily.
He found Thad growling off his right who spoke "That's a plant dubbed Waker. Their job is to see that manoids are up from a sleeping status by removing what's blocking the sunlight dubbed by the name of window blinds. The sunlight shines through the window as it's called and blares onto manoids waking them up."
Terrania exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response followed Thad to the eating table finding the Drainer dub it "Dining table."
He found a chair to sit in it as his mouth watered seeing the food, something that made his stomach rumble in response to find Thad teaching him how to use a fork, a knife and a spoon onto a tray on the table holding various dishware as it was called for holding food nourishment in it including a cup for holding drinks. Terrania found he terribly hungry gobbled up the food making sure he used the proper utensils as it was called for it in slow manner making him annoyed. He felt the food tasted delicious and seemed better than anything he tasted before. Terrania once done with the food gulped down the cups' liquid with a hand holding onto them finding he terribly thirsty. 
He gave up a noise to his shock and got whacked on the back of his head finding Thad speaking "Say excuses me for giving off that rude noise. I despise hearing it from you manoids. It's disgusting."
Terrania cleared his throat and spoke firmly hearing his voice still not there "Excuse me."
He added "Something I should be doing around here?"
Terrania heard a loud noise of an alarm got up pulling out his sword while looking around to get Thad groaning displaying a frown. 
He frowned while putting his sword back into the scabbard to get Thad speaking "Let me show you what your hearing."
Terrania frowned and found Thad led him to a window of the dining table next to it in the wall to find the sun going away in a fast move with clouds of a peaceful color. He frowned eyeing out the window as multiple clouds in pieces he recognized as King Winter's cold angry mood storm came falling from the clouds in a fast move.
He signed "King Winter lives here? That's his angry mood storming outside."
He eyed Thad who spoke "Well King Winter isn't causing this ridiculous storm outside actually. 
Teorjer told the Americanians ‘King Winter isn't responsible for this storm.’ 
He did warn ‘The storm is common in this area of Americania that is known for cold storms actually to hit the city.’
Just before they hit the Guardian who's noise you heard by your actions sounds the alarm telling natives to get indoors immediately. The storm hits usually bringing death to manoids. That despite medical advances to try to bring manoids back from death which none of their methods has worked so far. They only have worked on transferring organs from death of manoids caught in it to survive in another manoid whose organ was suffering some medical ailment."
He frowned hearing that as Thad continued "That organ transfer was what happened to the Mistress the mate of the Sun Lord who suffered a medial ailment with her beater organ. I'm not even sure of why her life wounds up cut short enough to surrender to death. She was rumored to live very long outliving various family members. I suspect that her living was a lesson to His Majesty on moving on from his female he had before her previously. He seemed to take the Mistress's death very well instead of acting very upset from what I've seen of him."
Terrania frowned to the words' contents sounded familiar to him. He frowned to hear a door knocking sound to shift towards the direction of the quarters' entrance to find a Highlander walking inside followed by the Sun Lord with suspicion still in his eyes making him gulp. He found the Sun Lord making hand gestures he finding himself struggling to get it what the male was signing about he figuring it was another version of sign language. Terrania frowned eyeing Thad who made hand gestures towards the Sun Lord to find them both into an intense hand language gesture rapid paced back and forth making him look away to resume glaring out the window finding the cold storm quit followed by the sun shining brightly appearing from the clouds. 
He felt a tap onto his shoulder as he stood sideways from the window to find Thad was the hand's owner who spoke "You do or you don't get it the hand language talk His Majesty and I were conversing in?"
He signed his gestured sign language noticing the Sun Lord still in the room "No I don't get it the hand language. I'm willing to learn via this sign language I'm using to teach you."
Terrania frowned while folding his arms only to find Thad grabbing a hold of his gloved hand and forming a sign with it while proceeding to teach him what was called the alphabet as the language dubbed sign language was called. He found Thad during the teaching got him to finger spell his name of Eric, to his annoyance despite saying his name was Terrania. He finger spelled expertly towards the Sun Lord as insisted by the Drainer to do it. 
He found the Sun Lord finger spelling words he read "What kind of name is Terrania anyway?"
Terrania signed "It's just a name I've called myself -"
He felt a hand clamp over his hands interrupting him to find Thad teaching him the sign language for his words to sign them towards the Sun Lord. 
Terrania frowned while eyeing the Sun Lord who signed words he heard Thad speaking "Says where did Hades pull this Terrania from? Hades claims when questioned that he got him from the coffin room from some waken up status. Terrania sounds like a name for a planet that was previously known as despite it Terra. Despite Hades claiming he can receive mind talk but can't do anything mind walking wise."
He formed a glare to notice Thad signing words he hearing the Drainer speaking verbalized "Hades is being weird as usual. Why do you keep him around? He's a weirdo as the Humans say when it comes to someone crazy."
Terrania formed a glare glared at the Sun Lord to find the ruler putting hands fisted onto his sides and glaring at a Highlander who spoke "Says Hades forgot to mention that this Terrania can get sign languages like you said. He appears to get it this sign language talk in signs involving the Humans. So talk on what you detected from Eric when you tasted his blood. I saw that sucking of yours via recorders shown to me from the guards. It happened another time after I took my rest."
Terrania frowned to eye Thad who spoke "He's got various Humanoids in his blood I recognized Human among them including blood of a Legendian that is poisonous to Drainers when sucked. He appears to have the ability to translate sign languages which he did that in front of me when I used a foreign sign language in front of him. He used that sign language I used very perfectly. He appears to be fluent in Americanian by him understanding what I said to him, him signing back in understanding."
He frowned forming the expression on his face while eyeing the Sun Lord who kept on glaring at a Highlander to hear "Says come along Eric and Thad. I might as well introduce you to the other batteries to my planetary protection powers. You, Eric proved to be a battery yourself by the looks of you indicating it."
He got Thad giving off a loud roar while making a fist waving gesture while stomping his feet to glare at the Drainer who cut his noises before appearing to compose himself. 
Terrania glared at Thad to hear "Says oops forgot that you, Thad are a battery who doesn't like being reminded of that fact. Despite you a descendant of a battery who was a part of triplets with twin faces."
He frowned finding Thad not commenting a response instead gave him a glare which he looked away to find the Sun Lord gesturing him to follow. 
Terrania obeyed following the Sun Lord out of the quarters to down the hallway he hearing Thad hissing "This sucks."
He frowned to what Thad was mumbling about to find the Sun Lord stopping in front of a door to find one of the Sun Lord's guard rapping a fist onto it in code of knocks he finding the door opening to show Hades that appeared to stare at the ruler for a bit.
He recalled Hades being a mind walker to find the Drainer speaking "Yes. I get it your talk on the battery issue. Poor Thad is still throwing hissy fits again?"
He heard in response "I'm not hissy!"
Terrania frowned hearing Thad using the hissing language to find Hades ignoring the Drainer to step aside gesturing "Come in."
He followed the Sun Lord into the quarters to find it appearing to look like a gonoid's mess to him to find a feminine form wearing all night colored clothing with night colored long hair asleep in a nest of something lumpy to him and looking more interested in sleeping than waking up to greet them. 
Terrania kept his mouth shut while eyeing Hades as if needing to do it to find the Drainer speaking "This is Raisa, a battery also a descendant of a battery. Excuse the mess but it's just to help her cope with not able to sleep in the ocean in her Orca form."
He frowned as he continued to hear from Hades "I've done what I can to keep her comfortable here."
He heard a loud hiss sounding in a feminine voice tone he figured was from Raisa who appeared to be seeing him with anger in her voice tone. He kept his mouth shut in response and arms folded not signing a word. Terrania didn't say a word as the Sun Lord walked out he following with Thad and guards to hear the door slam shut with a bang sound he assumed was Hades slamming it shut. 
He kept his mouth shut as he heard "Why can't Hades admit that he's a battery too instead of blaming it onto his female Raisa or whatever her name?"
Terrania frowned hearing Thad's comment eyed the Drainer to find the male had a look of disapproval on his face as he followed the Sun Lord into the elevator. He followed with Thad staying in the elevator to his confusion but ordered to follow by the Drainer in sign language. 
Terrania followed till the Sun Lord halted and gave him a glare before glaring at a guard he hearing "Says have this battery cover his face entirely with something. I don't want to see his face period or be reminded that he's a servant of the High Council."
He felt his mood plummet as he glared at the Sun Lord who noticed his glare resumed glaring at a guard to find the male instead of speaking the Sun Lord's words was glaring at the ruler in response. He rubbed his cheek where Anyan cut him via knife scarring the area he feeling his mood plummets further till a clapping noise interrupted his reverie. Terrania eyed a guard to find the Sun Lord walking away further into the hallway with guards following the ruler the Highlander blocking his way of following.
He gave the guard a glare to find the male blasting in his mind "I managed to talk His Majesty out of having you wear coverage for your face. So get yourself into the elevator now as a thank you for that. You'll find Thad inside with orders for you to do so do it now."
He obeyed to get into the elevator to find Thad's hand onto his neck he glared at the Drainer's Human like face that was baring fanged teeth onto him in some sneering hissing glaring look. Terrania glared in response as Thad without a word removed his hand off his throat and got a hold of his arm followed by getting him out of the elevator into the headquarters' entrance room he figured he'll refer it. Terrania found a female with a mask covering her face from the nose down while wearing Drainer like clothes on her form that highlighted her figure standing in the room with arms folded. He eyed the female warily to feel compelled to remove his gloves which he obeyed finding himself jerking while walking towards the female who raised her hands up as if drawn. He jerked as his bare hands touched her hands feeling smooth and warm to the feel as he felt a charge of pleasure from the touch. 
Terrania didn't say a word hugged the female as if compelled to find himself no longer thinking only to hear "Say your name now."
He opened his mouth and blurted with a voice to his shock "Adam."
He heard "Mindy."
It sounded from the female he was hugging as he eyed her finding her height was twin to his height. 
Terrania felt himself annoyed with blurting the odd sounding name of Adam as he eyed Mindy who spoke "Well your not bad looking anyway."
He heard hysterical laughter from behind let go of Mindy to find Thad holding his gloves which he got tossed and put on still laughing while he was glaring at the Drainer. 
He glared to find Mindy got her hand onto his chin and heard from her "Aren't you going to invite me inside to where you're sleeping hmm?"
Terrania didn't say a word towards Thad took Mindy's hand and went to an elevator finding the doors opening showing the Sun Lord inside with guards the ruler wearing a mask covering his head entirely. He kept his mouth shut as the Sun Lord gestured for him and Mindy to get inside which he obeyed finding the ruler not saying a word towards the both of them. He felt the elevator go down to his confusion making him annoyed to show the familiar dungeon again. 
Terrania glared at the Sun Lord finding Mindy speaking "Yes I know every visitor to here has to see Teorjer period. Excuse me."
He watched Mindy walk out of the elevator to find the doors shutting and felt the thing going up followed by showing the entrance room he finding Thad walking inside to give off a Humph sound. Terrania kept his mouth shut as Thad gave off hysterical laughter again he glared at the Drainer to get clapping noises from the Sun Lord.
He glared at Thad who jabbed a finger aimed at him and spoke "His name is Adam when he said it towards the new visitor. It's a funny name anyway."
He kept the glare while glaring at Thad who noticed his glare appeared to gulp before hearing "Says I don't want to hear jokes involving people and their names. I'm still smarting from people calling me Junior instead of my titled name of Sun Lord. Quit the jokes now!"
He signed as if compelled "I called myself Terrania as my titled name."
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself annoyed with what he blurt as he eyed the Sun Lord to find the ruler was glaring at a guard who spoke "Says Adam will be your title as I'll refer you. Just refer me as Your Majesty when it involves the Sun Lord title and no other name."
Terrania frowned getting the Sun Lord throwing up his hands in some surrender gesture before folding his arms and looking away from a guard as he felt the elevator went down to his relief. He found Mindy admitted inside who took his hand in a gentle grip. He kept his mouth shut hearing silence from the guards in response to feel the elevator going up followed by the entrance's room in sight.
Terrania frowned as he eyed the Sun Lord to find a guard speaking while eyeing him "Mindy as she's called will show you where to go now."
He obeyed to follow her out of the elevator into the entrance's room to find her walking out pulling his arm out of the building he looking around while fast walking. He saw the sun shining in the sky blaring brightly overhead as Mindy kept her hand hold onto his arm becoming ironclad to his annoyance. Terrania eyed the people finding that they were Human and Drainer including other species he wasn't sure of what they were despite looking Human like to him. He frowned as Mindy got him into a place having a medical symbol on its walls to meet a manoid having sticks jutting from the top of his head that perked up seeing him while having beady night sky eyes narrowed into a glare. He frown feeling himself annoyed at Mindy for bringing him to a healer as she was heard speaking gibberish he finding her not making sense followed by feeling mist blown into his face and he felt himself coughing repeatedly till he fell unconscious. 

He woke up with confusion running through him finding a male standing over him while he was lying on a hard ground. He eyed the male warily to find he didn't have a face instead only had orbs for the eyes to his confusion.
He heard voices speaking unsure if it was his ears or mind "I refuse! He's one of them!"
He frowned as an image flashed in his mind he confused to see as he eyed the male and got up in an acrobatic move as if he had muscle memory. 
He frown hearing the voice sounding male blaring as he continued to hear "Keep the argument out of my head now! Just argue among yourselves and leave me out it!"
He frowned further finding the voice sounded familiar to focus onto the no faced male to speak blurting to his shock "Hades."
He felt confusion to the word as he heard "Come with me now."
He stared at the male that gently took his arm and pulled him into a direction which he followed finding them both in a vast room containing boxes in rectangular shapes to his confusion. He found the boxes had figures in them that were still to his shock as the male led him out of the room to a hallway looking odd to him. He found the male led the way to a small room containing males inside that had small eyes and pointed ears wearing uniforms. 
He blurted "Highlanders."
He felt confusion hitting him as the male got him inside the small room followed by a bang sound of something blocked the way of the hallway. 
He spoke "Elevator."
He heard Humph sounds from the male he dubbed Hades to find the elevator he figured as it was called going up in some floating movement he not surprised to feel. He didn't say a word as Hades kept a hold of his arm and then got him out of the elevator as he heard a familiar sound of a siren sounding faint. 
He found the uniformed males shutting a large door in the wall as he heard "You might want to restore his memories, Tank."
"Tank's a Meritanian?" He spoke while adding "Merra?"
He heard the confusion of his voice tone found the male with the odd face holding his wrists together and putting a hand covering his mouth. 
He stiffened as he heard "You'll be screaming once you remember."
He kept on stiffening from the voice that sounded familiar to him only to grunt as a terrible headache arrived to his head he jerking while in Hades' hand grips from memories spilling within his mind. He recalled his name was Terrania aka Eric, servant of the High Council living in Shonsurra aka Alaska, out of scans of the Meritanians that was roped into serving the group as an assassin in Americania as the nation was called despite its Human name of Canada. It was for him to act like an assassin of the High Council the first declared assassin of Terra to serve the group by them. Eric, realizing his name was Eric and not Terrania as his titled name. He grunted from the memories spilling into his mind with annoyance taking hold as he felt his mind continued to be scanned. He continued to remember fully that he went through a cave entrance below the building into watery pool without any clothes on after his building in Rhineland exploded in a fireball nearly killing him and Raisa. Eric recalled grimacing he was found by Lance Richard's priests in Highlander religious monastery order that restored him from the dead, despite no memory of who he was fully in mind. Eric recalled Lance Richard's disciples got him restored from the watery poisoning and himself an exchange of clothes to what he was wearing now. It was followed by taking over the places of an assassin of the High Council that was already dead and making it seem like he was that assassin himself. He recalled that his assassin status was a result of himself found in a field with males having fatal sword wounds onto them all appearing to be drained to death. This including as there were horses grazing nearby to indicate the males had a fight to the death duel with the Drainers smelling blood pouncing onto them and sucking them to death. Eric continued to recall fully that Lance Richard's priests after restored him were seemingly acting like he knew who he was and who the males was despite he clueless. The priests got him to wear the clothes of the dead male's bodyguard assassin and buried them into the ground before getting onto the horse and let the gonoid had their head. He kept on recalling memories with disgust running through him as Hades he saw removed his hand off his mouth and wrists. Eric didn't say a word towards Hades instead felt annoyance take hold.
He recalled a Lance Richard's hidden priest, a female Human calling herself Anya, approached him in a barroom where he was taking in a drink "I want you in my quarters for a private talk."
He obeyed to follow Anya into the female's quarters to find her questioning what he knew of some assassin named Shad's life. It took him a bit to realize he was wearing Shad's clothes and assumed as the assassin when he wasn't. 
Eric stiffened recalling what he said in response to Anya's questions via sign language as if compelled instead of voicing it "I and Shad, are the same person."
He recalled his rages still controlled by the breathing device including some mental side of his dubbed Master making his eyes entirely black. He willed it forwards hearing nothing from Hades as he ran gloved hands through his hair that was always short feeling himself annoyed with the High Council and their latest mission. He felt disgust take hold didn't say a word as he rubbed his head while yanking onto the strands in tearing moves him feeling his mood bad again. Eric felt his mind scanned to recall the names of Tank and Merra the name of Meritanians land based in Americania. 
He wound up to mentally speaking "The High Council had a hissy fit after Merra was appearing to be transported off Terrania. Some joke they fell for but didn't realize that Merra was contained in Ireland and Canada."
He felt his mind scanned in response to continue on mentally speaking "The High Council after they roped me into servitude threw a hissy fit against Walls and Kiddy as those Meritanians are known, for that transportation of Merra and Tank off Terrania or Terra. Something I'm not sure what got them working again this time playing jokes onto the High Council. A servant was roped into helping the High Council into counterattack the Meritanians' jokey behavior."
He kept his mind blank in response to hear "Interesting. Anything else you're not admitting?"
He sighed recognizing Tank's familiar voice mentally spoke in response "A Wiser for some reason did some manipulating and got two extra Meritanians to live where the both of you were formerly living in the ocean. Their names are Walls for male-"
Eric was interrupted "Kiddy for female. Yeah we know who those two are from your mind. Their offsprings of Merra and I our first offsprings actually. The both of them managed to grow enough to live in the ocean hence that Wiser putting them there. Anything else?"
Eric heard Tank's voice had the edge in his voice tone sounding like the Meritanian wasn't going to fully say his thought. He mentally spoke in response after willing aside the Master the exact reason why he was clad in his clothes including mentioning being manipulated by the High Council to go through a healing via Lance Richard's priests and assumed to be the assassin Shad. 
He added talking about the memories of what he forgot and added "I don't understand how I could have forgotten myself when I went through this healing. Lance Richard went through this healing I think and appeared to know who he was fully despite me not."
Eric frowned to hear in response "Excuse me while I transport you someplace."
He found himself transported into a metallic hallway while hearing alarms sounding with red lights flashing. It made him yank out his sword out of habit which he put away and put his hands up while hearing multiple ahem sounds behind him. Eric turned around to find Anubis and Falcons facing him that grabbed his arms and without a word pushed and pulled him not resisting further down the hallway. He found the three led him to a room he saw wasn't of the High Council's throne room instead appeared to hold various Highlanders in it working at consoles to notice a High Council member seated in the middle of the room. Eric kept his mouth shut as he was hauled towards the High Council member and forced to kneel in front of the Highlander he assumed was a male. He kept his mouth into a thin line as the Highlander held up a gnarled bony hand making him confused to see and placed it onto his forehead he grimacing from his mind scanned. Eric sensed nothing to indicate the Meritanians fully in his mind as the mind scanning seemed lengthy to his annoyance. He kept the glare while feeling the Falcons' grips onto him remain ironclad. Eric kept his mouth into a thin line as the mind scanning seemed lengthy then quit by the Highlander removing his hand in some hot water move and hearing a gasp sound. He kept the glare as the Highlander resumed placing his hand onto his forehead and kept up the mind scanning. He heard multiple gasping from the Highlander making him annoyed. 
Eric felt annoyance take hold as the Highlander quit his gasping to hear loudly "He came from Egyptia from the High Council!"
He exhaled a breath hearing the Highlander's voice as he continued to hear "Interesting what does the High Council say about this assassin this time?"
Eric frowned finding the voice sounded different and not of the Highlander this time in a feminine voice. He found the Highlander kept on mind scanning him he kept the glare he hearing roaring within the back of his mind. He kept the glare as the Highlander removed his hand and made a shooing gesture. 
Eric found Anubis and Falcons hauling him up into a standing position followed by hearing "Orders to do with this assassin?"
He heard sounded of Anubis's loud whisper to hear loudly "Just bring him to me now!"
Eric heard the feminine voice sounding alien to him to frown finding Anubis and Falcons got him out of the room to push and pull him further down a maze or corridors meeting no one on the way. He found the three got him into a room that suspiciously reminded him of a computer screening room was doing was spending time typing to the computer. He got forced to kneel to glare at the projection screen in front of him that showed colors to his annoyance in a mirage of rainbows. 
He kept the glare as the voice he figured was of a Highlander female hooked up was heard again "Interesting that this assassin is dressed inappropriately for meeting me on Terra. Talk assassin on what's your assassin name by the High Council."
Eric obeyed to sign his words despite Anubis and Falcons grabbing his hands. 
He forced himself to mouth his name "It's Shad, an assassin."
He heard in response "Computing."
Eric frowned hearing the voice sounded feminine and electronic tones as there were multiple beeping noises heard followed by hearing "Found one hundred percent match."
He kept his mouth into a thin line hearing the voice to glare at the projection to find the Highlander female speaking "Dump this servant onto the Sun Lord to have responsibility for."
He found Anubis and Falcons released him to find himself kneeling on metallic floor that resembled stone while hearing gun cocking sounds sounding in the room. Eric raised his head while raising his hands in a surrender gesture he finding himself surrounded by Highlanders wearing familiar uniforms of blue colors. He didn't comment a response to his mind scanned abruptly only to find two of the Highlanders in front of him putting away their guns and going up to him one tapping him on the shoulder and making a come gesture. Eric obeyed to follow the Highlanders he noticing a symbol for the United States' flag on the wall to his confusion. He didn't comment a response as the Highlanders got him to follow them into an elevator which he folded his arms and waited as the elevator was felt going down followed by showing the familiar dungeon like area dripping of water from memory of it. Eric kept his fear of water to himself as he put on his hooded mask covering his head showing only his eyes. The Highlanders led the way to an open doorway he seeing no one inside the room as he walked into it. He heard a bang sound behind him to spin around yanking out his sword out of habit to find the room's door had slammed shut behind him. Eric felt annoyance take hold in response put away the sword and felt his familiar filming sense hitting him to look around the room to spot a camera dome in the ceiling and spotted a small Meritanian sized plant in the corner. He felt compelled to walk to the bare corner of the room and sit down as he eyed the plant warily he figured was one of Merra and Tank's offsprings. He sat down and felt himself urged to shut his eyes he yawned abruptly from the tiredness hitting him. He felt himself passing out unconscious.

Eric came to hearing a banging sound to jerk open his eyes he finding the door to the room was open and found four Highlanders in the room wearing the familiar uniforms. One saw banging his gun weapon onto the door in loud moves. He got up as the Highlanders thrust their guns aimed at him he kept his arms folded and eyed the middle of them to his shock to see a male figure standing there. Tom found the figure was entirely wearing black clothes that were twin to Sun Lord's clothes but this time had a head cover mask that only showed eye plates of golden eyes seen that appeared to look Human and were narrowed with a glare in them. He kept his mouth shut waiting for the male figure he wasn't sure who he was. 
He frowned as the male looked at a Highlander and heard "Says state your name now stranger."
Eric exhaled a breath hearing that from the Highlander inhaled and mouthed "Shad."
He felt himself annoyed with what he said despite his name was Eric aka Terrania. 
Eric kept the frown while staring at the covered up male to again hear from the Highlander "Says why did the Shonsurrans dump you onto us hmm?"
He mouth firmly recalling the truth was the best on what he heard and eavesdropped from the Shonsurrans he assumed were the members of the High Council living in Terra hidden somewhere and not in Egyptia. 
Eric kept his mouth into a thin line to hear "Says interesting but what do you know of Americania and their views towards the High Council in question?"
He mouthed firmly "I get the impression that the High Council is seen in a bad way. I don't care to serve that group on Terra as long as I return to the world I came from."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line finding the Highlander speaking "This is His Majesty the Sun Lord ruler of Americania who protects the planetary world with his powers from disaster destruction."
Eric didn't say a word in response felt a compulsion to get onto one knee and didn't say a word as he obeyed. He eyed the Sun Lord he figured was the male wearing black clothing to find himself urged to bring his other knee onto the ground. Eric frowned as the Sun Lord kneeled abruptly to see a ring of watery green water surround the male as the Highlanders gathered around backed away with nervousness seen. He felt a compulsion to shut his eyes obeyed while willing forwards the Master hearing gasps sounds. He ignored the gasping to focus onto machinery’s point of view showing a satellite orbiting Terra. He spotted an asteroid making a collusion course towards the planet he glimpsed was entirely of water with multiple islands. Eric continued to watch via his mind as there were lasers arriving from the planet to hit the asteroid into multiple pieces till nothing but dirt remained. He felt himself exhausted abruptly to open his eyes willing aside the Master to find the Sun Lord was standing in the room surrounded by guards. He frowned eyeing the Sun Lord to realize with a start that his mind was altered for him to view a scene from a mind walker he figured was from the Meritanian plant in the room. Eric eyed the Sun Lord who appeared to be studying him by Human golden eyes seen narrowing as if focusing onto his face. He met the Sun Lord's eyes without fear in them despite noticing the Highlanders had fear expressions in their eyes darting from him to the Sun Lord. Eric frowned forming it on his lips as he found the Sun Lord looking away to stare at a Highlander. 
He heard "Says get him out of the brig to the hospital where he can get checked out immediately."
Eric didn't comment a response as two of the guards walked up towards him and made gestures to come which he obeyed to follow them out of the jail cell into the familiar hallway to the elevator. He found guards inside that appeared to look at him nervously. Eric ignored their nervous expressions to find the guards getting him into the lobby of the building and found Hades there blocking his way of compelled walking towards the door entrance. 
Eric grunted an annoyed sound as Hades thrust a finger onto his chest and spoke "You're not going anywhere, Eric."
He removed Hades' finger off his chest to find Hades was again touching him this time fingers onto his neck. 
Eric mouthed firmly "I know you're a Drainer that drinks bloody essence in manoids' bodies. Spare bothering my neck with your hand and get this biting over with."
He gave Hades a glare in response to hear from the Drainer in response "Alright since you said it."
Eric didn't protest as Hades proceeded to get him into a lock hold and had managed to bite his neck he grimacing from the biting. He kept on grimacing as Hades sucked his blood he hearing an Argh sound followed by the Drainer licking the bite wound clothes and pushing him onto the floor. Eric sat on the floor feeling himself dizzy and forced himself to stare at the metallic floor willing aside the dizziness. He kept on staring at the floor as Hades was heard giving off another Argh sound. He heard silence from Hades to find the Drainer was staring at a Highlander he figured was mind scanning the male's mind. He got up once the dizziness spell passed and folded his arms to frown feeling his feet refused to budge from their standing position. He kept his arms folded feeling annoyance take hold. Eric waited as Hades quit the Argh to focus onto him. 
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to hear a growl from Hades to glare at the Drainer as he heard via his ears "Aw get yourself to the hospital and get yourself checked out now."
Eric mouthed firmly "I don't know where that is in this city whatever name it is."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear a bang sound of a door to find two Drainers giving him teeth baring glares coming into view via entrance to the room marched up to him. Eric frowned as the Drainers grabbed a hold of his arms and pulled and pushed him out of the building into the blaring sunlight he looking around at the city that reminded him of Atlanta despite it covered with multiple black plants all over the place. The city had black plants growing out of the buildings including the sidewalks. He found crosswalk lights flashing symbols in vicinity as the Drainers got him down the steps of the building and into the street ignoring the lumbering car vehicles as in getting into the way of them. Eric frown finding stoplights blaring colors to find the traffic of vehicles was controlled by a Highlander standing in the middle of the road making gestures towards vehicles to move and stop. Eric gave up a Humph mentally as the Drainers got him walking through the city he found was twin to Atlanta the Americanian city from the looks of it. He found multiple manoids that appeared to have Human like appearances but this time had odd hair colors and was wearing odd fashions. Eric frowned as the Drainers got him further into the city he noticing multiple Drainers wandering around that gave him glares when they caught him eyeing them. He frowned as the Drainers got him further down the street to reach a familiar building that resembled a hospital from the looks of it to get inside. He found the Drainers got him into a hallway to force him to kneel. He kneeled and waited seemingly lengthy as a manoid with sticks jutting from the head perked up seeing him he spotted had black beady eyes and wings of a monarch butterfly sticking out of his back. Eric frowned as the Drainers spoke gibberish towards the Monarch he assumed was the species and didn't protest as they got him to stand. He found himself pushed and pulled to follow the Monarch further into the hospital to notice it resembled a Human's hospital he spotted equipment sitting forlorn and not in use. Eric frowned as the Drainers got him into an elevator that went up seemingly lengthy followed by thrust out. He walked out with the Drainers thrusting him to a door finding the Monarch stepping aside holding a syringe which he found was injected into his neck he feeling himself sleepy felt himself passing out unconscious-

The Storyteller was interrupted by a loud Humph sound of sarcasm. 
The Storyteller frowned hearing the Humph got pleas from the listening audience “Tell more of the story now!”
The Storyteller frowned but didn’t say a word in response till a voice spoke loudly “What happened to you since you woke up and discovered you alive back from disappeared status?”
The Storyteller pausing from the tale spoke his tale in response to his audience listening.

Chapter Two: Remembering Life as someone else
Eric woke up with memories of Shad the assassin, while he was wearing the assassin's clothes, fully in his mind. He feeling confused to why he wasn't clad in his clothes while lying naked on the bed and nothing involving being Shad to him. He felt restraints holding him in place jerked open his eyes once he felt needles sticking into his form giving him pain. Eric found masked Humans with unkind eyes injecting needles all over his front and not sparing his sensitive part to his annoyance. He gave the medics, a glare in response as he felt a familiar vibration coming from the needles in his skin from the injection site. Eric didn't say a word as he felt compelled to will forward the Master obeyed despite finding the needles remained attached to him. Eric frowned as the vibration seemed lengthy then quit followed by compelled to will aside his mental ability the Master. He obeyed to find himself sleepy shut his eyes only to wake them when he felt an itchy feeling on his neck. Eric found himself lying in bed clad only in a dress that felt like a too short hospital gown as he felt his neck continued to itch. He irritate brought a hand to the area to feel fingers of a Drainer to glare at a familiar female Drainer he recognized from Shad Adam's memories was dubbed Mindy. He kept the glare aimed at Mindy as she spoke gibberish as she quit touching his neck. Eric found himself able to translate the gibberish she spoken he recognized as one of the hissing languages of Americanian in a Human English wording term. 
He found her saying "Anything on this Adam as he calls himself?"
Eric frowned to recall it was the name Shad called he after meeting Mindy despite his name was something else. 
He kept his mouth into a thin line finding a Monarch joining Mindy in view and speaking "Adam is a very unusual for a Human. The size of him indicates his unusual form. He has some kind of alien form hidden within his body that he can at will bring it out. It's oddly triggered by mind walkers mentally speaking to him."
Eric found the Monarch this time had golden eyes of a Human and not the beady black eyes as he focused onto Mindy as if compelled. He frowned as Mindy forced his eyes shut in response he finding himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing a roaring noise sounding in his ear. He jerked open his eyes finding Mindy gone along with the golden eyed monarch to find his familiar two Drainer escorts giving him tooth baring glares. 
One of the Drainers spoke "About time you woke up."
Eric frowned hearing the language was Basic as the Drainers got him out of bed and thrust him his familiar clothes and weapons he put on expertly while  noticing them staring at him unblinkingly. Eric ignored the staring as he felt himself relieved to have his weapons and clothes back onto his form as the Drainers grabbed his arms and pulled and pushed him to an elevator. He wound up inside being dropped from the Drainers' hands' holds to fall down in a lengthy time period to his confusion. He felt confusion to why he was dreaming himself as Shad the assassin named Adam while imaging himself as Terrania aka Eric back and forth within his mind as he fell into a pool of water with a loud splash. His clothes wound up shredding itself from his form while in the water leaving him naked and blind to the darkness of unable to see anything all around him. Eric wound up floating in the water as if confused till he heard voices chattering loudly sounding excited by the voice tone. He frowned feeling his body becoming heavy and not weightlessness hitting him. Eric wound up hearing booming of thunder along with the vibrations. He wound up feeling something wrapped around his form like a blanket covering him entirely. Eric frowned while feeling nothing to indicate of water poisoning to him hitting him but an urge to expel. He frowned as he came to feeling himself lying onto something hard while covered in a blanket covering his entire form along with feeling himself urged to release the toxins within him.
He heard "Let it go now."
Eric obeyed to release the toxins of assumed water within his system. Eric heard faint voices becoming louder and sounding excited to him. He frown hearing the voices sounded gibberish as if his ears were blocked off from hearing them clearly. He shook his head moving his body to feel the blanket yanked off his form baring him naked like a newborn. Eric felt something was gripping his left hand that was bare of blanket coverage. He squeezed back in response hearing faint noises of voices keeping on chattering he struggled to understand what they were saying. Eric frowned as the hand holding onto his hand seemed familiar and was soothing him to squeeze repeatedly. He kept on gripping the hand as his mind began to clear indicating his face was covered with something slimy. Eric released the hand onto his hand and removed the slimy mask covering his face and broke it in half. 
He found a hand patting his cheek in a gentle move while hearing "Sweetie, my sweetheart, wake up."
Eric lazily opened his eyes seeing the night sky above via a cave entrance with lightening flashing above and thunder felt rumbling. He focused onto the hand's owner to gasp of shock seeing it belonged to a Human female with brown hair and intense Human green eyes that smiled at him. She, he saw was smiling at him in a familiar way indicating acceptance and love towards him he was craving for from Humans and the Highlanders. Eric exhaled a breath through his nose finding he wasn't wearing his breathing device as he with his right hand felt his nose. He found the female grabbing his right hand and holding it while kissing it with her lips while staring at him with her familiar look. Eric found himself coughing unexpectedly to find the female helping him adjust his position to roll over along with liquid coming out of his mouth. He coughed out the liquid that came out of his mouth appearing to be a bloody red color to him. Eric frowned seeing the blood coming out of his mouth as he coughed multiple times throwing it up. 
He eyed the female who wasn't concerned by his throwing up instead was heard speaking "That's it. Just cough it up now."
Eric obeyed to cough up the liquid till he had dry heaves and found the female he sure he knew her someplace adjusting his form to lie down back onto the hard table. He sighed and gripped the female's hand holding his hand in a gentle grip while noticing his hand's color was a pale tanned color instead of a dark brown tanned. Eric frowned to eye his other hand in front of his eyesight with a frown while staring at it. He saw it was twin to his clawed handed look but was pale tanned Human color including sniffing them. He sensed something involving poison coming from them at the tips of the fingernails he figured involved his Legendian status. Eric frown feeling confusion hitting him to why he was altered body wise. He eyed the female with a frown who reached out a hand and rubbed his cheek he sighed loudly shocking him from the feel of electrical currents hitting him from the feel of her hand touching him. He sighed again loudly and didn't comment a response as he heard squeaking noises sounding familiar coming nearer and nearer. Eric frown hearing the noises sounding familiar to find the female letting go of his hand and face to his regret. He sighed again and found himself still breathing via his own nose and nothing to indicate his rage episodes as another hand was felt gripping his hand. The hand gripping him felt webby and warm along with soothing him. Eric looked at the hand's owner to find it belonged to a female sitting in a metallic chair next to his stone bed while clad in black smooth clothes and having pale white skin with long black hair and intense Human like black eyes that had concern in them.
He found himself speaking to his shock verbalizing his words "Raisa."
Eric exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak more only to get Raisa putting a finger to quiet to her lips. He frowned but remained silent while staring at Raisa to find her removing her hand and adjusting the wheelchair a bit away from the table as he heard beeping noises. Eric frowned while eyeing Raisa to find something resembling a laser light flashing over him and appeared to be scanning him entirely. He ignored the laser lights to keep his eyes onto Raisa as if needing to do it. The lasers quit with a loud beep noise followed by the familiar brown haired female back to help him sit up. He sat up while finding himself on a stone like table with metallic walls all around in a circle. Eric frowned but didn't comment a response as the female he figured was Georgina Visser helped him off the table. Georgina, he sensed seemed to have strong strength helped him stand on his weak legs and got him moving out of the room with Raisa wheeling herself via squeaks heard behind. Eric frowned finding himself taller than Georgina than his normal matching height to her. He frowned as Georgina got him into a hallway to a wheelchair and forced himself to sit. He didn't protest as Georgina wheeled the wheelchair from behind her seemingly strong enough to do it. Eric frowned while looking around finding the hallway was metallic and heard multiple water dripping noises sounding all around him. He steeled himself to not be afraid as the wheelchair passed doors in the walls that were metallic and had Shonsurran writing symbols on them he recognized as a part of the High Council. Eric exhaled a breath and breathed deeply through his nose feeling relieved to be freed from the breathing device. He kept his mouth into a thin line as Georgina wheeled the wheelchair into an elevator followed by Raisa joining them inside. He frowned as he saw a water tank via window showing bubbles going up as the elevator was felt going up.
He felt a compulsion to speak spoke "So what's going on with me?"
Eric found nothing but silence in response to find Raisa facing him putting a finger to her lips and refusing to answer his question. He groaned softly and didn't comment a response as the elevator was felt going up seemingly lengthy followed by the walls breaking away showing an endless watery like view of multiple domes scattered on the sea floor with the sunlight dimly shining. Eric groaned softly seeing the window view making him nervous enough to shiver from his fear of water poisoning. He rubbed hands over his eyes while shaking his head of the fear as the elevator was felt rising up slowly from the water's depths. He groaned softly and heard a loud Humph sound sounding of Raisa to him. Eric removed his hands to focus onto her finding she had a calculating look in her eyes with expression indicating something she knew and she wasn't going to say what it was. Eric groaned softly seeing the facial expression as the elevator's windows got covered followed by metallic walls coming into view blocking the view of the watery view to his relief. He frowned while keeping his mouth shut into a thin line feeling his teeth was familiar and fanged as before but appeared too focused onto two points on his upper teeth. Eric felt his teeth via his tongue feeling instead of fanged points all over the place in his upper and lower teeth he felt only two points were fanged and larger than normal sized. He exhaled a breath through his mouth as the elevator was felt stopping followed by the door to the thing opening showing a hallway resembling a hospital from his memory as Shad. He frowned as Georgina pushed the wheelchair into the hallway finding various manoids arriving from hidden spots he didn't notice. He found the manoids were entirely human with golden Human like eyes and various black and blonde hairs that got him out of the wheelchair onto a bed. He sighed as the Humans he assumed were medics hooked up various machinery to his body and appeared to be testing him further. Eric frowned finding Raisa was smirking he noticed she had a smirk on her face like she was indicating something funny. He frowned as Georgina stepped back staring at him ignoring Raisa with her familiar look on her face he recognized was of acceptance. 
Eric thought to himself "Acceptance to who I am now?"
He frowned as the medics declared him healthy by saying "He's clear!"
Eric sighed and didn't comment a response as he was handed clothes to wear which he put on finding that they were familiar but in a masculine term. It was involving a pair of leggings, with a large tunic and boots including a belt wrapped around his waist. Eric frowned finding his hair was longer length and entirely black as he didn't protest to Georgina brushing it for him. 
He didn't protest as Georgina plaited his hair into a braid via the feel then got forced to stand up and declared "Your presentable, Nikolas."
Eric gapped in response hearing Georgina using the name of Nikolas to speak "I need to see what I look like."
He found Georgina in response going to a part of the wall and yanking open a door via sliding and speaking "Just go inside and see for yourself."
He obeyed to find himself in a private room including spotting a mirror as he eyed himself fully via face to gasp of shock. He gasped of shock seeing his face wasn't of Eric Kossman Zesky but of Nikolas Visser himself he confused to see that. Eric stared at himself via the mirror including rubbing a hand over his face while hearing ahem sounds from Georgina.
He spoke sounding in a guttural growling tone that didn't sound like Nikolas, "What the depths did you do to me after I got water poisoned to death?"
Eric formed a glare while eyeing Georgina who formed a big frown followed by slamming the door shut in a bang move. He went to the door to slide it open only to hear a faint beep noise indicating it locked from outside. Eric frowned but didn't comment a response to that locking. Instead he banged a fist onto the door and found it opened followed by Georgina looking annoyed looking at him up and down.
Georgina spoke "Drat I kept on hoping this would work."
Eric spoke in response "Who am I supposed to be anyway? Nikolas Visser? Not when I feel like I'm someone else."
He gave Georgina a glare in response who without a word walked away going to Raisa she heard snarling "He's all yours."
Eric frowned as Georgina walked out of sight. He went out of the bathroom to Raisa to frown while folding his arms and gave her a glare with eyes narrowed as he cleared his throat. 
He found Raisa looking him up and down followed by her speaking "Alright Nikolas Visser passed away via injury to his head. The medical procedure done onto him to save his life involved him wearing the Hades mask and suit to restore him to life. It involved healing him of his medical injury while wearing Hades. Unfortunately he indicated he wasn't born of Terrania and was rejected in efforts to be restored back to life. The Hades suit didn't do anything for him this time instead let his body become dirt. It was used onto one Eric Kossman Zesky who actually disappeared or died in Human terms, from water poisoning."
Eric hissed loudly hearing that as Raisa kept speaking "His water poisoning got too much to shred his body to his bones which his skeleton wound up intact was saved by me. I managed to get his skeleton to the Lancelot order as this group here in Shonsurra calls themselves believes of Lance Richard an All Seeing One God."
He frowned but didn't comment a response as Raisa continued speaking "The skeleton was given the Hades' mask as an experiment on seeing if manoids dead with a skeleton form can be restored back to life. Appears some of Nikolas's DNA stuck to the Hades' mask suit and formed over the skeleton forming what I'm seeing in front of me. A hybrid of Eric Kossman Zesky and Nikolas Visser. Mostly mind of Eric Kossman Zesky with inner organs of him including an outside appearance body form of Nikolas Visser. You're safe from water poisoning."
Eric sighed as Raisa continued "You're body on the outside as indicated as Nikolas Visser is protecting you and your inner organs from water poisoning. But ingesting water can poison you and make you sick. You still have the clawed hands of Eric Kossman Zesky that involves some scratching people with poison status onto them. I'll make sure that the proper hand wear is made for you to wear."
Eric spoke once Raisa paused from speaking she giving him a familiar glare "I remember that explosion done onto the apartment was some stunt by the High Council to have me declared dead to the public so they could rope me into servitude as an assassin named Shad. I have lots to tell you from what I remember."
He frowned as Raisa spoke "I know you have plenty to say to us about what you remember so come with me. I'll show you where to go for telling the tale."
He obeyed to follow Raisa wheeling her wheelchair out of the hallway and back into the familiar elevator. He frowned as he found it going down with a faint beep noise after Raisa waved a hand towards the doors. Once again he saw the familiar watery view and shut his eyes while bending down groaning loudly. Eric groaned from the watery view as he forced himself to peer at it that seemed lengthy with its trip down to the domes followed by walls forming over the windows to his relief. He groaned softly as he followed Raisa out of the elevator into a hallway that seemed to be made of stone cave walls. He smelled salt air of the ocean a stink he recognized and felt aggravated by it. Eric followed Raisa wheeling over metallic floors some with multiple cave entrances having blankets covering the area. He groaned softly and followed Raisa till he heard noises of chattering voices sounding of gibberish to him. Eric frowned finding the voices didn't sound of Americania's hissing language instead seemed alien. He followed Raisa into a large cavern room appearing to be a dome with sunlight blaring overhead dimly. The watery like view made him groan loudly which he kept his eyes onto Raisa ignoring everything around him. He found the voices quit to become silent to his shock as Raisa wheeled the wheelchair around to face him. Eric forced himself to look around the room finding the dome contained a cafeteria like room containing various Humans about twenty in number at scattered tables all appearing to be staring at him with various emotions on their faces. He saw some were shock, some were awe, some were of disbelief and some were of various looks he recognized from Georgina. Eric found Georgina sitting at a table ignoring him and not looking his way. 
He sighed and spoke loudly in Basic "Hello?"
Gibberish talk resumed followed by the Humans resuming what they were doing in the room appearing to be ignoring him. He sighed and went to Raisa who wheeled her wheelchair to Georgina's table finding Georgina was reading a book and ignoring them. He went to sit down next to Georgina at the table and frowned as his nose smelled something that made his stomach rumble in hunger. Eric frowned while looking around the room as if needing to do it till a female Human with looks of Georgina but in a younger version arrived carrying a tray holding dishware. He frowned as the female with awe looks put the tray in front of him and Georgina. This was followed by the female tapping Georgina onto the shoulder. Georgina he eyed with a frown quit reading the book in response and placed it down onto the table in a fast speed move marking her spot. He spotted the cover was in Shonsurran written language from the looks of recognizing it. He found himself clueless to what the language said on her book as Georgina took the tray and put a cup of nourishment in front of him. He frowned as she made a drinking sign which he obeyed finding himself itching to drink forced himself to sip it taking his time. Eric sipped the drink he recognized as chocolate milk in Human terms but cocoa in Drainer's terms. He sighed once he finished the drink and frowned finding Georgina was sharing the dishware with Raisa by handing the female a bowl and silverware who ate and drank her food. He frowned while focused onto Raisa hearing her converse with Georgina in gibberish like language he clueless to what they were saying. Eric formed a frown while hearing the gibberish spoken all over the place making him annoyed and confused at the same time. He ignored the gibberish to focus onto Georgina who quit chattering with Raisa to stare at him with a narrowed eyed look. He frowned recognizing the look was of indicating she was up to something and he wasn't going to like it. 
Eric frowned as Georgina held up the book and spoke in Basic "So tell me if you can read this?"
He sighed and took the book and peered at the pages finding the script was in Shonsurran but couldn't read it.
Eric spoke in basic "I recognize the language as Shonsurran but I can't read it or get it this gibberish you all speaking in."
He heard silence in the room to frown as Georgina took the book and whacked him onto the top of his head with it. 
He spoke "Owe! What's with that?"
Eric frowned as Georgina spoke in basic further silencing the room "Your Eric Kossman Zesky in body form of Nikolas Visser."
He heard Georgina's words was a statement and not a fact to realize to himself "Someone didn't tell those people who I was actually."
Eric spoke firmly while giving Georgina a glare "Of course I'm who you say I am. I have memories of Eric Kossman Zesky fully in my mind. If you want explanations to why I feel like him instead of this Nikolas Visser via appearance don’t ask me. Ask the ones who healed me and brought me back to life for that."
He narrowed his golden eyes into slits to find Georgina in response speaking in gibberish loudly which he kept the glare. Eric heard voices resume into the room only to find the familiar female was back who took the tray of dishware away. He frowned finding Georgina resumed reading her book and ignoring him to his annoyance. Eric focused onto Raisa to find the female was appearing to be peering over Georgina's shoulder at the book as far as her wheelchair status would let her. 
He groaned softly and spoke mentally to himself "This is going to take awhile before I get used to this and those people used to me as who I am now."
Eric heard nothing in response to his thoughts instead focused onto staring at Georgina who ignored him, by reading her book seemingly lengthy. He found Georgina in response to finishing her book tossed it to Raisa who caught it both handed and got the female taking his hand and pulling him up to stand. Eric frowned as Georgina without a word got him through the cafeteria he groaning from the watery view all around him. He frowned as Georgina got him into a cave entrance followed by showing a hallway leading to an entrance he smelled eater fires to his nostrils. Eric frowned as Georgina got him into a doorway followed by showing a large cavern room that appeared to be a library full of books with various languages in it. He frowned as she got him to a table and ordered him to sit. Eric obeyed and didn't protest as Georgina got a book from the shelf behind the table and proceeded to teach him how to read, write and speak in the gibberish language he recognized as Shonsurran. He realized with a start that the language was Shonsurran making him confused to why they were using it. He found Georgina seemed relentless with the teaching and refused to take a break from it despite he feeling annoyed with having to repeat the language over and over. 
Eric found himself after awhile of repeated language uses instantly getting the language enough to speak in it "What's the book you were reading in the dome's room?"
He got from her in response "The dome's room is our meeting room as referred not dome room. It's a book on an Eric Kossman Zesky."
Eric exhaled a breath hearing that as she continued "That book was supposedly some journalistic writings of Eric Kossman Zesky published by his son Eric Kossman Zesky Junior."
He groaned loudly hearing that as Georgina without a word got up and gently placed hands onto his shoulders he sighed from her touch. 
He didn't comment a response as Georgina spoke "The explosion of the eater fire hitting your residence in Rhineland, Fatherland left some items of yours intact. Such as this journal supposedly written by your hand. I know now was actually written by Raisa doing it to remember you for her son to use when he grew older from missing you."
Eric sighed and didn't comment a response further as Georgina removed her hands as he heard squeaking sounds of Raisa's wheelchair coming closer and closer. He frowned as Raisa wheeled into view with Georgina's familiar book on her lap. 
He frowned as Raisa tossed him the book and got from her "Just take a look see and if you remember anything."
He obeyed to scan the book fast finding it was in Shonsurran written language and seemed to be what he told his son Niyan as a youngster suffering from nightmares his story via his memories in mind. He sighed once done to hand Raisa the book who placed it onto her lap and appeared to keep it there while staring at him with a frown. Eric frowned but didn't comment a response as Georgina went to sit down opposite from him. 
He frowned while eyeing Georgina who spoke "So your memories of what happened from the explosion? You remember anything involving that?"
Eric sighed and sensed others arriving into the library to gather around him and the females, sitting on the rugged floors. 
He frowned as Raisa spoke "This room is reserved for storytelling memories only and nothing involving reading books. The books are to be read in the dome room if they survive the trip actually. So tell us your story, Eric."
Eric sighed hearing Raisa using his name obeyed to speak the story "On planet Humania with her moon daughter Edenia orbiting the planet Aire after leaving Terrania...."
The Storyteller, Eric himself paused from telling the tale to notice Humans in the room leaving while appearing to be shaking some sleepiness status from them. He caught offsprings about four of them sleeping onto the floor. He frowned pausing from telling the tale to eye them only to get a hand snapping in front of his eyes. 
Eric looked seeing the hand’s owner was Georgina who spoke in a loud whisper “This room is also used for the offsprings to take naps in from listening to stories. The offsprings seemed to have trouble sleeping in their rooms. Too much of enclosed spaces to them.”
He inhaled a breath and whispered “You owe me an explanation to why you and people are living here contained instead of among the population.”
Eric got tossed a book in response which he caught with his left hand finding Raisa wheeling her wheelchair towards him and speaking “Read that story, Deceiving Appearances. It’s a written record as said by a descendant of Nikolas himself about his life and Georgina Visser, his mate. It’ll explain some questions to why everyone is here hiding contained instead among the population as you say it.”
Eric obeyed to read the book entirely reading the story “Deceiving Appearances” as titled.
He once done sighed loudly from reading the book to frown finding Georgina still seated across from him via the table giving him a glare with her eyes flaring golden. 
He groaned softly and spoke “Nikolas Visser made a deal with the High Council for living here with his family out of safety of being declared crazy from predicting disaster of the planet attacked. No one believed him and thought he was predicting doom and gloom for nothing. They wound up targeting him and his family when the doom and gloom came true as in flooding hitting the land forming islands all over the place like Terrania as before-“
He was interrupted by a gasp sound from Georgina as he added speaking “Terrania from what I know of that planet was mostly a planetary world full of islands separated by the ocean or watery body including an island continent nation of Americania-“
He was again interrupted by Georgina again gasping loudly as he gave her a glare and spoke “What’s with you being shocked, Georgina?”
Eric glared in response only to see Georgina’s eyes water in tears followed by her speaking in some sad voice tone “Edenia kept her promise when she left. Edenia contacted me and said she promised to restore Terrania once she left orbit. It appears the disaster of the doom and gloom that Nikolas predicted was the restoring of Terrania as the planet was before Edenia left, which you confirmed as a native. I should have realized that she would remind me of her promise via using you as a native of Terrania who survived that world and lived again.”
Eric exhaled a breath and didn’t comment a response as Georgina burst into tears crying hysterically. He heard the crying noises become louder and louder till it appeared to be vibrating within his skull. Eric found darkness arriving to his eyesight blocking his view of everything all around him including himself feeling weightlessness like he weighted nothing. 
He felt pain of something coming out of his stomach while hearing a shrieking like cry sounding of “Life!”  
Eric frowned hearing that as nothing came to his memory of what the life comment meant. He felt again pain hitting his stomach followed by hearing a shriek of joy sounding from the voice that spoke the life comment. Eric found light blaring into his eyesight as he found his body becoming heavy like it was weighted of ton. He grimaced from the light’s glare onto his eyes flinched while shutting his eyes, not realizing where he was. Eric felt pressure of a hand webby and smooth and giving him feelings of pleasure patting his cheek in an insisting move urging him to open his eyes. He obeyed to squint from the glare of sunlight shining overhead via a cave entrance overhead him. Eric felt something slimy on his face that resembled the Hades’ mask. He with both hands yanked it off his face and tore it in half as the hand kept on patting his cheek. He jerked his eyes onto the hand’s owner to find it belonged to familiar female he recognized as Raisa. Eric exhaled a breath and sniffed the air via his nostrils he finding his familiar breathing device was gone from his nose. He groaned softly and felt his eyesight cloud up of whiteness as he forced himself to sit up shaking the rage episode of angry feeling from him. Eric felt a hand onto his shoulder pressing him down to lie down. He obeyed to lie down and felt Raisa’s hand removed. Eric frowned as there was a familiar beeping noise indicating of a laser to him. He breathed deeply through his nostrils smelling various scents for the first time as his eyesight remained cloudy white to his annoyance. Eric didn’t protest as the beeping noise quit followed by hands masculine grabbing him and lifting him up with great strength to carry him off the stone table. He felt the figure was male and bigger than his size that easily carried him while hearing squeaking sounds of Raisa’s wheelchair. Eric sighed softly and forced his other senses to help him figure where he was being carried. He recalled the elevator leading to the Humans’ medical room to feel a motion of an elevator followed by sounds of water rumbling making him nervous. Eric shivered in fear hearing the water sounds sounding all around him while held in the grips of a male he wasn’t sure who it was. He didn’t protest as the elevator was felt stopping followed by put onto a bed and felt the familiar pains of needles jabbing all over the place. Eric groaned loudly from the pain as he again felt his angry feeling hitting him forced himself to mediate with eyes shut willing himself to be calm. He kept himself calm and kept on mediating as the needles were felt vibrating within his body seemingly lengthy to his annoyance. Eric found relief when the needles were removed followed by lifted up to a standing position and thrust objects into his hands. He felt the objects were clothes from the feel of his clawed hands. Eric obeyed to put on the clothes he felt were twin to his blue waterproof jumpsuit he wore while out traveling around Rhineland city. He put on the clothes and got handed his familiar gloves which he put on. Eric frowned feeling his eyesight remained whiteness cloudy to his annoyance as his angry feeling simmered within him. He sighed and felt pressure of a hand gripping his left hand along with a familiar hand over his heart he felt was from Raisa. 
“Raisa.” He found himself speaking.
Eric heard his voice sounded alien to him and seemed in some growling voice tone.
He frowned as he added as Raisa’s hand tapped his chest “I can hear myself talk but I can’t see.”
Eric heard himself speaking his words as he heard a loud Humph sounding in a guttural growling tone followed by hearing “He can hear as indicated to him and isn’t fully deaf and blind as expected. He’s blind for now.” 
Eric frowned hearing the voice sounded familiar in a feminine voice tone made him speak “Niya, is that you?”
He clamped his mouth into a thin line feeling annoyed with what he blurted as there was another voice speaking “His blindness isn’t permanent according to tests. It’s only a temporary condition he will have on and off for the remainder of his life living in Terra.”
Eric exhaled a breath hearing the voice sounded familiar to him to speak as if compelled “Kurpanov, is that you?”
He again felt annoyance with what he blurted as the voice masculine and male familiar was heard “Anything he needs to survive while here I’ll help out. I paid a price tag for that survival and I aim to see that no one suffers it, from what I went through as a blind male myself.”
Eric spoke “Nikolas Visser, is that you?”
He heard a rumbling chuckle sound followed by hearing from Nikolas again “Terrania lives whether you like it or not. She’ll always find a way to come back to existence and will do what it takes to exist.”
He sighed hearing Nikolas’s words sounding firm as he heard nothing more from the male only to hear a sound of a dog barking along with clicking noises of a dog’s toenails clicking loudly. Eric frowned as Raisa’s hands left him followed by grabbed again and forced his gloved left hand to hold onto something resembling a harness while sensing himself sniffed by a gonoid at the sensitive part. He frowned feeling the sniffing didn’t seem lengthy instead was followed by a bark sound indicating a dog followed by the harness felt adjusted via motions. Eric frowned as the harness was felt clicking in place of the dog via feel that appeared to have accepted him as its master. He didn’t say a word in response instead shook his head of the cloudiness only to feel Raisa’s hand tapping his arm. 
He spoke “Raisa?”
Eric heard “It’s going to take awhile before you can see again. The breathing device’s gas drug will have to run through your system via various ways before you can see again.”
He groaned but remained holding onto the dog’s harness feeling it stuck to his left side like glue. 
He frowned as he heard “Anyhow, Eric, meet Delancy as he’s called your new eyes and detector of your blind episodes hitting you.”
He sighed hearing Nikolas’s words as he felt his hood placed over his head covering his head entirely along with sensing eye plates including removed. Eric didn’t comment a response as Nikolas was heard adding instructions on using Delancy as his eyes while having blinding rage episodes.
Including told “Delancy is trained to signal you at his own discretion when your about to go blind. He’ll let you know of that signal. It appears that your blind episodes leave some kind of smell that a dog gonoid like him can detect and alert you of them. Don’t worry the natives of Kurpanov’s Sanctuary won’t keep you too long here.”
Eric spoke “Kurpanov’s Sanctuary? What’s that?”
He frowned as he heard in response voice from Raisa “Kurpanov Kossman as he’s called made a deal with the High Council taking residence in Terra, to leave certain areas of the planetary world alone for manoids to use for medical means to recover from medical issues.”
Eric exhaled a breath as he continued to hear from Raisa “The High Council has taken advantage of Kurpanov’s Sanctuary to send servants of them suffering medical issues for healing and restoring back to health status. Unfortunately those servants are sometimes dropped of servitude when the High Council loses interests into having them serve them. I warn you, Eric, Nikolas, Georgina, that the High Council is like an offspring with short attention span involving toys to play with. They lose interests into toys aka servants to serve them for awhile to have a normal life. This is followed by them later gaining interests into the servant again to serve them. It’s a terrible cycle that keeps on happening over and over again like a bad habit. I’m not even sure of what will cause the High Council to drop this cycle permanently.”
He sighed softly to hear a faint bark sound from the dog as his eyesight became clearer and clearer to his shock along with the angry feeling leaving him. Eric found himself in some medical bedroom facing Nikolas wearing the Hades suit with mask down onto his chest and spotted a female Human he recognized as twin to his Niya. He figured that she was Georgina Visser as he noticed Raisa seated in her wheelchair looking at him with a narrowed eyed glare. 
Eric spoke loudly noticing her glare “I can see again.”
He eyed Nikolas and Georgina to find them doing double take looks followed by the male resuming his Hades’ mask with a flick move and folding his arms. He ignored Nikolas sensed glaring at him to focused onto Georgina who held up one of her hands towards him in some handshake method. Eric sighed and shook hands with Georgina forcing himself to avoid the temptation of kissing it with his lips. He frowned while eyeing the dog to see it was twin to a dog breed dubbed German Shepherd Dog by the Humans but dubbed Fatherland’s Dog by the Elves. Eric found the dog Delancy seemed content being in a harness with his hand holding it and was acting calm to him. He sighed and focused onto Raisa who quit her glare followed by holding up a book into his direction from a pocketbook in her chair.
He frowned as she spoke “Tell me you can read this.”
Eric eyed Delancy to recall the instructions involving seeing to find a long leash attached to the harness to pick it up and wrap his hand around it freeing the harness’s bar. He found Delancy in response plopped himself down onto the floor and remained lying as if asleep with tail thumping in a gentle move. 
He sighed and took the book from Raisa to read the cover finding it said “Eric’s Journal.”
Eric opened the book finding printed words in Japanese aka Shonsurra’s written language but told in an English writing style of left to right from its contents. He scanned the book to realize with a start it was a copy of a journal he wrote himself stories for Niyan to read to himself when his son was old enough to not share a bed with his parents out of nightmares. 
Eric spoke once handing the journal back to Raisa “What’s going on since I was out declared disappeared while serving the High Council?”
He frowned as Raisa took the book and put it back into her pocketbook attached to the wheelchair’s side and heard a growling noise of annoyance from Nikolas. He eyed Nikolas whose hands fisted but arms remained folded. 
Groaning Eric spoke “I was under the assumption that you knew what happened to me.”
He got Nikolas shaking his head into a no gesture while spotting Georgina giving him a golden eyed glare in response. Eric eyed Raisa with a frown to find her folding her arms and giving him a glare. He obeyed to speak the story of his servitude of serving the High Council while as an assassin named Shad in Ireland. 
He added speaking “The Elves called Ireland, Merra’s Land because it was littered with plants of her all over the place and seemed to have her personality involving trashing the High Council to the Humans living there. Ireland seemed to be some sanctuary land from the Elves and the High Council’s manipulations for Humans to live doing whatever they wanted. Hence the High Council roping Humans into assassination work in Ireland for anybody they deemed deserves to die. I’m not sure how I wound up freed from this Shad status temporary like what Raisa said, they lost interests into me at the moment.”
He frowned while eyeing Raisa to see her shaking her head in a no gesture and got from her in response “The High Council never loses interests in servants serving them. They temporary put them out of service to rest and are rewarded for their servitude. Your reward is your dog companion to let you know of your rage episodes instead of your breathing device. I suspect that Delancy as he’s called is trained to be an attack dog other than just your eyes for you to see.”
He heard a faint whining noise from Delancy to feel the leash become taut in his hands. He frowned while eyeing Delancy to find the dog was no longer resting onto the floor instead was acting tensed up. 
He groaned softly and figured to himself “My rages must be coming onto me.”
Eric found his thought coming true by his eyesight clouding up as he felt his angry mood hitting him making him snarl loudly “Drat!”
Eric felt a hand patting him onto the shoulder as the rages went through him he feeling Delancy a calming influence onto him. He shook off the rages and remained holding onto Delancy’s leash as the hand’s owner he saw belonged to Nikolas who resumed folding his arms. He frowned while eyeing Nikolas with a frown as Raisa was heard clearing her throat.
Eric spoke “So what am I supposedly being doing other than standing around doing nothing?”
He frowned as Raisa wheeled her wheelchair and felt Delancy straining against the leash to follow which he obeyed finding the dog was sticking to his left side like trained glue. He frowned as he followed Raisa wheeling her wheelchair through a hallway indicating medical hospital uses to see her pause in front of a door holding only whiteness that resembled something he recognized, a travel gate. 
He groaned softly as Raisa spoke loudly appearing to be addressing a small plant twin to Merra by the looks “Rhineland, Fatherland and make it seem like we came out of the hospital now.”
He frowned as he felt his mind scanned and found an image of a place he recognized fully into his mind as Raisa led the way through the travel gate to find he coming out of an elevator of a hospital’s lobby room. He frowned finding various Elves, hybrids of Humans and Highlanders, via looks, scattered around the room that were armed with guns and appeared to ignore their intrusion. He heard barking sounding again to find Delancy still off his side but silent as an Elf arrived with a dog pulling onto the leash in some restrained move. He sighed and ignored the Elf’s dog going up to Raisa and appeared to be sniffing her wheelchair all over the place including sniffing him and his dog. He figured that the dog was a detector of something onto visitors leaving the hospital. Eric kept his mouth shut into a thin line as the Elf waved them out with a jerk of his head as the Elf’s dog resumed a sitting position onto haunches next to the male in some trained move. He wordlessly followed Raisa out to put on his hooded mask finding her leading the way further into the city he spotted was Rhineland from the looks of it but smelled through the hood, salt ocean air. 
He recalled himself as Nikolas to realize with a start as he followed Raisa into the city “Island nations are back as before.”
Eric frowned following Raisa finding she seemed to know where she was going with Delancy sticking by him like glue including ignoring other dogs walking by on leashes making sniffing movements towards them both. He ignored the dogs to follow Raisa through the city as his rages again hit which he felt for the harness and grabbed it. 
He recalled Nikolas’s instructions related to Delancy spoke loudly “Delancy, follow Raisa.”
Eric found the noises of the city wasn’t that loud to him instead seemed quieter while hearing Raisa’s wheelchair squeaking loudly as he sensed Delancy obeying to his order to follow her. He frowned as Raisa led the way till there was a faint beep noise of a sliding door opening followed by the city noises quit including another beep noise. He frowned as he followed Raisa guided by Delancy to find his rages going away which he looked around spotting a lobby with a desk that had a female Elf at a computer console typing away that ignored Raisa wheeling. He frowned as Raisa made a beeline towards a ramp to an entrance into the lobby. He followed Raisa going onto the ramp and followed her into the hallway finding she was leading to the elevator at the end of the hallway. He frowned as Raisa held up a hand towards a laser’s light followed by her giving him a glare. He sighed and adjusted his hold onto Delancy’s harness to hold the leash and released a hand from his gloves pulling the sleeve up from covering the area and waved a hand towards the laser. He frowned as there was a faint sound of multiple ding noises to indicate an elevator. Eric didn’t say a word in response as he again heard Delancy’s whining noises sounding familiar to hear nothing from Raisa. He growled an annoyed sound as his rages again hit which he felt for the harness and gave his familiar order. He didn’t have to wait long for the elevator which arrived with a loud ding noise annoying him. Eric felt annoyed and wordlessly followed Raisa into the elevator hearing her throat clearing noises sounding again. 
He sighed and held up his hand only to hear from her “Your eye is required for that.”
Eric resumed putting onto his glove and yanked off his hooded coverage and felt Delancy maneuver him to a spot in the elevator. He frowned as there was a red laser glaring onto his cloudiness followed by hearing a faint beep noise as his rages left him. He shook his head of the rages and again blinked from the glare of red lights blinding him into his eyes. Eric again heard another beep noise and frowned to step away from the console a camera dome indicating its light’s source. He found Raisa without a word adjusting her wheelchair to sit underneath the dome finding its red light blaring into her eyes followed by another familiar beep noise.
Eric spoke “What’s with the security anyway?”
He frowned as he eyed Raisa in response that shook her head from the camera dome followed by the elevator moving up. 
Eric cleared his throat loudly only to get from Raisa speaking in response “I’ll tell you once we’re safety home.”
He frowned as his rages hit on and off during the ride up via elevator to feel it stop after five counted dinging noises. He found his rages quit once he followed Raisa out of the elevator to see a small lobby holding a glass door that opened with a beep sound.
Eric heard a voice speaking “Greetings Raisa and Master Eric, how may I help you today?”
He found the voice’s owner belonged to a male Human clad in a suit with a bow tie that flashed eyes golden of a Compeller standing in the hallway of the residence. Eric sighed hearing the door slam shut with a bang noise behind him. He heard Delancy whining some noises to groan softly and recalled Nikolas’s instructions involving freedom for the dog around the residence. 
Eric heard from the male again as his rages hit “Excuse me, I haven’t proper introduced myself. I’m James your butler of the residence. I take care of your needs including the needs of your residence gonoids when called for it.”
He sighed and released Delancy from the harness to feel the dog stuck close to him like glue despite not clad in harness while wearing a collar. 
He spoke while having the rages in control “James, direct me to where I can hang this harness of Delancy’s.”
Eric found James obeying without questioning him and his blindness which he hung up the harness onto the wall along with sensing Delancy remained attached to him. He sighed and found James managed to put the leash into his hand that felt like it was attached to Delancy. 
James heard speaking as Raisa’s wheelchair was heard wheeling away “You need this Master Eric for finding where you’re to go around here. And yes I was made aware of your issues involving blindness. I’m not to question why you have it. It’s the same as Raisa and her medical issues. I’m not to question it. Just call me via name of James wherever you are in the residence and I’ll come to you and assist on whatever request you want regarding how silly it is.”
Eric sighed and spoke “Thanks James-“
He was interrupted “Unnecessary on the thanking Master Eric. I’m ordered to do whatever order you and Missus Raisa order me no matter how I disagree with it or not.”
Eric sighed and found his rages going away to shake the cloudiness from his eyesight. He found James no where in sight to frown finding the harness attached to a hook on the wall including the leash held in his hand. He found Delancy had plopped himself onto the floor without the leash attached to his collar and appeared to be snoozing to him. Eric sighed and put the leash onto the hook next to the harness and without a word began exploring the apartment he figured was the residence. Eric found Delancy stuck by him without the leash including giving off noises to indicate his rages hitting him as he explored the residence with or without his eyesight. He found a porch during his explorations having some glass windows seen that looked twin to his mediation room in his previous apartment. Eric found Delancy sniffing around the large porch room he figured involving the dog’s use for bathroom by finding various items as said by Nikolas to indicate it. He gave the order verbalized to find Delancy obeying to his order. Eric once Delancy was done stuck to his side as he left the porch shutting the sliding door only to hear Raisa’s wheelchair squeaking nearer and nearer. 
Eric frowned while feeling the rages in control as he heard “Eric, one of James’s duties is attending to that mess in the porch by Delancy. James is required to do that order but he needs to know when it’s done by calling his name and telling him that. Just so he can get the mess cleaned up ASAP. His duties involving Delancy only involve being in the residence as in assisting in cleaning up his messes and seeing that his health is attended to including fed the proper diet. Delancy is your job when he’s out of the residence involving bathroom and taking in nourishment.”
Eric groaned softly hearing Raisa’s words to yell loudly “James!”
He heard nothing but a loud Tsk sound off his left as his eyesight cleared up showing James standing there holding objects in his hands. 
He sighed and spoke “Delancy-“
He was interrupted “I’m aware of that as indicated by the Master arriving to the residence for the first time and maybe have the gonoid do his business.”
Eric sighed and didn’t comment a response instead went to further explore the apartment with Delancy still sticking by him off his left. He found his rages coming and going to his annoyance including finding a dining room with double doors to a kitchen. 
He wound up finding James appearing in front of him via Tsk sound and speaking “Kitchen is off limits to the Missus and Master and assistance gonoids of the residence. It’s sort of sanctuary for servants to use when remaining in the residence awaiting orders to be done. Excuse me for not telling you that earlier. The Missus made it clear that information you should learn is on a need to know basis once it’s appropriate.”
Eric sighed and didn’t comment a response instead felt his rages hitting him again. He sensed Delancy off his left and with the dog’s help maneuvered himself out of the dining room into the hallway. 
He spoke “Search, Raisa.”
“She’s in the Master bedroom.” He heard via a squeaky voice sounding electronic of a machine that sounded of the High Council’s Eli, a live hooked up manoid brain in a computer machine.
He sighed and ignored the voice to search for the Master bedroom finding it was the other side of the residence away from the kitchen to find the door shut. He went to the door knocking onto it harder than intended despite the rages again hitting him again. 
Eric heard from Eli he assumed was the name of the computer mind “Knocking is only for servants and not for Master of the residence.”
Eric groaned and without a word opened the door sensing Delancy still sticking by him. He entered the room and shut the door behind him while sensing Delancy assisting on his explorations of the room. Eric found another covered porch area that had pillows onto the floor and appeared to be twin to his mediation room. He sighed once he finished exploring the bedroom and went to explore the bathroom facilities. 
He heard from Raisa once he opened the door she splashing in the tub from the noises “Shower stall is set for your cleaning standards. I’m just using the tub for myself to clean. Delancy is required to be bathed by the servants doing it in the guest bathroom set for it including attending to his health involving the proper items he needs involving it. So shoo Eric. Leave me alone to bathe in peace without worrying about splashing you accidentally. I’ll let Eli know when you can come in to explore it entirely.”
He sighed and without a word left the bathroom shutting the door. Eric found Delancy still next to him as he shook off the rages and figured it wasn’t polite to peer at Raisa in the bathroom. He went to his mediation room to kneel finding Delancy had plopped himself onto a large pillow with his name on it scrawled in Human’s English writing. Eric sighed and shut his eyes willing himself to recall his mediation techniques. He found his rages kept coming and going making him shake his head repeatedly along with trying to mediate via the angry feeling hitting him. 
Eric kept the mediation up till he heard “Master Eric is required into the dining room for nourishment taking now.” 
He sigh hearing the voice of Eli speaking to speak “Location, Raisa?”
He got from Eli in response “Dining room. Missus is requesting the Master’s presence.”
Eric groaned and got up sensing his shadow still next to him which he went to the dining room despite his rages still hitting on and off. He found Raisa at the head of the table who gestured to a tray next to her off her left. 
He sighed and sat finding Raisa speaking “That nourishment includes food for Delancy. It’s your job to feed him including controlling him around here.”
Eric didn’t comment a response to spot a bowl holding Delancy’s name in English scrawl on it in blue color. He sighed and placed Delancy’s food bowl in front of the dog finding the gonoid noisily eating it as if terribly hungry. Eric found himself equally hungry himself via the smells of food making his stomach rumble in hunger. He ate his food ravenously but got Raisa’s hand onto his hand when he picked up the cup holding liquid intending to gulp.
Eric frowned as his rages hit again as he breathed hard to hear from Raisa “Take your time drinking that. The staff isn’t your taste testers involving liquids. Their just trained to scan it via device for poisons only and nothing involving water. So sip it before you gulp.”
He obeyed finding the drink was his familiar drink of milk from the taste and wasn’t watery to his relief. He gulped down the drink and once done surprised himself giving off a noise. 
“Excuse me.” He spoke seeing during bouts of clear eyesight Raisa giving him a familiar glare indicating rudeness.
He sighed and leaned back in the chair groaning loudly while again having the rages hitting him. 
Eric groaned softly and got from Raisa in response “You’re required to have Delancy do bathroom at set time frames as indicated by the Eli. Delancy requires a schedule and doesn’t like changes to it even while living in this residence.”
Groaning softly Eric got up only to get from Raisa “I left the proper reading materials in the TV room for you to use for further questions involving Delancy’s care and training around here. I already studied the material fully but figured you could study it yourself.”
He sighed and without a word went to the covered porch off the living room portion of the residence and found Delancy sniffing around once inside. Eric gave the order and didn’t have long to wait as Delancy obeyed. He yelled for James and got the butler’s familiar Tsk sounding nearby him. 
Eric spoke Delancy’s name to get interrupted “Yes I’m made aware of that by the Eli. No need to tell me. The Eli is programmed to tell me actually.”
He sighed and went to further explore the apartment to find the TV room to find the material involving Delancy’s care was voice recorded books via a recording device. Groaning softly Eric forced himself to sit onto the couch listening despite his rages coming and going for an uncounted number of times to the book’s material. 
He found Eli would interrupt the listening to speak “Delancy bathroom scheduled time.”
Eric obeyed to Eli’s interruption to attend to Delancy via orders to the dog who stuck close to him everywhere he went in the residence. He resumed going back to the TV room to resume listening to the book’s contents as his rages again came and went. 
Eric found the book of instructions ended by the Eli speaking “Missus requests Master into Master bedroom now.”
He sighed and got up finding the recording shutting itself off via beep and went to the master bedroom finding Raisa seated in the bed with wheelchair nearby sitting alone. 
He sighed and spoke “Bedtime?”
Raisa spoke as his eyesight clouded up whiteness “The bathroom is dried enough for you to explore it, according to the Eli scanning it.”
He sighed and went into the bathroom to explore it fully including using the shower stall for cleaning himself fully. Eric found the shower stall had its familiar green liquid for him to use to wash himself fully. He felt much better from the shower to walk out and found his pajamas with effort sitting on the sink counter set for his height. Eric put on his pajamas and then picked up his jumpsuit to hang it off the door hook behind the bathroom door. He found Delancy made no effort to join him into the shower stall or sniff him instead was lying onto the floor ignoring him. He sighed once he sensed Delancy next to him managed with the dog’s help to get out of the bathroom and into the bedroom. Eric again got Eli blaring about Delancy’s bathroom time. He sighed finding Raisa was still in bed appearing to be reading a book with the Shonsurran language on its cover ignoring him. Eric left the bedroom and went to the covered porch finding Delancy stuck close to him. He went to the sliding door and recalled his bare feet to stand and ordered to Delancy via orders. Eric found Delancy obeying to his orders to do his duty including joining him at his side once his familiar rages hit again. Eric groaned hearing a familiar Tsk sound he ignored and blindly went to the master bedroom. He got inside and went to lie down onto the bed ignoring jostling Raisa next to him. Eric stared at the ceiling with the rages in control blocking his eyesight of seeing anything. 
He heard from Raisa loudly “Eric, what do you do involving telling Delancy to stand down from his duties?”
He sighed sensing Delancy next to the bed panting loudly by the noises. He gave the order and heard panting going away followed by a fluff of a pillow deflating to indicate the dog was lying onto it. 
Eric remained staring at the ceiling with the rages still in control till Raisa’s voice was heard again “Eric, just shut your eyes. You’re annoying the bug on the ceiling who’s annoyed with you by the foot waving.”
He sighed and rolled over to face Raisa’s side of the bed and kept on waiting for his rages to go away. Eric heard a lamp click sound followed by the bed moving as Raisa lay down and the blankets adjusted. He sighed as Raisa was felt lying onto her side facing him. Eric frowned feeling the rages still in control while feeling Raisa’s hand onto his cheek. He sighed from her hand felt soothing him but didn’t help make his rages go away. Eric groaned as Raisa forced his eyes shut and he passed out unconscious to come to hearing a faint ringing noise. The ringing noise sounded like a bell to him along with feeling his familiar breathing device into his nostrils cutting off his rages. Eric frowned hearing the bell noises for it sounded familiar to him. He found himself lying onto rocky ground from the feel of his bare skin touching it. 
Eric realized with a start “I’m in the High Council’s presence.”
He jerked open his eyes and got up via acrobatic trained move while feeling the breathing device attached to his pants he found he was clad only in black pants. Eric frowned while eyeing the High Council arriving from their hidden cave entrance to go sit down in their seats. He folded his arms feeling annoyance take hold with the High Council having him have the breathing device instead of using his dog for his rages. Eric folded his arms with annoyance running through him as he felt his hands were bare of gloves. He kept the glare in response as the High Council’s familiar speaker a bald head Human with all blue eyes and face devoid of hair appeared from a hidden outline form.
He glared in response as the speaker a Souler clad in blue armor spoke “Says what you have to say about defying us to your defense?”
Eric recalled the breathing device cutting off his voice recalled that the High Council wasn’t fluent in his hand language. 
Instead of protesting he mouthed in response “Tell me more about this defying instead.”
Eric formed a glare only to hear a feminine voice speaking “Says tell me more about this defying instead.”
He found the voice’s owner was a female Human with long black hair, intense Human blue eyes, and wearing a blue uniform of military involving the Elves’ police force while having a computer tablet in her hand. Eric didn’t mouth a word in response as the female referred as Recorder was eyeing him with a narrowed eyed glare intending to speak his words he mouthed. 
Eric waited as the Speaker spoke “Says you defied us, by choosing to let a target live instead of assassinating him. Explain that defying now!”
  He found himself hit with images of letting a male in his mind he recognized was Anyan and mouth in response while hearing his words spoken verbalized by the Recorder using says  “I refused to target victims that have no weapons or clothes on their forms. It’s not honorable to do that as a part of the Assassin’s Laws as taught to me by your servant Mindbender himself.”
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and didn’t comment a response as the Speaker bowed his head. This was followed by the High Council in their red hooded robes going into a discussion of head waggling and black gloved hand waving in gestures that didn’t seem like any sign language he knew. Eric kept on watching with a glare in response as there was a light show flashing into the room. He blinked his eyes from the glare of the light and focused with night vision seeing a familiar male, a Human with a scar on his face, he recognized as the Assassin Lord, Mindbender, servant of the High Council. Eric gave Mindbender a glare of accusation seeing the male was clad in twin pants as his with a twin muscular form with arms folded. 
Eric kept on glaring at Mindbender to notice the male was glaring at him back as the Speaker was heard “Says Recorder recount the records to Mindbender now.”
He found Recorder obeying to speak verbatim the words followed by hearing “Says Mindbender what do you have to say about this claim by Terrania?”
Eric kept the glare in response finding Mindbender willing forwards his scary side dubbed Berserker. He glared instead of feeling nervous of Mindbender’s Berserker side involved an extended jaw with stuck out fanged teeth including hands becoming bony and clawed with armor like form on the shoulders. Eric glared as Mindbender turned around and waved his hand at the High Council finding the Speaker bowing his head in response. He kept his mouth shut and waited as Mindbender without another hand wave turned around and resumed his Human form. 
Eric kept the glare as the Speaker was heard “Says Mindbender, have Terrania remove the device and Sages transport Terrania back to his residence.”
He found the ordered status obeyed to hand Mindbender the device as his rages clouded up to find himself transported out while hearing barking sounding loudly. He heard the barking sounded faint to him and found his rages refused to go away. 
Eric opened his mouth to speak speaking “Delancy, Raisa?”
He frowned as he heard in response a loud Tsk sound sounding of James’ familiar Tsk noise. 
Eric spoke “James?”
He got in response “Excuse me I’m to lead you to the elevator since you can’t see me and appearing to not know where you are.”
He sighed hearing James’s voice to find the butler taking his arm and led him to the elevator. Eric felt James move his hand to the laser and didn’t complain as the elevator was heard dinging multiple times. He heard the doors open followed an excited bark and felt paws of a dog onto his front. 
Eric sighed and spoke “Down Delancy!”
He found Delancy obeying to order the dog to his side as James got him into the elevator followed by hearing the butler speaking “The residence via elevator only answers to you and the Missus. I’m to take the stairwell route to the residence and not the elevator. It’s not one of my duties actually.”
Eric sensed James leave the elevator to sense Delancy remain at his side. He felt his way to the familiar camera dome to feel it scanning his eyes. Eric flinched from the red light’s glare onto his eyes as his rages left him. He sighed finding Delancy next to him in the elevator that was wagging his tail in some fast move. Eric felt the elevator going up followed by reaching the familiar residence to find Raisa sitting in her wheelchair in the doorway. He walked out and groaned getting another rage episode to ignore the angry feeling to walk inside hearing Raisa back herself out of his way. Eric heard the door shut behind him to his relief. 
“So how was the meeting with the High Council?” He got from Raisa who added “I saw that they wanted a visit with you and figured I’ll let you sleep while you wait for the meeting to happen.”
Eric exhaled a breath and inhaled speaking despite his eyesight clearing up but still angry “They accused me of defying them involving letting a victim live instead of assassinating him. They had to bring the Assassin Lord into my presence to explain some rule I used onto them. I was taught by the Assassin Lord that the victims assassinated shouldn’t be bare of clothes or without any weapons to defend themselves. Hence I was leaving a victim alive as a result. The victim was naked of clothes and didn’t seem to have any weapons on his form when I found him. I was following the rules of the Assassin Lord to the letter when I left him alive instead of killing him. Not sure what the Assassin Lord said to the High Council via his Berserker side in control-”
“So what do you have to explain of this rule following, Terrania?” He was interrupted by a familiar sneering voice.
Eric looked off his right finding Raisa wasn’t alone but accompanied by the Assassin Lord standing with arms folded a sneer on his face with eyes golden indicating his Master ability in control.  Eric found Delancy giving off a faint growling noise and appeared to display behaviors of not liking the Assassin Lord by the eyes focused onto the male with stiff position. 
Eric glared in response while feeling the rages taking control “You expect me to break one of your rules involving victims-“
He was interrupted “You’re supposed to do what it takes to kill a victim regarding the rules, Terrania.”
Eric spoke in response “Last time I broke one of your rules I was punished harshly and told in very firm terms by you that the rules weren’t supposed to be broken-“
“Terrania’s got you there, Assassin Lord.” He was interrupted by Raisa as he kept on glaring at Mindbender. 
He heard further from Raisa as Mindbender’s hands were seen fisted during a bout of seeing “You, Assassin Lord, made it clear that Terrania was supposed to follow those rules when being an assassin involving picking victims to kill. You warned him very strongly that assassination would be an addicting answer to every problem involving being annoyed and aggravated by people. Didn’t you went through that yourself Assassin Lord, or should I say Tom?”
Eric saw Mindbender’s Berserker side in control followed by Raisa’s form flying out of her wheelchair towards the male’s outstretched hand. He darted towards them in a fast speed move involving him using blurring running to grab Raisa out of the air before Mindbender could pluck her. 
He grabbed Raisa and held her while snarling angrily towards Mindbender “You would pick on a female like her in some violent move? It’s tacky of you!”
Eric found himself flying towards Mindbender’s outstretched hand in response as he willed forwards the Master and mentally gave up the shield command. He found the flying quit as he in a fast speed move placed Raisa back into her wheelchair. He darted in front of her to stand as Mindbender again made him fly towards the Assassin Lord. Eric adjusted his form combatively to kick Mindbender onto the front while feeling his eyesight clouded up in response. He found Mindbender appear into a blue movement figure to keep his attack followed by slamming his feet onto the Assassin Lord’s front. Eric bounced off flipping to land onto his feet as he eyed Mindbender’s blue colored fuzzy form that kept on having him flying towards him whom he kept on acrobatic moving to hit the male via feet. Eric found Mindbender seemed relentless with the attack onto him as he sensed another sense hitting him to realize it involved being filmed the moment he arrived to the residence. Eric felt annoyance take hold finding Raisa and the dog appear as blue movements during his looking for them while fighting Mindbender. He realized with a start that the blue colored figures was related to his Master ability in control and kept it in control attacking Mindbender. He smelled salt air in response to find the filming sensation quit along with a loud clapping noise sounding loudly. 
Eric found Mindbender quit the attack onto him to clap his hands while speaking after willing aside his Berserker side “Bravo! Terrania, bravo!”
Eric gave Mindbender a glare in response despite his Master ability in control he finding his eyesight clearing up while folding his arms. 
He kept the glare in response as Mindbender quit the clap to snarl “Sages transport me one victim for Terrania to depose.”
Eric kept the glare in response as Mindbender held up his hand as there was a light show followed by the Assassin Lord grabbing an appearing figure by the neck. He recognized the figure as Anyan from the looks of him that was bare of clothes and naked and gagging loudly while being choked by Mindbender. Eric felt disgust take hold as Mindbender forced Anyan to kneel followed by still gagging the male’s neck. He eyed Anyan who mouthed words in response he forced himself to lip read and remember what was said. 
Eric kept the glare as the Speaker’s voice was heard “Well Terrania? Are you going to assassinate this victim or not?”
He saw Mindbender giving him a glare with eyes narrowed into slits, the Assassin Lord’s facial expression was speak for “Your doing that order period.”
Eric thought of saying anything instead went to Anyan and found the male was still mouthing his words in some pattern over and over. He forced himself to focus in response while looking away towards the High Council as if lost in thought. 
“I’m just a pawn in a chess game. Kill me if you wish.” He found himself understanding what Anyan was saying.
Eric without hesitating ran his clawed hands onto Anyan’s cheeks seeing the male shut his eyes in surrender followed by snapping the male’s neck in a killing move. He back away with a glare in response aimed at Mindbender who with Anyan disappeared in a light show. 
Eric glared at the High Council as the Speaker spoke “Says you will say what the victim said to you for our records. Don’t deny it the victim said something to you by your hesitating behavior to kill him.”
Eric spoke in response repeating Anyan’s words and got the Speaker in response bowing his head followed by a loud Humph sound. He heard the Humph sounded of Recorder’s voice to give her a glare in response. He heard snickering like laughter sounding of the Meritanians in his mind he recognized sounded of Walls and Kiddy doing a joke as indicated by the Recorder’s Humph noise. Eric glared in response at the High Council and waited for further orders.
He didn’t have long to wait as Speaker spoke “Says Recorder what joke did they play this time?”
Eric eyed the Recorder who in response pressed buttons onto her computer tablet and then spoke loudly “Transport Terrania out to his residence now!”
He found himself transported to his bedroom with an excited Delancy pouncing onto his front barking loudly. Raisa he saw was on the bed with eyes shut that peered at him with one eye open followed by her other eye. 
Eric spoke firmly “Delancy sit!”
He found Delancy obeying to sit down onto his haunches while cocking his head in some question sign. 
He sighed and got from Raisa in response “Get out of that garbage you’re wearing and put on something decent now.” 
Eric frowned hearing Raisa’s term for his pants as garbage obeyed to get into the bathroom finding his familiar pajamas scrawled onto the floor as if carelessly tossed. He sighed finding Delancy had gotten inside with him which he exchanged his clothes then folded up the black pants onto his sink counter. He heard Delancy’s toenails clicking onto the floor as the dog accompanied him out of the bathroom to the bed. 
He fell face first into bed and recalled Delancy to roll over speaking “Delancy Stand down!”  
Eric heard nothing in response from Delancy but toenails clicking onto the wooden floor going away followed by a fluff of a pillow deflating and a soft whining noise. He sighed and found the familiar Tennan on the ceiling waving a clawed hand in don’t look gesture. He rolled around onto his stomach and cradled his pillow into his gloved hands groaning loudly. Eric sighed as he felt Raisa whack the back of his head with her pillow. He adjusted his position to look at her finding she was still sitting up.
Eric spoke “So my Master abilities in control with my rage episodes helps me see victims or movements as blue figures with details not clear to me. Besides they had me transported to the High Council’s presence and to assassinate a victim I didn’t do the first time. 
It’s odd that the victim said ‘I’m just a pawn in a chess game. Kill me if you wish.’
I wound up doing that assassinating with clawed hands scratching him onto the cheeks including snapping his neck. He’s supposedly dead as far as I know of. The Assassin Lord got him transported out where he was deposing the body. Not sure where.”
Eric groaned and resumed face first onto the pillow only to hear “The victim has a point of being a chess piece in a game. Instead it’s a game between the High Council and Lance Richard himself.”
Eric rolled over to glare at Raisa as he spoke “I don’t want to know why Lance Richard favors me to have these abilities involving Master in control despite his hatred towards the High Council.”
He rolled over to resume face onto the pillow only to hear “I hate water and avoid it like passion.”
He frowned as a male voice sounding in his mind spoke “Liar.”
Eric frowned as Raisa repeated her comment followed by the voice speaking in his mind repeated the liar comment. Eric rolled over as it dawn to him what Raisa was trying to tell him. 
He spoke “I can detect lies?”
Raisa spoke in response “Those favored by Lance Richard given the Master abilities can detect lies. There’s some who have those abilities but don’t detect lies. You seemed to be favored by Lance Richard hence you given that ability. The High Council cannot tell you, lies again without you knowing of it.”
Eric groaned out in response “This game is getting weirder and weirder.”
Raisa, he eyed in response shut off the lamp as he eyed her while feeling his rages clouding up his eyesight. He didn’t protest as Raisa was felt lying in bed with him she facing his side. He frowned as Raisa’s hand was felt touching his cheek rubbing in a care gesture. Eric sighed feeling currents of pleasure from Raisa’s hand touching his cheek. He shut his eyes and pushed his cheek into Raisa’s hand. 
He sighed as she was heard speaking “This is a chess game with pawns being played at the moment. Pawns are being sacrificed. It won’t be long till more chess pieces join the battle for Terrania.”
Eric felt sleepiness hitting him in response before he could open his eyes questioning Raisa’s comment and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Eric came to hearing the sound of an alarm clock blaring loudly in his ear including barking noises of Delancy. He groaned while rolling over in bed ignoring the noises of Delancy and the alarm clock quit. Eric rubbed a hand over his eyes shaking sleep from him including struggling to will himself to get up. He found Raisa’s hand onto his gloved hand removing his hand and forcing his eyes shut to his confusion.
“Just sleep some more and ignore the alarm.” He heard from Raisa in response who added “I’ll handle Delancy and his needs while you sleep.”
Eric obeyed to resume a sleeping status passing out unconscious to come to hearing a loud bell noise. He groaned recognizing the noises of the High Council’s bell in their presence while lying onto rocky ground. Eric jerked open his eyes and forced himself to get up via acrobatic move to stand while finding himself clad in his familiar black pants and nothing else on his form. He folded his arms to glare at the High Council seated in their seats with night vision running through his eyesight. Eric kept the glare as there was another light flash showing the female Human, Recorder appearing in sight that sat down while holding her computer tablet in her hand that appeared to glow a bit to him via night vision. Eric ignored the Recorder while hearing snickering like laughter of the Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy including the Recorder herself, giving off her familiar Humph noise. He kept the glare at the High Council in response as their speaker appeared via hidden status via outline walking into sight. He kept the glare in response and waited for further orders as there was a light flash off his left followed by barking noises. Eric found Delancy appearing into view that pounced onto him with paws onto his front and appeared to be happy to see him. 
He growled out firmly “Delancy sit!”
Delancy, he saw obeyed and remained sitting onto his haunches off his left a faint growling noise heard from the dog. He figured from the noises that Delancy wasn’t fond of the High Council. He ignored Delancy to stand with arms folded ignoring the rages taking control by the dog giving off his familiar noises. Eric willed forwards the Master and found whiteness showing blue fuzzy figures of the Recorder, High Council and Speaker. 
He kept the glare in response and waited as the Speaker was heard speaking “Says what do you have to say about being paired to this gonoid, an Amula as your partner?”
He sensed the Speaker’s words were the truth by nothing to indicate lies to him.
Eric spoke firmly “I’m more confident in able to travel around with my rages hitting me from Delancy, as he’s called’s presence with me.”
He clamped his mouth shut and waited as the Speaker spoke again as his rages cleared up “Say anything else to say regarding this Delancy as an Amula?”
Eric recalled that the Amula were Humans who could shift into wolf gonoids and back as he eyed Delancy.
He looked away and spoke “Delancy’s an Amula? He doesn’t look like one anyway. Besides where’s this Human form of his if he’s an Amula?”
The Speaker spoke in response “Says the Amula are currently hiding in Canada via Merra Kid plant’s safety. Recorder according to her managed to gain samples from the Amula, aka gonoid forms when allowed to visit them for recording stories involving Terrania. The samples were later tested and implanted into a female dog gonoid dubbed Fatherland’s Dog that had strong instincts of serving manoids. Your gonoid assistant is one of those dogs that were birthed and selected by personality wise related to your scent on clothes to serve you.”
Eric exhaled a breath but didn’t comment a response as the Speaker added “Says what else you know of your gonoid Delancy as you call him?”
He spoke “I’m told that he’s also trained to help me with seeing things when I have the blindness hitting me via rage episodes. Nikolas Visser told me of this when he gave me the dog-“
Eric was interrupted “Says where Nikolas Visser is now since its obvious he’s hiding from us again?”
He gave a glare in response and refused to speak which he shook his head and spoke firmly “Nikolas Visser did me a favor. I owe him a favor in not to say where he’s hiding at the moment.”
He clamped his mouth into a thin line only to hear a faint noise of Delancy followed by the rages taking control along with a loud oof sound of his dog. He found his dog not next to him as he looked around to find Delancy was held in the air by Mindbender’s hand via the shape of him in blue. 
Eric gave Mindbender a glare as he heard in his mind “You will talk where Nikolas Visser is now!”
He heard the growling voice of Mindbender sounding in his mind as Delancy gave up noises of pain to him. 
Eric spoke firmly while shifting to eye the High Council “Last I saw of Nikolas Visser was him as Hades in Kurpanov’s Sanctuary-“
He was interrupted by another oof sound of Delancy followed by the dog sensed joining his left side as he heard growling noises from Mindbender. Eric ignored Mindbender sensed growling behind him. He eyed the High Council as his rages quit clouding up his eyesight. He kept the glare in response and waited as the High Council went into a discussion. 
Eric heard via his mind “Shall I transport Terrania back to his residence now? His female is throwing a hissy fit of yelling at me to do that along with that mongrel.”
He ignored Walls’ blaring voice to find himself transported into the living room of his residence to hear furious wheeling of a squeaking wheelchair squeaking fast towards him. He sensed Delancy off his left that gave up a faint groan noise and eyed the dog that plopped himself onto the floor and had tail thumping faintly. 
He sighed and spoke “Raisa, I’m back!”
Eric didn’t have long to wait as Raisa came into the room via furious wheeling and appeared to make a ramming move onto him with her wheelchair. He quickly darted out of the way only to find Raisa following him while wheeling her wheelchair angrily. 
Eric spoke “What’s your problem, Raisa?”
He felt his rages taking control made him repeat his question in an angry voice tone only to get Raisa halting her wheeling. 
Eric glared at her fuzzy blue figure to hear from Raisa “You didn’t have to tell them about Nikolas Visser on threats of killing your gonoid!”
Eric snarled angrily “They claimed that Delancy was partially Amula and selected via breeding and training to serve me-“
Raisa interrupted “You can detect lies from me but from them you can’t!”
Eric frowned hearing Raisa’s comment to find himself compelled to go to Raisa to kneel in front of her wheelchair. He obeyed and didn’t comment a response as Raisa grabbed his hair followed by groaning softly from her yanking his head up baring his neck. 
He felt her knife at his throat followed by hearing “I should cut you for that jokey status of believing the High Council’s lies involving Delancy to let him live to tell them what they want to know.”
Eric didn’t comment a response as his lying sense went off again followed by Raisa putting away the knife and forcing his head onto her lap. He sighed putting arms around her in a hug move minding his bare clawed hands. Eric kept his mouth shut as Raisa was felt rubbing his head and running fingers through his always short hair. He sighed and hugged Raisa in a tight squeeze method.
This was followed by hearing “How touching, Raisa. Your loyalty to Nikolas is touching.” sounding in a sneering familiar voice.
Eric recognized the voice as Mindbender’s as he heard growling noises from Delancy. He got up from Raisa in a fast speed move to find Mindbender standing behind him a good distance away with a sneer on his face. Eric glared in response despite his rages hitting on and off which he kept the Master in control. 
He heard nothing from Raisa as Mindbender kept the sneering voice tone “So what do you have to say about Nikolas Visser being Hades in Kurpanov’s Sanctuary as said by your husband Eric, himself?”
Eric ignored Raisa to fist his hands glaring at Mindbender as she was heard squeaking her wheelchair off his right. He found her moved to his right side as Delancy was off his left with form stiff and tensed including growling heard from the dog. Eric kept his mouth shut and waited for Raisa to speak. 
He didn’t have long to wait as Raisa spoke “Touching that you would mention Nikolas to me, Tom.”
Eric got himself in front of Raisa when Mindbender formed his Berserker look he saw it in control despite rages hitting on and off in response to her sneering voice tone. 
He glared at Mindbender who willed aside his Berserker and snarled “No one calls me Tom except for my female. I’m called Mindbender, Raisa and don’t forget it.”
Eric removed himself from being in front of Raisa as she gave up hysterical laughter to his confusion. 
He kept the glare at Mindbender as Raisa spoke “Excuse me, Chess pieces deployed by Lance Richard as seen. Involves a certain someone being a clone and in denial about it instead of acknowledging it.”
Eric frowned hearing Raisa’s comments to see Mindbender in response disappear into a light show while hearing snickering like laughter from Raisa as he shifted to eye her with a glare. 
Eric glared at Raisa who quit the laughter to speak “Tom or Mindbender as he calls himself is a clone or copy of the original Tom who’s deposed somewhere off planet in case you want to know, High Council eavesdropping onto this talk. Check planet Aire, for the original. The Soulers with the help of sources work together shockingly, succeeded in capturing the original Tom including capturing his female and cloned them both before returning them to Terra. Hence Tom’s upset denial about being a clone and the same involving his female at the moment. It’s a touchy subject with Tom who doesn’t want to be reminded of this.”
He gave Raisa a glare as he heard a faint beep noise followed by the filming sensation quit to his relief. Eric found Raisa in response wheeling her wheelchair up to him and groaned from her fist hitting him in the sensitive part in a fast move. 
Eric put his hands over his sensitive part while glaring at Raisa who spoke “Don’t assume your lying sense is actively telling you whoever is lying to you. It’ll activate when you need it at the most. Hence I trying to point out that you have that sense but it’s on and off within you.”
Eric gave up a loud Humph in response while hearing faint growling noises from Delancy. 
He spoke firmly “Delancy sit!”
Eric found Delancy obeying but still giving off his growling noises. 
He got from Raisa as he rubbed his sensitive part from her fisting it “Delancy has been brainwashed to be loyal to you no matter what including whoever is harming you. Hence he doesn’t like me fisting you by the noises and behavior he’s doing.”
Eric didn’t comment a response instead gave Raisa another glare followed by her wheeling her wheelchair away and he followed. He followed her with Delancy off his left to their master bedroom to find Raisa grabbing a book from the bed stand and giving him a glare when she noticed him watching her. 
Eric spoke “Excuse me while I go change out of this getup.”
He went intending to go into the bathroom passed Raisa only to get her blocking his way with her wheelchair while hearing Delancy growling further. 
Eric glared as Raisa spoke “Your things have been moved to the guest bedroom where you’re to stay for the remainder of me furious with you! Get out of my sight now!”
Eric obeyed to walk out with Delancy accompanying him. He found the guest bedroom one of three in the apartment that had his items in it including like the other guest bedrooms, had their own bathrooms. Eric gave up a loud Humph and without a word went into the guest bathroom to glare at himself in the mirror. He ignored the shower stall appearing to be set for water and walked out after exchanging his clothes to his pajamas. Eric went to the bed and fell face first onto it. He sensed Delancy sitting next to his bed with noises heard. Eric spoke his order finding Delancy in response going to a pillow on the floor and lying onto it with tail thumping. 
He ignored Delancy further and spoke loudly “Sheesh! This game involving Raisa and the High Council toying with Mindbender is getting ridiculous! Just quit the games and do something involving it now!”
He heard nothing in response to his words instead adjusted the blanket to cover himself and shut his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep. He shut his eyes and passed out unconscious to come to hearing an alarm clock ringing loudly. Eric groaned from the noises and forced himself to wake up finding Raisa in his room next to the bed holding his battery operated alarm clock. Delancy was off her right in a tense form growling angrily. 
Eric gave Raisa a glare of annoyance in response who spoke “I saw that your wanted outside somewhere in a park playing games with your mongrel meeting someone appearing to be Tom or whatever name he calls himself clad in some business suit. So get up now and get out of the apartment and go explore the city while you’re at it.”
He sighed and found Raisa refused to budge from leaving his room as she added “Just get dressed now. Ignore anything else.”
He obeyed to put on his familiar blue jumpsuit with the attached gloves and put on his black gloves over them followed by putting on the hood. Eric ignored Raisa watching him as he put on his sneakers then with Delancy accompanying him went to the elevator to put on the leash and harness onto the dog. He took the elevator out of the residence to the city outside finding it was less busy from its former Rhineland’s status instead appeared to be focused as a seaport to him as he smelled salt air. Eric frowned while holding onto Delancy’s harness to walk into the city pretending to be blind while guided by the dog as he eyed it with his eyes. He found the city appeared different from its normal Rhineland’s status instead resembled Atlanta a Terranian city by the looks of it with a Guardian tower. He frowned feeling Delancy pulling him into the city taking a path as if the dog was guided by something. Eric looked around allowing Delancy to pull him finding the dog led the way to a greenery park next to the docks with a statue of a young female Human, in a dress, seated at a desk with a pen in her hand and book on the desk. He ignored Delancy sensed sniffing around the statue till the dog gave up a faint growling noise he recognized indicating Mindbender’s presence. Eric found Mindbender clad in a suit and a tie walking towards him from the boating dock’s area. 
He ignored Delancy’s growling to speak loudly “Sit!” as his rages took control.
Eric used the Master in control to see Mindbender’s blue form walking up to him that held up a hand in some handshake method. He recalled the handshake was required for people meeting each other in the city obeyed to shake hands. Eric ignored Mindbender’s hand felt crunching his hand as he crunched in response. He felt the rages went away as he continued to hold Delancy’s harness while glaring at Mindbender.
Delancy was sensed tensed via his harness’s hold as he spoke “So city meetings now?”
Eric ignored the sarcasm voice tone he used to get Mindbender in response speaking “You haven’t been outside since you were out of the hospital, Eric.”
He exhaled a breath hearing his name used as Mindbender added “One rule is always know your surroundings even when outside.”
Eric gave up a Humph sound in response as Mindbender continued “So tell me directions to your building in the city now.”
He spoke the directions firmly while giving Mindbender a glare of annoyance finding the male speaking in response “What do you notice different from Rhineland as before hmm?”
Eric spoke “City is twin to a Terranian city named Atlanta that’s based in Canada aka Terranian nation of Americania an island continent nation while other nations around Terrania were islands and smaller actually.”
Eric clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as Mindbender spoke “Alright Terra appeared to be undergoing some metamorphous change since the destruction of eaters firing onto the planet freeing Tennans’ warships from being used as batteries. The natives’ native to Terra is clueless to this change actually. Hence my useless questions. It appears you’re not affected by this change like I’m not.”
Eric frowned but didn’t comment a response as Mindbender added “By the way tell Raisa, that it’s not me that’s sore about being a clone. It’s the High Council with their attitude that’s sore about me being a clone actually. They tortured me harshly when my clone status was found out by them witnessing a marking on my back to indicate it. Clones are marked by this belly button mark onto their lower back on the spinal column area. Something they saw from me and are furious about it. Hence they were having trouble trusting me at the moment. I did ask via plant means to contact Raisa to send you out among the population for this talk. I needed someone to talk to that isn’t going to record my words for some story like what my cloned female is doing with her recording.”
Eric sighed and didn’t comment a response as he noticed Mindbender looked upset to him as he gently reached out a hand and placed it onto the male’s shoulder. He found Mindbender ignored the touch and appeared to have tears spilling from his eyes. He sighed and waited as Mindbender wiped his eyes followed by removing his hand and walking away. Eric found a compulsion to not to follow Mindbender as he found Delancy straining against the harness opposite direction from the male. He sighed and allowed Delancy to have his head finding the dog was making a beeline to a tree. He frowned as Delancy reached the tree and did his business onto the roots without orders. Eric frowned as his rages again took control to his annoyance. 
He found Delancy quit his business recalled the way to his building spoke “Delancy Home.”
Eric found Delancy seemed to know where the building was like he had a Human mind to remember including leading him straight to it to enter the lobby. He used the elevator to gain entrance inside and removed his hood to use the security recorder dome to get the thing moving. Eric sensed Delancy tensed up as the elevator went up towards the residence. He kept the Master in control as his rages left him to find the elevator reached the floor followed by finding the door to the apartment’s glass smashed as if a fist went through it with a hole. 
He stiffened of shock realizing with a start “Mindbender attacked Raisa!”
Eric darted into the apartment speaking in a whisper to Delancy “Search Raisa.”
He found the dog obeyed to lead the way to a guest bedroom finding the door ajar along with hearing faint whimpering noises of Raisa in pain to him. Eric stiffened as Delancy tensed up giving off a faint growling noise. 
He went to the door and kicked it open speaking as he released the harness “Delancy attack!”
Eric found Raisa lying on the bed alone in the room as the dog darted into the bathroom pushing open the door and barking in some snarling noises loudly. He darted into the bathroom to find Delancy had grabbed the sleeve of a manoid covered in black clothes like a Zeskaya and was appearing to be biting the manoid’s arm. 
He heard “Call off your dog now!”
Eric recognized the voice as Kossman in a Zeskaya’s form that kneeled in response despite Delancy still chewing his arm. He went to Delancy and with a great deal of effort removed the dog but kept holds onto him while growling at Kossman. 
He glared at Kossman with annoyance running through him as he spoke “You don’t need to smash your way into this residence, Kossman.”
Kossman in response snarled some growling noise and without a word thrust a hand forwards intending to touch him on the chest. Eric freed Delancy finding the dog biting Kossman’s hands as the Zeskaya again cowered onto the floor.
He glared at Kossman as he felt a hand onto his shoulder to find Mindbender in the bathroom with him speaking “I’ll handle this interrogation now. Keep Delancy under control.”
Eric obeyed finding Mindbender interrogating Kossman about his cloning and told from the Zeskaya “Anya is the mind contained in a water ship underwater where we got our name of Zeskaya. It’s where I was cloned. She sees Eric as her offspring and will do anything to keep him alive including hurting people hurting him. Hence she sent me to target Raisa for hurting her Eric inappropriately.”
Eric hissed loudly hearing that as Mindbender was heard “Anything else Kossman?”
Kossman he heard in response “Nothing except its Anya from the water ship’s mind that controls me mentally via some mind linking method. She’s powerful enough to do that control anywhere on Terra or Terrania as this world is now. Hence it was her who’s controlling me to attack Raisa. She left the control when Eric made his appearance for not willing to hurt him. She still favors Eric enough to keep him alive and unharmed.”
Eric kept his mouth shut as his rages took control followed by restraining Delancy to remove himself off Kossman. 
He didn’t protest as Mindbender spoke “Eric, leave and attend to Raisa now. Let me handle Kossman alone. I want to talk to Kossman without you here.”
He obeyed hearing the door slam shut followed by Delancy giving off a growling noise. He ignored Delancy and with force got the dog away from the bathroom’s door to the bed where Raisa was lying groaning loudly. 
He went to Raisa and picked her up finding she putting a hand onto his face and speaking “Eric, Anya is your Mother, what remains of her body form, mostly brain organ improved mentally, in that Zeskaya water ship contained underwater.”
He sighed hearing Raisa’s words to find the door to the bathroom open to hear a loud Humph sounding of Mindbender’s voice. 
He sensed Delancy growling angrily spoke “Delancy heel!”
Eric found Delancy off his left via form pressing into him and spoke “Mindbender just leave, while I attend to Raisa and her injuries by Kossman.”
He heard in response “Just put her down onto the bed now Eric.”
Eric sighed hearing the sound of Kurpanov’s voice to smell hospital smells he figured he was transported unknowingly to Kurpanov’s Sanctuary obeyed finding a pair of hands guiding him. He found Delancy off his side still wearing his harness that gave him the leash into his hand via order. Eric waited as Kurpanov’s scanners were heard beeping loudly followed by hearing a faint click noise and Delancy tensed up again. 
He ordered loudly “Delancy Sit!”
Delancy he sensed obeyed but remained tensed via the leash. 
He found a hand onto his shoulder he recognized was Kossman’s from the feel including hearing a faint “I’m sorry for this. She values you too much.”
He sighed and didn’t comment a response to Kossman’s comments instead felt the Zeskaya released his hold onto his shoulder with a gentle pat followed by walking away with groans heard. 
He ignored Kossman to listen to Raisa being scanned via medical devices till she was heard speaking “Eric?”
Eric found the Master not in control despite seeing nothing but whiteness. 
He sighed and spoke “I’m here, Raisa. I’m not going anywhere.”  
Eric heard a faint bark from Delancy and spoke “So is my shadow.”
He heard a faint chuckle sound from Raisa including groaning noises followed by hearing her add “Eric, come here.”
Eric obeyed to use Delancy to lead him to the bed which he blindly felt for Raisa’s hand feeling it squeezed when he gripped it in response. He sighed softly as Raisa remained holding onto his hand and squeezed it multiple times as if reacting to being healed. Eric ignored her squeezing that felt like crunching his hand multiple times till his rages cleared up. Eric found Raisa eyeing him with a pained look in her eyes that were watery while holding his hand. 
He sighed and spoke “I’m sorry your hurt-“
“Unnecessary.” He was interrupted by Raisa speaking sounding of a pained voice tone. 
He sighed as Raisa added “I should have realized why the High Council favors you as a servant letting you get away with various rule breaking things. It’s Anya herself who’s keeping you alive and playing a game with the High Council hence they roped you into service. Their playing a game with Anya with you as a chess piece.”
He sighed again and found his rages clouding up as he didn’t comment a response to Raisa’s comments. 
Instead remained holding onto Raisa’s hand feeling her squeezing it in various crunching methods as he heard from Kossman loudly “Haw! That stings!”
Eric frowned as he continued to hear from Kossman “Haw! Whose idea was for me to have this stinking shot for rabies as it’s called?! The dog wasn’t rabid when it bit my arm!”
Eric sighed and heard more whining complaints from Kossman regarding being given shots he ignored to focus onto Raisa felt crunching his hand into a tight move. 
He sighed and spoke “Raisa.”
Raisa he heard spoke “Just trying to resist exchanging my form from Human into Orca hence my hand’s death grip. My abilities to keep Orca away gets mixed up whenever I’m hurt suffering from bodily harm.”
He sighed and allowed Raisa to keep on crunching his hand as the medics were heard attending to her and Kossman, who was still whining of being given needle shots. He ignored Kossman’s whining voice to listen for Raisa’s groaning along with Delancy sensed tensed while holding the leash. 
He found the medics helping Raisa seemed lengthy as Kossman was heard speaking “Good riddance to doctors!”
Eric ignored Kossman as he found his rages went away to spot the Zeskaya walking pass them with Mindbender having a hand onto his arm from behind into some tight restraint move. He found them both disappearing into the hallway to focused onto Raisa who’s eyes flashed from Human black looking to an intense blue color of a gonoid looking twin to Delancy’s golden eyes. 
He spoke as Raisa grimaced, appearing to not see him while still crunching his hand “Raisa, its Eric. I’m here next to you. Concentrate onto my voice to focus onto it.”
Eric repeated his words over and over finding Raisa appeared to be focusing onto him by the eyes shutting including a determined look forming onto her face. He kept on repeating his words over and over till a hand tapped him onto the shoulder breaking his wordings. Eric found Kurpanov Kossman by the looks of him with a twin face but longer hair and wearing a medical uniform with gloved hands tapping him onto the shoulder. 
He spoke “Yes?”
Eric didn’t comment a response as Kurpanov Kossman removed his hand off Raisa and spoke loudly “Merra, transport your daughter to a safe spot in the ocean for her to be examined in Orca form now.”
He found Raisa disappearing into a light show as he found his rages hitting him again to his disgust. 
Eric heard from Kurpanov Kossman speaking “Eric, you’re done here medically. So take the travel gate route out now.”
He obeyed to feel Kurpanov Kossman leading the way via hand onto his arm to the travel gate including getting an image of the High Council’s throne room in his mind. He felt Kurpanov Kossman’s hand off his arm as he was thrust into a forward move with Delancy guiding him into the travel gate. 
Eric went through and heard loudly in his mind “This is not appropriate for transportation to be done into here, Meritanians!”
He frowned hearing the Recorder’s voice to find her adding “Meritanians transport Eric back to his residence now!”
He heard a familiar Tsk sound in response to speak “James?”
James he heard spoke “The Missus left a message to the Master as said to me that she’s taken an outing outside and hasn’t said when she’ll be back.”
Eric found his rages clearing up to find himself facing James giving him a familiar expression of “What do you want me to do?”
He spoke in response sensing himself terribly hungry by his stomach growling loudly “Some nourishment for me and Delancy in the dining room now.”
He found James giving him a head bob in response and faded from view he figured involved a super speed move to run. Eric went to put Delancy’s harness off the dog onto the hook and did the same onto the leash. He went to the dining room to sit down at his spot ignoring Raisa’s bare spot to groan while rubbing hands onto his forehead. He groaned loudly and felt Delancy’s head onto his thigh with a faint whiny noise. Eric sighed and gently rubbed Delancy’s head that gave up a bark sound as he heard the doors to the kitchen manipulated. He didn’t comment a response as the butler arrived carrying a tray holding dishware full of food for him and Delancy. This was followed by the butler putting the tray onto the table and fading from view. Eric sighed and with training towards Delancy placed the food bowl for the dog in front of him after giving the sit command. 
He found another bowl for water and placed it in front of the dog and spoke “Eat!”
Eric found Delancy noisily eating his food in response to his command. He ate his food in response eating it ravenously then went to sip the drink seeing it was brown colored indicated chocolate milk. He tasted the drink finding it indicated chocolate milk but seemed watery to him and made him gulp it down. Eric once done drinking placed the cup down onto the tray and got up only to faint as he felt sleepiness hitting him indicating water poisoning hitting him abruptly. He fell onto the wooden floor with a groan and heard Delancy barking as he passed out unconscious.

Eric came to feeling a hand patting him onto the cheek while lying in a bed clad in nothing but naked status. He jerked his head away from the hand’s patting and felt it belonged to Raisa’s from the feel to open his eyes with them formed into slits of accusation.
Raisa, he glared at was lying next to him on the bed appearing to be healed of her injuries and she spoke “Oops I forgot one detail of the servants told by the High Council via word of Eli to put water into your chocolate milk.”
He found his lying sense going off to roll over without a word thrusting her pillow over his head and shut his eyes. He found Raisa with force yanking her pillow from his arm and whacking him with it. 
Eric spoke in response “Just let me sleep.”
He thrust his own pillow over his head only to hear faint whiny noises of Delancy along with Raisa yanking the pillow from him. 
Eric glared at Raisa as she snatched the pillow from him she spoke “Oops forgot one detail is that Anya’s willing to punish you with water poisoning even if it means nearly hurting you.”
He found Raisa’s words were the truth and found his lying sense refused to go off as Raisa added “Get up and get into the bathroom and attend to your hygiene from the stink of you. I already had the servants attended to Delancy’s bathroom business in the porch. That dog of yours was smart enough to do that business in the porch by himself without your doing any orders to him.”
Eric groaned hearing whiny noises from Delancy that sounded of pleading to him as Raisa again whacked him with a pillow. He groaned and forced himself to get up from the bed going into the bathroom ignoring Delancy following him inside. 

Eric came out of the bathroom feeling himself much better from the use of the facilities including the shower and clad in his jumpsuit finding his pajamas gone from the sink’s counter. He wound up finding Raisa and wheelchair was gone from the bedroom as Delancy was sensed sticking off his left side. Eric ignored Delancy and without a word went to find Raisa via asking Eli.
He found the computer mind speaking “Dining room.”
Eric went to the dining room with his rages hitting on and off with Delancy next to him. He found Raisa inside the dining room eating food from a bowl with smells that stank of salt ocean water to him to his disgust. He ignored Raisa ignoring him while she was reading from an e-reader device in her free hand. Eric went to sit down next to Raisa and rubbed hands gloved over his eyes and forehead. He heard from Raisa a loud throat clearing noise.
Eric removed his hands to eye her who spoke “So when are you going outside to explore the city some more?”
He sighed and made a motion to get up only to hear “After you’ve eaten a meal for yourself and Delancy. Delancy refused to eat while you were laid in bed suffering from water poisoning.”
He sighed again and spoke loudly “James!”
Eric didn’t have long to wait as James arrived carrying a tray that set in front of him along with Delancy’s bowls. He found the butler disappearing through the doors in a slow move. Eric sighed again and with training to Delancy making the dog sit for his meal placed the bowls for the gonoid down in front of him and gave the order to eat. He forced himself to eat his own food finding he was terribly hungry and found the cup holding milk that looked foamy and thick instead of its watery look. Eric forced himself to sip the cup’s milk drink finding it was milkshake and nothing involving water to his relief. He gulped down the cup’s contents and spoke his familiar excuse me comment to his rude noises. Eric found Raisa again repeating her words for him to get outside. He sighed and got up to stand next to Raisa’s wheelchair and took one of her hands putting it onto his cheek and leaned for a kiss onto the lips. 
Eric found Raisa’s hand blocking the way she speaking “Food is watery. It’s on my lips. I have to brush my teeth with special paste to avoid giving you water poisoning. I’ll accept a kiss on the cheek but not near the lips.”
He sighed and obeyed finding Raisa not protesting to it as Delancy was sensed ignoring that. He without a word left Raisa eating her food and with Delancy went to the living room to put the harness and leash onto the dog. He sighed and adjusted his hood to cover his head and entered the elevator once it was operational for him to enter. He sighed again and went outside into the sunlight shining overhead despite hearing rumbles of thunder booming overhead. He sensed Delancy not scared instead was sniffing his way to some place he allowed the dog to have his way leading the way. Eric with his rages on and off found Delancy leading the way to the familiar statue where Mindbender was standing clad in suit with a trench coat over it with a hat attached. He held up his hand towards Mindbender in some greeting to find the male gripping it in response in some gentle handshake method. Eric sighed feeling himself relieved to not have his hand crunched. He frowned while eyeing Mindbender who put on a hat twin to the trench coat’s material as rains fell overhead he ignored it pouring down his jumpsuit. 
Eric spoke loudly “So what’s the game played this time?”
He gave Mindbender a narrowed eyed glare despite seeing the male via eye plates of his hood covering his head entirely using the code words to talk.
Mindbender spoke in response “The game’s has a pawn interfering but this time isn’t a pawn but a king actually and not a pawn as thought.”
Eric exhaled a breath hearing that from Mindbender to continue to hear “The pawn was assumed cloned from a King when he was roped into servitude by them playing their chess game. He’s a King actually and not a pawn.”
Eric exhaled a breath hearing that from Mindbender who added while appearing to be focused onto him “The King has powerful allies serving him that are willing to be sacrificed such as one pawn named Anyan.”
Eric gulped hearing Anyan’s name as Mindbender adjusted the collar of his trench coat as the rain fell pouring more harder and heard from the male “Anyan was bait for a checkmate game by a Queen which the opponent fell for it. Checkmate to them. Nothing I can do to help them even you, except hope the Queen don’t suffer hell from another game piece played onto her.”
He spoke in response seeing Mindbender’s eyes turn golden was speak for talk “Would this Queen be caring enough to protect a pawn regardless of what this pawn does? Just as long as the pawn lives unharmed?”
He got from Mindbender giving him a head bob in Human style in response followed by the male adding “Yes that’s what’s the game piece was revealed to be played actually. Excuse me. Rain is getting too much for me. I’ll talk to you later when appropriate.”
He obeyed to walk away finding Delancy leading the way to a familiar tree for bathroom business while ignoring the rain pouring over him. Eric found his rages hitting him on and off went to the residence with Delancy to get inside. He found Delancy shaking water off his form while in the lobby as he walked inside keeping himself covered to avoid the dog’s water spray. 
He took the elevator to the apartment to find James inside who spoke “Master Eric I’m here to attend to the dog’s hygiene involving him needing a bath and drying for safety’s issues regarding you and water. So hand me the leash now.”
Eric spoke recalling the dog training’s voice book “Delancy stand down!”
He found Delancy obeying to keep on shaking water off his form as he handed James the leash and found the butler walking away with the dog off his left. He recalled the dryer facilities in the bathroom in the master bedroom went with water still dripping intending to go to there despite rages in control. Eric found a familiar Tsk sounding off his left as he made a motion to leave the living room to frown. 
He heard loudly “Master Eric I’m to take you to the private room set aside for attending to the removal of your clothes.”
He sighed hearing James’s familiar voice to speak “How many butlers’s named James around here?”
Eric frowned as he felt his arm grabbed into a gentle move and urged to move followed by hearing from James “There’s staff attending to the residence gonoid in the private rooms set aside for him. It’s not one of my duties actually. My duties is to clean his mess involving the porch he uses for his expelling wastes and make sure he’s fed properly while you’re indisposed. You’ll find staff in the private room set aside for you attending to you as ordered to prevent any medical issues done onto you.”
Eric frowned as James led the way to the guest bedroom going inside while hearing a familiar click noise indicated of transportation followed by hearing “Alright strip yourself of that jumpsuit now, Eric.”
Eric frowned hearing Kurpanov Kossman’s voice obeyed despite grimacing from water pooling around his feet and getting onto his skin. He ignored Kurpanov Kossman and medical staff getting him onto a bed after stripped of the wet jumpsuit and heard a familiar Meritanian’s comment blaring in his mind putting him to sleep unconscious.
He heard “Nighty night smarty!”

Eric came to hearing an alarm clock ringing loudly which he rolled over while thrusting his pillow over his head. He grunted as he felt a hand webby shaking his arm while feeling himself healed of water poisoning. He groaned and removed the pillow off of him to eye Raisa.
Raisa spoke “It sucks when that has to happen, doesn’t it?”
He groaned in reply finding himself in their bedroom in their residence and found Raisa balked his efforts to sleep some more by her shaking him gently and patting his cheek. 
Eric opened his eyes to glare despite the rages in control to hear “Get up and attend to your hygiene by the stink your giving off. You smell bad from the healing status. Get up and get yourself cleaned. The stink is bothering my nose.”
He obeyed sensing Delancy following him into the bathroom but balked following him into the shower stall.

Eric groaned once done with the bathroom facilities to find Delancy following him out which he clad in his pajamas went back to the bed intending to sleep. That despite Raisa seen sitting in her wheelchair nearby watching him. He shut his eyes putting a pillow over his head while lying onto his side to hear whiny noises of Delancy begging for something. Groaning Eric rolled over to glare at the dog hearing Raisa’s snickering like laughter sounding in the room as she wheeled herself out. He found Delancy giving him a pleading expression to groan and without a word got himself up from the bed and stomped out of the bedroom going to the dining room. He found Delancy sticking by his side like glue on the way as his rages hit including sitting in a chair rubbing hands over his eyes and forehead. Eric heard the kitchen doors bang followed by a loud Tsk sound. He removed his hands as his rages quit to find James in view putting a tray in front of him. Eric found bowls for Delancy on the tray which he put in front of the dog and who noisily ate happily to him. He sighed and forced himself to eat his own nourishment despite feeling not too hungry to him. Eric rubbed a hand over his eyes once done eating and sipped the drink of milkshake that tasted like strawberry milkshake to him. He sighed and gulped down the drink then placed it down onto the tray. Without a word or order towards Delancy he went back to the bedroom and fell face first into the bed throwing the blanket over his head and shut his eyes hearing whiny from Delancy. 
He spoke firmly “Delancy stand down!”  
Eric resumed a sleeping status and found himself lying in bed for too much time as he felt his weakness feeling hitting his body going away slowly. He found Raisa joined him in bed during his periods of awareness and didn’t protest as she laid her head on top of his chest. He smelled her soap and shampoo on her skin including felt no water poisoning as Raisa fell asleep lying on him. Eric forced himself to remain with his eyes shut rages coming and going as Raisa was felt conked out asleep. He felt himself passing out unconscious obeyed to the sensation and came to hearing the alarm clock ringing. Eric frowns hearing the alarm clock that sounded suspiciously like the High Council’s bell ringing. He grunted as he felt himself lying on top of rocky ground of as he rolled over including clad in nothing on his form with clothes off of him. Eric jerked open his eyes and forced himself to get up acrobatic move to find the High Council in their seats. He gave them a glare as Mindbender walked into view clad in only pants and made a turn around gesture with a finger aimed at him. Eric obeyed to spread his arms wide and spun himself into a slow circle finding Mindbender’s hand stopping his halt from behind. He didn’t comment a response as Mindbender adjusted one of his hands to twist behind and onto his back to feel something that suspiciously felt like a belly button on the spinal column on his lower back. 
He spoke “I’m a clone?”
Eric frowned as he was spun around in response by Mindbender doing it followed by the male stepping back with arms folded giving him a glare. 
He ignored Mindbender’s glare in response as the Speaker was heard “Says the Queen has captured a pawn into checkmate and replaced him with another pawn.”
Eric inhaled a breath hearing that from the Speaker to speak firmly “I don’t remember anything involving a checkmate from a Queen.”
He stiffened as he got images fully in his mind as he felt his mind scanned by Meritanian variety to stiffen of shock hitting him.
Eric spoke firmly realizing what the images were “He’s hidden with the Queen in containment asleep put there by a pawn of the Queen doing it after he lost a female to a disappeared status. The Queen loved him too much let him sleep his eternal rest while a piece of him was created to play a chess game with you. The Queen seemed amused with this chess game actually and wants to play it. I’m not sure why she’s amused but it seems to be boredom of being contained while in her prison where she is now.”
He clamped his mouth into a thin line as his rage again hit making him will forwards the Master to find Mindbender appear as a blue figure as he heard “Says describe this prison the Queen is in.”
Eric spoke firmly “It’s a water ship dubbed Zeskaya where the Zeskaya species got their name after they were freed from containment by the water ship doing it to them. The water ship was originally a sea vessel that floats on top of water which sank into the ocean and smashed itself into the cave where the Zeskaya species were contained freeing them. The water ship wound up underwater settling somewhere where it’s contained intact for the Zeskaya to use as travel gates via doorways of it.”
He frown feeling annoyed with the questions of the High Council as the Speaker spoke “Says anything else on the prison regarding the Queen?”
Eric opened his mouth to speak only to feel a hand clamped over it as a figure materialized from a hidden status he saw was Kossman in a Zeskaya form heard speaking “The Queen prefers you to ask her these questions instead of via a pawn.”
He heard Kossman’s voice sounding feminine like familiar to him he realized was of his Mother, Anya herself speaking through Kossman. He kept his mouth into a thin line as Kossman freed his mouth and folded his arms. Eric heard snickering like laughter sounding again to hear Recorder’s familiar Humph noise to find himself transported out by blue figures disappearing including landing onto something that resembled pillows. He frowned feeling confusion hitting him till barking was heard sounding familiar including paws of Delancy’s was felt onto his front including dog’s whiny noises. Eric blindly felt for Delancy’s collar finding the dog didn’t mind the touch instead shuddered in response shaking. He sighed as he hugged Delancy that shuddered shaking while giving off noises that sounded like the dog was happy to be hugged. 
He sighed again and got up speaking “Delancy bedroom!”  
Eric found Delancy leading the way out of the pillowed room into another room and refusing to budge from moving. 
He heard Raisa’s snickering like laughter in the room to sigh and spoke “Raisa, I’m a clone.”
Eric frowned as Raisa quit laughing followed by her speaking “Yes I know of that cloned status. I spotted that marking onto your back I knew that Eric the original didn’t have when you bared yourself to me as Sun Lord for a mating ritual. Took me awhile to figure out that mark involved cloning and not something involving injury or implantation.”
He sighed and without a word went into the bathroom intending to shower only to hear the door slamming shut while hearing a faint growl from Delancy. 
Eric found a blue figure walking into sight he recognized to be Kossman who spoke “The Queen has orders for the pawn.”
He didn’t comment a response as Kossman added “The orders is only a pawn of the Queen selected can talk to the High Council regarding herself and her prison she’s kept in including anything else regarding checkmating her offsprings and their cloning statuses.”
He spoke “Checkmating her offsprings? What offsprings?”
Kossman he eyed as his rages quit instead of answering faded from view. He heard the door to his shower stall bang shut in response along with a light show. 
Groaning he went to use the facilities thinking to himself “Hopefully the Queen will give me answers later.” 

Eric came out clad in his familiar pajamas with the rages in control sensing Delancy sticking close to him. 
He heard from Raisa in response “Eric isn’t her only offspring she had in her human form. She had twin males in her Human form that were fathered by another male. The offsprings wound up lived during Terrania’s original time orbit of Edenia.”
Eric hissed loudly hearing that as Raisa added “She wound up doing the same thing to Eric she contained and cloned to her other offsprings via containment and cloned in the process.”
He groaned softly as Delancy was felt rubbing his flanks onto his leg in response as Raisa paused. Eric bent down to hug Delancy that shuddered in response to his hugged status. 
He sighed as Raisa spoke in response “The High Council from what I’ve seen of them thinks she’s the one who captured a pawn of theirs and cloned him and then contained the original off her prison somewhere else. Hence they seeking to find her prison and find this cloning technology she used for further clones of their purposes.”
Eric exhaled a breath and found Delancy seemed to love the hugged status. He stopped hugging Delancy that was sensed giving off his familiar panting noises as he found his rages quit.
Eric eyed Raisa who added while looking at him fully “She’s not interested into those cloning purposes the High Council is interested in. Instead she just prefers to protect her prison and her offsprings from harm while in containment including protecting you as her current son in this game at the moment.”
Eric exhaled a breath and didn’t comment a response as Raisa picked up her book from her lap and appeared to be reading it ignoring him staring at her. 
He groaned loudly and without a word towards Raisa spoke loudly towards Delancy “Delancy stand down!”
Eric went to the bed to fall face first into it and heard Delancy settle himself onto his own pillow by noises made. He sighed and felt Raisa rubbing the back of his head in some gentle move. Eric sighed again and rolled over to face Raisa who resumed reading her book. He eyed the cover to realize it was a book by an author named Veronica Thomas. 
Eric spoke “Who’s Veronica Thomas anyway?”
He frowned as Raisa lowered the book and spoke in response “The High Council’s Recorder is Veronica Thomas the author under that name during her free time of not recording for the High Council.”
He sighed and spoke “Your seeing sense told you that?”
Eric frowned as Raisa shook her head and got from her in response “Veronica Thomas met me in Rhineland before Terrania reborn in a hospital room during me recovering from the explosion that took out our residence. She was friendly to me and told me of her writing career involving the Veronica Thomas name and told me that she’s trying with some problems to get the Veronica Thomas Incorporation as she calls it up and running. I didn’t buy her books at first but tried them out at the town’s Library. I wound up realizing that her books in fiction terms had a hidden message in them involving the High Council and their dealings with servants. Hence I read them for those hidden messages involving how the High Council thinks.”
Eric frowned but didn’t comment a response as Raisa resumed reading her book till he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Eric came to hearing the familiar ringing noise of the High Council’s bell ringing. He found himself clad into his familiar pants and nothing else onto his form as he swung himself up via acrobatic move. Eric found the Recorder sitting nearby still holding onto her computer tablet in her hands. 
He eyed the High Council with a glare in response as the Speaker spoke “Says hidden messages in literacy involve servants reading them for doing orders as ordered.”
Eric kept his mouth shut in response as the Speaker added “Says Recorder, tell Terrania what you’re ordered regarding your literacy career.”
He eyed Recorder to hear her speaking “Veronica Thomas Incorporation involves literacy material of what the High Council approves for people to read involving the past, present and future of the planet.”
He frowned but remained silent as he eyed the High Council in response to get from the Speaker speaking “Says Recorder what else?”
Eric exhaled a breath while eyeing Recorder again to hear from her “Material in literacy involves records of the past when Edenia orbited the planet Terra for the records of the High Council to pass down to servants. Hence Veronica Thomas Incorporation is currently creating records literally involving electronic and paper forms for servants living in Terra to pass down onto other servants as a need to know information status. Death isn’t immune to the High Council and servants with an exception to some living forever-“
Eric heard her interrupted “Says that’s enough of the talk. Meritanians transport Terrania out now.”
He found himself transported to his bedroom to find Raisa asleep in bed that ignored him including Delancy’s pouncing onto his front in some joyful move. He sighed and without a word went into the bathroom to exchange clothes again finding his pajamas scrawled carelessly onto the floor to his annoyance. Eric exchanged clothes then left the bathroom getting into the bed and ordered Delancy to rest. He went to bed and found his rages hitting again to his annoyance. Eric thrust the blanket up his shoulder and spoon fashioned Raisa despite feeling like needing to do it. He heard Raisa giving off an Hmm sound but remained asleep in response as he spoon fashioned her and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Eric came to hearing barking noises sounding loud in his ear. He felt pouncing of pressure onto his side of a gonoid pouncing onto him. The gonoid felt different from Delancy’s paws and felt lighter including was pouncing all over the place on top of him while he was lying onto his back. Eric grunted as the gonoid succeeded in landing onto his stomach making him give off an oof comment. He jerked open his eyes to find the pouncing gonoid was four footed and smaller than Delancy and appeared to be furry like Delancy but had a different face and ears along with a twin tail. He frowned while eyeing the gonoid as it gave up a loud meow sound in a loud tone that sounded of questioning to him. This was followed by the gonoid sitting on top of its haunches and licking its side in a fast move with its tongue. He frowned while eyeing the gonoid to feel a laser light shining into his eyes. Eric felt the rages not in control looked to find Raisa sitting in her wheelchair holding the laser pen that shut it off. 
He frowned while eyeing her to get from her in response “Eric, your Queen, gifts pawn a gift involving another pawn a cat as it’s referred in its name despite being a gonoid. Cats are something that Highlanders are scared of literally. The High Council tried to extinction cats out of their fear of them. Mindbender, I think talked them out of doing it. Instead managed to train the current High Council to tolerate cats. Besides cats are good for pointing out problems in residences involving rodents and bugs, not the Tennan variety.”
He sighed and reached a hand towards the cat an orange ball of fur only to get the gonoid sniffing his gloved hand in response. He frowned as the cat rubbed its head onto hand and gave off rumbling noises sounding of some vibration. 
Eric spoke “Is there a book on caring for this cat in question?”  
He got from Raisa in response “The material has been downloaded into the TV room. Cat’s name is Halloween. Don’t ask me an explanation why he’s named that. Only that he’s fond of pouncing onto people asleep in bed via laser lights waking them up. Halloween is tolerant of your dog but Delancy has to be trained to leave him alone with the code word off if he thinks of doing anything involving being annoying the cat.”
Eric groaned in response and forced himself to get up finding the cat, Halloween in response taking Raisa’s pillow and curling into a ball with head upside down and appeared to be snoozing to him. He sighed and without a word towards Raisa walked up towards her and kissed her onto the cheek finding her covering her mouth with a hand. He felt her hand touching his cheek when he kissed her. Eric sighed and went to Delancy finding the dog sticking close to him as he left the room going to the TV room. He found his rages hitting on and off to his annoyance. Eric reached the TV room and sat on the couch to groan softly and forced himself to listen to the recording of book material on cat care involving Halloween. Eric listened fully while sensing Delancy sticking close to him lying on the floor nearby and ignoring interruptions of Eli telling him bathroom for the dog. Eric made sure that Delancy got a chance to do his business on the porch after told by Eli to do it at timed intervals. He went back into the TV room after assurances by Eli that James would clean the mess. He again listened to the material on cat care to frown finding information involving a litter box to smell a stink in the room along with Delancy looking tensed. Eric frowned while looking around seeing Delancy looking alert to sniffing something stinky. 
He spoke loudly “James!”
Eric didn’t have long to wait as James arrived with his familiar Tsk sound followed by hearing “Ah the litter box needs to be cleaned of debris by the stink. Excuse me while I get the proper equipment for it.”
He found his rages in control spoke while standing up “Delancy heel!”
He found Delancy obeying to hear a meow sound followed by feeling something furry rubbing his foot that suspiciously felt like a cat to him. Eric sighed and found the rubbing quit followed by hearing James’ familiar Tsk sound.
He spoke “Litter box for the cat? Where is it in this room anyway?”
Eric heard from James “In the spare closet in the room set aside for it involving a cat door for privacy from your assistance dog not to disturb when doing its business. Excuse me while I attend to the mess cat made in it hence the smell.”
Eric sighed and walked away only to feel something of cat’s paws running up his back followed by Halloween onto his shoulder vibrations felt again from the cat. He sighed and didn’t comment a response as the cat was felt purring and rubbing its face onto his ear. Eric recalled the book of instructions involving how to pick up cat and cuddle it obeyed to do it. He found Halloween purred while held in his arms front facing his front with paws felt flexing into his shirt. He sighed and carried Halloween out of the room sensing Delancy ignoring that and guiding him from banging into objects in the way. Eric went to the dining room to feel Halloween squirm in his arms. He placed the cat down onto the floor and rubbed his back in a gentle move feeling it arch along with tail sticking up. Eric found himself able to see to find Raisa in the dining room reading her familiar Veronica Thomas book. He groaned softly and went to sit down in a chair and didn’t protest as James took a long time to arrive with the tray holding nourishment for himself and Delancy. Eric remained seated waiting as Raisa ate her food till James arrived into view carrying the tray and set it down in front of him. He noticed another bowl appearing to be orange holding stinky disgusting food in it he figured involved Halloween’s meal. Eric placed the bowl onto the table as far away as he could find Halloween getting onto the table and eating the food fast. He made sure to feed Delancy his food and water along with feeding Halloween his own liquid bowl holding milk in it from the looks of it. He found Halloween licking the milk in laps like a dog and appeared to be satisfied followed by jumping off the table and running out of the room. Eric sighed and forced himself to eat his food taking his time instead of eating it fast. He forced himself to sip his drink of a liquid shake from the taste of it. Eric once done didn’t give off his rude noise instead sighed and found Raisa staring at him.
“So about time you got the message.” He got from Raisa who added “Eating fast makes you give off that noise I hate hearing.”
Eric groaned softly and didn’t comment a response as Raisa added “I checked the weather report involving this city dubbing itself Yekaterinburg instead of its name of Rhineland as the natives unaware of the change over calls it. Seems the natives are reverting cities and island nations back to Terranians’ terms. Such as Yekaterinburg as it’s referred including the island nation its in called Prussia, instead of Fatherland or Germany whatever.”
Eric frowned but didn’t comment a response as Raisa continued “So take Delancy and get outside for a walk. That dog needs exercise as daily to keep his weight down and something stimulating for his mind while outside. Get to know to the Yekaterinaburg’s natives while you’re at it.”
He spoke in response “I don’t feel like doing it.”
Eric sighed to lean back shutting his eyes only to feel Raisa’s book whacking him onto the shoulder which he heard “Your dog needs exercise every day outside like any other dog needs. It’s your duty to take Delancy outside. He’s trained to be your shadow and not my responsibly to take him outside for walks. His rigorous training makes it impossible for me to take him outside. He’s your shadow and your responsibility.”
Eric groaned softly and forced himself to get up ignoring Raisa’s book whacking his seat in response. He ignored Raisa and went to the master bedroom into the bathroom finding Delancy had followed him there. He found his familiar jumpsuit folded onto the sink counter and exchanged clothes for it followed by resuming his gloves and sneakers. Eric sighed and went to Delancy’s harness putting it onto the dog including the leash. He left the apartment and went outside into the sunlight shining overhead with not a cloud seen to his relief. Eric found himself led to the familiar statue where Mindbender was standing with arms folded while clad in his familiar suit and tie. He went to shake hands with Mindbender finding the male during his blindness crunching his hand. Eric ignored the crunch and crunched in response. He found Delancy growling an angry noise in response to the handshake. 
Eric spoke loudly “Delancy sit!”
He ignored Mindbender letting go of his hand to keep a hand onto Delancy’s harness while folding an arm and spoke “So what’s new with the game of chess you’re playing?”
Eric heard in response “There was a specific reason why you were given that gonoid as your eyes. I’m not pleased that your balking responsibility involving its care such as a walk outside every day like it needs.”
Eric spoke in response “Well excuse me for being lazy. I woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.”
He heard snickering like laughter from Mindbender along with feeling his shoulder squeezed in response as he heard Delancy’s growl. 
He spoke “What’s so funny?”
Eric glared despite his blindness to hear from Mindbender after clearing his throat “Just remembered a memory involving someone saying that saying of waking up on the wrong side of bed. Didn’t realize it was a joke back then when that person said it to me. It’s a joke now from what I heard from people around here calling themselves Prussians as the name of this island nation, Prussia.”
Eric frowned as his blindness quit finding Mindbender forming a serious expression and adding “The Prussians have appeared to revert back to Terranians’ terms involving a ruler calling themselves Tsarina for female and Tsar for male whatever that title means in some royalty controlling term.”
Eric spoke in response “So what’s the chess games involving that?”
He glared at Mindbender who spoke in response “Nothing involving chess yet. The game hasn’t been played. Terrania has been restored according to some witnesses that survived the abandonment by Edenia doing it. But this time involves just Humans with multiple gonoids living in Terrania and nothing involves alien species such as Elves or Highlanders. Both wound up killed off via the disaster of the Tennans attack onto the planet actually via plague means.”
Eric hissed hearing Mindbender’s words to hear from the male in response “Instead alien species that were alien are now in Human bodies thinking like a Human with alien minds. The High Council is entirely human with minds of Highlanders and an ability to mind scan with Humans referring them as Telepaths via all black eyes.”
Eric gasped hearing Mindbender’s words as the male continued “Telepaths are a creation of the Tennans raping Human females from what we could find out. Besides there’s curiosity several Human oddities surviving the restoring of Terrania with memories intact and bodies intact such as you and I including my female in question. Same goes for your female surviving too with memories intact when questioned by the High Council as they call themselves instead of name of Telepaths.”
Eric frowned hearing Delancy’s growl along with tensed form to eye the dog finding he was eyeing something behind Mindbender. Eric peered finding Mindbender looking in the direction as he found his rages taking control blocking his view. He felt his mind scanned abruptly via headache hitting him along with rages going away to find a male Human wearing a suit with sunglasses walking in their direction in a casual walk. 
Eric heard Delancy’s growl again as he felt the headache stop to hear from Mindbender “Their out walking among people exploring Terrania and what she offers. You Humans weren’t very forthcoming involving what Terrania did as Terra instead appeared to have forgotten it easily despite a few remembering it fully. Those few aren’t cooperating with their sharing actually. Hence them out walking around. Ignore the intrusion.”
Eric frowned but focused onto Mindbender instead as his rages hit again making him annoyed. He heard Delancy’s growl as Mindbender took his hand in some handshake method then let go without crunching his hand to his relief.
Eric heard “Be seeing you around, Eric.”
He sensed Mindbender walking away to find Delancy tensed up as he ordered “Delancy go!”
Eric felt Delancy without a word pulling him to a familiar tree and did his business followed by ordering the dog “Delancy heel!”
He found Delancy in response obeying to his order and figured to himself to explore the city fully since he wasn’t able to do it as Sun Lord visiting Prussia. Eric found Delancy tensed up and alert when walking around the city looking at sights via seeing with his eyes, smelling with his nose and hearing via ears. He noticed three scattered males wearing suits and sunglasses following him a discreet distance away. One was appearing to be leading Delancy around the city via hand gestures seen. He felt annoyance take hold at the intrusion as he walked around till he arrived back to his residence building to find a guard standing in front of it with a gun weapon on holster in a police uniform. Eric found the guard a male saluting in response which he ignored and went inside to the elevator finding the lobby had guards. He felt annoyance take further hold as the elevator had no one inside as he took it to his residence. Eric once inside the residence put Delancy’s harness onto the hook along with leash and felt his rage take control. He kneeled and roared and roared in angry hissy fits till Delancy’s body was felt rubbing his arm. Eric found himself no longer raging angry instead found he able to see and found Raisa in front of him. 
He glared at her and spoke “I’m the Tsar ruler of Prussia!”
Eric got a grimace from Raisa in response that shook her head and got from her instead “Wrong on that actually. The Tsar is already a Tsarina and picked as ruler but she’s Georgina Visser herself.”
He frowned as he calmed himself down from his raging mood via mediation techniques with eyes shut till he felt Raisa’s hand onto his forehead rubbing. 
Eric opened his eyes and frowned while staring at Raisa who spoke “The knowledge involving rules of the Sun Lord’s treatment as ruler of Terrania was passed down very crystal clearly to the Earthari including to the current Terranians. Hence they were seeing you and any oddity Human as special according to rules of the Sun Lord and are still treating you like that. They didn’t spare me that treatment either when I went out for a breath of fresh air. It appears I’m an oddity Human for being what I am a Trigan as referred hence they treating me special. They’ll be sure to pull that onto Mindbender when he flaunts his Berserker side onto natives of the city as seen.”
Eric frowned but spoke “Special? Because I got my assistance dog?”
He eyed Raisa who spoke in response “That could be that as a reason but I’ve seen it involved your Human appearance actually. You’re an oddity with your golden eyes and tanned brown skin and clothes that normal Humans don’t wear around here.”
Eric sighed and heard noises from Delancy sounding like the dog was groaning which he sighed again. He forced himself to get up without a word and recalled his acrobatic training involving marital arts.
Eric spoke “You got a gym room for me to use?”
He frowned as Raisa spoke in response “Building comes equipped with a pool for people to use. Nothing else involving exercise. Sorry, Eric. You’ll have to go outside with the dog for exercise including roping Mindbender for fighting training. Mindbender from what I’ve glimpsed of him might rope you into sparring combative art training. Combative art training from what I’ve seen only involves females in Terrania’s terms and nothing involving males. Not even sure if that male combative art is going to take off in Terrania’s terms. But the pool involving swimming is for both but races are involving males only. Seems the Terrania Unity Games might make a comeback, if Nikolas has his way in trying to unite Terrania into some peaceful term. He invented the Terrania Unity Games actually.”
Eric groaned and kneeled in response as Raisa wheeled her wheelchair up to him and reached out a hand onto his cheek. He shut his eyes in response to her hand and pushed his face into the area. 
Eric sighed softly and groaned loudly as Raisa spoke “Seems like Terrania is coming back to existence in Human terms this time.”
He sighed and kept his mouth into a thin line while sensing the rages taking control again despite Delancy giving off his familiar noises. 
He groaned and forced himself to mediate only to hear from Raisa “Since you’re here, you really should go eat and get some nourishment. Don’t forget that Delancy requires you to take him out multiple times a day for walks. He needs the exercise as your responsibility.”
Eric exhaled a breath and forced himself to get up going to the dining room which he sat down rubbing a hand over his eyes. He felt paws onto his lap followed by a meow sound of Halloween digging his paws into his front. Eric sighed feeling the digging to remove his hand to hold it up for Halloween to sniff and rub. He felt Halloween rubbing in response including a meow sounding in a pleading term. Eric figured to himself that Halloween was begging for food to be fed.
“James!” he bellowed. 
Eric waited as James arrived via kitchen doors manipulated including hearing an excited meow. He felt Halloween off his lap as he sensed James placed the tray onto the table and heard the bang of kitchen doors. Groaning he blindly felt for Halloween’s bowl to feel scripted words in blindness’s language his fingers automatically reading for him. He put Halloween’s bowls onto the table and then placed Delancy’s bowls onto the floor and forced himself to eat his own food. He heard Delancy noisily heating as he heard the same from Halloween. 
Eric frowned while thinking to himself “Who’s Sun Lord ruler of Terrania anyway?”
He felt his mind scanned abruptly to feel his rages going away while thinking that comment as he felt the sense going away. Eric frowned resuming eating his food as he heard a chair scrape across from him making him look up. He found Mindbender holding a drink bottle seated across from him that gave him a golden eyed glare.
Eric recognized the expression for “You were thinking of something so talk.”
He obeyed “Just wondering if this version of Terrania would revert to having one ruler united them all dubbed Sun Lord. The previous Terrania had a ruler a Sun Lord doing that uniting till the natives decided that the Terrania Unity Games would do instead for peace’s sakes.”
He resumed eating his food finding Mindbender sipping his drink bottle he saw was herbal tea. 
Eric frowned while eyeing Mindbender who after a lengthy sip spoke “Sun Lord is something the restless natives aren’t interested in doing. It’s this Terrania Unity Games sporting event their interested into doing instead. Seems their hatred towards nations got passed down. Like Prussians hating Oceanans aka Australia now called Oceana and seemingly underwater nowadays. It’s the same feeling regarding Oceanans feeling towards Prussians.”
Eric groaned in response as Mindbender took a sip of his drink followed by adding “There’s nothing to indicate that Americania got restored from its Meritanian plant status or status as a nation with people ignoring communications to it.”
He again groaned and recalled Americania’s history spoke in response “Americania from what I know of it was an unexplored island continent ignored by the island nations till they started having wars. They wound up using Americania’s island as site of their wars. Mostly till some people came over and populated Americania and kicked out the warring fractions and founded the nation in the process. Americania is probably waiting to be explored and populated by the restless natives of the islands’ nations brave enough to come over and live there as Americanians. It’s the only nation where Terranians had in common to be united in peace together other than the Terrania Unity Games.”
Eric picked up his cup intending to sip it only to get a hand blocking his way. He found Mindbender doing it in response that gave him a glare and took his drink out of his hand. Eric glared in response despite thirsty as Mindbender sipped his drink and then handed him the cup indicating him to drink. He obeyed drinking the drink of milkshake finding Mindbender resuming sipping his herbal tea bottle. Eric didn’t comment a response to Mindbender sipping his cup instead kept his thoughts to himself. Halloween was seen getting onto Mindbender’s shoulder and purring loudly while rubbing his face onto the male’s ear. Eric sighed seeing Mindbender appeared to enjoy Halloween’s attention by the smirking far away expression on the male’s face. He sipped his drink entirely then placed the cup down onto the tray and eyed Mindbender who seemed lost in thought while drinking from his bottle. Eric heard Raisa’s wheelchair squeaking into the room. He eyed Raisa that came into the room to reach the table as Halloween with an excited meow got off Mindbender’s shoulder and darted onto the table towards Raisa to stand onto her shoulder purring loudly. Eric sighed seeing Raisa putting a hand onto her cheek and ignored the cat rubbing his face onto the side of her head. He heard Raisa sigh loudly as Halloween was seen chewing onto Raisa’s hair along with pawing it. 
A snickering like laugh made him look at Mindbender who had a smirk on his face followed by speaking “Fishes are favorite foods of cats.”
Eric sighed and eyed Raisa who ignored Mindbender’s comment instead was speaking loudly “James!”
He found the kitchen doors banging in response as James arrived with the tray holding her food in a bowl with watery like plants in it in brown colored water. 
He sighed as Raisa took the cat off of her via hands and thrust Halloween towards Mindbender while speaking “Here you hold him since you’re amused.”
 Eric got from Mindbender in response “Halloween is your responsibility, Raisa. I’m already taken with a cat of my own that’s snobby when it comes to smelling other gonoids onto me.”
Eric without a word took Halloween from Raisa’s hands and settled the cat onto his front to sit. He found Halloween in response getting onto his shoulder and purring loudly followed by getting off and running out of the room. 
Eric found Delancy making a movement to follow Halloween as his rages took control spoke “Delancy off!”
He heard Delancy giving off his familiar whine noises but reached out a hand blindly towards the dog and found his head. He sighed feeling Delancy shake while having his hand on the dog in response. 
Eric spoke “Mindbender-“
He was interrupted “I go by the name of Tom among the restless natives. They were asking too many questions to why I called myself Mindbender. Appears their still suspicious towards mind walkers enough to outcast them.”
Eric groaned hearing that as Raisa was heard noisily eating her food. 
He frowned as Mindbender’s voice was heard “Raisa why are you eating that crap anyway? Shouldn’t you be eating a normal Trigan’s diet?”
Eric exhaled a breath hearing Mindbender’s tone was sarcasm and appeared he was making fun of Raisa for something she did annoyed the male. He kept his mouth shut as he heard liquid tossed along with a male voice’s sputtering spitting sounds followed by Raisa’s wheelchair squeaking away in a fast speed move. 
Eric spoke loudly “James!”
He heard a familiar Tsk sound to hear “Excuse me Mister but Master Eric must leave the area immediately for his safety.”
Eric groaned and without a word got up and felt Delancy guiding him out of the room which he followed Raisa’s squeaking wheelchair to the master bedroom while hearing the door slam shut in a bang move. 
He went to the door sliding it open and heard “Get out! I’m in no mood for a conversation after this insult said to my face!”
Eric opened his mouth to speak only to hear Raisa repeat her words which he slammed the door shut in response and walked away going to the TV room. He went to sit down onto the couch only to feel something pressing into his back like movement making him get up fast. Eric felt around via blindness onto the blanket as the movement was felt reaching the edges to indicate a cat via purring vibrations felt. He sighed and adjusted the blanket to pick up the cat and sat down with Halloween he assumed was the gonoid onto his lap. Eric heard purring vibrations from Halloween along with another meow sounding loudly and cat paws felt onto his shoulder. He stiffened as the cat sitting on his front purred as the cat onto his shoulder was felt rubbing his ear. He sighed realized with a start that there were two cats in the residence. Eric groaned and leaned his head back eyeing the ceiling with his blindness seeing nothing but whiteness. He felt the cats purring on top of him followed by lulled to sleep passed out unconscious. 

Eric came to feeling purring vibrations onto his front of a cat felt kneading him via paws. He sighed and opened his eyes to find his rages gone from him to find an all black colored cat standing onto his lap. He sighed eyeing the black cat that gave up a meow in some cute tone. This was followed by rubbing its face onto his chin and getting off to the couch to curl up onto Halloween who was curled up asleep ignoring the intrusion. Eric groaned and got up finding Delancy had gotten up from lying onto the floor. He used Delancy to help him get into the dining room to sit finding Raisa inside eating from her familiar bowl of food. He sighed and sat and didn’t say a word towards Raisa as he noticed was lost in thought while eating her food via fork stabbing the bowl’s contents. Eric figured that she was angry and was eating out of hunger. He spoke loudly James’s name and got the butler arriving into view minus the tray with a familiar Tsk sound.
Eric felt his rages hit him again as he spoke “When’s meal time for me and Delancy anyway?”
He heard “Not for awhile, Master Eric. Anyway your responsibility involves taking your dog outside for walks for his health every day after taking in food.”
Eric groaned and without a word towards James got up and went to the master bedroom into the bathroom intending to change into his jumpsuit. He found with seeing, his jumpsuit sitting onto the sink’s counter which he exchanged including the sneakers and kept his black gloves on. Eric walked out sensing Delancy escorting him as he went to the harness and put it onto the dog. He attached the leash and went to the elevator finding the door seemed fixed up from the smashed status. Eric sighed and waited as the elevator dinged multiple times followed by stopping then dinged again reaching his floor. He walked inside finding no one inside and took it to the lobby finding guards still inside the area ignoring him. 
Eric with hand onto Delancy’s harness got stopped by a guard speaking “Hold on Sir.”
He despite his blindness waited as the guard added “Sky’s looking cloudy like it’ll rain so wear coverage.”
He obeyed to put on his hood covering his head entirely and found his blindness remained as he ordered to Delancy “Delancy lead!”
Eric found Delancy obeying and tracked the dog leading to the familiar statue where he sensed tension from the gonoid indicating Mindbender’s presence. Eric found Mindbender clad in a trench coat with a hat coming into sight despite some seeing. 
He ignored Delancy’s growls and spoke firmly “Delancy sit!”
Eric sensed Delancy obeyed but heard the dog kept his growling noises faintly. He waited for Mindbender to reach him who shook hands with him without crunching the hand. 
Eric spoke “So what’s up with chess game now?”
He heard as his rages remained in control “Nothing but did your Queen tell you the reason why she’s on her diet of foods she’s on that’s not common for a Trigan like her?”
Eric shook his head in a Human no gesture and got from Mindbender in response as he felt his mind scanned abruptly “I’m not to tell you that talk as blared by a Meritanian nearby blaring it to me.”
He frowned but didn’t comment a response as Mindbender was heard walking away which he spoke towards Delancy “Delancy go!”
Eric found Delancy obeying to go to his familiar tree and used it for his expelling. He found his rages going away with his blindness quit. Eric found the familiar three males standing a discreet distance away appearing to be watchful. He ignored them and decided to walk around the city of Yekaterinburg exploring it fully with Delancy. Eric found Delancy seemed to be in a happy mood being on a walk by his behavior indicating it. He sighed and walked around the city lengthy exploring it fully till he felt a compulsion to go to his residence hit. Eric obeyed making a beeline to the residence building finding himself still escorted by guards he figured were the three males. He got inside as the rains fell hard and sighed realizing that he got out of getting wet via jumpsuit form. Eric went to the elevator and removed his head gear. He waited while standing for the elevator to reach him. He didn’t comment a response as Delancy made a movement to step aside which he obeyed sensing the dog smelled someone in the elevator. Eric stood waiting as the elevator reached the lobby floor followed by a female he glimpsed to be Georgina Visser accompanied by three males wearing suits and sunglasses walked out ignoring him. He ignored her as she walked out of the elevator he noticed that she was clad in pantsuit clothes that seemed fancy to him. Eric waited as she walked by without a word towards him followed by Delancy straining against the harness towards the elevator. He went inside and took it to his residence freeing Delancy from the harness and leash. Eric sighed as he went to the TV room blindly and felt the couch for the cats before he sat down. He found nothing to indicate cats hiding in the couch’s blankets and sat down groaning loudly. 
Eric heard noises from Delancy which he spoke “Delancy stand down!”
He sighed as Delancy quit his noises and heard his toenails clicking onto the floor followed by silence as the dog lay down. 
Eric sighed and spoke “Recorder for book on cat care on now.”
He found the recorder turning itself on with a beep noise and began talking on cat care. 
Eric listened till a loud “Off!” comment was heard by him.
He sighed and didn’t comment a response to Raisa’s comment to hear her wheelchair wheeling into the room followed by her speaking “So what did Mindbender say to you? He was seen sneering when he spoke something to you.”
Eric sighed and repeated what Mindbender said to him to hear a loud throat clearing noise from Raisa as he quit talking.  
He added his comments and then spoke “I’m just assuming you’ll tell me what’s with your diet when you’re ready including the same for your status of being in a wheelchair.”
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and frowned as his rages cleared up seeing her seated with arms folded a glare on her face making him gulp.
Eric frowned but didn’t comment a response as Raisa spoke “Emperor Pavel Palin, you know who he is hmm?”
He gave a head bob not trusting his voice to get from Raisa in response “I was swimming around in Orca form long before I discovered I could shift into Human form as a Trigan. I was swimming in the ocean when I saw that the weather was going to storm. I found a swimmer swimming in the ocean during the stormy weather like nothing was going to happen to this idiot. The idiot in question wound up tossed around via ocean waves acting angry and then went underwater to be caught by a spiny plant. I didn’t realize at first that the plant was some bad version of Merra Kid that caught him intending to hold him there underwater to kill him. I wound up in Orca form attacking the plant which refused to free him. As a result I ate part of that plant and freed this idiot and carried him to the surface that remained clinging to me. I think this person was a mind walker back then managed to communicate to me involving changing into a Human which I did once I swam to a beach with him there. Then after that I discovered the bad part of the Merra plant I ate was poisonous to me affected my legs in Human form hence I can’t walk. I’m fine in Orca’s form for swimming fully.”
Eric didn’t comment a response not trusting himself to speak as Raisa paused then she continued “As for that idiot I saved, turned out to be Emperor Pavel Palin himself which I wound up paired to him as his mate actually.”
Eric gulped hearing Raisa’s confession finding her adding “Emperor Palin displayed this attitude of nothing bad can happen to him. He thought he was immune to bad misfortune hitting manoids among Terrania the moment he was gifted those planet protecting powers from me giving him them. He also was suffering from poison in his system that was slowly killing him from the bad Merra kid plant stinging him actually. The planetary powers kept him living longer than normal means via poisoned status.”
Eric exhaled a breath as his blindness resumed followed by hearing “I transferred those powers to Eric the original the moment I touched him. He didn’t acknowledge them till he became Sun Lord is when he used them. But at the moment those powers were transferred to his successor a descendant of him via his own male offspring Ricky himself. His successor is currently living in Ireland an intact island that survived the restoring of Terrania with pieces of Merra and her mate Tank littering all over that island at the moment.”
Eric sighed and heard “You didn’t explain fully why you’re on that stinky diet of yours.”
He got up growling an annoyed sound hearing Mindbender’s sneering voice tone to will forwards the Master finding blue shapes of Mindbender and Raisa appear into his eyesight. 
He glared with annoyance running through him to hear “I’m on that stinky diet because the poison from the bad Merra kid plant is still running through my system that is wrecking up my efforts to take in nourishment. The stinky diet you call it is the only nourishment my body will accept for me to survive on. So any useless questions you want to know, Tommy-“
Raisa was interrupted “Don’t call me Tommy! Only my female Victoria can call me that!”
Eric spoke loudly as Mindbender’s growling noise was heard “Mindbender!”
He heard in response a throat clearing noise sounding of Mindbender’s followed by hearing “Excuse me, the Telepaths as they’re referred in Human terms are still calling me Mindbender despite I publicity going around with the name of Tom Thunder among Humans.”
Eric frowned hearing Mindbender’s tone was slightly angry but the voice was firm as he spoke firmly “Anything else?”
Eric heard in response “Nothing else. Excuse me while I get transported out.”
He saw the blue figure of Mindbender faded away along with hearing the familiar click noise of Meritanian’s transportation to walk up to Raisa. He heard groaning from Raisa sounding like she was upset to him. Eric walked up towards her to kneel in front of her and placed his head onto her lap along with arms wrapped around her middle. Eric sighed as his blindness left him but remained in position waiting for Raisa to acknowledge him. 
He didn’t have long to wait as Raisa yanked his head off her lap followed by her speaking “Get out and leave me alone for awhile!”
Eric sighed and obeyed despite the weepy voice tone Raisa used. He noticed her eyes were watery of tears and without a word left the room sliding the door shut. He found Delancy’s paws onto his front during blindness along with hearing pleading noises from the dog. He groaned and figured to himself that the dog needed to get outside for exercise. Eric went to the harness and put it onto Delancy with the leash. He took the elevator to the lobby and resumed wearing his hooded mask on order of a guard telling him to. Eric walked around in the city allowing Delancy to lead the way and sensed the dog was sniffing around including doing his expelling businesses on patches of grass seen. He sighed and ignored Delancy doing his duties on multiple patches of grasses till they reached the familiar tree and found the dog again doing his duty. He ignored Delancy sniffing around the tree and rubbing his back paws onto the area. He looked around finding himself still accompanied with his familiar three guards to his annoyance. Eric wound up wandering around the city letting Delancy and guards to dictate his route. He found Delancy made a beeline to a store and pawing the door with a paw. He sighed and walked inside finding the store was an apparent used bookstore for books in paper form. Eric frowned as the bookseller an older Human female seated at the cashier’s desk gave him a smile and held up a bowl holding something that resembled dog treats, he recognized.
“Help yourself to your sweetie.” He got told.
Eric obeyed to pick a treat and allowed it to be taken from his hand via Delancy doing it who chewed it noisily. 
Eric frowned as the cashier added “I have various books on various subjects around here for your Missus to read Mister Zesky. No need to introduce yourself. Your Missus Raisa Zesky is a frequent visitor to here and described her husband fully including his companion dog. I’ll help you with what you need to find around here for the Missus to read.”
Eric obeyed without questioning the cashier who added “The name is Draguta Dagmara.”
He exhaled a breath via sighing while hearing the name to realize it was the name of an Akylah Tsarina finding Draguta in response helped him select a book for Raisa to read. He didn’t protest as Draguta got his hand print as a payment for the book onto a familiar device including bagging the book up. 
This was followed by hearing “Good day Mister Zesky. Come again with your sweetie at another time. I enjoy dogs and their visits to here with their companions.”
Eric sighed and left the store after giving a salute in response despite blinded again. He found Delancy making a beeline to the residence’s building as he heard thunder booming overhead. Eric walked inside as the rains fell hard with thunder and lightening booming loudly. He groaned softly and took the elevator to the residence after having to wait for Georgina with entourage take it first to her residence. Eric once inside the residence free Delancy from his harness and leash then went to hunt for Raisa. He found Raisa no where in the apartment according to Eli when asked. Eric sighed and went to the master bedroom to place the bag holding the book onto her pillow then went to the TV room. He made sure a cat wasn’t hiding underneath the blanket covering the couch when he sat down. Eric heard noises from Delancy sounding of the dog was pleading for something. He gave Delancy a glare despite seeing the dog in entirely blue fuzzy shape. 
Eric spoke “I thought you already ate?”
Whining noises was sounded from Delancy in response as he got up and went to the dining room as his blindness cleared up. Eric sat and yelled for James despite willing aside the Master. He didn’t have long to wait as James arrived carrying a tray and set it down gently in front of him. 
Eric spoke “So where did Raisa say she went?”
He frowned as James spoke “Sorry Master Eric, I wasn’t told to deliver a message to you by the Missus. I suspect that she went out outside among nature. I’m not privy to her mood at the time she went out of the residence.”
Eric sighed and fed Delancy who sat down for his meal who noisily ate as James left him. He ate his meal and drank his drink taking his time till squeaking of a wheelchair sounded nearer and nearer followed by blindness taking control. Eric frowned as the squeaking stopped followed by table moved a bit as if bumped.
He spoke “Raisa?”
Eric frowned as he heard “Don’t talk to me, Eric. I’m still in a bad mood despite rolling around in the building’s public walkways. The guards refused to let me roll myself outside on account of the rainy weather coming to my disgust.”
Eric frowned but didn’t comment a response instead spoke “I’ve left a gift for you on your pillow-“
He was interrupted “I saw that gift and already put it away for me to read it at a later time. Thank you, Eric. But it doesn’t do anything for my mood. James!”
Eric sighed and without a word left the room ignoring James heard entering via kitchen. He went to the TV room and sat onto the couch groaning loudly while rubbing a hand over his eyes. He grunted as there was paws felt of a dog onto his front including whining in pleading tones. 
Eric sighed and spoke “Shouldn’t the porch be used as your bathroom?”
He found Delancy in response got off of him as he heard “Master Eric, you’re required to take the dog outside at timed intervals for bathroom uses including walks regardless of the weather.”
He sighed hearing James’s voice didn’t comment a response instead went to Delancy’s harness putting it onto the dog that seemed happy accepting. He took the elevator outside while wearing his jumpsuit covering his form entirely as he heard nothing to indicate the stormy weather. Eric walked outside sensing the sunlight shining via warm status felt. He ignored Delancy leading the way sniffing and doing his business including joyfully walking while accompanying him. Eric took his time walking around the city keeping track of where he was going despite blindness status hitting on and off. He found himself led to the familiar statue where Mindbender was standing clad in a suit and his familiar trench coat with arms folded.
Eric frowned as Mindbender spoke once he reached the male “About time you arrived, Eric. You took your sweet time getting here.”
He recalled Delancy and spoke “I’m not rushing my dog when it comes to bathroom uses. He’ll go when he’s got to go.”
Eric glared at Mindbender despite seeing the male who gave up snickering like laughter in response followed by the male clearing his throat and speaking “Yeah I figured that out. Too bad dogs regardless of the breed, don’t like me very much. Cats are the only gonoids that’ll tolerate being around me in friendly terms actually. Other gonoids refused to have anything to do with me and are not friendly with me like your dog isn’t with him peeing onto my pant’s leg.”
He sighed looking down during a bout of seeing to see a part of Mindbender’s pants near the ankle was looking wet of yellow stain indicating a dog’s expelling.
He spoke firmly while eyeing Mindbender “Excuse the rudeness of the dog doing it. He had to go anyway.”
Eric waited as Mindbender spoke in response “That store that your Missus frequents is because it’s rarely crowded of people visiting it. Your Missus seems to hate going into places that has crowds of people in them hence she avoiding going into shops for eating or that major bookstore chain nearby her residence.”
Eric sighed recalling the bookstore in a building next door to the building he was living in and spoke “So what else is new chess wise?”
He frowned as Mindbender spoke as if answering his question “Nothing new except the High Council is still getting used to their new forms and exploring the planetary world at the moment. Americania as far as I’m concerned is still holding a Meritanian plant all over the place and containing various manoids detected scanned via satellite from above. Satellites are still orbiting the planet intact at the moment and still delivering technology means to island nations. Not entirely sure of what’s going on with the moon Luna. Last I heard it was containing a bunch of Elves or Highlanders living there. They seemed to be ignoring communications from planet side and appeared to have abandoned Luna as a home and busy elsewhere at the moment. I suspect they went to planet Shadan for living now. Maybe too scared of Terra and its changes or something. Not sure.”
Eric sighed as Mindbender without a word held up his hand. He shook hands with Mindbender who walked away and found Delancy sniffing his way towards his familiar tree which he didn’t protest as the dog did his business. He ignored the three guards spying onto him and went to wander around the city as the sun shined overhead. Eric frowned as he found Delancy leading the way towards the familiar used bookstore. 
He entered to hear from Draguta “Missus, your husband is here with his sweetie.”
Eric frowned despite blindness to hear nothing of Raisa’s wheelchair but Draguta adding “Here, Mister Zesky, pick something for your sweetie. Your Missus must be engrossed with picking a book at the moment.”
He blindly obeyed and handed Delancy the treat that munched onto it followed by speaking to the dog “Search Raisa.”
He found Delancy leading the way as he forced himself to peer at the bookstore via seeing moments to find the dog went to the back of the store. He found a lounge room in the back with Raisa still seated in her wheelchair engrossed into a book. Eric heard Delancy giving off a bark sound in greeting via noises to find Raisa looking up from her book with a glare. 
He sighed and spoke “Greetings wife, Shopkeeper said you were here when I stopped by.”
Eric frowned as blindness took control again and removed his hood finding Raisa speaking in response “Yes I’m here reading that book you gave me. Shopkeeper has this room for people to read books in peace after they purchase it. Purchasing is a must involving reading books in here, plus proof of purchase. It’s a part of her policy and not a library in here.”
Eric sighed as Delancy strained against the harness appearing to be heading towards Raisa which he allowed the dog to have his way. He found via seeing Delancy sniffing Raisa’s hand held up to sniff followed by licking it gently making her groan loudly.
Eric spoke “Delancy heel!”
He found Delancy obeying in response to add “Excuse the dog. Appears he’s like the cats smells you like food.”
He got from Raisa in response after she gave up a sigh sound “Actually must be the dog treats I have hidden in a bag the shopkeeper gave me to feed various dogs entering into here via owners for peace of quieting them. Shopkeeper loves dogs like mad. Has allowed them entry into the store but requests non owners to give dogs treats for shutting them up when their noisy. Hence his licking onto my hand.”
Eric sighed and didn’t comment a response as he sensed Raisa quiet to see her resume reading her book. He found Delancy in response straining against the harness towards the front entrance of the store’s direction. 
Eric sighed and obeyed to let Delancy lead the way to the front entrance to find Draguta holding up her bowl and speaking “One for the road for your sweetie.”
He sighed and picked a treat and fed Delancy it that noisily chewed then left the store after giving a salute. He found Delancy still doing his business onto patches of grass while joyfully walking next to him. Eric sighed and put on his hood as indicated by an escorting guard signaling him to do it. He obeyed and ignored the thunder rumbling overhead. Eric made sure he took a long time around the city walking to tire Delancy out. He found himself agreeing with the exercise and found Delancy seemed relentless with the walking as if having boundless energy. Eric sighed once the thunder became more relentless and found Delancy led the way towards the residence building. He found Delancy still used patches of grass for his business including rubbing his back paws onto the areas. Eric didn’t comment a response as Delancy and he got inside the residence this time waiting to use the elevator finding Georgina ahead of him entering it first leaving him waiting. He counted dings of the elevator passing floors faintly to figure the apartment residence was above his floor by six dings heard before silence. Then that was resuming again followed by the doors opening. He heard Delancy growl in response along with sensing the dog tensed up. 
Eric frowned not seeing anything via blindness to hear loudly “Greetings Eric. I’ve taken residence into this building with my female on her trying to establish her writing career in Prussia.”
He frowned hearing Mindbender’s voice to speak in response “What no hotels around here?”
He heard snickering like laughter in response from Mindbender followed by hearing “That’s one thing the natives of Prussia appear to not to use. They prefer to temporary loan their residences to people visiting the city while living with them for fees. Don’t worry I didn’t take residence into your home or in the Tsarina’s home. One of her escorts in the building allowed me and my wife to take residence into his home for caring for his residence gonoid, the cat he keeps on hand. He’s been trying to find someone to take residence into his residence temporary to amuse his cat and with her care while he’s doing his escorting duties. See you around.”
He frown sensing Mindbender gone to enter the elevator and took it to his residence apartment. Eric walked out finding the door sliding open with a beep noise to his arrival along with noises from Delancy sounding happy to him. He sighed and freed Delancy from his harness and leash hanging them up and walked further into the apartment to hear an excited meow sounding loudly within vicinity as his blindness still took control. Eric frowned as he walked to the TV room to feel a cat getting onto his shoulder and meowing loudly in friendly purring terms. He removed his hood to feel the cat rubbing its face onto his ear including mewing in happy tones. 
He sighed as he spoke towards Delancy “Delancy stand down!”
Eric heard nothing in response from Delancy but an oof sound like the dog was relieved along with hearing further silence. He took the cat off his shoulder and went to the TV room via memory of it. Eric arrived finding his eyesight cleared up and found himself holding the black cat instead of Halloween. He went to the couch to sit feeling for Halloween and found nothing to indicate the cat. He sat down and placed the black cat onto his lap who tummy sat and purred its motorboat off in vibrations that made him sleepy. Eric sighed yawned and shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep till he gave up an oof sound of a cat pouncing onto his shoulder including pawing his head with paws. He jerked open his eyes to discover Raisa in the room laser pointer in hand as Halloween he spotted was pawing him all over the place as the black cat was curled up onto the couch snoozing. 
Eric groaned and picked up Halloween as he spoke “So Halloween’s companion? What do you call him?” 
“It’s a female cat and her name is Samantha.” He got from Raisa who added “She came with Halloween as his companion. They referred her as Miss February for her snobby behavior towards other cats, refusing to do anything with them till Halloween came to the cat sanctuary. It’s when Halloween’s presence is when she wound up friendly and stuck close to him like his companion. He seemed to accept her as his companion but is still kitten like in his pouncing games via laser.”
Eric sighed as Halloween squirmed in his arms. He adjusted Halloween to sit onto his front to find the cat in response getting off and going towards Samantha. He frowned as Halloween curled up into a ball next to Samantha who ignored him and appeared to be kneading her with his paws as he lay on his side. Eric sighed and got up finding Raisa put away the laser into her pocketbook attached to her wheelchair. He went to Raisa intending to kiss her only to see her holding a hand out and shaking it in a nagging gesture. He smelled that she was wet from the rain placed on his hood and took her hand kissing it via hood method. 
Eric found Raisa didn’t comment a response instead got from her “Excuse me while I see about drying myself off.”
He sighed and went to his familiar private bathroom to find James there waiting to attend to him. Eric didn’t protest as he felt the familiar feeling of water poisoning as he yanked off his jumpsuit and found James managed to get him into bed as he passed out unconscious.

Eric came to feeling a purring vibration of a cat sitting on his front in a tummy sit position. He sighed feeling the cat’s purring vibration that felt soothing and resumed sleeping till the cat was felt pouncing all over his front as if following a laser. 
Eric groaned out “Raisa?”
“Excuse me Master Eric.” He heard sounding of James’s voice “But you’re healed from the smell of you to get up and do something other than lying in bed all day. Missus Raisa insisted that you get up and do something to attend to yourself including your poor dog in question who’s begging to be fed from the looks of him next to your bed.”
Eric groaned and forced himself to get up finding he was clad in his familiar pajamas and without a word towards James who faded from view. He went to the dining room to sit groaning loudly and yelled James’s name. He didn’t have long to wait as James arrived with the tray including bowls for the dog, omitting bowls for the cats. He sighed and fed Delancy who noisily ate happily. Eric found himself terribly hungry gobbled up his food including taking his time sipping his drink of shake appearing to look green colored. Eric once done went to the master bedroom intending to shower only to hear James’s Tsk sounding next to him. 
He spoke “James?”
“Excuse me but the master bathroom isn’t dry enough for your use, Master Eric.” He got from James who added “So sorry you’ll have to use the guest bedroom’s bathroom set aside for your personal use. I’m here to guide you to the proper bedroom for this use.”
Eric didn’t protest held up his arm as James took it and led him to his familiar guest bedroom he stayed in and got pushed to go inside. He obeyed to find his way to the private bathroom finding a shower stall and other facilities omitting the tub inside. Eric sighed and forced himself to use the facilities entirely for his use finding nothing to indicate water poisoning to his relief. He once done clad into his jumpsuit walked out and found Delancy rubbing his flanks onto the side of his leg while giving off pleading noises. He groaned softly and figured to himself that Delancy would need exercise and bathroom outside. He obeyed to Delancy’s behavior and got Delancy harnessed then took the elevator to the lobby to outside putting onto his hood. He found the sunlight shining overhead without a cloud in the sky to his relief. Eric found his familiar escorts escorting him as Delancy did his business including sniffing around leading the way to the familiar statue. He found Mindbender standing leaning against the statue while reading a book ignoring his arrival. Eric cleared his throat once his rages hit again. 
He heard a Humph from Mindbender followed by hearing “This book is terrible. No wonder the public rejected it despite Victoria trying to promote it as a good book. She really should take criticism from me involving her writing works. If I say the stories terrible she should listen to me. Instead she’s doing what she wants ignoring my advice.”
Eric spoke in response as Mindbender paused “Sounds like she’s too proud with her story to accept that it’s got flaws.”
He heard a Humph from Mindbender to continue speaking “I have my companion here with me that makes me proud to know he’s the best I ever had to help me with my blindness. I was depending onto a breathing device too much to be proud to figure out that a gonoid like my companion here could help me out with controlling the blindness aka rage episodes I would get. I find that mediation of yoga helps me keep control while the blindness hits and controlling my companion to help me around here.”
Eric frowned while stopping talking to hear from Mindbender “Alright! I admit it!”
He frowned as Mindbender paused then continued sounding grumpy “Nikolas was currently in Americania trying to find manoids living there including former cities involving that nation. The Meritanian plant controlling Americania is balking on letting him explore it entirely, instead transported him off to Prussia’s seaport city of Vladimirburg like any city referred as burg behind the name in Prussia. Nikolas wound up going to this city and living with Georgina Visser as her escort despite still clad in his Hades’ suit. He hasn’t succeeded in finding any existence involving blood drinkers like vampires or Drainers living in Americania despite the plant there refused to let him stay there within a sun’s position instead transported him off to Prussia.”
Eric didn’t comment a response as Mindbender paused then continued “Prussia from maps overhead via satellites is appearing to be a large island of Europe without Russia attached or the Scandinavian nations nearby. The Scandinavian natives as an island nation are currently focused onto the island of Great Britain and Scandinavia as some joint confederate underneath control of one ruler at the moment dubbed King George of Lions’ Bane, which you know who he is actually.”
Eric heard the firmness of Mindbender’s voice tone spoke firmly “I met King George in Ireland when doing work as Shad the assassin. He appeared to be a Human King who disagreed with the beliefs of this god named Lance Richard by a King. He kicked out this King dubbed Anyan out of his King’s title and lands and set off assassins to kill him. I left him alive on purpose and he betrayed me by knocking me out and leaving me asleep contained.”
Eric formed a glare as Mindbender gave up chuckling sounds making him annoyed to hear as the male was heard “Actually Anyan was assassinated by you on orders by the High Council who were trying to remove the Human vessel of Lance Richard actually.”
He hissed a breath loudly hearing that as Mindbender continued “Anyan after he was so called killed was dumped into the ocean where he managed to survive the poisoning and wound up transported to Americania according to Walls and Kiddy. They did the transporting and said that Americania is where primitive manoids can live undisturbed among nature without Humans’ interference by the Meritanian plant. The interference involved who the Meritanian plant determines is ready to live among her plant fronds respecting her and her native plants scattered among there including the gonoids living there as well.”
Eric spoke once Mindbender was silent “Then what’s with Anyan dumping me into some place to sleep instead of killing me?”
He frowned as Mindbender grabbed his shoulder and heard “That place Anyan dumped you is what remains of Atlanta for natives to sleep for healing sleep actually from injuries. Unfortunately Hades aka a High Council member wearing the suit figured it out and retrieved you and got transported to Ireland among the current Sun Lord living there. Merra and Tank living there realized that you were serving the High Council and tried to wipe their existence from your mind but your mind turned out stronger than it seemed enough to wipe out the wiping in question.” 
“As for you going around as Shad the assassin it’s some side effect of a memory involving an assassin of that name sleeping in the exact coffin you were found in. It seems that the coffins retain memories of people and pass it on towards others sleeping in them hence your confusion of who you were.” He continued to hear from Mindbender.
Eric sighed softly and opened his mouth to speak only to hear “Sky’s looking like its going to rain again. I got to get under shelter before the water turns out to eat clothes that aren’t waterproof. Excuse me.”
He sensed Mindbender walking away to speak towards Delancy “Delancy go!”
He found Delancy obeying to go towards his familiar tree and used it followed by hearing thunder booming overhead. 
Eric gave the order towards Delancy “Delancy home!”
He found Delancy obeying to make a beeline to the building ignoring the thunder booming overhead getting nearer and nearer. Eric went inside and removed his hood once in the elevator after waiting for it to reach him. He went inside the residence to find Delancy stuck close to him once he freed him of the harness. 
Eric sighed and spoke “Location Raisa?”
He heard from Eli “Master bathroom with orders to not to be disturbed.”
Eric groaned softly and without a word went to the TV room again blindly feeling for the cats. He felt nothing indented of a cat hiding underneath blankets and sat down onto the couch groaning loudly. He sighed when he heard a bark from Delancy to feel pressure of a cat onto the couch as he spoke the off command. Eric focused onto Delancy finding the dog was plopped down onto the floor onto his side and ignoring Halloween pouncing onto his tail thumping back and forth. He sighed and watched Halloween pouncing onto Delancy’s tail that ignored the cat as Samantha was felt getting onto his lap to purr her motorboat he called her vibrations off. Eric sighed feeling Samantha’s purring lulling him to sleep which he shut his eyes to come to feeling pouncing of a cat onto his front along with Delancy’s groaning noises. 
Eric opened his eyes despite blind to speaking “Yes? Something I can do involving a cat pouncing me awake? I can’t see.”
He heard “Excuse me Master Eric but the weather outside has quit for the time being. Delancy is indicating on needing to use the bathroom facilities outside. Caught him trying to use the porch as his bathroom while you were out asleep. He was in there sniffing too long to indicate it.”
Eric sighed hearing James’s voice and without a word removed Halloween offs his lap to get up and spoke “Delancy heel!”
He found Delancy obeying to his order and went to get the harness putting it onto the dog then took the elevator outside while putting on his hood. He sighed hearing nothing involving thunder and lightening outside or rain. Eric sighed again feeling the warmth of the sun shining as he got Delancy outside and gave the order to do bathroom business. Eric allowed Delancy to lead the way into the city sensing the dog was doing his business via stopping and sniffing sensed. He found during bouts of seeing Delancy doing his duties but stuck closed to him when he was blind ignoring his duties involving bathroom. Eric sighed and forced he to tolerate Delancy’s behavior of guiding him around the city the dog ignoring himself when he was blind. He found Delancy during his seeing resumed his status of doing his bathroom duties onto the nearest patch of grass including back pawing the ground. Eric sighed and resumed walking around the city looking around finding it involved walking traffic and nothing involved cars as transportation. He sighed finding people were riding bikes and motorcycles around the city on paths for it as people walked in roads in various groups. Eric found various people walking dogs that appeared to be curious towards him and Delancy. He found Delancy ignored sniffing the dogs when stuck to his side via blindness behavior indicated it and ignored them when doing his bathroom business during periods of seeing. Eric sighed and found Delancy led the way to the familiar statue where Mindbender was glimpsed standing in front of it reading a book. He glimpsed the Veronica Thomas’s name on it as author on the book. 
Eric sighed and went to Mindbender while speaking “So what’s new?”
Mindbender he heard in response “Just reading a book the latest out by Victoria. She’s busy in the bookstore autographing books and promoting it. I ducked out earlier to avoid the crowds of people asking for her autograph. They were ignoring me and my efforts to be friendly with them. And she with regret sensed via her wound up indicating that I should leave which I came here for a break. I’m just reading this book in peace of privacy.”
Eric spoke “So what’s the book about anyway?”
He frowned as Mindbender spoke in response “Haven’t gotten further than the second chapter with interruptions of offsprings with their parents coming up to me and demanding me to leave for some photos. I’ve been standing around this statue with the interruptions. It’s a popular statue for offsprings to stand around posing with while their parents snap photos with various devices.”
Eric sighed softly as heard silence from Mindbender to sense the male had resumed reading his book. He remained standing lengthy till loud ahem sounds broke his reverie along with a throat clearing noise sounding loudly. 
Eric spoke towards Delancy “Delancy go!”
He found Delancy leading the way towards his familiar tree to hear snapping of cameras from within the statue’s vicinity along with sensing Mindbender walking next to him. 
Eric spoke “Should you be back with the Missus, Tom?”
He heard a chuckle in response as Delancy stuck to his side balking the bathroom business. 
He frowned as his blindness quit followed by Mindbender in sight speaking “Actually standing around reading this book was aggravating me. Book is on the love story between me and my wife, Victoria herself told in some fiction terms involving Terra. I figured that I’ll just read it when bored of people watching hence I staying near that statue to people watch nosily.”
Eric frowned to catch Delancy having a leg up aimed at Mindbender’s pant leg. 
He spoke firmly “Delancy heel!”
Delancy he saw obeyed and he added “Who’s body guarding the Missus from rude people anyway?”
Eric got from Mindbender in response “The Tsarina’s offspring her youngest, Princess Malaja, wound up visiting the bookstore at the same time Victoria made her promotion visit. Not a coincidence but an event put together by the bookstore’s manager as a publicity stunt. The manager was hoping for more business involving books bought from there. The bookstore is doing ok but reading isn’t a big thing involving the Prussians. It’s the sporting event of Combative Art involving females fighting females into karate fights to knock each other down dubbed Knockout that’s currently popular among Prussians. Don’t get me started on why their amused seeing females doing it as popularity sakes. I tried to see if I could get involved into that but they only accept males coaching it and demonstration training for females to copy and do the moves when doing the Knockout fights onto other females.”
Eric sighed softly to frown as Mindbender gave up a Humph sound and then got from the male further “Knockout is an international sport involving females in the Terrania Unity Games. Nikolas is still up to his tricks involving the attempts to unite the entire planet underneath something in common like the Terrania Unity Games. The games have been overheard accepted by the Prussians. But the Prussians like any Terranian native is still balking on letting males into the games as a competitor other than racing in the pool swimming events. That’s the only event they have jointly allowed males to be in, in the Terrania Unity Games at the moment. Other events have appeared too focused onto females at the moment.”
Eric groaned softly hearing that as a beep sounded from Mindbender who looked at his watch as his blindness hit. 
He frowned as Mindbender was heard “Be seeing you around. Victoria is done keeping me away and wants me to return by the communiqué she’s sending me.”
He sighed and sensed Mindbender walking away which he spoke towards Delancy loudly ordering the dog to do his bathroom business. He found Delancy obeying by feelings of the dog doing while holding onto the leash. He sighed once Delancy remained at his side once done which he grabbed the harness. Eric sighed and walked further into the city figuring to himself to go to Draguta’s bookstore. He found Delancy seemed happy walking next to him as he walked in the city among the population. Eric went to the bookstore to find its door refused to open. 
He frowned as he rattled the doorknob only to hear “Excuse me, sir, but bookstore is closed for the day according to sign on it.”
He sighed hearing the male voice that sounded twin to Ajax from memory of the hybrid Human Highlander speaking it to hear from the male added “The Dragon’s bookstore as its referred doesn’t open everyday. It’s only open by chance of when the owner feels up to it. She’s struggling to find someone to takeover her business that’s has an honest system despite not having any security measures involving shoplifting from her store.”
Eric spoke in response “Thanks sir. I think I know someone who could do the job.”
He frowned as he heard the male walking away in response to his comment. Eric sighed and spoke the home command to Delancy. He found Delancy made a beeline towards the residence building and got inside. 
He went to his residence to call loudly “Raisa!”
Eric heard from Eli “Currently in the TV room with the recording going.”
He freed Delancy and went to the TV room entering it to hear Raisa’s voice order the recording off. 
Eric spoke “I went around the city and tried to get into Dragon’s Bookstore.”
He heard an hmm from Raisa in response as he added “Some person nearby me told me the store was closed and that the owner was trying to find someone to takeover her business for awhile. I thought of you for that job.”
He clamped his mouth shut as his eyesight cleared up followed by Raisa giving him a glare in response making him gulp. 
He gulped recalling Raisa’s comment towards him asking her “Shouldn’t you be getting a job to get outside every day?” 
“Don’t ask me that question again!” He recalled from Raisa who sounded annoyed along with saying “That subject is closed!”
Eric spoke shaking his head from the memory “Want me to help out Draguta herself in the job instead of you since you’re not interested?”
He got from Raisa in response “Eric, your help isn’t needed for Draguta’s shop keeping job. She’s only interested into that job because it helps her get out of her apartment, every day out of depression of being a former gymnastic athlete that suffered an injury to her arm when she fell off an apparatus wrongly while doing a skill. She does that job when she’s free to do it and has balked accepting help from anyone. She’s not proud but prefers to do that shop keeping job of bookseller to while away her time of not doing gymnastics. It’s addicting according to her when she got into gymnastics and did the sport too much to the point that her arm broke. Doctors told her to retire or lose her arm’s function permanently if she continues. Hence she was doing the bookseller job.”
Eric sighed and went to Raisa to kneel in front of her as she rubbed her webby hands onto his head he sighed from. 
He got from Raisa in response “She’s when asked, currently seeking former athletes of gymnastics or other sports to takeover her job when they retired due to an injury’s status. She’s aware of that having something to do involving the bookseller job when doing athletics isn’t possible hence her seeking out athletes for it. She’s trying to give former athletes something to do. It’s one reason why I frequent her bookstore for books. I’m giving her business including giving her and whoever does the bookseller job socialization time. Hence I there doing business instead of the big bookstore.”
Eric sighed and gently hugged Raisa in response while putting his chin onto her thighs. 
He sighed as she added “Mindbender is correct. I don’t like crowds of people hanging around me. People from that major bookstore, assume via my wheelchair status that I’m an invalid and needs help for everything involving acquiring books. Hence an employee is always hanging around me ready to pick a book I need from the bookshelf. It got too much for me of this helping so I went to Draguta’s bookstore. She’s been letting me be independent while in her bookstore getting books by myself. Also she gave me a device for getting books out of arms’ reach above me so I don’t have to get out of the chair for it. I find she left me alone to read books in peace while I’m in her bookstore. Something the employees of the major bookstore weren’t doing instead were hovering and asking me if I wanted to purchase that book while I was looking through it. Yekaterinburg doesn’t have a town library at the moment from what I could do exploring the city.”
Eric sighed and gently hugged Raisa tighter in response but kept his hold loose. 
He sighed as his blindness hit him to ignore it followed by hearing from her “Shouldn’t you do something involving that dog of yours? He’s sitting next to me appearing to be giving me pleading eyes like he wants something.”
Eric sighed hearing Delancy’s pleading noises to recognize the sounds of the dog wanting something. He groaned and released his hold onto Raisa and spoke the heel command to find Delancy next to him rubbing his flank against his leg while panting loudly. 
“Seems like he wanted his own hug like you were giving me.” He heard from Raisa who added “He’s happy as indicating it via the tail wagging fast.”
Eric sighed and bent down hugging Delancy who shook while hugged including didn’t protest as he ended the hug. He straightened up his form sensing Delancy happy from the hugged status. 
He heard whacking noises to hear from Raisa “You might want to do something about Delancy’s tail hitting my chair in a fast move.”
Eric found his blindness quit to find Delancy next to him between him and Raisa with tail whacking her wheelchair while the dog was acting happy to see him by eyed looks indicating it. He sighed and gently maneuvered Delancy away from Raisa’s wheelchair via hand onto the dog’s collar to hear the whacking noises quit as blindness resumed. Eric heard Raisa resume the recording to frown as he felt a compulsion to leave the room. He obeyed to leave with Delancy off his side. He went to his guest bedroom to enter the bathroom as if compelled exchanging clothes to pants he found were his High Council wear pants to his annoyance. Eric gave up a loud Humph once he was dressed and transported to the High Council’s presence finding the group was still in their seats with their Speaker standing with head bowed. He gave the High Council a glare in response as an object was tossed to him he caught left handed via gloved hand. Eric found the object was his familiar breathing device as Mindbender walked into view clad in twin pants. He put on the breathing device and gave the High Council a glare in response. Eric had to duck when Mindbender swung a leg aimed at him via combative art moves of karate. He found himself sparring Mindbender in karate moves while finding the male was trying to knock him off his feet as he copied. Eric and Mindbender fought till the male succeeded into knocking him off his feet. He swung himself up via acrobatic move in a fast move finding he having success in doing the flip. Eric found Mindbender without a word doing a karate salute of hand fisted onto his palm and bowing before disappearing in a light show. He found himself into his private bathroom to sigh putting aside the pants and breathing device onto a shelf above the expelling waste facility. Eric figured to himself to use the facilities entirely which he proceeded to do. He came out via dressed into his jumpsuit to hear barking sounding excited including paws onto his front of Delancy. 
Eric spoke “Delancy down!”
He sighed as Delancy obeyed and remained stuck to his left side as he maneuvered himself and dog to the harness’s hook area including clipping them onto the gonoid. He took the elevator to the lobby’s entrance to sense Delancy’s tension of someone in front of him blocking the way while in the lobby. 
Eric spoke after removing his hood “Yes? Something I can do for you?”
He heard in response “Excuse me just curious about your dog. Didn’t know that he was an assistant for blindness. Hence my efforts to pet him.”
Eric heard the voice sounded young to him in a feminine voice as he heard ahem sounds in adult tones to frown as the female was sensed walking pass him into the elevator. Eric frown feeling himself confused to who was the voice’s owner to resume putting onto his hood. He found Delancy again indicated someone in front of them while outside walking who quit walking. 
Eric wound up frowning, while hearing thunder booming faintly to speak firmly while adjusting the hood to show his face “Something I can do for you?”
He heard nothing in response but sensed Delancy’s further tension to place back the hood. He wound up seeing with blindness clearing up a male with sunglasses was trying to pet Delancy on the top of the head who wasn’t accepting it. Eric found the male seemed to be friendly towards Delancy who balked accepting the head pets. 
He grabbed the male’s hand via gloved hand hearing a gasp and spoke loudly “The dog isn’t for people to pet as amusement. Keep your hands’ off now.”
Eric released the hand as blindness resumed followed by hearing “Excuse me sir.”
Eric felt Delancy’s tension leave as indicating the male walked away. He resumed walking into the city with Delancy at his side and made sure to pay attention to the dog’s behavior of indicating unwanted petting by people when stopped by people getting into the way. Eric found the status quit once he reached the familiar statue to hear Mindbender’s growling noises sounding of having the Berserker in control. 
He frowned as Mindbender quit the growling noises followed by hearing “Argh! The restless natives aren’t scared of my Berserker side in control or of me. Instead their just treating me like they treat you. Escorting oddity Humans around the city including helping them when it’s not wanted. Like they pulled onto me after I willed forwards the Berserker attempting to scare off people from the bookstore. Instead my Berserker side got them flashing their cameras in my face all over the place. I took a hasty retreat to here despite they not following me. Their offsprings are now just coming up to me displaying that Berserker side in control and their parents are snapping photos of me. Argh!”
Eric spoke in response “Some idiot tried to pet Delancy without me ordering that. I had to tell that idiot off for doing it. I suspect that it’s not the first time Delancy will suffer that as my assistance dog helping me around the city.”
Eric paused as he heard further Argh from Mindbender followed by hearing camera snapping along with sensing the male walking away growling angrily with the Berserker in control. Eric sighed and ordered Delancy to his familiar tree for bathroom. He found the dog obeying in response followed by resuming his position next to his left side. He heard Mindbender’s roar of frustration along with growling noises and loud snickering like laughter of offsprings to him playing a game to him. Eric sighed and sensed Delancy’s tension again. He found his eyesight clearing up via headache of mind scanned to spot the familiar male was back with a bag in hand appearing to try to pluck hairs from the dog. He growled a sound of frustration in response as the male without a word went behind Delancy and appeared to be grabbing the dog’s tail despite the dog was snapping his jaws at him. Eric felt annoyance take hold as the male succeeded in tearing off several strands of fur from the tail followed by pocketing it into the bag and walking off whistling loudly. Eric felt annoyance take hold seeing that found Delancy had his tail tucked into his body instead of wagging it. He gave up a loud Humph and without a word got Delancy back to his residence to find the dog was whimpering in pain. 
He groaned softly and yelled “James!”
Eric heard the familiar Tsk sound off his right and spoke while thrusting Delancy’s leash in a direction “Some guy I saw during blindness yanked some fur from Delancy’s tail who’s indicating it hurt him. He’s giving off noises indicating he’s in distress. Have the doctor check him out.”
He heard in response as the leash was taken out of his hand “The proper doctor’s title for gonoids is veterinarian. Yes I’ll have him checked out for that incident. Excuse me while I get him to the private room for that examination for the veterinarians waiting for checking him out. Eli indicated his distress while in the elevator.”
Eric sighed and heard Delancy’s whimpering noises become softer and softer as he forced himself to speak “Location Raisa?”
He heard in response “Not in residence.”
Eric groaned and forced himself to blindly go to the TV room where he sat onto the couch minding that there was no cat underneath the blanket. He heard meows sounding of Halloween followed by the cat onto his lap purring and kneading his chest. Eric saw via seeing Halloween onto his front that purred but refrained from face rubbing. He sighed and petting Halloween via the back finding the cat’s back arched along with tail. He didn’t comment a response as Halloween ended attention by giving off an excited meow and running out of the room in a fast speed move. 
Eric spoke “Eli is it feeding time for residence cats?”
He heard in response Raisa’s wheelchair squeaking loudly from the open door of the room along with her wheeling it into the room as blindness took control. 
Eric groaned softly and heard a throat clearing noise from Raisa followed by hearing “Eric, you want to explain what’s the report of James telling me involving Delancy’s fur on his tail yanked out in some hurtful move?”
He spoke his outing entirely not leaving anything out including the male he saw doing the fur pulling. Eric focused onto Raisa using the Master in control to find her figure appeared fuzzy blue which she wheeled her wheelchair towards him reaching his knees. He got up from the couch to kneel in front of Raisa putting his head onto her lap finding her hands’ rubbing the top of his head. He sighed to groan as Raisa forced his head up by hands’ manipulation as he eyed her blue figure. 
Eric frowned as Raisa was heard speaking “Alright the fur pulling makes me think the male was trying to gain a sample of Delancy for breeding into another dog, perhaps a female for breeding DNA.”
He groaned loudly hearing Raisa’s comment to find her adding “Delancy’s looks of him makes me suspect that this fur pulling won’t be the last time someone will try to acquire samples from him. He’s the type of dog to make people want samples for breeding of other dogs either for assistance help or for making money to sell to breeders actually.”
Eric sighed but didn’t comment a response as Raisa’s hands was felt rubbing his cheeks. He shut his eyes in response and willed aside the Master allowing Raisa’s hands to rub his cheeks in a caring gesture. He sighed as Raisa seemed lengthy with the rubbing followed by hearing a loud Tsk sound within vicinity in the room. Eric groaned feeling Raisa’s hands left him as he forced himself to stand up with eyes open while hearing her address the butler. 
James spoke “Delancy is currently undergoing grooming by the veterinarians. Which means bathing him and getting his fur to be dried and the proper medicines involving sicknesses he may pick up while outside put onto him via various methods. I wasn’t told what methods the medicines will be but told to report to you, Master Eric as requested by them-”

Eric was interrupted by a throat clearing noise sounding loudly interrupting his telling the tale to people in the room. He gave a glare in response despite the rages in control. He heard his dog companion to help him see when blind whining in response sounding of pleading to him. He again heard the throat clearing noise figured that Delancy needed to get out of the room for his bathroom which he obeyed to get up as a result. He found himself onto something smelling of the ocean and gave his assistance dog the command to go. Eric found Delancy obeying to go onto the sands from seeing them when his rages went away he noticed he was on a beach with the dog next to him leash in his gloved hand. Eric waited as Delancy did his business followed by again transported back to the Souler Council’s room back to the wheelchair to sit. He found the Souler Council was still patiently waiting for him to speak further of the story. Eric sat down into the wheelchair and spoke while hearing snickering like laughter from the Meritanians blaring in his mind annoying him. 

Chapter Three: Arriving to Planet Aire
Pharaoh sees masked male everywhere. No one sees that masked male thinks ruler is crazy. Ruler gets too much of seeing that masked male stabs himself with a knife into his chest and lays on floor alone in throne room or bedroom. 
Masked male reveals himself turns out to be his own brother who spoke “You’ve done what I wants is the throne to myself.” to pharaoh and forces the eyes of his brother shut.
Then spoke “I order this disappeared Pharaoh to be buried into an underground temple now!” 
Anubis realizes via admittance later “The Pharaoh is still alive but not really disappeared.” 
Anubis gets him out of the grave into the priests' temple. Priests aren't doing much regarding this situation instead plot with Anubis and Pharaoh to remove his brother from the throne. Brother has religious beliefs involving some other gods and goddesses priests don't approve or appreciate of and want him removed. 
Ruler gets handed a mask by Anubis and told “You’re to haunt your brother with the mask.” 
He obeys learning how to do that haunting making his brother seem crazy to the city's people and own servants. 
Servants don't know that Pharaoh is still alive doing that haunting and same with the city's people who ignore beggars and don't know that a beggar is a masked pharaoh haunting his brother to drive him crazy. Priests get the upper hand on the brother's craziness and get him out of the ruler ship's position into a grave to be buried alive. Anubis tells Pharaoh “You’re to go to the chasm of storms and leave Humania since you’ve been declared disappeared to the people of Zimala.” 
Pharaoh spoke “I don't agree-“ 
Priest spoke “I insist on you doing that. You’ll find your son Eric taking your brother's place as ruler.” 
Pharaoh goes into chasm of storms arrive to planetary world not sure of the name. Eric acting as the Guardian of Life and Death eyed the mental gated arch to see if flash an image of a male wearing gonoid skin clothing from head to foot. 
He heard "You had to show Eric didn't you?"
Guardian as he referred himself then heard nothing in response to female’s question. Guardian instead kept on watching Eric as the male walked on the desert sands his feet wearing gonoid skin boots with robes covering him from head to foot. He found himself as that male, Eric. Eric paused from his walk to exhale a breath staring at the desert sands while feeling the wind blowing softly. He saw a rocky wall ahead of him which he continued walking towards it. He frowned as he felt a burning sensation on the bottoms of his feet looked down to stare at the ground. He felt a hotness feeling which made him yank off his robes baring his form showing him wearing pants with no top revealing his muscular physique. Groaning he tossed aside the robes as the feeling began to dominate him as he walked. He felt his feet burning and looked down with dizzy eyes to see smoke of fire on the ground where his feet were which he followed with his eyes. He stiffened as he saw the fire surrounded him and screamed out a nonsense sound which he ran towards the rocky wall running while feeling the burning going to his legs. He forced himself to keep running till he reached the rocky wall and paused when he spotted a doorway opening in it. He ran in the doorway opening running into a corridor with stone walls. Eric ran not caring where he went till his lungs started bursting and he collapsed onto his knees on the dirt floor. He shut his eyes panting for breath and discovered the burning and hotness sensations gone from him which he opened his eyes as he continued to pant. He looked up with night vision of purple color and not green, to see a large sarcophagus coffin, holding a statue of Lance Richard, in front of him next to the wall of a large room that was high overhead. He exhaled a breath getting up from the dirt floor to stare at the sarcophagus which he saw had a sword spear on top of it, he recognized. He sighed and walked towards the sarcophagus leaning over with clawed hands on the spear which he with great strength yanked off despite some electrical jolts hitting him via hands zapping him. 
He stood holding the spear in his hands as he spoke out loud “This place is my home. I won’t leave it and suffer your fate, Father. I refused to let what happened to you happen to me.”
He exhaled a breath then felt tiredness arriving went to a wall and sat in a leaning position closing his eyes. He felt himself sliding into a lying position laid onto the ground falling asleep. 

Eric woke up with a gasp. He got up and looked around the room which he saw a doorway opposite from the sarcophagus. He entered to see a corridor with open doorways on both sides which he counted each having five of them. He went into doorways to discover that that they were empty small rooms. He found rats scattering in all directions in one room which he feeling hungry captured a rat gagging it to death. He brought the rat to his mouth biting into it eating as he entered another room. Eric saw had water dripping from the ceiling landing into a small stone pool of water on the floor. He finished with the rat threw the carcass away and went to the pool kneeling. Eric brought his hand into the pool scooping up water bringing it to his lips repeatedly ignoring he had water poisoning. This time didn’t seem to have that condition when he drank via hand. 
He felt himself better spoke out loud “I’ll stay here with the rats as my food and this water pool as my drink.”
He got up and walked back to the sarcophagus room where he went to the corner of the room and laid his form on the dirt ground falling asleep. 

Eric jerked himself awake when he heard a sound. He opened his eyes as his eyes sight blinked from night vision to day vision while hearing the sound become louder. He sat up to stare at the doorway was a flickering light that was coming nearer and nearer while hearing sounds he recognized as people jabbering. He got up holding the spear in front of him to stare at the open doorway. The light revealed a flaming torch light held in a figure wearing raggedy robes in hand followed by four other figures wearing identical clothing all with turban like headdresses on their heads. He stood watching as the figures spoke words he didn’t understand overlapping jabbering all at once. 
The words came to him later after he left Lance Richard’s Underworld Sanctuary “We have a pulse! Quick give him the milk via injection for water poisoning!”
He edged himself closer towards the figures that darted towards the sarcophagus one leaving the torch lying on the floor as they picked at the coffin with knives in their hands. Eric roared some loud nonsense sound which got the figures to stop their picking as he charged at them swinging his spear. He heard exclamations of shock from the figures as he used the flat end of the spear’s sword part hitting each of them on their heads knocking them out. He stood staring at the figures that lay on the floor unconscious with the torch’s light flickering. Exhaling a breath he picked up a figure by the neck dragging the person out of the room into the corridor passing by doorways towards the entrance where he could see was night time. He with great strength tossed the figure into the air that landed away from him onto the sand that acted like water swallowing the figure. He went inside and repeated the process with the other figures including tossing out the torch light then went to the rats’ room where he could see rats running around in all directions. With quick hand movements he grabbed a rat by the tail and tossed it in the air catching it with his hand around its neck which he squeezed choking it. He smiled a smile of satisfaction as the rat died giving up to death going limp in his hand. He walked out of the room biting into the rat’s body going out the corridor towards the entrance to outside and stood chewing as he listened. Eric heard voices yelling exclamations words not understood with overlapping as he listened. He heard horses whinnying sounds as he stood which became fainter and fainter. He once finished with the rat tossed the carcass away went to the pool room going inside to kneel at the pool bringing his hand in it scooping up water which he drank repeatedly. 
He spoke once he finished drinking “I’ll stay here and keep people out for it’s my home my place and my sanctuary. No one will enter this place not if I have to kill them just to get rid of the people entering here.” 
He sighed and got up leaving the room to the corridor. Eric walked entering the large room to stand staring at the sarcophagus which he walked to putting a hand on top of the statue of Lance Richard via hand. 
“I did felt my hand squeezed when I touched Lance Richard’s statue hand. I squeezed in response.” He said via admittance of telling the story. 
He spoke again “I’ll guard you to keep others from interfering with your rest. You have my word on this, for I’m not leaving ever. Nothing will bring me out of this sanctuary except death.”
He gave the sarcophagus a rub and removed his hand to go to a corner lying on the ground closing his eyes as he let sleep over come him. 

Eric dreamed of walking in the desert wearing robes that covered his head showing his eyes peering out. He was following a figure wearing identical robes covering the head which he automatically knew was his Father. His Father stopped and removed the robe from his head showing black hair with Human black eyes and fanged teeth, he learned later was Nikolas the vampire god aka Hades the Drainer as dubbed. Eric stood next to him removing his robe from his head to stare at him. His Father or Nikolas looked at him before a look of terror arrived on his face, screamed before looking down. Eric looked down to see fire licking at his Father’s robes surrounding him. He darted towards his Father who hit him with a fist in the face throwing him backwards hitting the ground. He lay on the ground staring at his Father with horror on his face as the fire abruptly rose surrounding the male. 
He screamed out “Father!”
The fire he saw engulfed his father who gave out a crying wail and then the flames went shooting into the sky leaving a black round soot mark on the ground in place of the male. 

Eric woke up screaming of terror shaking his form which took him moments to understand where he was. Groaning he rubbed a hand on his head and stood up as his eyes sight flashed from night vision to day vision. He looked at the corridor doorway to see fire light becoming brighter and brighter. Eric gripped the spear in his hands while softly growling. He stared at the light source revealing a figure with a male form holding a torch. Eric saw had shoulder length sun colored hair while wearing robes that looked angelic white colored like a Sora a feminine angelic being, who came into the room. 
He snarled softly as the figure turned to his direction speaking words he understood “Who is there? Show yourself now.” 
Eric slowly walked forward his eyes on the male’s eyes that widened seeing him. 
He stared at the stranger who spoke again “Why are you living here surrounded by darkness instead of being in the light?”
Eric in response swung the wide end of the spear at the stranger hitting him on the knees knocking him to kneel. He angrily grabbed the stranger’s long hair yanking him in a standing position thrusting the sword part of the spear at the stranger’s neck. 
He spoke “I won’t tolerate visitors here who will be removed by my force even killed if they resist.”
He yanked the stranger into the hallway towards the entrance where he could see sunlight shining outside. The sunlight was like a travel gate’s white wall of light from the looks of it. He brought the stranger to the entrance and thrust his back to the wall avoiding the sunlight. 
Eric spoke “Tell the others to stay out. This is my sanctuary, no one enters.” 
He turned his back and sensed the torch light behind him shining. Eric continued walking through the corridor entering the sarcophagus room. Eric kneeled as his dream of his father burned flashed in his mind’s eye. Groaning he rubbed a hand on his forehead and once again his eyes sight flickered. Growling he got up and turned towards the room’s entrance to see a male with short dark colored hair wearing identical robes as the stranger enter the room with a torch in hand. 
He charged at the stranger who spoke “Eric, I’m called Trevor.”
Eric paused mid charge hearing his name spoken by the stranger Trevor. The image of his father catching on fire came to his mind and he continued his charge swinging the spear at Trevor who put the torch in front of his face. He swung, fire from the torch came blowing at him towards his eyes. Eric dropped the spear bending down placing hands over his eyes while hearing running footsteps getting fainter and fainter. He removed his hands to blink his eyes seeing objects as purple while living beings were seen as pink colored like the Lance Richard statue. Eric didn’t realize it at first that his eyes were altered despite they felt were fine and straightened up his form. He exhaled a breath and looked down on the ground for his spear he saw wasn’t there. 
Frowning he looked around eyes staring at the ground then he growled out loud “That stranger, Trevor, stole my weapon.”
He roared an angry sound then jogged out of the room to the corridor to the entrance. Eric walked out into the sunlight to see Trevor holding his spear in his hands standing next to the stranger he kicked out holding a torch and behind them were a crowd of people who abruptly went silent seeing him. He darted up to Trevor and yanked the spear out of his grip then turned his back to the crowd pausing when he heard gasping sounds from behind him. 
Eric recalled “The gasping sounded of me having a mark of a clone on my back via the noises I heard.”
Shaking his head he walked back into the tomb entering the hallway again which he again reached the sarcophagus room. His eyes sight blinked again which he spun around to see Trevor walking speedily into the room. Eric edged himself towards the wall eyes on him. He saw Trevor go up to the coffin and kneel form becoming still. 
Shaking his head of disgust he turned away towards the doorway when he heard a voice speaking “Eric.”
He turned around to stare at Trevor and widen his eyes when he saw his father, via form of Alexei Zesky and not Nikolas, standing at Trevor’s side wearing a skirt with chest bare of clothing with shiny jewelry on it and a crown on his head staring at him with all dark colored eyes. Eric shook his head closing his eyes. He opened them to find his father gone from standing besides Trevor. 
He thought to himself “It was just part of my imagination.”
He turned and froze for inches away staring at him was his father who spoke “You my son are the One, leader of the people who are counting on you to lead which is what you should be doing. I did not raise you to have yourself isolated surrounded in the darkness living alone.” 
Eric gaped at his father with shock on his face as his father continued speaking “You should face your fear the real reason why your isolated yourself in this place.”
He closed his mouth as his father paused then continued speaking “Why did you go out in the sun to get your weapon if you are afraid of the light? Speak your fears don’t keep them to yourself my son.”
Eric spoke “The Father images was a representative of my cloned father himself mind scanning me and helping Trevor and his twin Kurpanov out of my containment within my mind.”
He stared at his father who faded from his eyes sight as he turned to face Trevor who he heard was chanting words he heard repeatedly said “Go into the light, don’t be afraid.” 
He went to Trevor kneeling in front of the male who stopped chanting to stare at him with a look expecting him to speak. 
Eric spoke “I have a either a memory or a dream in my mind. I see my father wearing robes covered up walking in the desert with me besides him wearing robes. I was following him who stopped from walking to remove the hood from his head as I did the same with both of us looking at each other. My father looked at me with a look of fear on his face which he screamed of terror and looked down. I looked to see eater licking at his robes surrounding him. I darted towards him to help which he punched me hard throwing me backwards hitting the ground. I could only lie on the ground staring with terror as the eater engulfed my father. 
I screamed out ‘father!’ as the eater covered him. 
I heard him give out a crying wail sound then the eater shot up towards the sky leaving a black round soot mark on the ground in his place. I kept walking in the desert till I got a burning sensation on the bottoms of my feet that I felt a hotness feeling that made me yank off my robes. The feeling took over as my feet continued to feel like burning and looked down with bad eyesight to see eater surrounding me which I screamed and ran to here. The burning came up to my legs as I entered this place entering this room falling to a kneeling position and felt the eater had left me.”
Eric spoke “That talk was my body healing from water poisoning actually.”
He paused as Trevor nodded his head and he continued “I became afraid that the eater would consume me like it did with my father if I was out there so I stayed living here as my sanctuary from it.” 
He stared at Trevor who wordlessly handed him a large cloth canteen while speaking “Here, Eric drink.” 
Eric took the canteen and brought the open cap part to his lips which he drank recognizing it as milk and he greedily drank till there wasn’t a drop left for him. He handed Trevor the canteen who slung it over his arm as he grimaced as a headache arrived to his head.
“It felt like a Meritanian was mind scanning me actually.” Eric recalls while telling the story. 
Guardian saw the scene on the arch changed to show Eric himself younger sitting next to an eater with gonoid skins feet aimed at it while staring at a man who had robes covering him across from it. The man pulled off his robes off his head showing a male’s face, with black beady eyes and pointed ears, with a headband of metal on his head. 
His mind told him “He’s your father’s second in command guard named Breaker.” who stared at him with a frown. 
Eric laid down staring at the sky while feeling his feet warm. He felt a burning sensation in his feet and looked up as Breaker darted around the eater with panic in his eyes. He felt the burning sensation reach his legs as Breaker grabbed him pulling him away from the eater before tossing a bolt of cloth covering his legs and feet swatting it at him. He felt the burning sensation leave him followed by hotness feeling which he groaned loudly pulling at his long sleeve shirt yanking it off his form. 
He felt Breaker’s hand on his forehead and heard him speak “By the one, burning up!” 
Eric lay on the ground feeling he really hot groaning loudly as he felt a cool cloth cover his forehead literally. He shut his eyes as he was forced into a sitting position and felt something brought to his lips which he drank recognizing it as milk. He felt the coolness of milk and greedily drank as sleepiness arrived which he stopped drinking becoming still. He felt an arm around his form and felt his head lay on a lap with a cloth still on his forehead as he slept. 
Guardian continued to watch as the scene changed to an adult Eric kneeling who he saw jerked his eyes to stare at Trevor who spoke “You as youngster were burned on the feet and legs from an eater catching on your clothes which gave you the heat sickness. You suffered said to see an image of your father being burned by the eater repeatedly over and over during your sicknesses.”
Eric stiffened at the words as Trevor paused then continued speaking “After your father’s death you were seen going into the desert unstopped wearing what you described walking the perimeter of the city walls outside while crying out ‘Father’ repeatedly.” 
He frowned at Trevor’s words who kept speaking “The hotness feeling you had that led you to here was the heat of the desert and the coolness of the tomb helped you feel better.” 
He felt better along with hearing a voice "Go with Trevor leaving the place my son." 
Eric admits “The voice sounded of Lance Richard via cruel voice tone used giving me permission to leave.”
He got up as Trevor got up and he ran to a corner of the room with hand over his mouth while hearing a gasp loudly. Eric threw up the contents of his stomach several times along with choking like feeling which he felt something in his mouth. He coughed out to see is a small crystal jewel with a cloth necklace which he recognized later as Lance Richard’s. 
Eric put on necklace and went back to Trevor who spoke “Moves like a God for only a God can lead us.” 
Guardian frowned finding Eric not acknowledging the words as Trevor handed him the spear. He followed Trevor out of the tomb to outside facing the crowd of people who get on their knees as if worshipping him as their God and leader. Guardian found the scene changed to show Eric became Pharaoh as the leader's title and given clothes and is paraded through the city in a chair held by male slaves with his guards flanking him. The procession stopped at a triangle like stone building is figured is a temple where there are others assumed to be priests there along with a chair in front of the doors. 
He got off chair by slaves lowering it to the ground and walked up the steps to the chair where he is told by high priest wearing mask of a gonoid God Anubis "Kneel." 
Anubis waved hands over him while chanting in foreign language words not understood later said to be “Ay Kabaiya!” 
“Lance Richard’s chant words” Eric says.
Eric appeared to be staring onto the floor as Anubis is handed hanging a hanging lantern which he waved over him still chanting away. He watched as Anubis hands off lantern then placed hands on Eric's head closing his eyes with his hands.
Anubis spoke "You shall be known as your name, Eric ruler of the kingdom Egyptia." 
Anubis’ hands picked at Eric's eyes which he opened and sees the priest take a crown off the masked head and place it on his head. He rolled his eyes while making out a small gasp as he felt a tiny jolt of pleasure involved his heart beating again. Then he stood up and went to the chair to sit which crowd got onto their knees foreheads to the ground with arms in front of them. 
He spoke loudly "I am Pharaoh Eric ruler of Kingdom Egyptia. I will rule the people well."
Guardian watched as Eric appeared to be assisted by a priest called Omar who gave him advice on ruling. 
He found some of the advice is demanding “I’m insisting you do this and that while ruling as Pharaoh!” 
He saw Eric appeared to be in love with a female slave with long sun colored hair named Sabba. 
Eric declared “I declare Sabba as my queen!” despite his priest’s wordings of “I object!” 
He and Sabba eat food before they went to bed asleep after that with her next to him. She felt pounding onto his back with fists and saying something in a male tone he didn’t realize till later. 
Eric spoke “The male voice was Kossman via Zeskaya form pounding onto my back and demanding me to live period”
Guardian frowned finding Eric appear to passed out and he waked up in the morning to discover Sabba dead with claw marks on her and her neck is broken. He saw Eric act like he killed her got upset.
The priest Omar arriving into the room appearing to be aware of Sabba's death spoke "It’s a bad omen to mate with slaves for your gonoid side came out and said no to slaves hence the killing." 
Eric appeared to mourn Sabba's death wound up sitting on his bed staring at the ceiling lengthy as night and day go by. He appeared to not acknowledge anything all around him or the food brought to his lips. He kept on lying there till a female slave arrived into the room carrying a tray of food that kisses him on the lips. He watched as Eric saw the female a slave and shakes his staring at the ceiling mood. He found Eric appeared to be in love with her and wanted to mate with her. 
Guardian grimaced as the female acted rude to Eric speak "I don’t want anything to do with you!"
Eric he saw didn't back down instead corner the female in the room after getting up from the bed. He found her thrusting a knife at his neck when he cornered her to kiss her. Omar arrived into the room to get the female slave away from him to his annoyance. 
Omar wound up speaking "You're not to mate with Niya the slave for it’s not what the Pharaoh is supposed to be doing." 
Eric responded by going to Omar and thrusting a clawed hand onto the male's face to snarl "You will allow me to mate with Niya I want brought to my bedroom now! I as your Pharaoh orders it!"
Guardian found Omar darting away in sight followed by Niya entering the room with her arms folded. 
Eric spoke "Get in bed now, Niya." 
He found his order obeyed but she thrust a knife at his neck when he attempted to lie on top of her.
He spoke "I wanted you as mine when I first saw you-"
Niya interrupted speaking "You killed a slave female and I refused to suffer her fate." 
Eric spoke "Niya, just kill me for I still want to mate with you if you're afraid of me." 
He closed his eyes and waited as the knife presses harder into the side of his neck. He kept his face blank as he sensed the knife off his throat and Niya kissing him on the lips hands on his cheeks. Guardian saw them mate which Eric appeared to be is her first. 
Then after the mating is done he heard Eric speak to her in whispered tones "I have a gonoid side which is poisonous lips, clawed hands giving up poison and great strength." 
She responded "I'm being fine with this." 
Guardian saw Eric fell asleep and waked up sensing Niya in trouble to see Omar with guards in the room holding her with priest having a knife at her throat. 
Omar is heard while Eric is quietly getting up behind priest’s back with guards not giving him away "Eric mating with a slave girl will ruin my plans to control him in his rule over the kingdom. I will have to kill Niya like I killed this slave girl dubbed Sabba by snapping her neck and getting Eric’s venomous claws on her body while he was passed out by a sleep drug in his food and drink." 
Eric he saw appeared to get mad roared loudly surprising Omar who turned around dropping Niya from his knife hold. He grimaced as Omar is attacked by Eric who used his claws on the priest's face who appeared to die from the venom in the scratches. Guards take priest’s body away as Eric calmed down and allow Niya to hold him which he leaned his face on her head relaxing some more from her arms on him. He let Niya bring him to the bed and then they mate again.
Eric is heard speaking "I'm declaring my love to you along with hoping to have you as my equal my queen." 
Guardian watched as the scene shifted to show Eric get new priests who are brothers Kurpanov and Trevor who he recognized as the ones who helped the male from the tomb. 
He watched as a visitor a representative of the High Council via white robed form of hooded figure speaking "I am asking you about having a female and choosing her among the population." 
Eric saw Niya put tray with drinks on ottoman next to his throne chair which he got up as she knelt with head down. 
He spoke "I have already chosen a female as my queen."
Eric went to Niya pulling her up who won’t look at him. 
He kissed her on the lips and speaks "I have chosen Niya as my queen." 
Eric spoke his words while hearing a female voice spoke “I must protests to this choosing!” 
Niya he saw was stiff to the touch which he heard Eric whispered in her ear "I'm begging you to be my queen and my equal." 
He ignored the visitor took her to his bedroom to resume kissing her on the lips while feeling her really stiff. 
He pleaded with a begging tone "I want you as my queen to accept as mine." 
Niya he heard haltingly agreed in a broken voice eyes still not looking at him. He held her and brought her to the bed and mated with her. Once done night arrived fell asleep. He waked up in the sun light to discover her gone and goes out of bedroom in the buff naked as a newborn roaring for her while feeling angry. 
Kurpanov his priest is there with his guards as he roars "I want Niya now! You'll have to go out searching for her!"
His guards point out his nudity with their eyes and heads staring at him which he saw and realized that he’s not wearing clothes. He went back into bedroom put on clothes as Kurpanov followed him. He was forced by Kurpanov to eat and drink food set at a table in the room which he takes and then once getting up fell to the floor unconscious. 

Eric waked up to discover it’s night time and he was in his bed while hearing crying sounds. He saw Niya standing in front of his window appearing to be twin to the Zesky Asylum’s window and she was crying.
Eric went to Niya rubbing her back speaking "You're not leaving me again for you're as mine as my queen." 
He heard Niya speak "My father abused my mother after speaking twin words you spoke to her using the word Priestess instead of queen. My father in one of his angry rages killed my mother in front of me who I as a child ran away. I was found by the Pharaoh who had two slaves raise me and had me become a slave once I was old enough." 
He stiffened hearing the words as Niya adds "My father was Omar the priest who didn’t recognize me when he tried to have me killed. I'm afraid of suffering my mother’s fate hence myself trying to run away. A Priest named Trevor caught me and talked sense to me into revealing the truth to you." 
Eric lowered his hands went to chair appearing to be an armchair and sat staring at her as she resumed crying while continuing to stand in front of his window. He continued to stare at Niya who kneel curling into a ball while still crying away. He got up walking towards Niya to pick her up carrying her to the bed which he placed her on and pulled the blanket on her form. He got into bed wrapping his arms around her as she fell asleep which he lied awake for a bit.
Eric wound up hearing a voice "Eric get some sleep for you’ll need it."
He closed his eyes and fell asleep as if obeying the order of a Meritanian blaring onto him. 

Guardian frowned finding the scene changed to show Eric is in throne room sparring with a guard using spears. 
His guard gets his spear out of his hands then halts to speak "Pharaoh, see about picking up your weapon to resume the fight." 
Eric he saw appearing to not realizing it uses blurry speed to go to the spear picking it up. 
He heard guards around him gasp out “God.” 
The word didn’t register to Eric from the behavior which he saw the male easily dismissed but sensed him confused. 
Messenger boy arrives in room speaking "Guards have requested Pharaoh Eric to the fighting room." 
Eric agreed to go walks with guards escorting him to the room a large outdoor courtyard. 
He was surrounded by guards in a circle which one spoke “I challenged Pharaoh to a fight by spear!” which he accepted. 
He fights with the guard who got the spear out of his hands as he sensed from behind him an arrow flying towards him. He twisted to his right grabbing arrow with his right hand and with left arm blocks the wide end of the guard’s spear despite arm felt chopped off. Eric wound up feeling his chopped off arm growing again back in place. He heard a voice speak loudly halting the spar which he recognizes as the High Council member who visited him before which he sees standing with the guards. He saw another guard who have Niya with him knife at her throat and her hands are tied in front of her with ropes. Eric stared at Niya as guard with spear knocked him to a kneeling position by cutting his legs off via the knees then has blade part of spear at his throat. His legs grow again as he is kneeling. 
He heard the High Council’s member speak "Eric defied us by leaving a victim alive when victim displeased us and is pleasuring himself by the toying of us." 
Official paused as guards around Eric become silent which the official continued again "Eric was raised to be spoiled doing things his way without caring about others even hurting them if he is not happy with them." 
Guardian remembered Trevor’s mysterious God line spoken when Eric was in the sarcophagus room and guards in throne room speaking the word “God” while gasping. It dawns on him the male have a fast speed ability to move. Guardian found Eric looking away with a look in his eyes as the official continued to rant words he didn’t pay attention to. 
Eric heard guards grumble loudly “Can’t this idiot shut up?” as guard with spear swings weapon aiming at his throat. 
Eric used blurry fast speed to get up on his feet and move till he is behind the guard. Guard turned around looking for him seeing he charged with spear again swinging. Eric used his ability to move behind guard who’s spear meets air every time it swings at him. He sensed the guards surrounding him are silent as the officials are gasping loudly. This process lasts repeatedly several times till the guard with spear tossed it onto the ground then knelt with head bowed. Eric eyed Niya which he saw guard besides her cut ropes binding her with knife freeing her and then gently pushes her forward then knelt as the official and guards kneel. He kept his eyes on Niya whose eyes are staring at the ground as she hesitantly walked with halting steps towards him. He placed hands on her cheeks kissing her on the lips while feeling Niya kiss him back. He placed his arms around her in a hug then looked around at the kneeling people.
Eric spoke "I have chosen Niya as my Queen. I expect my people to accept this." 
He heard "We accept."
It's spoken in unison from the guards and official who are kneeling on the floor including voices sounding of Shad and Onya via Souler Council. 
Eric took Niya to their bedroom which she spoke "I'm pregnant." 
Eric appeared to have accepted this news with joy. Eric, during Niya’s pregnancy acted fascinated with the baby moving from inside her from having hands on her abdomen while feeling the movements. Niya once her abdomen is so swollen went into labor has a baby which is a boy with Human golden eyes and Human like hands and appearing to have inherited Eric's hair. The Guardian found the scene stopped followed by eyeing the soul in front of him for judgment. 
Guardian spoke his familiar lines “I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you on my scales your life.”
Eric found himself facing the Guardian of Life and Death “I still couldn’t describe the form of the male or Guardian of Life and Death when telling the story.” 
Instead he felt a bit of a stomach pain as a golden ball of white left his front and went to the Guardian’s clawed hand twin to his clawed hand. He found the Guardian putting the ball onto a set of scales that didn’t indicate death or life signs on it. The scales tipped to one side as he heard a shriek of joy sounding in a feminine voice tone. 
Eric frowned as the Guardian spoke “Life is chosen for you. Be gone from Egyptia to where you’ll come from.”
He found the Guardian in response putting hands over his mouth and making a blow motion as he found himself flying in the air. He saw the scene changed to show from darkness showed stars of space followed by seeing a planet in view he recognized as Jupiter from the description of it with an angry red dot on it. Eric wound up flying in space feeling nothing but wind blowing onto him moving his hair. He kept on feeling that till Jupiter moved away in a fast speed move followed by other planets coming into view that were too blurry for him to see. Till one planet came into view he recognized as planet Shadan aka Aire. Eric flew towards the planet to orbit it like a satellite. He orbited the planet and heard faint beeping noises sounding till he felt a compulsion to look into the planet focusing onto one spot. Eric found his eyes shifting like a camera showing objects planet side coming closer and closer till he found the Zesky Asylum boat in view via outside deck. Eric kept on watching as if drawn as the wind stopped followed by a green light flashing to show a figure lying on the deck he saw was himself unconscious wearing only underwear shorts and his gloves including his breathing device. He found himself unable to get into his body via held away from it via an invisible wall. There were figures coming into view he recognized later as Soulers caretakers of the Zesky Asylum. He saw the figures were males were armored clothes twin to a Zeskaya via molded form but more bulky and blue colored twin as the ocean. The Soulers had swords seen one poking Eric’s body via neck area twin to the knife poking Niya via Egyptia’s world poked him in the neck. 
Eric heard loudly in his mind “What’s gotten you to throw a hissy fit now?”
He recognized the voice as a Meritanian and assumed either Merra or Tank was talking. He didn’t realize he was transported off Terrania to Shadan aka Aire. Eric watched as there was a light show followed by a male wearing a doctor’s coat of white and blue scrubbed clothing appeared with a black bag. The male he saw had his face but had longer hair and twin gloves as his. He frowned as the male dropped the bag as if shocked then picked it up and ran towards him to yank out a device he recognized involving testing one’s blood. He found a hologram image of a picture of himself with his nasty faced picture of him baring his teeth appeared in view in front of the doctor he assumed was the male. Eric watched as one of the males he learned later to be Soulers picked him up and disappeared into a light show with the doctor. Eric found both males transported to another warship for sea vessel this time. The Souler once on arrival dropped Eric’s body onto the deck and disappeared into a light show. He watched as the doctor pulled out a whistle and blew it. Eric heard the whistle seemed loud to him. He frowned as there were figures arriving into view he recognized as Surrai from the looks of them that were twin to the Surrai from Terrania. He saw Yolly and Ander via recognition pick him up and carry him inside the warship into a large room with multiple curtains around beds with beeping machineries. He saw his body laid on top of a bed followed by the doctor ordering commands to the Surrai who were quick to obey doing some scanning of his body including injecting a milky like substance via inject able bag. Eric wound up still floating above his body still unable to get into it. He heard a scream sound of terror that was twin to a whistle and found the Surrai gathered around his body going to hide around the area some seen hiding underneath his bed using blankets and curtains to hide their forms. He frowned as the doctor remained in view with face forming a grimace he saw indicated the male was nervous but refraining from screaming out loud. Eric watched as if drawn via his left hand to find a clawed hand bony with popping veins in yellow color pick up his hand and take off his glove. 
He watched as he heard “My son!”
Eric found himself paced inside a house looking out the window he recognized belonging to his residence in Terrania’s Prussia national city of Yekaterinburg. He was pacing in response to hearing Aurelia’s screaming sounding in his ears. He recalled that Aurelia was a clone of the original of his sister despite a name changed brought to him via Kossman in a Zeskaya form who introduced them together in his residence. Eric recalled his pacing was because he couldn’t see via his all seeing one mental ability to see why Aurelia was screaming in his ears he heard while she wasn’t around him. The light was gone and the stars were shining. He grumbled remembering the argument with Raisa his paired mate on Terrania soon after Niya passed away via old age like any of the Terranian natives suffered from. It was the first time natives of Terrania had died of old age something not common among Terranian natives. Eric recalled the argument was about the book she was reading. Raisa was ignoring chores to read the book something involving some writer named Veronica Thomas to his disgust. Eric felt a compulsion to kneel obeyed to see via his seeing one mental ability of a field with houses on the street. He saw Kossman a clone of the Human formed one that the Zeskaya, Kossman introduced after transporting him to his house residence. Eric kept on focusing onto Kossman as if drawn. Kossman paused as he stood in the cold staring at the house. He adjusted his gloves and straightened his winter coat. He walked up the sidewalk in the snow towards the screened porch. He opened the door and walked towards the front door and knocked. The door opened as a man with black hair pulled back covering his ears and an Asian or Highlander like face stood dressed in blue jeans with a red sweatshirt on his form. 
The man stared at Kossman with an annoyed look on his face who spoke “I’m looking for Aurelia. Is she here?”
The man looked behind him then slowly closed the door as Kossman added “You’re not human.”
The man stared at him with the same annoyed look on his face as Kossman continued “I know what you are.” 
The door opened wider showing a young Asian woman wearing blue overalls and a white turtleneck underneath standing next to the man with arms folded like the man her black hair was pulled back covering her ears. 
Kossman spoke “Mind if I come in? I don’t want to stand in the cold.” 
The Asian man stared at the woman who gave a flick of her head and he opened the door wider. Kossman stepped inside sighing feeling the heat. He stood in the hallway as the front door closed behind him while facing the stairs winding up and followed the woman further into the house. She went through a room with a table and chairs with six Asians male and female all with their black hair pulled back covering their ears, sitting at the table writing in their notebooks while looking through books. They looked up to see Kossman with curiosity looks on their faces as he passed them following the Asian woman. They went through a doorway to reach a room with a couch facing a fireplace with a fire roaring away. There were several armchairs in the room scattered. Kossman sighed seeing Aurelia sitting on the couch with an Asian female sitting next to her. He saw that she appeared to be in the middle of teaching the female sign language with her hands while speaking the words with her voice.  Kossman waved his hands while walking towards Aurelia who noticed him turned to face him. 
He hand signed “Aurelia, you alright?”
Aurelia stared at him with a curious look as she spoke using her voice “I’m fine, what are you doing here?”     
Kossman answered signing with his hands and speaking using his voice “Your brother Eric sort of told me that you were in trouble.”
Aurelia frowned as she spoke “Eric is always worried about me. What sort of trouble did he say I was in?”
Kossman replied with both his hands and voice “Oh nothing of sorts. He was insisting that I go check on you-“
Eric heard interrupting Kossman’s talk was Merra’s blaring voice into his mind yelling “Oh no, you don’t!”
He frowned to recall himself passing out to float above his body seeing it slump to the floor of rugs and pillows from its kneeling pose. He saw Kossman via Zeskaya form appear via light show picking his body up and slung over his shoulder like great strength then transported to the underwater Zesky Asylum ship to Anya’s brain form contained in a glass tube. He saw Kossman put his body into a tube and it went horizontal showing green liquid into it covering his body that appeared to not be water to him. Eric kept on watching as if compelled to see another tube next to him fill up with green liquid that went clear as water. He gasped of shock seeing a twin of himself in that tube complete with the body form including clawed hands and was yanked out of the tube. Eric watched as Kossman got his tube horizontal and removed him to lie onto the floor which he found himself disappearing into a green light show to his confusion. Eric shook his mind of the memory as he found himself back into his body feeling something pulsing hand holding onto his clawed left hand while feeling his mind scanned via senses instead of a headache. He found his body heavy and seemed to weight too much to move. 
“My son!” Eric heard again from the alien voice he didn’t recognize at the time was Alexei Zesky’s voice via cloned form.
Eric heard a loud Humph sound followed by hearing “Excuse me but I need to attend to him medically so can you wait outside on the deck? Your presence is scaring the Surrai to hide around here.”
He frowned recognizing the voice as Kurpanov the Surrai’s but felt confusion to why Kurpanov was talking. He found the alien creepy hand released his hand followed by hearing metallic sounds of a wheelchair being glided over metallic floor followed by a whistle blast. He found Kurpanov’s voice still speaking giving commands to the Surrai running scanners over his body as he remained trapped inside unable to move or open his eyes. Eric found himself floating above his body to find two Surrai with looks of Trevor and Kurpanov via faces arrive into view that had white Shadonian eyes and with tandem behavior went to him and appeared to be mind scanning him via mind walking abilities.
Eric heard Trevor speak “Go into the light don’t be afraid.”
He recalled Trevor’s voice was twin to the Trevor in the Egyptia world he was in trapped contained by Lance Richard the God of the Underworld. Eric found himself back into his body this time breathing deeply through his nose and not wearing an oxygen tube into it. He found his rages blurring up his eyesight to whiteness as he jerked open his eyes while gasping loudly. 
Eric heard a familiar voice spoken via his ears “Alright he’s back in control so move it and help him recover now!”
He gulped for air breathing deeply as the familiar voice gave up Surrai like language wording that involved medical treatments or medical commands to him as he lay on the bed with eyes open and breathing deeply. Eric wrinkled his nose smelling salt air of the ocean that remained despite a twin smell on Terrania. He coughed and felt a hand gripping his left hand which he squeezed with effort repeatedly over and over. 
Eric didn’t comment a response as the Kurpanov’s twin’s voice spoke “Alright we have him stabilized, Raisa.”
Eric exhaled a breath feeling the hand was twin to Raisa’s via the feel onto his clawed hand. He inhaled and opened his mouth only to feel something of an oxygen mask placed over the area cutting him off. He gulped breathing into the air of the oxygen mask as Raisa’s hand was felt still holding onto his hand followed by her other hand touching him and gently kissed the area. 
He sighed and heard Raisa faintly speaking “I’ll see you when possible.”
Eric found himself passing out unconscious via oxygen’s mask till he came to feeling a hand gripping his left hand bare of gloves. He felt the hand was twin to the clawed hand’s voice speaking my son line. He frowned as there was a hand felt rubbing his forehead as he remained asleep. Eric found himself passing out unconscious again with the hands remaining gripping him. 

Eric dreamed of a memory as if drawn he didn’t realize the Meritanians put that memory there. Eric stood in his quarters with his hands on Brianna’s back. Her hands were on his cheeks and as he kissed her on the lips. He deepened the kiss when he heard banging on the door to the quarters. With a loud groan he let go of Brianna who let go of him and he went to the door opening it. Trigans with a humanoid ape form with clawed hands twin to his stood one held in the arms of two. 
The Trigan held spoke “Its Ricky. He scratched me when I tried to stop him from leaving the hallway.” 
Eric spoke “Brianna-“
She interrupted him “I heard, I’ll attend to him, go get our son.” 
Eric growled and darted down the hallway towards the doors which opened and two Trigans came stumbling out falling to knees. 
One of the Trigan spoke “Ricky went upstairs. He scratched us when we tried to stop him.” 
Eric went pass them and up the stairs. 
He stopped by doorways to peer in hallways yelling “Eric Junior!”
He walked up the stairway and froze when he heard a loud voice above of him speaking “Where you going Ricky? I’m not here to stop you. I’m curious to know where you’re going and I want to come along.” 
Eric ran up the stairs as he heard Ricky gave a loud roaring sound followed by Teorjer as the voice’s owner speaking “What’s the matter Ricky, cat got your tongue? Talk with words if you don’t want me to follow you, say so, but no roaring I’m not fluent in that.”
He paused from running to catch his breath when he heard the sound of a door opening and slamming shut followed by Teorjer speaking loudly “Eric if you’re in the stairwell, we stopped at junction number three.”
He heard a sound of door opening and slamming shut as he continued up the stairs reading writings on the doorways stopping at the desired door. Eric pulled open and walked inside entering a dim lighted hallway that was metal all around. He jogged to the open a crack door at the end and yanked it open to show Teorjer standing with arms folded. Behind Teorjer were a set of steps leading down. 
Teorjer spoke “Eric, about time you arrived. Ricky appears to be acting on compelling instincts that are controlling him to make him act like this so be careful. I can’t follow due to the darkness but you can.”
Eric looked around with night vision of green color back then to see the room was a large room with numerous thick cylinder tubes with thick wires attached to the ceiling. He could see figures floating in the tubes not moving as he darted down the steps. Eric opened his mouth to talk when he remembered Teorjer’s words and clamped his mouth shut. He passed by rows of tubes with figures floating in them, his eyes searching for Ricky. Eric paused when he heard loud beeping noises and darted towards the noise to see a tube bend down towards the floor with Ricky besides it. He reached the tube as it lay on its side to see Ricky with a strange intense look on his face walk towards the end part without wires attached. Eric paused to stare at the tube contents that held a small figure as Ricky reached the end and pressed a button on the tube console. He heard a loud beep noise followed by water splashing to see a figure come out of the tube to lie on a metal bed at the end next to Ricky. He frowned as he walked to stand next to Ricky ignoring him as his son pulled out an oxygen mask from the tube console and placed on the figure’s face. The figure, Eric saw, was a naked wet young female Highlander with long hair, about Ricky’s age lying there. 
He frowned some more as Ricky held the Highlander’s hand with his clawed hand spoke with a worried tone “Wake up Zaramia, your out of the tube.”
Eric stared at the Highlander who coughed shaking her head then opened her eyes which darted around unseeing Ricky and himself. 
He heard Ricky speak “Zaramia, its Ricky. I’m here and so is my Dad. He’ll carry you to the others where we’ll help you, won’t you Dad?” 
He gulped as Ricky turned to stare at him with an intense look of pleading on his face. 
Eric spoke as his son took off the oxygen mask on Zaramia’s face “Ricky, your going to have to explain this one of these days.” 
He stared at Ricky who pulled out a large towel like blanket from underneath the bed and gave it to Zaramia who wrapped herself in it. He walked forward and picked up Zaramia wrapped in the towel blanket then followed Ricky to the stairs. The trio went up the stairs to meet Teorjer standing at the top that pushed open the door and followed Eric carrying Zaramia following Ricky out of the room. Eric groaned feeling the familiar headache of his mind scanned from Zaramia held in his arms. 
He spoke “Zaramia, I can detect you scanning me.”   
He heard a small female voice from Zaramia speak “Oh sorry didn’t know that.” 
Eric sighed as he felt the headache left him and followed Ricky out of the hallway and down the stairs pass doorways. Eric frowned as he heard the sound of a door opening and closing from behind him as he followed Ricky down the stairs. The three reached the double doors to the hallway that led to the Hybrids’ quarters. He followed Ricky into the cafeteria and saw Brianna running towards them with a worried expression on her face. She, Eric saw, reached Ricky grabbing him in a hug while speaking “Ricky, you want to explore the place, you tell an adult and don’t go off without one of us escorting you.”
Eric sighed as he placed Zaramia down who walked up to Brianna who added “Ricky, who’s your friend here?”
He folded his arms as Ricky spoke “This is Zaramia-” 
“That’s enough of the mind manipulation now Meritanians!” He heard interrupting the dream sounding of Alexei Zesky’s voice. 
Eric frowned finding himself back into his body feeling like he could move. He felt his body was weak like it needed nourishment as his stomach growled loudly and angrily. Eric groaned loudly and jerked open his eyes finding nothing but whiteness blocking his view of seeing anything. He looked around with blindness and felt a hand still gripping his left hand. He frowned feeling the hand was bony with veins popping and seemed alien and creepy to him. Eric didn’t comment a response as the hand was felt onto his forehead he feeling his mind scanned lengthy and felt his seeing one power activated within his mind. Eric shut his eyes and focused onto his mind as if drawn to find the seen focused onto Terrania without the green moon orbiting it with a dark black moon with shiny lights coming from it. Eric kept on watching as if drawn to view the planetary world Terrania focusing onto one of the island nations. He saw signs of Akylah’s island nation influences despite it known as Prussia and had multiple Humans walking around clad in Akylah’s geared clothing but without the feathered headdresses the Akylah’s were known for. Eric kept on watching as if drawn to find Raisa wheeling her wheelchair into the city accompanied by a male covered up in blue clothing covering his face including hand a handle onto a gonoid he recognized as a dog that was following Raisa. Eric heard snickering like laughter sounding in his mind as the scene went away.
This was followed by Alexei’s voice snarling “You are always rude, you Meritanians!”
Eric frowned hearing his father’s voice as the hands removed itself from his forehead and hand followed by another pair of hands take his hand he recognized to belonged to Raisa’s via the feel. Eric frowned as Raisa in response kissed his hand via palm and kept on holding onto it in a tight grip.
He gripped in response and opened his mouth to speak and found himself saying “I’m hungry I want food.” 
Eric groaned hearing in response “His stomach is growling in response to the urges to expel instead of hunger.”
He sighed recognizing the voice as Kurpanov’s but wasn’t sure why the male sounded like his older brother. 
He figured to himself “Must be a twin created or something.”
Eric heard snickering like laughter sounding in his mind as he ignored and focused onto Raisa’s hand holding onto his hand as Surrai were felt all around him touching his body and lifting him up. He frowned as the Surrai lowered him down and he felt something onto the bed in place of his seat and got orders to expel by Kurpanov’s voice. Eric obeyed to release the toxins of water poisoning within him via ways he could till he felt like he did an enough groaned softly. He again got the familiar order by Kurpanov obeyed despite tired from the releasing of toxins and expelling till the male’s voice ordered him to stop. Eric obeyed and didn’t protest as Surrai were again felt lifting him up and washing him via areas where he expelled to his disgust and then lowered onto blankets with a blanket covering him up to his chest. He again felt Raisa’s hand still gripping his hand. Eric sighed and didn’t comment a response to Raisa’s kissing his hand again. 
He remained lying onto the bed and shut his eyes as if compelled despite hearing “Nighty night smarty.” 
The voice sounding in his mind of a Meritanian that was alien to Merra and Tank, Eric passed out unconscious. 

“The colony once full of life was silent. The compounds and towers by day were empty. But at night figures moved, like shadows dancing voices speaking alien. Crops were abandoned. The ground became bare, air was soon gone. The ground of the colony became dark rocky dirt and harsh with mountains. The natives gave it a new name and a new song sang in the colony-“
Eric heard blared into his mind as he came from a sleeping status while hearing snickering like laughter of a Meritanian sounding into his mind. 
He groaned out “Just let me sleep some more you silly Meritanian.”
Eric heard a loud ahem sound as he attempted to roll over to sleep. He felt a hand onto his shoulder shaking him awake as he jerked open his eyes. He found his eyes clear of rages but felt the feeling was still there in the back of his mind as he found his nose freed of the breathing device. Eric rolled over to face a Surrai he recognized as Yolly by name on Terrania who gave him a glare. 
He spoke “Yolly? What is it?” 
The Surrai spoke “Yolly isn’t my name. You’re wanted up from bed. Doctor Kurpanov Kossman wants to see if you can walk yourself out to the Soulers on the land deck where their, to take you home to the Zesky Asylum. I heard.”
Eric groaned softly and forced himself to get up from the bed finding his legs still strong enough to hold him. He didn’t protest to Yolly’s arm onto his shoulders holding him up and helping him walk out of the curtained area to outside. He paused when he heard thunder and lightening including rains falling in a fast move onto the warship seeing the doors open followed by heavy rain.
Eric spoke “I’m allergic to water-“
He was interrupted “Yeah I know of that allergic reaction but Doctor Kurpanov Kossman gave you a new procedure to help you tolerate water. He wants to know if your allergic reaction is gone permanently. So get into the rain now.”
Eric groaned and didn’t protest as Yolly got him outside into the rainy weather he feeling the water was pelting his skin including nothing involving water poisoning to his relief. He frowned as Yolly released him and spoke “Good luck, Eric twin.”
He frowned as Yolly without a word ran inside with the doors slamming shut in a bang sound behind the Surrai as there was a loud siren sounding loudly. He found the rainstorm quit pelting him with water and stood in the rain waiting feeling confusion hitting him to why he was outside in the weather without any clothes on and any help getting off. Eric frown feeling confusion hitting him as there was a sound of a helicopter heard focused onto the sky clearing of clouds to show a helicopter flying in the air. He watched as the helicopter landed onto the deck of the warship followed by a Souler coming out that gestured towards him to get inside. He obeyed despite not having any choice to do it to find the Soulers inside buckling him up via straps and balking giving him any clothes for his privates. Eric sighed and focused out the window as if drawn to find the helicopter flying in the air going passed the warship that looked like a large navy vessel of the United States’ navy. He frowned as there were three Meritanian plants in the ocean sitting in a row followed by an island chain in view then the ocean that seemed vast and lengthy to his annoyance. Eric kept on eyeing the ocean as if compelled finding Orca fish flying out of the water he recognized as evolved Trigans, twin forms to Raisa via Humanoid forms. He recalled the Trigans evolved from their Humanoid ape forms with clawed hands into humanoids that could shift forms into Orcas in the ocean and back to Humans in forms twin to Raisa via faces with black oily clothes and long black hair with white skins. He frowned as he looked onto the horizon to spot a city into view via lighthouse and saw the familiar Zesky sea boat docked at the harbor of a vast metallic city he didn’t recognized. Eric learned later was dubbed New Jasonville City, not sure why it was named that instead of New York City. Eric grimaced as the helicopter landed onto the deck of the Zesky Asylum followed by him forced out of the vehicle. He again smelled salt air and frowned when his eyesight clouded up in whiteness and gave up roaring fits in response to his angry feelings hitting him. Eric found the Soulers escorting him managed to get him inside the Zesky Asylum into the sea boat he feeling himself guided to somewhere he recalled was where Anya’s brain was contained and where there were tubes of manoids contained. Eric found his roaring hissy fit quit to his relief to look with night vision in his eyesight of the color of purple with manoids appearing to be pink to his shock. He frowned as he was led to a tube holding a brain organ inside with wires jutting from the brain organ into machinery surrounding it. Eric frowned as he was brought to a green light belonging to one of the machinery attached to the brain and forced to stand with its light blaring into his eyes. 
He grimaced fully with annoyance fully into his mind as there were shrieking sounds of shock including hearing “How did that happen?!”
Eric frowned hearing the voice sounded electronic and machinery in beeping noises sounding odd to him. He found the Souler escort removed him from the green light and got him to the stairwell. 
He glimpsed a figure asleep contained into a tube of green liquid he gulped recognizing the figure as himself and realized what Yolly meant by his words “Eric twin.”
Eric spoke as he was brought out of the room “What did you do to me?”
He found his question unanswered as he was forced out of the room by the Soulers rough with their handling as he paused to glare at a tube holding a twin to his body. Eric found his efforts to point out the tube blocked by the Soulers growling heard of anger and hauling him out of the room some felt carrying him out. He grunted in response as he was carried out of the room as his rages hit again. Eric gave up roaring noises including repeating his question over and over till he was unceremonious dumped onto padded floor and left alone. Eric shook his head of his roaring fits and forced himself to kneel with eyes shut forcing himself to mediate the angry feeling away from him. He found his mediation helped soon the angry feeling left him followed by a piece of cloth tossed onto his front while hearing a throat clearing noise. Eric opened his eyes and found himself thrust pants he saw was twin to his stay at the Zesky Asylum’s padded room by a Souler giving him an all blue eyed glare. He obeyed to put on the pants then found the Souler faded from view along with a door slamming sound. He growled an annoyed sound and forced himself to kneel in response to his angry mood hitting him. Eric focused onto his seeing one mental ability to found a memory arriving within his mind. He saw was himself yanked from a slumped over position while holding a dead Niya’s hand that appeared to have died of old age. He kept on watching via his mind as Eric himself appeared to be too grief stricken to acknowledge anything around him including Kossman lifting him up and appearing into the Zesky Asylum’s room for the dead to lie preserved. Eric kept on seeing via his mind of Eric himself, the original of his twinning status, forced into a tube and appeared to be unconscious without any protest and appeared to have fallen asleep. Kossman in Zeskaya form got him to sleep followed by the male going to Anya’s brain organ contained in a tube. He kept on watching as Kossman went to another tube showing a figure inside he saw was he clad in nothing while surrounded of green liquid. He kept on watching as himself was yanked out followed by showing a round mark on his back he saw involved Aurelia and Human Kossman when he spied onto them and their backs during them undressing. He stiffened as if shocked to reach a bare hand behind his back while seeing that image in his mind. Eric felt the familiar round marking onto his back and exhaled a breath feeling it. He removed his hand and kept on focusing onto the memory till a hand patted his cheek. Eric felt the hand seemed familiar like Raisa’s patting him awake while hearing her familiar throat clearing noises. He jerked open his eyes with a loud gasp to see with shock Raisa standing in front of him instead of sitting in her familiar wheelchair.
Eric spoke “You twinned me?”
He found Raisa in response rolling her eyes and removing her hand and speaking ‘The term is clone and it its cloning not twinned.”
Eric exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak as Raisa added beating him “What do you remember of Eric, you’re original to your cloned status hmm?”
Groaning he spoke the memory fully in mind while seeing Raisa grimace as if she was receiving bad news. 
He spoke “Where am I since I’m not on Terrania anymore?”
He eyed Raisa who spoke in response “I’m your Raisa but a cloned version of her who can walk without a wheelchair help.”
He sighed and didn’t comment a response as Raisa added as if answering his question “You’re on planet Aire aka Shadan the former Shadonian species’ home world before they devolved into Tennans and before Edenia the moon world arrived to orbit with Humania.”
Eric groaned but didn’t comment a response as his roaring fit arrived within him again. He shut his eyes and forced himself to mediate the angry feeling away from him and found it helped but he was still angry. 
Eric opened his eyes to focus onto Raisa who took one of his bare hands and spoke “Come with me now.”
Eric obeyed to hand and hand guided by Raisa walking normally with him walking out of the room to a patient room belonging to the Zesky Asylum. He didn’t protest as he was handed clothes to wear that felt twin to his Sun Lord uniform on Terrania. He obeyed to put them on but found the hood was gone to his annoyance recalling he was cloned to accepted water as a part of his system instead of poisoning him. He heard a dog barking sound as his raging angry hissy fit hit him again. He felt like his clone on Terrania felt meeting his assistance dog Delancy for the first time. Delancy or clone of the dog was felt sniffing his private followed by going to his left side and felt standing there. Eric wound up given instructions on caring for Delancy as the dog was named by a Surrai sounding of Liam to him. He recalled the instructions were twin to what Hades aka Nikolas Visser told him for his original Delancy dog. Eric found Delancy accepting him as his master including helping him see as an assistance service dog whenever he got rage episodes blinding him. 
Raisa got him and Delancy out of the room to the land deck of the sea boat and heard her speaking “Merra transport us both to the Souler Council now.”
He sighed hearing her speaking Merra as he was transported with Raisa off the land deck into a vast ceiling height room with two figures on steps with forms that made him grimace. Eric heard whining from Delancy in response to his angry fit clouding up his eyes. He focused within his mind via seeing one ability as Delancy was still sticking close to him. He saw a male form of a manoid with white skin and black eyes with black hair and wings of white with a brown skirt covering the sensitive parts with a sword in hand that bowed his head once he eyed him. He saw the male manoid was accompanied by a female with purple colored skin and white hair and white eyes like a Shadonian and had a Shadonian appearance on her face and clothes of blue twin to a Souler. He frowned finding her bowing her head in response while holding a spear in her hands. 
Eric heard from the winged male speaking “Welcome to Aire to the Souler Council.”
He frown finding figures of robed hooded blue behind the two manoids seated on stone seats while noticing a figure in the middle different from the others. He eyed the figure he saw was clad in black hooded robe with yellow bony hands seen that made him grimace.
Eric frowned as Raisa spoke “This is Shad the male that speaks for the males of the Souler Council and this is Onya the female that speaks for the females of the Souler Council. Don’t mind their mind walking abilities and their mind walking servants the Meritanians speaking too.”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to hear blaring “Hello Eric. So we meet again after Terrania to planet Aire.”
Eric inhaled recognizing Tank’s voice blaring along with hearing the Meritanian’s words echoed by Merra he feeling relieved to hear both Meritanians blaring in his mind. He sighed and focused onto the Souler Council as if needing to do it waiting for further orders for him to do. Their orders as always include telling stories involving his life on Terrania as remembered by Meritanians manipulating him. 

Chapter Four: Story’s Aftermath
Eric quit telling his tale by Delancy whining again. 
He spoke firmly “Delancy has to go again.”
Eric heard Delancy quit whining to growl angrily as he got up from the metallic chair for storytellers to sit, gripping the harness while sensing the dog was angry about something. 
He spoke “Delancy heel!”
Eric found Delancy obeying but kept up the faint growling noises. He focused onto the Souler Council to find their Speakers making defensive movements with sword and spear in front of them. Eric found his familiar rages taking control blocking his eyesight of seeing what he could see. He shut his eyes and focused onto via mind to see the Falcons appear via hidden status holding an invisible figure in their hands who was growling familiar. Eric heard the growl sounded of Mindbender in an angry voice tone to him. 
He felt a hand grip his other hand to find Raisa standing next to him standing who spoke “Merra transport us both to where we’re to live as our residence now.”
Eric found himself with Raisa transported to the Zesky Asylum as his rages quit taking control. He wound up finding Raisa in response letting go of his hand and running off the deck diving into the water. He glimpsed an Orca accompanied by other Orcas in the water as he groaned and found Delancy making his familiar bathroom noises. Eric recalled ordering Delancy to use the deck as his bathroom finds the dog obeying to his order. He went into the Zesky Asylum via open doors with the light shining awaiting his arrival with three Soulers standing at the entrance with pleading expressions on their faces. Eric sighed seeing the pleading expressions involved him leading them as a physical leader in place of Alexei Zesky, Eric’s Father whose body was destroyed but brain organ intact contained into a tube like Anya’s. He sighed and entered the Zesky Asylum once Delancy finished his bathroom business. Eric went inside and didn’t protest as the three familiar Soulers, clones of Kurpanov, Trevor and Eric, smiled and patted him on the shoulders in response. He groaned again once the rages hit and found Delancy guiding him to his quarters actually a patient room in the Zesky Asylum while feeling Soulers on the way patting him on the shoulders. Eric once inside his quarters went to free Delancy from the harness and leash then went to his armchair to sit leaning back. He sighed and waited for the Meritanians to give him their familiar sleepy command. 
Eric eyed his bed once his eyesight was clear of the rages to recall told by Raisa “Your seeing one power will make you forget yourself if you lie down. So sleep leaning into a sitting position via chair leaning back or kneel and you’ll keep your wits to yourself.”
Eric had obeyed finding Delancy getting onto his bed and using it as his own bed. He ignored Delancy standing down from his guardian order without a verbal command to sit onto his bed and appeared to have fallen asleep. Eric groaned and forced himself to lean back shutting his eyes willing himself to sleep despite inclined to sit with eyes open. He heard thunder and lightening booming loudly along with the swaying rocking of the sea boat in response. Eric ignored the thunder and lightening to stare at the ceiling finding a Tennan on it waving a clawed hand. 
He shut his eyes and forced himself to mediate as if needing to do it till he heard in his mind “Nighty night Smarty!”
Eric found the voice sounded of Ramses as always and found himself hit with sleepiness hitting him.
His last thought as always “Just hoping that tomorrow will bring more stories for me to speak about.”
Eric heard nothing in response from the Meritanians to his thinking thought instead heard the familiar snickering like laughter and found himself passing out unconscious. 

The End?
