ICON OF PARADISE
By
Lawrence Caldwell


Book One in the Paradise Series

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Copyright © Lawrence Caldwell, 2021

Look for These Other Titles by Lawrence Caldwell
AEVALIN AND THE AGE OF READVENTURE
Klause Schuar, the Grand Bastard
Trials on the Isle of Morr
Knight of Aevalin
Errant Adventurer
Kingdom of the Blue Dragon
THE JINNI AND THE ISEKAI
The Jinni and the Isekai
The Black Cobra of Mar’a Thul
Coil and Strike
The Sultan of Darshuun
Sultan’s Legacy
ANARCHO
Fracture Rating
Hussy
Landfill Lich
Rescue Operation
Dreams of Forever
THE PRINCESS AND THE MAGICIAN
The Wind Steppe Princess and the Amalfi Magician
PARADISE
Icon of Paradise
OTHER TITLES
Wakiagau
Haven
Teisatsusha
Blackwood Company
Littlehand Hakuria
Attack on the Spire Keep
The Reconnoiters
Skydrift
Acheron

"Something is coming. You can feel it, can’t you? That we are creeping toward the edge… and there will be a reckoning. That is why we started The Project. Because we know what happens next. They will come. They will try to take from us. Take our guns, take our freedom. Take our faith. We will not let them. We will not let their greed, or their immorality, or their depravity hurt us anymore! There will be no more suffering!"—Joseph Seed, Far Cry 5

PART ONE
“Engage in combat fully determined to die and you will be alive; wish to survive in the battle and you will surely meet death.”—Uesugi Kenshin

Chapter One—Give and Take
With thunder rumbling overhead, Ichiro glanced up into the trees, and though the crack in the canopy he could see that the clouds were black and angry.
The storm would be a bad one—as they usually were during the early summer months. He glanced about through the tall grass near the base of the tree, hoping he might find a nice big patch of mushrooms.
But there was nothing.
The military lockdown hadn’t lifted ever since the nation-wide riots, resulting in the deaths of tens of thousands across the country.
With martial law in effect, it was hard to get around. If caught, Ichiro would surely suffer a beating as well as imprisonment.
To this date, no one understood why Empress Akamine had gone from a benevolent ruler to a despot with an iron grip.
But there are a lot of rumors.
Nothing that could be relied upon completely. One such rumor that did have some small amount of credence was that after she had hit her head during her trip north, something had knocked loose, and now—for whatever reason—she had lost all sense of empathy for the people of Paradaisu.
And there were a hundred more just like it.
Something buzzed next to his ear preceding a sharp pinch at his neck. Grunting with the sudden pain of the bug bite, Ichiro smacked the back of his neck hard enough to make his skin smart. When he brought his hand back there was a small splatter of blood and bug guts on his fingers.
It was too bad they couldn’t eat mosquitos.
But really, this was all Governor Madison’s fault. She had been particularly vehement in the lockdown of her region—forcing everyone to stay home and to bring their required passes before attempting to travel into any part of the city that she allowed access to. Often permission was rejected, leaving people stranded or despondent.
Acceptable travel locations were based on your city district, regardless of your need to leave those accepted areas. This had forced most out of work.
The economy was dead.
The rations trucks had come by daily. 
Then they missed a few days. That was shocking 
Eventually a weekly routine had been established for some time.
But when the trucks started not coming all together on some weeks, the frequency of their missed stops more frequent and in longer intervals, it begame clear to Ichiro that the people couldn’t count on the government for assistance—assistance for a problem they had created with their military lockdowns.
He wasn’t certain weather the riots had been part of the plan by the Paradaisu Resistance Forces—but even had they been, Empress Akamine’s response to scramble anti-personnel mechs in every district had been an insane order.
Ichiro had been a part of those protests—or rather, he had been present—but luckily for him, never saw any action up close. Those that did were dead or too scared to ever go out and protest again.
He shuffled through the wet grass and went down the hill toward the other trees and found a nice big clump of the edible mushrooms. He put them in his satchel, their pungent scents filling his nose as he picked them. Yuki would be ecstatic.
Ichiro’s stomach rumbled.
As he rubbed it, he glanced up at the sound of harsh voices coming from the roadside up ahead.
Narrowing his eyes, Ichiro stepped forward through the tall grass, a view of the city beyond was bright and beautiful in the shining sun. It was the black clouds on the other side that threatened to destroy all the mushrooms.
But new ones would grow.
“I told you to show me your ID!”
Narrowing his eyes, Ichiro stalked forward silently as the all-terrain vehicle came into view. It was a Madison Army vehicle. It looked like they had stopped a man on foot. 
“Are you a resistance fighter?”
“What?” the man asked in surprised. “Of course not! I told you. My name is John Dawson and I forgot my pass and identification card at home.”
“You know what the penalty for this is?” the other soldier asked as he came up around the man called Dawson and hit him in the back with the butt of his assault rifle.
Grunting, he went down to one knee as the other soldier searched through his pockets. He struggled somewhat, but the soldier who hit him pointed his weapon. If he continued to resist, they would shoot him.
It had happened before.
A few times.
“What’s this?” the second soldier said as he lifted something. “It looks like a military dispatch. You’re a residence fighter spy!”
“No I’m not!”
The first soldier turned around. Ichiro ducked out of sight, but the soldier cried out. “Stop! Come out now, or I will shoot you!”
Shit.
With his hands raised, Ichiro stepped out of the grass and into the rood. “Come here!” the soldier said. They were both wearing urban uniforms containing a mixture of black, grey and green in the fabric. As Ichiro approached the soldier asked, “Are you with him?” and jerked his head toward Dawson.
Glancing at the spy… or the resistance fighter—whatever he was, Ichiro shook his head. 
“You are lying! We’re taking you in for questioning.”
“I am not with him,” Ichiro said. “I am just out gathering mushrooms. Look, you can see them in my—“
“DON’T MOVE OR I WILL SHOOT!”
He froze.
“Stop!” the other guard growled suddenly. “I said stop!” 
They were struggling and then suddenly Dawson grabbed the soldier’s rifle, thrust it away and punched him.
The second soldier turned to help his comrade, and that’s when Ichiro made a split second decision. If this man was killed, it would harm the resistance—if in fact he was a resistance fighter.
If Dawson killed one or both of the soldiers, they would want to make an example of him, and likely Ichiro too, even if he wasn’t a part of this resistance fighter’s party.
Heart thundering in his chest, Ichiro lunged forward, grabbing the soldier about to stop Dawson by the neck and locking his arm around him.
Struggling and grunting, the guard fired off his rifle into the air as he brought his elbow painfully into Ichiro’s ribs.
Suddenly Dawson turned and the soldier in Ichiro’s grasp stiffened, then went slack as he fell to the assault
Ichiro’s eyes went to the bloody blade in the other man’s hand. Breathing heavily, Dawson said, “Thanks for that.”
Ichiro’s first reaction was to pick up the fallen assault rifle.
What have I done?
“Who are you?” Ichiro asked. “Are you really in the PRF?”
Nodding, the man spilled his guts. “I am. I’m carrying urgent dispatches to my commander.”
“You are not a very good spy.”
“Who said anything about being a spy?” the man said with a grin. “By the way, my name is Dawson. John Dawson.” He put out his hand.
Ichiro took it, but didn’t reveal his name in turn.
“You are very carefree with your name.”
“I’m a residence fighter,” he said. “I’m wanted dead or alive anyway.”
Ichiro nodded. “I have saved you.”
“Thank you.”
Ichiro was not one to gloat, but he saw this as a sudden opportunity. He had things to do, and now that he had killed a soldier to save this man’s life, he figured Dawson owed him a favor. “Now you will do something for me.”
“Listen,” Dawson said as he glanced about. “We better get off the road.” He moved and got into the all-terrain vehicle. “Come on, I know where we can stash this thing.”
Ichiro looked at him for a moment, then decided to get in. “You will help me.”
His statement was not a question. But the other man didn’t seem to realize that when he said, “Yeah—when I can. Sure.”
“No,” Ichiro said. “You would be dead right now if it weren’t for me, and dead now is what you will be if you do not help me.”
“Well shit, are you a samurai or something—threatening me like that?”
You’re not far off.
Ichiro looked at him, his eyes narrowing.
“All right, all right. What do you need me for?”
“We are going to hit a food truck.”
He chortled, his eyes widening slightly. “Is that all?” Dawson asked.
Ichiro nodded. 
“Sure…” He nodded. “Sure, I’ll help you.”
“Then let’s go.”
John Dawson drove the all-terrain vehicle off the road where they wouldn’t be seen by more members of Governor Madison’s army.

Chapter Two—Induced Hardship
Three years ago…
Ichiro strode slowly through the open square with his shoulders slumped. 
Yuki looked at him. She was dressed in a black mini skirt and tall boots, her shirt a white blouse with two buttons undone at the top.
“It’ll be all right, Ichi,” she said as she put a hand on his shoulder.
In this heat, he didn’t welcome the touch, but he said nothing. He didn’t care. It was over—his whole life was over.
“I was dishonorably discharged,” he growled. “What part of that is all right with you?”
Her eyes widened, but she didn’t shy away from his angry outburst. “It’s okay to be angry.”
He growled.
Those fools in the military didn’t know what it was like on the ground—when you were the one with the knife—you had to make certain calls.
He wouldn’t tell Yuki what those calls were, but they had involved some questionable actions according to his superiors, and on top of that, he had disobeyed orders.
But Ichiro was no stranger to disobeying orders. When things went well, his superiors had looked the other way, but this time things had not gone well, through no fault of his own.
The op simply went bad, and now Ichiro had been used as one of the scapegoats so someone else wouldn’t lose his job.
As an assassin, he wasn’t far off from actually considering a revenge killing, but then what would be the point? To make Ichiro feel better?
Not good enough.
Yuki nattered on, but he couldn’t hear any of the things she was saying while he was trapped in his own thoughts, though occasionally he nodded, just to make a show of acknowledgement.
“Are you even listening to me?!” 
Gods, she was loud.
On a building near their right, the large screen there flicked to another broadcast featuring Empress Akamine. People in the square gasped and pointed. 
“Mom, look!” one little boy said as he pointed.
“Oh my gods!” Yuki exclaimed. “Ichiro!”
He turned just as Akamine began to speak. 
“Good people of Paradaisu,” she said, standing and flanked by her governors and military advisors.
Ichiro noticed it immediately. Something was wrong, something very, very wrong. Empress Akamine was in full military dress and upon her head was a white barrette with the symbol of Paradaisu on the front—an oni mask with crossed katanas.”
“This is your Empress Mamiko Akamine. I come to you with this broadcast with a heavy heart. Things have come to light within my sphere of knowledge as your ruler that I cannot ignore. Not any longer! I wish I could tell you what these things are—but I can’t.”
Ichiro straightened as he glanced at Yuki, then back to the screen.
“Effective immediately all travel into and out of Paradais will be halted.  Indefinitely!”
“What?!” Yuki screeched. “What is she talking about? My brother is outside of the country right now.”
“Furthermore,” Empress Akamine said, “The possession of physical assets such as property, vehicles and other items is now illegal.”
Everyone in the square was looking up at the broadcast, a look of utter shock and confusion on their slack jawed faces. 
“Is this real?” one man asked.
“It’s a hacked broadcast,” another said.
“How can this be possible?”
“I do this,” the empress continued, “not as a tyrant, but as loving ruler. The people of Paradaisu are weak!” She said the words with a note of scorn. “You must be made strong once again!”
Then she laughed—she actually laughed!
Ichiro was blown out of his shoes—but he made no move that showed his absolute surprise.
“I want to further iterate to my people—that this broadcast is absolutely real. I may or may no longer be sane, you’re thinking. Either way, do not think that you can escape this. For weeks I have been positioning various members of my Council of Divines throughout the country. As of right now during this broadcast the Imperial Army is working with the greatest of the Divines to erect a barrier over Paradaisu. You. Cannot. Leave! To further show to you the veracity of this broadcast, I have ordered my regional governors to scramble their militaries and to impose martial law within every corner of the land.”
Her face hardened.
“This—you must know—is the truth. I hope you—my people, can become strong within this time of induced hardship—and further hardships to come. This is only the beginning. That is all!”
With those parting words, the broadcast shut off and everyone turned about, glancing at their friends and loved ones, wondering what that was about. Some people laughed, while others broke down in tears or starting running.
“Ichi,” Yuki said. “Do you think that’s real?”
He looked at her, knowing that it was—and that he would, probably very soon—be dragged into this conflict. Not as a fighter for the Imperial Army like before.
But against it.
Everything is falling apart.
“Ichi? Ichi?!”
Glancing at her, he said, “We’re done.”
She flinched. “What?”
“I said we’re fucking done! I don’t want you anymore—don’t you get it!”
Her eyes went wide and her jaw dropped, then her face melted into a sob.
Ichiro walked away.
 “Fine!” Yuki screamed at his back. “I never liked you that much anyway, Ichiro Kasai!”
As he walked on, shoulders slumped, the military alarms started blaring through the city. 

Chapter Three—Resistance Action
John drove the truck, mostly over the hills and through fields, avoiding the main roads whenever possible.
The sound of jet engines filled the sky and Ichiro glanced up into the greyness. Leading an exhaust trail, a winged mech crossed over them, unaware of who they were and what they were doing. The mech had probably been called to another area to bolster defense or provide an intimidating front against the residence fighters pocketed throughout the region.
And as if he had read Ichiro’s mind, Dawson asked, “You’re not in the residence?”
Ichiro glanced at him and shook his head.
“Why not?”
“This conflict has not yet called to me.”
Dawson looked at him skeptically. “I don’t see why not. The empress has lost her mind. Daily calls for the residence to end are broadcast all over the country, and yet she won’t tell anyone why she has closed the country, or why she’s starving us of both food and work. Hells, if you break her mandates you go to prison or get a firing squad!”
“It is strange.”
“Even you can see it,” Dawson said as they hit a bump and Ichiro was jounced out of his seat. “Sorry.”
“We are almost there. Go straight and take the second right.”
“Okay. Where are we going?”
“It is a secluded road.” He glanced down at his assault rifle he had looted off the dead guards. “A military truck with a single escort laden with food passes along that road like clockwork every day.”
“That’s the one you want to hit?”
Ichiro nodded as they drove along the road at a fast clip. After a short time they came to the spot and Dawson pulled off the road. 
“No,” Ichiro said. “Park in the middle. We can use this vehicle to halt the truck when it comes around the bend.”
“All right,” Dawson said with a nod as he backed the vehicle into the road.
Ichiro got out and double checked his weapon, then he went to the back of the all-terrain vehicle and took some spare magazines for his rifle from the ammo crate.
“Cross fire,” he said. “I will hide behind the vehicle. Then he pointed. “You, behind those trees. Wait until I start firing, then open up on them.”
He nodded, clearly practiced at this kind of basic maneuver. “You’re definitely a military man. You know what you’re doing.”
“Mm,” Ichiro noised with a nod. 
“All right,” Dawson said. “I’ll be in the trees.”
“Quickly,” Ichiro said. “I think I hear the truck now.”
As the resistance fighter ran off the road and into the trees, Ichiro glanced at the stormy horizon behind the seaside city one last time, then he ducked behind the all-terrain military vehicle.
The transport truck with the military escort—another all-terrain just like the one Dawson and Ichiro had stolen could be heard coming around the bend.
Ichiro pulled back the slide on his assault rifle to put the first active round into the chamber.
As the escort pulled up, its lights flashing over Ichiro, he pulled his rifle close. The vehicle stopped, then sounded its horn.
“What is this?” one man bellowed.
As soon as Ichiro heard the door open, he stood up aimed down his rife sights and shot the driver who was stepping out. He jerked convulsively and fell as Ichiro took aim on the second soldier and put two rounds into his chest.
The truck snorted, indicating the driver changing gears. 
Ichiro put two shots into the driver-side window while Dawson opened up on the right-side cab door. Because he couldn’t see the driver due to the blinding headlights from the escort, Ichiro squeezed off six more shots through the truck windshield, aiming slightly high so he didn’t waste his bullets shooting the engine block.
They both stopped firing and all was quiet, save for the idling of the cars.
Ichiro stood up straight and walked around the escort vehicle, stepping over the body of the driver. Without bothering to open the cab door first, he put a few more rounds through it to make sure the driver was dead.
When he opened the door, the soldier fell out heavily, his body like so many of the limp sacks of food in the back. Except with a lot of seeping blood.
John came around the front. “We need to hurry,” he said. “All this shooting is bound to alert somebody in the area.”
“Worse,” Ichiro said, “it’s bound to attract the attention of collaborators.”
“Shit!”
“There is nothing worse than a collaborator.”
Dawson laughed. “You’re telling me?”
After they moved the two all-terrain vehicles off the road, Dawson and Ichiro drove the truck forward, taking a winding path across various roads. Dawson was at the wheel while Ichiro, rifle at the ready and twice the ammo they had before, prepared to defend the truck.
“If they send a mech for us, we’re done,” Dawson said nervously.
“We are far enough away now that they won’t know this is the truck.”
Dawson glanced at him, a worried look on his face. “None of this is even bothering you is it?”
Of course it was. His heart rate was up—he was nervous. He just didn’t let it show. In fact, despite knowing his reactions were natural, he was somewhat shamed, because of his training.
But it had been some time before he had exercises that training.
Even so, the body reacted the way the body reacted. If the mind was not constantly honed to tell the body what to do during intense situations, that fast reaction and lack of physical response was impossible to maintain.
“We are fine.”
I hope so,” Dawson said. “Now what, we drop this food off and then I can be on my way?”
“Yes.”
“All right,” Dawson said. “Where do you want me to go?”

Chapter Four—National Coalition of Organized Protests
Three years ago…
Maybe it was because he was a military man—and had been most of his life—but Ichiro didn’t feel like he had a swan in this stream.
He was a civilian now, so logically he had as much of a stake in what the future would bring as the rest of the citizenry—something his training should have made him aware of.
Or rather, more invested in.
Ichiro knew full well that on a logical level, he should be as worried and outraged as the rest of the people, but instead, he followed along as an observer, a watcher from afar.
There were millions of people out on the streets in every region of the country, protesting Empress Akamine’s decrees.
And everywhere Ichiro looked, there were police and soldiers in thick cordons, ready to act. They were concentrated in the cities, but even in rural districts protests were raging on, fueled from a grassroots level.
As the military lockdowns tightened, forcing many to be without work, so did the aggressive action of the protestors in getting outside and voicing their confusion and concerns.
Ichiro didn’t like so much noise—at least not this kind. He didn’t mind the noise of battle, of dying men and guns being fired.
But crowds of people chanting or angrily shouting, wore him down quickly.
Right now he was up on a hilltop overlooking Capri Asuna, the city so named for its two founders more than two-hundred years prior. How Ichiro knew that, he had no idea, but perhaps the city had some military relevance he had long forgotten about when he was at the Imperial Academy.
The main thoroughfare was devoid of cars because of the lockdown, so now the streets were being used as walkways. The associated press had said that today there were nigh on two-hundred-and-fifty-thousand protestors in this district alone.
Pockets of violence had erupted, but were quickly quelled, mostly by the NCOP internal security forces, of which consisted of little more than men and women who kept an eye on things, but they carried neither weapons nor the authority to make arrests.
And the NCOP certainly had no prisons for particular unruly protestors. It was for this reason that these men and women were working closely with the regional and national police forces.
Some people complained that that was a conflict of interests—and perhaps it was, but the NCOP had no other choice but to work with the police—who were largely on the Empress’ side—when dealing with these issues.
A bad mix if ever Ichiro saw one.
Something about the crowd changed.
It was hard to tell, but Ichiro noticed a slight upheaval, a slight change in the pitch of the chanting crowds.
Something was wrong.
But what?
When the fires started climbing the Overwatch Building, the police began to intervene. And then the military.
The massive surge of crowds swarmed across the road and through the city. On the airways, Ichiro listened as reports of violence from the entire district erupted. 
“Firebombs!” the radio host said. “The protesters have brought firebombs and some are mixed within the crowds wielding knives and pipe bombs.”
An explosion rocked the streets ahead.
Ichiro was in the park up on a hill, a place that was relatively out in the open, and so because of this, he was somewhat safe from stampeding protestors screaming in fear for their lives.
The police launched teargas, then stun grenades. Before long the entire city block was a fog of violence and chocking fumes. 
When automatic weapons fire tore through the crowd at the cops, he crouched low, and glanced about for his exit.
As he left the populated area and went into the forest, the mechs arrived, firing lasers and anti-personnel rounds.
It was that evening when reports of violence at the hands of the protestors was announced on the local news stations. Every single anchor and reporter said the same thing: Protestors became violent and began to attack the police, and after they got involved, the military as well.
Empress Akamine had no choice but to give her regional governors the authority to defend themselves and their precincts—for the protection of the people, they said.
But it was all too neatly wrapped up—reported with nearly the same language from every outlet. Something about it smelled like a greasy rat from out of the lowest sewers in Paradaisu. Ichiro didn’t need confirmation. It was something everyone knew—something that—even had they rejected it in words, deep down understood.
It was later that night when the empress came on the live airways and announced stricter policies concerning the military lockdowns and the full implementation of martial law. 
All civilians were to stay indoors—not to coalesce into groups larger than ten people, weather indoors and especially outdoors. Leaving one’s house was forbidden except for the strictest need.
The police and the military were given the authority to detain or even kill any unruly mobs or individual dissenters that threatened the public good.
 

Chapter Five—The Family
They had parked the truck in an empty warehouse while Ichiro, John, Harlan, Carter and Joji unloaded the food.
Ichiro had felt somewhat concerned when the neighbor spotted them in the truck, his eyes narrowing suspiciously. Goda had never looked at them like that before, so why did he have that hostility in his eyes?
“Ichiro?” Joji asked.
“Mm?”
“Do you think Goda-san will be a problem?”
I hope not.
“I don’t know,” he said. “We should keep an eye on him.”
Dawson smiled. “How about you offer to give him some food? If he’s feeling a little jealous, an offering might make him think twice about doing something stupid.”
“I do not think it is jealousy,” Joji said with a shrug. “He’s concerned that we will bring the Madison Army down on us.
Ichiro sighed. “The more people who see us—the more of them we give food—the more the word spreads.”
John nodded. “I understand, but in this case, I don’t think you have a choice.”
Nodding, Ichiro said, “Go and invite him here then, Joji.”
“All right,” the older man said with a nod. It was hot and he was wearing only shorts, sandals and a sleeveless shirt, while Ichiro wore similar clothes, though he wore voluminous trousers cut off just above the ankle and his shirt was not sleeveless.
He wiped his brow and turned at the sound of footsteps. 
“Ichiro.”
It was old lady Mamaia. She had six grandchildren and she was the friendliest old lady Ichiro had ever met. “You did not have to come all the way out here,” he said in protest. “The rains are coming.”
“Oh,” she said as she shook him off. “My old bones can handle a bit of walking—and I’ve walked through many a rain in my day, boy.”
“Hmm.”
She smiled, most of her teeth missing. She looked like she was a thousand years old at least, but her chipper demeanor and high energy made her somewhat of an anomaly—often making Ichiro laugh. 
That was a thing he didn’t do often.
Smiling, he said. “We will bring food—for you and the children.”
She touched his arm and nodded. “You’re like the son I never had, Ichiro.”
“But you have seven children!”
“Ah,” she said, tilting her head. “All girls.” She raised her arms in defeat, but then looked up at him. “Having three grandsons more than makes up for it.”
He nodded.
“It’s nice to meet you,” Dawson said as he put out a hand. She took it lightly “John Dawson. I met Ichiro just today. Can you say with confidence that he’s a good man?”
“What?” she asked, stressing the syllables of the word as her shock was evident. “Of course this sweet boy is wonderful. Always so helpful. The last time the food trucks didn’t come, he went out and found us so many mushrooms. He came back and made a big pot of stew. Where he found the meat, I don’t know. I’m not entirely certain I want to know.” She chortled.
Dawson smiled.
The rains began to pour down heavily atop the warehouse. “We need to get this truck out of here,” Ichiro said. 
“Hiding food in the cellar is one thing, but if we get caught with this truck, we’re going to be in a lot of trouble.” John scratched his head. “I still need to get to my commander.”
“We will dump the truck,” Ichiro said, then tomorrow, I will help you get to your people.”
John nodded.
“Oh,” Mamaia said. “You’re with those resistance boys, aren’t you?”
“Umm…” Dawson said nervously. “Yeah.”
He was young, but smiling like that made him look even younger than he was. She patted his arm. “Then you be careful, you hear?”
He nodded. “Yes, ma’am.”
Nodding her approval, she turned and strode away in a shuffle.
“Come on,” Ichiro said as he got into the truck. 
Carter and Joji opened the gates. Joji saluted them on their way out and Ichiro nodded. Harlan glanced back and forth up on the road, then turned and beckoned them forward. John drove the truck out.
“Take the left,” Ichiro said as rain smacked the windshield. It sounded like little pebbles hitting the glass. “I know a good place to dump the truck.”
“You’re well-liked back there,” John said with a grin. “If it wasn’t for what I just saw, I would have said you were some kind of deeply contemplative type—taciturn even.”
“I do not open up quickly to strangers.”
“Strangers?” Dawson asked incredulously. “I say once you kill people together, there’s very little between you to be strangers about.”
Ichiro glanced at him, wondering if that had any merit. “Hmm.”
Dawson laughed as the buildings went by. “Don’t be so dour. I’m kind of glad it’s storming. They won’t see us driving down the road in their stolen truck!”
Ichiro nodded.
“So,” Dawson said slowly. “They’re like your family, huh?”
He glanced at the resistance man. “Why do you want to know?”
Dawson shrugged. “I don’t know. I guess I’m just trying to get to know you a little better.”
Ichiro said nothing.
“I give it a week. One week before you spill all your guts to me because we’re going to be best friends.
“Hmm.”
Unlikely… 
Dawson laughed.

Chapter Six—Evidence Disposal
With the rains pouring down so hard, it was difficult to see up ahead. But that was a good thing, as it would keep Ichiro and Dawson concealed against Madison’s soldiers in the region.
They had killed multiple soldiers not long ago and surely their late arrival of wherever they had been going would cause more to come looking. In this rain, their bodies would be harder to find, and discovering the culprits even harder.
Ichiro wasn’t worried about being discovered. He was only worried about his actions possibly bringing down the ire of the army upon his community. But as they were all out of food, what was he to do? Nothing?
The headlights of vehicles appeared through the deluge. Dawson glanced at Ichiro and they seemed to share an unspoken thought.
That could be military.
And it seemed it was as the vehicles drove past them, the sounds of their tires splashing through the water.
The downpour was a torrential affair.
They both breathed a sigh of relief.
“A little further,” Ichiro said.
“I guess we’re going to be walking back in this mess, huh?”
“Yes.”
“Better wet than dead,” Dawson said.
Ichiro looked at him. “Where are your resistance friends located?”
John laughed. “Come on, Ichi. You know I can’t just spill the location—not yet at least.”
“Why not? You trust me, don’t you? And don’t call me ‘Ichi.’”
Wiping his damp brow, Dawson chuckled. “I don’t know. I’ve heard of spies about. That provisions truck isn’t the first one you’ve hit. Madison’s got her hands so full with the resistance; she doesn’t have a lot of soldiers to spare—making them easy targets.”
“It’s here,” Ichiro said as he pointed.
“There’s a gate.”
“It’s only a chain. Drive through.”
“All right,” Dawson said. “Hold on.”
But the force necessary to break the gate open was so slight Ichiro barely felt it as the chain snapped and the gate doors went flying inward.
“Now I will get out. You drive the truck off the pier.”
“Sounds easy enough.”
“It is.”
John stopped the truck in a squeak of breaks. Ichiro opened the door and got out. 
“See you in a minute,” Dawson said.
Ichrio nodded as he grabbed his assault rifle by the back grip and put his finger over the guard. As the truck growled and sped forward, Ichiro glanced about the shipping containers and the warehouses.
The place was deserted, as he knew it would be.
He watched as Dawson jumped out of the truck and it fell off the pier. It wouldn’t keep the truck hidden for very long, but at least the question of whoever killed the soldiers and sunk it would be obfuscated—most likely blamed on the resistance.
So far the small district of Uchimaya within the larger city of Kyoten hadn’t seen very much resistance activity, if at all.
Maybe it was about time that changed.
Dawson came running through the rain with is riffle in hand. “You know, Ichiro!” he said through the downpour. “You really should come back to the resistance outpost with me. We could really use a guy like you.”
Ichiro shook his head. “No.”
“But why not?”
In the summer, the days were stifling hot and the evenings cool. But this rain was a lot colder. After a time, Ichiro and Dawson would begin to shiver. If they stayed out in this weather, they could even get hypothermia. 
“I belong with my community,” Ichiro said. 
“They mean that much to you?”
Nodding, he said, “I have never belonged anywhere before—except for Uchimaya.”
“I can see that.”
“Come on,” Ichiro said. “We need to get back. Follow me. We will cut across the fields and head back.”
“All right!”
Ichiro sprinted out of the wharf and across the road with Dawson close behind.

Chapter Seven—A Friendship Born
Uchimaya was a district on the outskirts of Kyoten with the sea located on the other side of the city, but because of the compactness of the city, was still visible from the residential areas.
The district was mainly made up of residential homes, most of those being town houses, though apartment buildings were littered throughout. The district only had a population count of thirty-thousand.
Ichiro stalked though a field of wheat, the ground under his feet soft and wet as he pushed his way through the cereal grasses. With each step he squelched through the field.
Behind him, Dawson kept pace, but his breathing was now heavier than it had been before. “How do you keep up such a long run?”
“Training,” Ichiro breathed.
“Training?! What training?”
“Every day is training.”
They came near the road as a car passed by, its tires splashing across the cement. Up ahead, something cracked—weapons fire—and Ichiro thought he saw black smoke, but through the downpour it was impossible to say.
His throat tightened and something lurched inside his stomach. His feeling was not a good one—and yet he didn’t want to believe what he knew he saw—if even just barely.
Two military ATVs drove by, their headlights bright and their gun turrets occupied. Ichiro ducked down into the wheat. “Get down!”
“Ichi,” John said. “What’s going on?”
Had their situation not been an immediately serious one, Ichiro might have rebuked John for his overfamiliarity toward Ichiro. 
But as Dawson had pointed out, they had killed people together.
They crossed the road, the other side leading down in a slope toward a residential patch of farmland surrounded by houses, apartment buildings, and the warehouse where they had stored the stolen foodstuffs.
As soon as Ichiro crested the road, he saw the fires and the soldiers.
His eyes widened.
“What is this?”
“Gods!” Dawson hissed.
There was a line of people, some of them women and children. Squinting to better see, Ichiro realized Mamaia was one of them—and the children were there too.
“NO!”
He lurched forward.
“Stop!” Dawson hissed, and threw his arms around Ichiro before he could rush down the slope.
“Get off me!” Ichiro growled as he struggled to get free, but Dawson held him firmly in his arms. 
Ichiro pushed his head forward so he could get enough momentum to head-butt Dawson in the face, but the other man knew what he was doing and pushed his forehead against the back of Ishiro’s scalp.
“Don’t! Just stop!”
Unable to hit Dawson, Ichiro flung his bodyweight to the side and broke free of his grasp.
As he got up, he picked up his assault rifle and pointed it at Dawson.
Still on the ground and laying in the muddy grass, the other man blinked against the rain landing in his eyes. “Ichiro! Don’t!”
He glanced back.
They were about to be executed!
I have to do… something!
The other man shook his head. “The only thing you will accomplish is dying with them.”
And as if to echo the strength of those damned words, a mech hovered in a roar of jets that filled the air. It came swiftly over the building tops from an area unseen and landed in the yard.
Then the soldiers fired their assault rifles.
It felt to Ichiro like he was the one being shot—in the stomach. His legs went to mush and he stumbled back and fell next to Dawson.
As the soldiers shot their prisoners, Ichiro squeezed his eyes shut and slammed his fists into the muddy dirt. 
Time passed. Ichiro wasn’t sure how much. He didn’t care.
“I’m—I’m sorry, Ichiro.”
“Dammit!’
Then Dawson hissed out his own curse quietly. “Fuck!”
The servos of the mech whined and hissed as it stamped about.
“I want them dead,” Ichiro said. “John… I want them dead.”
John nodded. “I know.” He grabbed Ichiro by the arm. “I know you do!”
John leaned over Ichiro and looked at him solemnly. Ichiro saw that John too felt as strongly as he did—perhaps not as hotly in the moment, but it was clear to Ichiro that John hasdexperienced loss as well.
Without the strength to stand, Ichiro rolled over and glanced through the grass into the residential area. Two men were being corralled into the back of a transport truck.
It was Harlan and Joji.
He ground his teeth. “We’re going to break them free!”
John nodded. “I’ll help you, friend.”
Weather he liked John or not, Ichiro and the other man were now bonded in so far that they had a common goal. To fight—for justice and freedom. In this regard, they were now friends.
Ichiro nodded. “Thank you.”

Chapter Eight—Aftermath
Three years ago…
“…from various reports all cross the country where violence is breaking out,” the news caster was saying, “even here in the Eastern Crescent the NCOP is rising up and attacking police and military everywhere.”
Ichiro stared at the television set, baffled at what the news caster was saying.
And yet…
Something about it all seemed forced—contrivedd and unreal.
Could it be that Empress Akamine was cracking down on the people? Was she afraid of the National Coalition of Protestors?
They were unarmed, and yet without provocation they were attacking the police and the militia in every province?
“…expected to be enormous casualties in the tens of thousands in just Eastern Crescent alone as the military cracks down on these vicious anarchists…”
“This is not possible,” Ichiro muttered to himself.
He had no weapons, or else he would have armed himself before leaving his apartment. He left, intending to go to the city center to see things for himself, but the police and military were swarming though the streets and ordering all residents back into their homes as they commands through their megaphones.
Their voices carried throughout the streets, making it easy for Ichiro to pinpoint where they were at.
What was happening was insane.
Why would the empress do this?
Something deep inside Ichiro told him it was time to get out of the city. He was no survivalist, but he did know the basics. He went back into his apartment and filled a satchel with dried food, water and a small knife.
Since the announcements made by the Empress, Ichiro’s personal bank accounts had been wiped out by the government. Currently he held down a job at a local mall as a security guard.
He had fallen a long way from his previous position in the Imperial Special Forces.
With his meager provisions, he waited until night and then left his apartment, making for the Shimajima islands district.
Crossing the streets and sticking to the alleyways, he made it out of the residential district he was in and into a large field. There was a causeway up head, but the tracks were dead, as all trains through-out Eastern Crescent had been halted.
But apparently, the Under Rail was still operational, used by the military to move supplies and personnel throughout the country. The Under Rail was a large network of tubes underground utilizing special maglev technology with the capsule cars that could exceed sixteen-hundred kilometers an hour.
Using the Under Rail, anyone could leave their province and be clear on the other said of Paradaisu within an hour.
But only the super-rich and the military used that, as the cost was prohibitive for normal income earners throughout the country.
There was a neighborhood of dark wood houses with tiled roofs on the other side of the thoroughfare situated on the river. Ichiro decided to steal a boat and make his way along the river to the open sea where he could then cruise down to Shimajima.
He felt that, with so many islands in that province, the Imperial government would have less control there, and if need be, he could hide.
That was not to say that Eastern Crescent wasn’t also a good province. The thick jungles, deep gorges and high mountains were excellent places to hide and stay low if things became bad.
They already are bad.
All news from outside of Paradaisu was cut off, leaving the peoples of the country completely ignorant of the outside world. But this cutting off from the rest of the world also served both ways—nothing inside of Paradaisu could get out and become common knowledge to the world stage.
If that was true, the situation would be extremely worrying for most. Not for Ichiro. None of this frightened him.
He would survive any amount of aggression from Empress Akamine.
Glancing about, he passed between two houses and a dog inside the wooden gate on the right barked at him. He looked at it and growled. The stupid animal whimpered and retreated.
A truck pulled up and three men got out wearing the green speckled camouflage and black boots of the region’s military.
“What are you doing outside?” 
“I—“
“Back in your house. Now.”
“Yes,” Ichiro said with a nod. “I am going.”
“We will escort you.”
“That will not be necessary. I live—“
“Then you are under arrest. Cuff him.”
The two other soldiers came forward. “Stop,” Ichiro said as he put his palm forward.”
“Hands up!” the soldier commanded as he pointed his rifle. “You are under arrest for resisting orders given by the Eastern Crescent army!”
Shit.
“I did no such thing.”
They grabbed him, turned him around, but before they snapped the handcuffs over his wrists, Ichiro turned, elbowed the soldier in the nose.
He went back, grasping at his broken bones.
The other soldier made to shoot Ichiro, but he grabbed the barrel of the soldier’s rifle as he squeezed the trigger, shooting off shots into the air.
Ichiro yanked the rifle out of his grip and turned it back on the commander and shot him along with the other two men.
Windows opened and people peeked out.
Squinting, he thought, They know my face now.
As soon as they saw him, they ducked back behind the perceived safety of their curtains.  
Keeping one rifle and all of the ammo, Ichiro further looted the men for their money and gear, piled it into a pontoon boat tied up at the docks and then cut the ropes.
The motor sputtered as he left the dock and the houses, leaving this urban part of Eastern Crescent behind.

Chapter Nine—Aftermath II
Ichiro glanced about the lawn.
The houses continued to smoke and burn amidst the dead bodies in the yard. People were screaming, but no emergency responders came. They were probably told by the army to stay away.
Ichiro ground his teeth as he looked upon the bodies of Mamaia, her children and her grandchildren.
“It’s not your fault,” John said from behind.
“I know it’s not my fault,” Ichiro said. He turned and met John’s wide eyed stare. “It was the Empress. She did this—drove us to this. If it hadn’t been for lack of food—“
He stopped, his voice close to breaking, his tears intermingling with the rain falling down his face.
“I WANT THEM ALL DEAD!”
John looked on soberly and nodded. “I know.”
Then his eyes flicked over to his right. Ichiro followed that gaze and found none other than Goda watching them with deep-set eyes and a look if disapproval.
Moving quickly, he went back into his house. The screen door slammed down after him.
Narrowing his eyes, Ichiro realized that the military couldn’t have just showed up on their own. There was no way they knew what Ichiro and John had done.
Someone had told them.
“Ichiro?”
He strode past John toward Goda’s house.
“Don’t,” John said.
Without turning, Ichiro said through his teeth, “He’s a collaborator.”
“You don’t know that.”
“I know it.”
He stepped up Goda’s porch, yanked the screen open and kicked the door in. Once he was inside, Goda started screaming from the other room.
Ichiro went in and found him on the phone. He took it from the old man who kicked and gnashes his teeth at Ichiro as his wife nattered about in a flustered henpecking sort of way.
Putting the phone to his ear, Ichiro asked, “Who is this?”
The phone went dead.
He looked at Goda. “Who was that? Was that the military?!”
“Get out of my house!”
When he didn’t listen, Goda turned and ran to a chest, opened it and pulled out his katana. 
“So,” Ichiro said. “An ex-Imperial Samurai…”
John was in the room too, but he said nothing, knowing as well as Ichiro that Goda was indeed the culprit behind calling the military.
Goda screamed and charged.
As he swung his blade, Ichiro jumped out of its path or surely he would be cut in two as Goda swung his sword, the blade streaking through the air.
Despite his age, Goda was nimble and well-intentioned with his blade.
But Ichiro was much faster.
He ducked under the second blade strike, turned and punched Goda in the face. Crying out as his eyes bulged, he went into the wall and fell unconscious.
“NO!!!” Goda’s wife screamed.
Ichiro barely glanced back at her as she ran across the room to her husband. He bent and took up the sword while Mrs. Goda cradled her lying collaborator of a husband in her arms.
He was fine.
Ichiro would have killed him there had his weeping wife not been in the room. Instead, he turned and left the house and stood on the porch.
How could this happen?
Goda… a man we’ve known for years, who ate at our table—turning on us and looking at the bodies of his neighbors with disapproval of their actions against the Madison Army.
“Tch!”
The door opened behind Ichiro and John stepped out onto the porch. For a long time he said nothing.
The rain continued pattering over the grass and veranda as thunder rumbled over the sky, a distant warning of the horrors that would continue.
“Wait,” Ichiro suddenly said. “Do you hear that?”
“It was the roar of jets getting closer.
Ichiro nodded. 
The jets came over the house as the mech landed in the yard. 
“Look out!” John said.
Narrowing his eyes, Ichiro looked at the mech, at the movement of the pilot behind the cockpit glass. He was mostly obscured behind the shiny tinted glass.
“Now you die!” Ichiro said, pointing an aggressive finger.
The mech’s speakers activated and the pilot laughed. “Show me what you got, Samurai.”
“I’m no samurai.”

PART TWO
“The way of the Samurai is found in death.”—Yamamoto Tsunetomo

Chapter Ten—Flashing Blade
“Whatever!” the mech driver said through his loudspeakers. “Well? Come get me!”
Snarling, Ichiro stepped off the porch and into the waterlogged grass.
“Be careful,” John said.
Ichiro said nothing as he stared at the mech, it’s thick legs and bulbous cockpit providing an intimidating front. Above the cockpit were rockets and on the arms large machine guns, some of them small enough to be effective anti-personnel weapons.
Had he been a samurai, perhaps Ichiro would have screamed as he charged the mech, but instead he moved silently save for his wet footsteps in the grass.
As he moved forward he heard John moved to the right, out of the way of the mech’s incoming fire as the driver opened up at Ichiro.
He dodged the bullets as they screamed past him and into the ground with thick thumps. As he neared the mech, the pilot moved, attempting to back away and maneuver out of Ichiro’s reach. 
The sound of its hissing servos was loud as he moved up to the machine and jumped, flipped in the air and landed on the cockpit glass.
The driver attempted to wipe Ichiro off, but the mech was designed to hold weapons and to manipulate larger objects for climbing and shooting, not for delicate maneuvers, such as grabbing a man by the scruff of his neck and tossing him off the windshield.
A fatal overstep in this mech’s design.
As an assassin, Ichiro understood the design of this vehicle. It wasn’t that the mech was outdated, it simple was too large to have been designed for this style of combat.
“Get off me!” the driver commanded.
Grinning, Ichiro said, “Do you still want me to come for you, killer?”
“Killer?” the driver asked. “I’m no killer. I am an Imperial Mech Driver! How dare you insult my honor, you traitor!”
“You are a killer!”
Ichrio hit the emergency cockpit button and then back flipped off the mech. The design was such to prevent mech drivers from being killed while trapped in their vehicles. The designers never intended enemy combatants to hit that button.
And yet Ichiro did.
“What!” the driver screamed as his cockpit opened by way of powerful pneumatic servos that could crush metal in the event that the door was bent shut. “You bastard!”
Ichiro lunged forward as the driver swiped his arm across the ground. He jumped, put his hand out and used it to vault himself over the mech arm and back onto his feet.
He ran, jumped and flipped forward in the air, his katana flashing. The driver screamed at his incoming fate.
Ichiro angled his katana blade forward while pressing his palm against the bottom of the hilt. The blade sunk through the mech driver’s chest and into his seat with a sharp cutting sound.
The man grunted heavily and made noises as he stared at Ichiro with wide eyes. He coughed once, blood gouting out of his mouth and over his chin.
Ichiro stood over the pilot with both of his sandals firmly placed on either side of the cockpit seal, his teeth gritted together so hard he thought they might shatter like glass.
He pulled out the sword, but the pilot made no sound of protest, as he was already dead and gone, his worthless pathetic spirit departed from his flesh.
Ichiro then unbuckled the dead soldier and grabbed his corpse by the scuff of the neck and hauled him out. He fell onto the wet ground heavily.
“Ichiro!” John said with astonishment. “I can’t… I can’t believe it!”
He turned to meet the gaze of his companion. “You better believe it,” Ichiro said, “because I’m taking this mech to rescue Harlan and Joji.”
Nodding, John said, “Yeah. Go—don’t wait for me.”
With a final salute, Ichiro turned and sat in the mech chair, but before closing the cockpit, he said, “Let’s meet back where we killed that first set of soldiers.”
“You got it,” John said. “Heading there now.”
Ichiro closed the cockpit, the sound of the heavy rain smacking against the windshield. In these torrential rains, the cloying summer heat evaporated, leaving one cold and shivering. The cockpit was otherwise very warm since the heater was on and the dehumidifiers activated. 
He would be completely dry in a matter of minutes.
Putting his hands into the control sockets, he manipulated the mech into turning around in a growl of jets and hissing pneumatic servomotors.
“Now it’s time for payback!”

Chapter Eleven—The Calm
Captain Kellis Forthright smiled as they drove back toward base. The rain was hitting the top of the roof hard and he was welcoming a dry space.
After that call from one of their local informants, finding the location of the stolen food had been easy. The resistance members had all been executed except for two of their member, who would be tortured and interrogated until they gave up the location of their terrorist cells located in this area.
“And that’s how war is fought,” he said. “You make an example out of terrorists!”
The corporal in the driver’s seat glanced at him and nodded. “Yes, Captain.”
“Sir,” one of the privates in the back said, “are you sure these prisoners will be useful?”
‘Of course they will be, and if they’re not, they can rot in a cell for all I care. We do our job. If they talk, they talk. If not… well, it’s going to be rough going for them.” He laughed.
The roar of the mech jets came over head. 
“Is that Lieutenant Rai?”
 “Yeah,” Kellis said. “But he’s supposed to go back to the mech yard. Why is he out here?” He tried to get him on the coms. “Dammit, what channel is it, Corporal?”
“Here,” the Corporal said. “Now you’re on.”
“Lieutenant Rai, what are you doing?”
“Lieutenant Rai is dead, the voice came back.”
“What? Is this some kind of joke? Who are you?”
“My name is Ichiro and you killed my family,” the voice said.
Suddenly Captain Kellis’ heart jumped into his throat. He looked into the rearview mirror and saw the alarm on the faces of the two privates.
“You can’t kill us,” Kellis said shrewdly. “We have two of your friends still alive in the back of the transport.”
The area outside the armored vehicle lit up as a loud roar exploded from behind the convoy.
“That’s the rear guard!” the Corporal shouted.
“Stop the vehicle!” Kellis screamed. “Stop!”
As the vehicle came to a halt, he switched the coms channel. “Listen up, everyone! Lieutenant Rai is dead and that’s a resistance fighter inside that fucking mech! Shoot it down!”

Chapter Twelve—Righteous Vengeance
With the mech’s jets burning loudly, Ichiro angled the machine down and pulled the trigger. With an explosive scream the rail gun fired.
The escort truck at the back of the convoy exploded in a plume of fire and smoke. 
As the convoy halted, Ichiro flew alongside the trucks and armored vehicles to the front. The doors to the lead vehicle opened and four men got out. They started firing at him.
Ichiro switched on the anti-personnel machine guns to take them out when suddenly a high-pitched whaling sounded. The cockpit flashed with red lights.
He pulled the sticks to the left and the mech banked hard, narrowly missing anti-vehicle ordnance that flew past him. The onboard camera system tracked the streamer of white smoke and identified the weapon as an MK-II Ground to Air rocket.
Stepping on the thruster pedals, the mech ascended as bullets cracked against his armor. He thought that rocket had come from the armored vehicle two cars back.
The convoy was now swarming with soldiers, all aiming at Shiro.
But the mech was impervious to small arms for the most part.
The alarm went off again and he stepped on the thrusters, pulling the mech left, then right when two more rockets came up at him.
They both missed and he opened up with his machine guns, explosions and wet splashes of red erupted among the soldiers firing up at him.
He locked a missile onto the lead car and fired. The missile’s thrust scorched through the air and the lead vehicle exploded, sending the men around it flying off the ground.
Surely they were dead.
As he continued opening up with the machineguns along the line of soldiers standing between the vehicles, their bodies exploding in mists of red blood and severed limbs, they started breaking.
Men turned around and ran in every direction.
Once the soldiers had almost all gone, he lessened his thrust and landed with a thump onto the road behind the caravan. In his gel-cushioned mech seat, Ichiro barely felt the impact.
Pushing the sticks forward, the mech dutifully stamped along the road. He turned and angled himself beside the convoy.
There were still soldiers about when he opened the cockpit with a hiss of pressurized releases.
Ichiro unbuckled his safety harness, pulled his katana forward from where it was tucked behind the seat and lunged out and into the road beside the flaming cars in the back.
Walking with his blade in hand, he glanced about for any sign of enemy soldiers as he bent and took up an assault rifle in his left hand. Weapons fire erupted from the side of the road and Ichiro crouched as the bullets hit and ricocheted off the burnt-out vehicle between him and the soldier.
Once the bullets stopped cracking in his direction, Ichiro reached over the top and fired two shots, taking out the soldier.
The transport truck was abandoned. When he approached, he saw Harlan and Joji.  He used his katana to cut their bindings. As they were freed, the two men lowered their own gags.
“Ichiro!” Joji said, his voice hoarse. “I didn’t expect to see you again.”
“You can fly a mech?” Harlan asked.
The two men were wide eyed and still in shock as they glanced about the wrecked convoy—at the bodies and the blood.
“The others are all dead,” Ichiro said.
Joji and Harlan looked at him, pain and sorrow in their eyes. 
“I am sorry.”
They nodded. Joji glanced down at the road, while Harlan clenched his fists. “I want to kill these sons of bitches!”
“I’m meeting up with John,” Ichiro said. “He will take us to his resistance camp.”
“Is that why they attacked?” Joji asked. “Are you in the resistance, Ichiro?”
“I… I wasn’t,” he said. “But I am now.”
Joji nodded. “Take us.”
“Yes!” Harlan snapped. “I’m coming too!’
Ichiro told them the exact location where to meet them and the two men took off over the hills, holding their newly acquired assault rifles awkwardly. It was clear Harlan and Joji were untrained in fighting.
They will learn. Their new hatred and need for vengeance will inspire them, will dutifully crack the whip until they are as hardened as I am.
They could not go together, because Ichiro wasn’t going back to meet them or John. He wasn’t going to join the resistance—not really.
He had something else to do.
What happened next would reverberate throughout every resistance camp in Paradaisu. If Ichiro died—then it will have been worth it.
With his friends… with his family gone—he had nothing else to lose.
Standing in the rain, he glanced up at the grey sky, his fists clenched over his rifle and sword. Then his chin lowered, his eyes coming back to the agile flight-mech standing in the road.
He got back in, then pulled up a map of the Shimajima islands—more specifically of the location of Governor Baila Madison’s palace—the Shinju Palace.
Checking his fuel reserves, he cross referenced the mech’s travel capabilities and realized he would come up short.
He looked at the map again and saw a fuel depot eighty kilometers from his final destination. 
One last stop. 

Chapter Thirteen—A New Beginning
Nearly three years ago…
It had turned out that the Shimajima islands were not that much different from Eastern Crescent. The same military lockdowns were in place—the same rationing and slow disregard for the livelihoods of its people.
Without money and work, Ichiro was left with thievery as a means to support himself. It was no matter. The measures Empress Akamine was forcing upon everyone would soon make criminals of the most decent sort.
And Ichiro was a killer, so stealing, especially from Governor Madison’s army and social workers felt good.
Though he wasn’t a resistance member.
It hadn’t taken long for the NCOP to become a fully-fledged resistance movement. Though they lacked weapons and other supplies, they were slowly gaining traction, and even some portions of the military had defected to their side. With a well-organized leadership, the organization was the perfect body to begin fighting back.
Or so Ichiro had heard when dealing with others. He knew nothing of leadership. He was a rogue, an assassin.
Ichiro came back to his tent in the forest. He was situated at the base of a mountain which had cliffs and flaky black slate where water seeped through in an ever present drip of fresh water that he collected on a daily basis.
He was far enough into the forest where patrols were never seen and no one bothered him, because there were no people out here.
For food, what he didn’t steal, he hunted. Wild pigs, birds and even some edible bugs were plentiful.
He came around the trees and found his pot of stew he had left on the fire empty, the children eating out of his metal bowls. They looked up at him with wide eyes.
Snarling, he took out his knife and they ran.
Their fat little bellies jiggling like the little thieving gluttons they were. Feeling a hotness in his face, he realized those children, despite stuffing themselves on his food, had actually been quite skinny and pathetic-looking.
Where had they come from?
Dropping most of his scavenged supplies from the city across the river, he decided to follow them, purely out of curiosity.
They must have ran most of the way, because he had to pick up his pace to keep up. They led Ichiro into a residential area of the city with fields of wheat and little wooden houses surrounded by apartment complexes.
He watched as they met an old woman on the porch of one house and then entered, fearful for their lives. The old woman glanced about warily, but finding nothing, she went inside.
These people were hungry.
And the wheat is probably used to feed the governor’s army.
With a heavy sigh, he stalked across the field and reached into his scavenging bag. He had a hearty loaf of bread there with nuts and seeds mixed in. It wasn’t the most tasteful bread, but the quality of the wheat and the nutrients of the nuts and seeds was superb.
He slid the wrapped loaf onto the porch and walked away.

Chapter Fourteen—Penultimate Stop
Governor Madison’s forces must have been lazy—or perhaps they didn’t have the supplies needed to properly patrol the skies, because they didn’t detect Ichiro in his stolen mech.
Despite that, the fuel station was a vital resource, so instead of flying in, he had landed in a field of tall grasses and walked the last ten kilometers.
The fuel gauge pulsed in the red. He was down to his final ten percent. But Ichiro was here now, and he would acquire the fuel he needed to go the rest of the way.
Across the country road was a tall cement wall with a tank parked next to the entry. Sandbags and a gate had been set up. Soldiers patrolled the entry and exit.
Up on the hills, military tents had been erected. This fuel depot was being guarded by a relatively small military force.
Ichiro inched the mech between two trees, locked onto the tank with his rail gun and fired both guns simultaneously.
The tank lurched, but otherwise didn’t explode as Ichiro fired his machine guns at the startled soldiers.
They were cut down where they stood.
An alarm sounded and the entire camp agitated. Dozens of men ran out of the tents. As they poured out, Ichiro activated his air to ground missiles and fired two of them in front of the line of tents. The missiles screamed up into the sky, leaving arcing trails in a convex shape. The explosion was impactful enough to send dark waves of earth into the air as plumes of fire roiled up, spreading thick oily smoke.
Walking the mech out of the woods and across the road, Ichiro kept an eye on the tank. It didn’t move, but black smoke wafted from the turret and hatch.
Stamping forward, Ichiro started taking fire from the soldiers still alive. At best they were disorganized and stunned.
He opened up on them with the machine guns, the munitions count reaching critically low levels. 
Seven percent.
He swiveled the cockpit about the stationary legs and continuing firing, cutting down dozens of men. Some of them ran or hid, but otherwise were killed when the mech’s machineguns penetrated their meager spots of cover.
Three percent.
He stamped forward toward the fuel lines as he continued cutting down soldiers.
The anti-vehicle warning sounded and Ichiro’s eyes widened. He continued strafing right as the weapon wielder came from the ruin of tents, his outline magnified on the display.
He fired his machineguns up on the hill, but the warning did not desist.
As the anti-mech soldier fired his rocket, the projectile burst forth and Ichiro angled his guns up and turned the body of the mech perpendicular to the direction of the legs and the rocket missed him by mere feet.
Narrowing his eyes, he fired another air to ground missile and shook the ground in a thunderous explosion where the rocket came from.
With the few remaining soldiers scattering about, Ichiro got out and put the fuel line into the mech, filled the machine to the brim. 
No more hostility came his way, as the camp smoked for multiple areas, most of the personnel killed and fleeing. He found a weapons depot stocked with tank rounds and machinegun ammunition. Refitting a mech was not impossible for one man, but it did take more time.
Within twenty minutes he was locked, stocked and full on fuel.
He stamped away into the road.
Before leaving completely, he turned and fired a missile at the fuel lines still spurting out the flammable liquid. The fuel depot exploded as he fired the mech’s jets and lifted off into the air. The ground below him receded as secondary explosions from the ammunitions stockpile went off.

Chapter Fifteen—The Start of Something
Nearly three years ago…
He had no guns.
Ichiro needed no guns—especially not to kill a man.
But he hadn’t needed to kill anyone else before leaving Eastern Crescent, and now he avoided doing such things. He wanted to keep a low profile—stay out of the limelight so to speak.
As an ex-Imperial Assassin, if word got out that he was hiding out, he would wake up one night suddenly alarmed at an approaching Special Forces platoon sent to capture him.
And Ichiro didn’t want that.
I wonder where Yuki is right now?
Was I wrong to leave her?
At times it weighed on him, but her entire family lived in Capri Asuna. She would be all right. During times like these, friends and family was important.
Unless you were a loner.
Like me.
It was night now and he glanced at the army headquarters across the street. The building was in a more urban part of the district, but because this area was so rural and sparsely populated, their presence wasn’t high and the measures taken to safeguard the headquarters wasn’t very optimal.
He ran across the road, his sandals silent across the road as he jump and ran up the wall high enough to catch the lip. Pulling himself up, he sat on his haunches.
The moon was gone, making the night particularly dark.
He jumped off the wall and into the grounds.
Glancing up, this building was clearly a residential building that had been converted to a military outpost. If Ichiro ever joined the resistance, bases like these would have trouble reckoning with him.
They would never know who had attacked them.
He snuck through the yard toward the trucks offloading supplies. The driver glanced down at something in the cab and Ichiro took the opportunity to silently slip by between the other parked trucks and armored vehicles.
The warehouse had been converted from an old pool house. He bent and picked the lock with his makeshift tools, then opened the door.
The pool was emptied of water and filled with sacks of food—mostly grains. It couldn’t be consumed fast enough and was full of bugs—so he had heard. He stepped in, crouching low between the shelves of canned goods and boxes. 
It was dark inside the warehouse except for several lights positioned overhead, giving off an omnipresent yellow haze. In the isles were brighter spots from the more directional overhead lights. Ichiro opened his sack and filled it as the soldiers unloaded the food from the truck four shelves down from his position.
If he had stolen a uniform, he could walk freely while he stole from the soldiers. He was only stealing from the warehouse now because he had heard that security would start to toughen up around food.
Governor Madison knew people were going hungry.
And yet security concerning food would tighten.
How long would it be before the common folk went out onto the streets to change their situation?
It seemed the governors were parsing out just enough food to keep the people complacent from rising up—despite the active resistance pockets throughout Paradaisu.
Even now, the empress still hadn’t given any explanation to the people about why she was doing these things.
With his bag full, Ichiro left the warehouse, the cans and other goods rattling quietly within the bag. He glanced back once, then jumped back over the wall. Because he had to swim across the river, most of the goods were water proof in sealed bags or cans.
Walking back into his camp, he saw that the fire coals were still red as smoke wafted up through the trees.
But Ichiro came up short when he realized someone had been in his camp again.
Are those children still stealing from me?
Upon a close inspection he realized nothing was missing though.
Instead, he saw something that hadn’t been in his camp before. There was a small box and inside of it was an assortment of items. There were three candles, some books and a folded piece of paper.
Ichiro pulled out the parcel and unfolded it. On the paper was a handwritten note, clearly written by a child.
Thank you for the bread, stranger-san.
We didn’t know if you need these things, but we decided to bring them to you anyway in case you can find them useful.
Please don’t be mad at us for coming back to your camp.
He lowered the paper, both angry that they had indeed come back to his camp, but also surprised.
An unbidden smile came to his lips as he shook his head.
When had been the last time Ichiro smiled?
I can’t truthfully say.
He emptied his bag on the ground near the fire, then put some more wood atop it. Among his stolen provisions were canned goods and some dried nuts and fruits in the sealed bags.
Ichiro would leave some of these items on the porch again.

Chapter Sixteen—Mech Ninja
The ground to air ordnance commander bent over the radar.
“Is this the only one?”
“Yes sir!”
“Is it one of ours?”
“The transponder matched a mech that was reported lost not hours ago.”
“Then it’s an enemy combatant! Shoot him down.”
“Yes, Commander.”
Another operations center controller said, “We have a lock.”
“Fire.”
There was a pause, then the radar revealed a ground to air launch with a projected trajectory and an ETA to strike.
The commander smiled.
Flying through the clouds at full speed, Ichiro glanced at his radar when the ordinance warning sounded.
It was a ground to air missile locked onto his beacon.
As expected, he thought.
The missile would contact his mech in under one minute. Glancing at his radars, he double checked everything so no mistakes were made.
It not only took a practiced hand to dodge a missile, but it also took a lot of guts. With the whole world to lose, one had to be able to play fast and loose in order to not overthink the timing.
Ichiro had no such hindrance that would stop him from making the correct decisions. He was no born and bred mech fighter, he had experience using them, and he was a high class Imperial Assassin of the Samurai class.
I am a ninja.
The GAO Commander watched the radar.
“Fifteen seconds to impact, sir.”
Ichiro held his breath, watching the radar and the meters—in red—count down as the impact warning sounded shrilly in his blue-lit cockpit.
Twenty-three hundred meters.
Eighteen hundred meters.
Twelve-hundred.
Six-hundred.
The alarm shrieked and Ichiro slammed his sticks to the left.
The missile moved past him so fast, he hardly heard anything as his mech swerved out of the way at the last second.
“What?!” The GOA Commander barked. 
“It missed, sir.”
“I can tell it fucking missed, Lieutenantfireanother!”
The ordnance radar detected three more missiles, each launched within the same timeframe with very little space in between.
They were going to attempt to prevent Ichiro from outmaneuvering them again.
The commander sneered. “Let’s watch him dodge this.”
“Commander?”
“What is it?”
Inside the control room the controllers worked at their stations, their coms units beeping and whirring.
“The mech seems to be heading toward Governor Madison’s palace.”
“What?”
“The trajectory.”
“I can see it,” he snarled. 
“Should we not contact Shinju Palace?”
He looked at the radar. If he contacted the palace and the threat turned out to be nothing, he might be reprimanded—seen as overly jumpy concerning that rabble of resistance spread throughout the country.
“Commander?”
“There is no reason to contact the palace,” he said. “This mech is going down in the next sixty seconds.”
“Should we not at least scramble some of our own mechs, Sir?”
That’s not a bad idea, but who does this low-ranking little shit think he is, telling me what needs to be done?
“Shut up, Lieutenant.”
“Yes, Commander!”

Chapter Seventeen—Surprise Arrival
Ichiro watched the radar, knowing that he couldn’t dodge three missiles—not conventionally.
This mech was a fast flyer, but it had no flares. It was not a sky-fighting mech, but rather a good scouting mech. It was fast, agile and capable, but meant to be used in recon mission, not dogfights.
Ichiro angled the machine down and pushed forward on his throttle. The engines roared as he approached the ground at eleven-hundred kilometers per hour.
The missiles traveled at a similar trajectory, putting the speed of impact when taking his mech and the missiles together at approximately twenty-one hundred kilometers per hour.
The missiles approached and Ichiro watched the countdown as the meters per second shrunk in the thousands.
The alarms shrilled, counting the time to impact to five seconds.
By his estimation he had a slightly larger margin of error than he had before because of the extreme speed.
The missiles were agile, but they couldn’t turn on a sword prick.
Shiro gritted his teeth as he banked the mech left, then right, then left again. 
The missiles flew past him in woosh and he pulled up, angling his trajectory toward the Governor’s Mansion.
“Um… Commander?”
The commander turned around, wondering what the controller wanted now. “What is it?”
“It was…”
“Out with it.”
“It was a miss, Commander.”
He stalked over to the controller’s radar scan and bent down. When he saw that the missiles indeed had missed, he slammed his fists on the controller’s desk. “FUCK!”
The controller lurched away.
“Get back to your station, idiot!” Then to the rest of the operations controllers in the command station he barked, “Scramble all fighter mechs! We have an introducer in our territory!”
As enemy mechs appeared on Ichiro’s scanners, he did nothing as he screamed toward his trajectory at full burn.
He was down to twenty percent fuel capacity, but it didn’t matter. He would reach the palace in thirty seconds!
Angling the mech down, he flew the machine directly toward his target, not changing or slowing his trajectory.
So far, the official stance of the military in every province was one of a sneering contempt for the resistance.
Overreacting fearfully was to admit the veracity of the threat the resistance posed. If that happened, more would be attracted to the cause. It was simple logic.
And logic was against the empress and her governors.
That was why the Ground to Air Ordinance Commander didn’t take Ichiro seriously. It was why he hadn’t called the governor’s palace to tell them of the threat so they would raise their berries against incoming attacks.
Ichiro grinned as his mech screamed through the air.
At the last moment he angled his sticks back, the mech’s chassis swiveling downward. The mech landed on its feet and crashed through the palace roof and sunk four floors down, the jolting and jarring of the machine so powerful that not even his impact bracers could stop his teeth from bouncing painfully within his mouth. The shock of the impact nearly cracked Ichiro’s spine.
Shaking his head, he felt disoriented, but quickly glanced at his readouts as alarms and scanner imagery appeared, revealing the extent of the mech’s damage and of the surrounding floors.
He hit the cockpit release button. 
There was no hiss, as his cockpit was already punctured. Without the shield lifting up, he unbuckled his safety harness and kicked it open.
Before Ichiro was a cloud of dust and sparking electricity as lights blinked in the corridor. He stepped out with his assault rifle slung over his back and his katana in hand. 
The red carpets were strewn with dust as smoke wafted though out the room, making anything impossible to see further than an arm’s length ahead.
Grinding his teeth, Ichiro tightened his grips on the sword and rifle in his possession.

Chapter Eighteen—There Is No Pain, There Is No Death
Covering his face with the crook of his arm, Aso coughed into his sleeve as the roiling dust wafted forth. Once he felt oriented enough to stand, he got up, unable to see anything,
What happened? Are we under attack?
Men screamed and coughed. 
Someone was hurt.
He grunted, and left the room where there was less smoke. Still coughing, his eyes began watering. They felt dry and itchy.
The door on his left opened and more dust wafted into the room, followed by someone, but through the haze, he couldn’t make out who. The man was only a silhouette and for some reason he just stood there.
One of the lights above them buzzed and popped out of existence.
“I’m—I’m okay,” Aso said. He coughed again as the man stepped into the room through the dust. Before him was a young man of medium build, perhaps in his thirties.
He wore loose trousers cut off at the ankle, sandals and a wide blue shirt, almost like a tunic. In his left hand there was a naked katana and slung over his back was an assault rifle.
Squinting, Aso wondering who this man was. He was so out of place in the palace. He almost looked like a heavily armed vagrant. Like a… like resistance fighter!
“Who are you?” Aso asked as he glanced back toward the other room—the room where he had lost his rifle.
“I am Ichiro Kasai. I was an Imperial Ninja.”
“Was?”
“Yes,” the strange man said. His hair fell over his forehead half covering his eyes. “I am here to kill Baila Madison.”
“Wh—What?”
Aso’s heart jumped as he took two steps back, the man before him stepping forward to maintain the same distance between them—a distance reachable by his sword.
“Where is she?”
Swallowing, Aso said, “I… No.”
“Tell me, or I will kill you.”
Life flashing before his eyes, the most prominent images though of his wife and young child.
“Tell me now, or you die.”
“She’s…” He gritted his teeth.
“Very well,” the man who called himself Kasai said, and raised his sword.
“No! Wait!” He raised a hand, as if that could stop the blade before him. “She’s not on this level. She will be on one of the higher floors.”
The man nodded. “Thank you. Now stay here, or I will kill you if I see you again.”
Swallowing, Aso nodded emphatically, knowing this assassin’s words to be true.
Ichiro turned around and left the room, closing the door behind him. There was the very real possibility that he had just lied to Ichiro, but even so, he would fell as many of Madison’s soldiers as possible—to cause the most damage possible.
And the most shame!
Footsteps stamped down the narrow corridor of wooden-paneled walls. As the first man turned the corner, Ichiro pushed his blade forward into the man’s chest, then let go of the hilt and slung his rifle around his hip and started firing fully automatic.
To hit the other soldiers, he shot through the corner of the wall. Wood chipped and shredded and men cried out.
The magazine emptied and his rifle clicked. A hot wisp of white smoke trailed up toward the ceiling from the hot barrel of his rifle.
All was quiet, save for the nearby shouting of soldiers in some other rooms.
Ichiro turned the corner and found the three dead men he had shot. He bent and picked up their magazines, slipping them into his belt. Then he reached over twisted his katana, the soldier laying immobilized on the carpet groaned as he pulled his katana free.
Continuing forward, Ichiro slung his rifle back over his hip so that it hung behind him and out of the way when he used the sword.
Stalking forward, he came to a juncture of stairs leading both up and down. Despite the first soldier he had come upon telling him that Madison was on the upper levels, if she had a bunker, she would need to move down to the ground floor.
Ichiro decided to be thorough and head downstairs.
As he hurried down the steps he hit the landing and turned around the bannister where two soldiers were coming up. He sliced one across the neck, then stabbed his katana into the other man’s eye.
They both dropped without making any sounds.
But when Ichiro came into the main hall a group of soldiers spotted him and shouted as they opened fire.
Ichiro ducked into the nearest room after crashing through the door. He ran haphazardly as he searched for an escape.
To stall the soldiers, he used one hand to point his rifle and fired a quick fusillade of bullets though the wooden door.
Without a conventional exit, Ichiro had no other choice but to go out through the window.
An explosion cracked in the front of the room. It must have been a grenade. Angling his rifle with one hand once again, Ichiro fired several more shots in the direction of the door and then opened the window. He stepped out onto the tile roof and ran.
He wasn’t on the uppermost floor, but perhaps two floors up from ground level. He found another window, tried it, but it wouldn’t open. He moved on, stepping unevenly over the roof tiles.
In the skies overhead the roar of jet engines sounded.
They’re probably mechs.
Ichiro had counted on the incompetence and arrogance of Madison’s soldiers—and that’s exactly what he got.
Now they would pay the price.
He tried another window, finding that it was open.
Ichiro climbed in and found two people huddled down by the floor. One of them, a woman, screamed when she saw him. He punched her in the face, knocking her unconscious.
The man cried out and Ichiro hit him as well, but he didn’t lose consciousness. Though he did become silent as he covered his head and shook like a leaf.
“Do not make another sound,” Ichiro warned. “I will kill you if you move.”
He left them there in the room, closing the door leading to the next chamber, a drawing room. This couple had probably been visiting government officials or upper class nobles from another province.
They wouldn’t venture into this next room for fear of their lives. What they would not know, was that Ichiro would not even been in their rooms.
Cracking the door, he peeked into the hall, first left, then right. Upon finding nothing, he moved across the gold patterned carpet past expensive paintings, vases and armor sets.
Shinju Palace truly was an opulent place.
If the Governor’s Guard didn’t know the palace was under attack before, they certainly did now. He needed to head her off if they were taking her to an underground safe room.
Normally attackers would have to assault the front gate or battle though the grounds to get to the palace. There was no need to have the safe room upstairs, especially if it was believed explosive ordinance could collapse part of the house.
No, the safe room—and there was indeed one—would be on the ground floor.
He went down another flight of stairs, but paused before hitting the landing while a group of soldiers rushed through the corridors shouting.
Heart beating a little faster, he sat in silence.
When he heard nothing more, Ichiro continued on. The stairs here met the corridor, but then continued down to the ground floor.
He took them and ended up on a tile floor. Soldiers were shouting through the house, but it was a large palatial mansion, and the house was not a barracks, so there weren’t that many soldiers inside.
Not yet at least.
But if Ichiro took too long, reinforcements would arrive to deal with him.
“Do not move.”
Ichiro tuned, found a samurai standing before him. The man had his left hand over the scabbard of his sword, his right crossing his waist as he grasped the hilt of his katana.
The man was wearing a full set of green robes.
Ichiro regarded him.
It wasn’t befitting a samurai to cry for help. 
“You will fight me here, intruder.”
Narrowing his eyes, Ichiro pushed the strap of his gun off his shoulder, letting the weapon fall to the tile floor. He had no reason to answer the samurai—his actions were answer enough to the other man’s challenge.
Grasping his sword, Ichiro held his katana forward with his hilt held low. It was a defensive stance.
The Shimajima samurai, a hard looking man with short hair and a goatee, looked at him with wild eyes.
Then he screamed and rushed forward.
Ichiro blocked his sword slash and turned his feet, forcing his body to turn about. The other man was already facing him.
Ichiro backed away near the wooden wall, waiting as the cooks beyond in the kitchen behind him watched over his shoulder.
One of them must have come forward with a meat clever, because the samurai put out his hand and screamed, “Stop! He is mine!”
The samurai rushed forward for another strike, but Ichiro moved out of the way, nearly getting his shoulder sliced as the other man’s sword landed into the soft wood behind him.
The split second it took for the samurai to dislodge his blade was enough time for Ichiro to slam his forehead into the samurai’s nose.
There was a crack and blood squirted out of his face.
As he was stunned, Ichiro cut him down with an overhanded strike across the neck.
“Here!” a soldier cried, and Ichiro jumped, rolled over the tiles into the kitchen. The cooks and maids cried out and ran out the back.
Ichiro turned around immediately as he hugged the wall.
When the soldier lunged through the doorway Ichiro brought his sword in an upward slash that took the man in the stomach. Blood sprayed and the soldier fell with a heavy grunt.
Jumping to his knees as bullets cracked through the wall, Ichiro grabbed the fallen soldier’s assault rifle. Footsteps stamped forward. He opened up in that direction, firing a screaming wave of death through the wall—his muzzle flash lighting up the darkened space until his gun emptied.
Without waiting to find out if he had killed all his targets, Ichiro turned and ran through the kitchen the way the cooks had gone.
He passed through the dining chambers and cut a soldier across the face as he turned the corner, then he ran toward the center of the palace, looking for the safe room or bunker.
If there was one, and there was no reason to doubt such a thing, then it would undoubtedly be near the central part of the house where the most protection from outside attack would be.
Sprinting through the house, he found a narrow corridor with black and white tiles. On either side were inlayed coatracks filled to the brim with furs from extinct animals.
Heading straight would take him to a set of antechambers. The pathway east led back to the kitchens and the dining room. But to his left, there was another path with a sturdy metal door.
If Madison’s guards were moving toward this point, he could head them off. Opening the door, he found a dark corridor. He did not turn on the light, as it would alarm Madison’s guards as they brought her down.
Closing the door behind him, Ichiro stepped down the cold stairs, his footfalls echoing down the space. His feet landed on the tiles at the bottom.
Something moved inside the walls—like mechanisms turning. This must have meant the space was being prepared by Madison.
Venturing further, Ichiro’s eyes were beginning to adapt to the darkness as faint shapes became visible to him, allowing him to make his way without needing to put a hand forward.
There was a door ahead and further rooms deeper into the bunker.
He opened the door and proceeded forth.
The next chamber was clearly a larger space. His feet hit carpet and he bumped into a sofa. It was a living space.
Madison could probably live down here for weeks if need be.
Those mechanisms churned again and something—like a sliding motion—echoed through the room.
This is strange.
The lights were not coming on, nothing was visibly activating. 
Something scurried, then dropped into the room.
Ichiro whirled as he held his sword high.
Something was there.
He could hear it breathing, the sound of its inhalations and exhalations like that of a beast with a large mouth and lungs.
And then he saw them.
Two eyes—glinting blue in the darkness.
Something else lunged into the room on the other side.
Ichiro had nothing to lose right now, but that didn’t prevent a knot forming in his stomach as his heart tried to escape his chest.
He swallowed as those eyes rose up and then took a step forward.
So then she knows I’m down here. 
Fine.
Lifting his arms, he held his katana high so he could attack with powerful slashes from on high.
“Come at me, you beasts!”
The one before him growled as the other set of eyes turned from him toward the other, then encircled the other beast and came up beside it to face Ichiro.
This was no different than when he faced off with a samurai who wanted to kill him. 
Ichiro took a deep breath.
There is no fear.
Only blades.
He screamed and lunged forward, slicing forward with his katana. The beast growled, recoiling from him. Ichiro then slashed upward at the other creature, his blade landing a blow.
The creature snarled and jumped back, it’s movements quick, deft, like that of a predator of prey.
Something hit Ichiro in the side and he nearly toppled over, but he caught his balance and swiped his razor sharp katana in the direction of the attack.
It had been the first beast.
After lunging back, the second had come in to attack him, then as it retreated the first and it had attacked him.
These creatures were fighting in sync—like a pack!
There is no pain.
Only blades.
He raised his sword like before as the beasts split up and surrounded him. Slowly Ichiro backed away.
Swallowing hard, he thought, There is no death.
Only blades.
Not waiting for the beasts to attack him, Ichiro lunged toward the one on his right, striking fast, then lunging around to strike at the air behind him.
There was not “nothing” there. 
The second beast had moved in to attack him while he had his back turned, and instead he had sunk his blade into something hard—a skull.
The creature snarled and yelped as Ichiro fell atop it. He grunted loudly as the beast squirmed and thrashed, a strange composure of fur and cold slickness.
It whipped at him, striking him across the face. He landed heavily on his back. As he was momentarily immobilized the other set of eyes lunged forward with its blue orbs, snarling and snapping.
Ichiro spread his legs so they wouldn’t be scratched as sliced downward with his katana. He hit something, but the creature jerked back away from him.
He hadn’t landed a wounding blow, otherwise it would have made some kind of noise, just as they had when he had struck them previously.
The creature he had struck across the head flopped noisily, still yowling and snapping, but now its movements were faint and pathetic.
It was dying next to Ichiro.
As he got up, the pain from the slash in his back made itself known.
There is no defeat.
Only the blade of a ninja and that of his enemies.
The ninja gritted his teeth and screamed, all his hate and rage boiling up into his action. He lunged at the second beast as he moved his sword in practiced arcs, providing an offensive defense as he moved up in its space.
The creature hissed and snarled, lunged back, lashed out, but it hit his katana like a tree and snarled.
Ichiro gave the creature no time to recover.
These… things—they were not like any beast Ichiro had ever encountered. They were skulking, but ferocious. In a way, they were powerful, yet careful and almost cowardly.
He lunged forward and something heavy landed on his left shoulder. He thrust forward with his palm behind his katana hilt. The point of Ichiro’s blade hit something soft and his weapon sunk into the beast as its claws sunk into his shoulder.
The next thing he knew, all the air was pressed from him as the beast fell atop him.
He moaned, half suffocated of air.
The beast was heavy.
Ichiro squirmed, grabbing and grasping with his hands, pulling the carpet and moving the furniture from the other side of the room.
As soon as his torso was free he sucked in a deep lung full of the putrid air coming from this creature’s fur covered, yet scale-ridden body.
Once he was free, Ichiro gasped for air and fell.
He blinked at the lights in his eyes, the pain in his ribs on his right side smarted like alcohol had been pressed to his open cuts. Glancing at his wounds, he saw that he had slashes across his clothes. The wound on Ichiro’s left shoulder felt similar, along with the wound on his back.
The lights were on!
Something inside him jumped.
Glancing up, he saw the beast and shouted out of pure shock and fear, but the creatures were both dead.
All of his strength was sapped. His limps felt like wet paper. He used his katana to stand, pushing the point into the carpet. He grunted as he lifted himself up, holding his left fist over his shoulder wound.
The creature…
It had the head of some kind of cat-like creature. There were no back legs. The body ended in a scaly tail. But what was most shocking were the creature’s bare shoulders and arms.
They looked like…
Like a man’s! 
The hands were very man-like, but they were grotesque and clawed with curving nails half again the length of any man’s fingers.
Swallowing, his stomach heaved.
Ichiro glanced up at the door leading to the main antechamber and snarled. The creatures… they were chimeras! Unholy amalgamations of various beasts and men—an abomination against the world and the gods.
Glancing through the tempered glass, Ichiro saw the outlines of people coming down the stairs. There had to be at least ten or fifteen.
The doors opened with a hiss of pneumatic parts, revealing two soldiers with their guns raised, Baila Madison behind them.
She smiled smugly.
Ichiro’s lip curled in hatred and disgust.
She came into the room after her soldiers and glanced down at the beasts. She covered her mouth with her hand. “They may reek, but they’re powerful beasts, would you not say so, Mister…?”
“My name,” he growled, “is Ichiro Kasai.”
She nodded. “These beasts are only two of many.”
“You are sick.”
She laughed.
“The amalgamation of science and sorcery can be a cruel and grotesque mistress,” she said, her gray hair bobbing at her shoulders. She was middle aged and had an arrogant expression, her eyes narrow and her skin white like milk. She was a half breed.
“I was quite concerned when you came crashing in here on your mech,” she added. “Someone will have to pay for that mistake.” She paused. “And yet…”
With his katana still in his right hand, he held his arm close to his bleeding ribs. “And yet?”
She shook her head as she smiled. “And yet, you’ve provided me with the perfect test—a powerful intruder versus my chimeras.” She looked at them and laughed triumphantly. “I would say they did quite well.”
“If you mean they ambushed me in an enclosed space in the dark,” he said, “then yes, maybe your disgusting pets did well.”
She chuckled.
“Well, thank you for everything, Mister…”—she had already forgotten his name—“whatever your name was.” She turned around to leave. “Now execute him.”
Ichiro grunted.
There is no pain…
Only blades. And my enemy.
Using his reserved of strength, he lashed out with his katana, taking the two soldier’s heads off in a single slash.
As she turned, her eyes widened and she stepped back, but tripped and fell on her backside. “KILL HIM!”
Ichiro tossed his katana through the door at the soldiers in a twirling horizontal spin that forced them to cringe and jump out of the way as he simultaneously jumped forward, his palms landing on the handles of the two fallen assault rifles laying in front of him.
The soldiers opened up, their guns flashing and their bullets cracking into the room as Ichiro grasped those handles, rolled and brought the two assault rifles to bear.
Bullets exploded through his already torn flesh and the ninja saw his own blood splatter in front of him. 
There is no pain.
Only death.
He slammed down both triggers letting loose a double fusillade of gunfire.
His guns flashed, taking the soldiers down as Governor Madison’s body shook and convulsed while bullets passed through her.
Ichiro’s rifles clicked and smoke rose above the barrels.
When all was quiet, he was pleased to see the bodies before him, but mainly the body of that monster Baila Madison, a dead soldier slumped over her lap. 
Smiling, he laughed.
Then something hot leaked out of his mouth and over his chin.
Dizziness took him and the room swayed.
“There… is… no death…”
He coughed and more blood came out of his mouth tasting of metal and salt.
“There is… only… vengeance.”
Then the room whirled and the carpet rushed up to meet his face.

Chapter Nineteen—Aftermath III
Akamine watched the screen as the newscaster reported resistance uprisings and attacks in every province.
She smiled.
Good.
Her aide approached. 
“Just in time, Yoko.”
 “Majesty?”
“I want you to contact the governors. Tell them to do whatever it takes to quell these uprisings—and finish them once and for all.”
“Yes, Madam. But…”
She turned her head slightly. “What is it?”
“Governess Baila Madison is reported to have been killed.”
Mamiko Akamine couldn’t help but gasp with surprise. She turned further to lock eyes with her aide. “Why am I only hearing of this now?”
“I came to tell you. Reports are being drawn up so you can understand the full situation as soon as possible.”
Mamiko nodded. “Good. I’m proud of them.”
Yoko’s eyes widened with shock and confusion. “Majesty?”
She had meant she was proud of the resistance for pulling off the attack and killing one of her more vicious governors. Perhaps they would soon take control of Shimajima.
Only time would tell.
And only time would tell whether these uprisings throughout Paradaisu would amount to anything.
She got up off her throne and walked across the hall and out onto the balcony.
“Lady Empress,” one of her bodyguards who had followed her out to the terrace said, “Is this wise?”
“Is the barrier not up?”
“Of course,” he said. “But the resistance does have Power wielders in their ranks. They could circumvent the barrier to get to you.”
“Hmm,” she noised with a smile. “Let them try.”
The word was going around. Governor Madison was dead—killed by an assassin who flew in a stolen mech over the islands of Shimajima and crashed directly into her palace.
Details about her death were still unclear, but in the chaos and the news, resistance pockets had risen up all throughout the country and to attack soft targets on their own initiative, their bravery and their confidence bolstered by the death of Madison. 
“Why the downcast face?” Gray asked.
“It was Ichiro.”
“What, that fellow you told me about? The one who helped you bring the dispatches?”
Trucks drove by as resistance fighters followed on foot. They were gearing up for an attack on the palace—had been planning it for months, and now that Ichiro had attacked, their plan was—in part—ruined, because the palace defenses would now be alerted to their approach.
But with Madison dead, the state armies’ morale was now very low. It was time to strike! Or so Commander October had said.
Feeling an inner sadness at the possible loss of his new friend, John Dawson nodded. “Yes. He’s the one.” 
“I’m sorry.”
“I didn’t know him well,” John said. “But I think we were friends.”
“You think?”
No, he thought. We were definitely friends.
He nodded with pride. “We were friends.”
Empress Akamine looked out at the horizon. It circled the Sky Tower Palace because of where the structure was situated.
The edges of the volcano were jagged and presented an ominous front, but in reality, they wouldn’t stand up to artillery strikes if attacked.
Inside the bowl, the volcano was full of warm water, a vast glassy lake of reflective mineral water. It often kept the Sky Tower shrouded in clouds, and with the cool winds from the oceans, it often rained and stormed, causing bolts of lightning to hit the pylons. That energy was directed into a spiral vortex where it was collected within the tower, giving off the impression of powerful magic—and indeed, magic was part of the collection process, but not one done by a coven of sorcerers.
For this reason the Sky Tower Palace was often called the Storm Palace or the Tower of Sorcery.
Glancing up as helicopters flew past, patrolling and moving military supplies in preparation for the inevitable assault by the resistance, Mamiko looked at the black clouds above the tower.
“I’m going up,” she said.
“Now?” her guard asked. “But a storm is brewing.”
“And so it shall,” she said. “And so I shall go to the roof to watch the approaching storm.”
There was more in those words, though. She didn’t bother to explain herself.
John followed his squad and jumped into the back of the transport truck. Its engine growled and the vehicle shivered to life.
In the distance, the resistance mechs were still crouched onto the ground, providing easy access to their drivers. One of the mechs stood up, its servos and pneumatics hissing as the cockpit swiveled atop the chassis. John looked over at Gray who held his rifle over his thighs. “You think we can do this?”
“If your friend really killed her, then I know we can do this.”
John smiled.
“Move it, Ashbluff!”
He put his helmet on and looked around for his commander. There he was. “I’m on it, boss.”
“You better not screw this up, Captain!”
Still chewing the gum in his mouth, Ashbluff smiled. “’Course I won’t.”
“No loose cannon stuff—you hear me?”
We’ll see.
“You got it,” he said. “I know the importance of this mission. The governor, dead. I can’t believe it.”
“It’s none of our concern,” the commander said as the other mech drivers walked up. “We do what we’re told. If the governor is dead, than that just makes our job easier.”
“Easier?” Maru asked. “We’re outnumbered five to one, I don’t think ‘easy’ comes into it.”
“Enough of that.”
“Hey,” Declan said. “If they’re scattered and confused, we’ll mop ‘em up. We just have to be mavericks out there.”
“I said none of that, Ashbluff!”
“What about those ground to air missiles?” Sakeo said as she stepped up to the group. “They’re going to rip us out of the sky.”
“That’s taken care off,” the commander said. “We have tanks and soldiers going to their Command Center as we speak. But the plan is two-pronged. We attack from the air while our ground forces sweep in and destroy the missile outpost. Got it? Weren’t any of you listening during the briefing?!”
“Sorry,” Sakeo said as she put up her hands. She smiled at Ashbluff.
“Now get moving!” the commander barked. “Mission parameters and coordinates will be uploaded to your individual HUDs in just a moment.
“Yeah, boss, you got it.”
“Roll out!”
Nori Fujita drove his tank across the bridge. He was at the front of the column with two more tanks behind him and ten transport trucks. 
On his radar he could see unites Four and Five positioned on either side of the chasm. Below was the ocean, a narrow pass where ships and supplies were moved by the enemy.
“Target locked,” Jack, the gunner, said. 
“Wolf One, fire!” Nori said as their tank shook and rolled across the bridge.
“Firing!” Jack bellowed. 
A thunderclap and a shake preceded an explosion in the distance. His computer systems showed a direct hit and kill.
“Wolf One—confirm kill,” Nori said.
“Wolf Four taking fire.”
Nori looked at his systems. There were enemy vehicles and infantry across the chasm on the right side, but his telemetry was incomplete.
“Vulture Squad,” he said over the coms. “We need some help with our telemetry. They’re hiding in the forest.”
“You got it, Wolf One. Captain Ashbluff out.”
The sky roared with overhead jets and the radar showed a green mech preceding ten others cross the bridge in a long formation.
“Scanning terrain. Sending telemetry to you now.”
“Oh shit,” Wolf Two said over the coms. “Wolf Four is hit. Confirmed. Wolf Four is down!”
“Shit,” Nori muttered. “Jack! Targets!”
“Telemetry’s coming in, Commander.”
The radar blinked and new targets were revealed.  
“Yeah,” Ashbluff said over the coms. “Sorry about your guy. We’ll help out. But not for long. We’ve got incoming mechs.”
“Thanks, Vulture One.”
“Target acquired!” Jack screamed.
“Fire!”
“Firing!”
The tank shook and an explosion rocked the sky as a plume of fire and smoke erupted upward on the monitor.
“Direct hit!” Jack yelled.
“Woohoo!” Ocha screamed.
“Take us forward!” Nori commanded.
Ocha glanced at him and smiled. “Yes, Sir!” He punched the accelerators and the tank ambled forward.
“Wolf One, moving in,” Nori said over the coms to the rest of his tank squad. “Wolf Three, provide fire support in Wolf Four’s place.”
“You got it, Commander.”
Then the mechs swooped in and fired their lasers and missiles at various targets on the ground. Explosions erupted all over the horizon, sending bright flashes across the horizon. Nori’s viewport was auto dampened so his eyes wouldn’t be damaged.
A mech pilot from Vulture Squad popped up onto the coms. “Multiple hits, Vulture One.”
“Good job,” Nori said.
It was their leader who spoke again. “Fox One, you’re clear to move forward.”
“Thank you, Vulture One.”
“Now we gotta go—those mechs are on us!”
Nori smiled. “See you on the other side.”
“Yeah right…” another Vulture Squad mech pilot said. It was a woman with a sext voice.
“Heard that, Sakeo.”
She giggled and the coms from Vulture Squad cut off.
“Commander?” Ocha asked.
“What is it, Lieutenant?”
“Why can’t our squad be cool like the mech guys?”
“Shut up.”
John glancing out the back of the truck, his heart racing inside his chest. Normally he was a dispatcher, a soldier who had to move through enemy territory to convey messages that were too sensitive to be sent over coms.
Now he was a foot soldier.
Ever many was needed for this operation.
As the tanks fired ahead, sending waves of percussive sounds into the trucks, explosions rocked the hills and trees farther up the road.
The mechs roared overhead, leaving multiple exhaust trails in the sky. The transport truck started speeding up as small arms fire started cracking.
“Our job!” the sergeant said, “is to get past their foot soldiers and into that missile operations center.”
“We shutting it down or destroying it, Sarge? Gray asked.
“Yet to be determined, Corporal.” He looked down at his screen. “Looks like First Platoon is already in combat on their right flank. Second and Third Platoons will hit their center. We—Fourth Platoon in case you numbskulls don’t know—will circle around on their left flank where they’re weakest and sneak into the coms center. You got it?!”
“Yessir, Sargent Sir!” John screamed with the others.
“That’s what I like to hear!”
The men in the truck whooped and screamed. 
“If we take this comms center, we may very well have air superiority, boys! If that happens, the palace is ours, almost guaranteed.”
Gray frowned with a smile. “Thought you didn’t make predictions, Sarge?”
“Shut the fuck up, Private.”
The truck halted as a missile flew up into the sky from behind the trees. It screamed, turned and exploded as it hit something in the sky.
That was one of our guys.
“Out!” the sergeant called. “Movemovemovemove!”
John jumped out and ran.
“In the car!” the commander of the missile output bellowed. His aides jumped in the back as his driver got in.
“Sir!” the outpost lieutenant said. “Sir, where are you going?! We’re under attack.”
“Urgent military business, Leitenant. You’re in command. Defend this base at all costs.”
“Y—yes, sir!”
Shaking his head, he got into the car.
Idiots.
“Drive!”
“Yessir!”
The car pulled out and screeched around the corner to the guarded gate. The soldiers there glanced into the window, saw that it was their commander and waved them through.
“Step on it, Corporal.”
“Yessir!”
The car sped up as rockets, high shallow explosions preceding launch, went up into the air at the mechs overhead.
As the Madison mechs flew into them, he wondered if he was making a mistake by abandoning his post. 
But how did it come to this? First that one mech and the death the governor. Now this shit!
“Ashbluff! What the fuck are you doing?!”
“Wooohoo!”
He dodged the ground to air missile, then swerved right, his chassis landing bumpily onto the ground atop a hill.
A fancy black armored car was driving down the street.
That looks important.
As the radar blinked and flashed, indicating the various units of the battle, his coms unit cracked as chatter from his squad went back and forth.
“Vulture Six down! I repeat, I’m crash—“
There was an explosion that Ashbluff actually saw as he flipped his missile safety off and locked onto the car.
Then, like a pirate he smiled while chewing his gum. He pushed the release and the missile screamed off of his chassis toward the car. It hit and exploded, but failed to make a direct impact. The car flipped over the railing on the bridge and tumbled out of sight toward what Ashbluff’s map indicated was water.
“Hells yeah!”
“Ashbluff!” 
If was Maru.
“We need your help out here! Where are you?!”
“Yeah, yeah. I’m on my way.”
Turning his machine around, he locked onto several mech targets dogfighting Vulture Squad in the air and fired.
Then he lifted off to rejoin them above the ground battle.
The Sargent put his back to the wall as Fifth Platoon swarmed the parking lot. The gate guards got surrounded immediately and were being contained as John and Gray moved with the rest of the men.
The door was blown off its hinges with sticky explosives and they poured into the complex.
“EVERYONE FREEZE! HANDS UP!”
Weapons fire erupted and John turned, fired his weapon at the two guards coming into the reception hall as other men from his platoon took the guards out who came at them from the main coms room.
They poured in and found the operators with their mics still on their heads, their eyes wide and their hands up.
“Good!” the sergeant called.
“Now we can start targeting the Madison mechs.”
“Take us prisoner!” the man with the lieutenant badge said, “But we won’t be turning on our own.”
The sergeant hit him across the face with his gun.
Sakeo glanced out of her cockpit window at Declan’s mech. She could just barely see him inside the cockpit.
“Hey,” Maru said over the coms. “Where are you guys going?!”
Vulture Squad had shot down the five mech squad that flew into them and Sakeo was shaking uncontrollably. She almost couldn’t believe it. She had been trained for this, had enlisted in the Madison Mech Corps Third Division, but after what Empress Akamine had done, she had deserted the military and took her mech with her—the very same mech she was now shooting down what were once her own comrades!
After the skirmish Declan had told Sakeo to follow him on a private coms channel.
“Guys?” Maru asked. He was third in command in Vulture Squad.
Sakeo glanced out her cockpit again toward Declan.
“Why aren’t you anwswering—“
“Did you just cut off the rest of Vulture Squad?”
“Sure did,” Ashbluff said.
There was a moment of silence between them. “This is stupid.”
“Like what that other mech fighter did?” Ashbluff asked. “Come on, Sak—it’s time we grew a pair.”
“I think you have a pair too many, Declan.”
He chuckled.
Looking at her radar, she could see the presidential palace nearing their nadir. “ETA, one minute.”
“You picking up anything on radar?” Ashbluff asked.
“No,” she said, her heart lurching inside her chest at the very thought of being swarmed by enemy mechs.
“With their missiles on our side now, we control this air space,” Ashbluff said. “They’re hightailing it, giving us the perfect opportunity to fly in unseen.”
“What are you smacking on?”
“It’s gum.”
“That’s against regs.”
“Fuck the regs.”
Sakeo smiled privately to herself, but then was distracted suddenly when her coms unit private channel beeped, revealing who was intending to make contact with her. Her expression promptly changed.
“Dec?”
“Yeah?”
“The commander is trying to get me on coms.”
“Don’t answer it.”
“But… there’s going to be the hells to pay.”
“So what?”
She swallowed. “I don’t like this.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Declan said, probably rolling his eyes, if judging by his tone—which Sakeo was well accustomed to—was any indication. 
She swooped her mech down, her radar scans not picking up much. “Looks abandoned.”
“You can say that again. Wow, look at that damage on the roof.”
“I heard that guy’s name was Ichiro Kasai—the guy who blew a hole in palace and killed the governor,” Sakeo said. “In fact—they’re saying he wasn’t even a mech driver, just a resistance fighter who stole an enemy mech.”
“Could be why he made it all the way here without getting shot down.”
“Doubt it.”
“Why?”
“Because he crashed the damn thing into the roof. Whoever he was, he was one hell of a pilot.”
“You say that like he’s dead.”
“He is.”
“You don’t know that.”
“Look, Dec,” she said. “Nobody survives a kamikaze run like this.”
“Let’s land and check the place out.”
“Dec!”
“Come on.” 
“Shit,” she hissed quietly.
His mech sped up and he landed on the roof before her.
“Shit,” she muttered under her breath again. “We’re going to get court-martialed for this!”
“Yeah right,” Declan said. “The resistance needs every mech pilot it can get its hands on. We’re invincible.”
That actually made her laugh. “I guess you have a point, but the commander is still gonna have our balls for this.”
“You have balls?”
“Shut up.”
She landed her mech and opened the hatch. When she jumped out, she found Declan attaching a line to his belt. “Gonna repel down. “Cover me.”
“Sure thing,” she said, reaching back into her cockpit for her compact sub-machine gun. She ran to the edge of the broken roof and aimed down her weapon’s sites.
The laser dot moved about as bits of dusty debris fell into the building from the jacked rents that were the floors.
Declan repelled down, the line hissing as it unreeled from his mech’s arm. Sakeo watched him point his SMG with one hand, the light flashing about.
“See anything?” she called.
“Nothing,” he said. “This place looks abandoned.”
“Coming down after you then.”
“Sure.”
Declan made it down to the ground floor, hit is repeller lock and unclicked the cable. He searched about, found military supplies, a lot of tipped over items. “Looks like they left in a hurry,” he said over the coms.
“Evacuation,” Sakeo said back, the sound of her line zipping out hissing over their radio communications.
Declan scouted the floor, found nothing and made his way down. When he reached the ground floor two more floors down, clearing carefully but quickly as he went, his eyes found something on the floor—a trail of blood leading across the tiles. He followed it. “I’m on the ground floor.”
“Hells! How did you get down there so fast?”
“Our guy was here.”
“How do you know?”
“Blood.”
“You know it’s his?”
“Gotta be.”
He came into a narrow corridor filled with expensive leather and animal furs. Before him was a metal door, open, the stairs beyond lit with bright light.
“Found something!”
“I’m on my way.”
Aiming his SMG forward, he stepped gingerly forward, a rank smell wafting up toward him. As he came into the first chamber, he saw the blood.
A lot of it.
Sakeo’s boots sounded on the steps behind him.
“Is that blood?”
He nodded.
“There’s something strange down here.”
She came up beside him and gasped as she put her hand over her mouth. “What… are those things?”
I don’t rightly know.
Shaking his head, he said, “Not sure, but they’re some kind of unholy monstrosity.”
“Why didn’t Madison’s people destroy them on their way out?”
“They must have been in a panic.”
“Where’s our guy?”
“I don’t know,” Declan said. “But if he was down here, he’s not anymore.”
“Why would they take his corpse and not the evidence of this maligned science?”
“More like sorcery if you ask me.” He looked at her and she seemed to take the hint.
Our guy isn’t dead.
“Ugh!” Sakeo gagged. “They did leave in a hurry, and now I wanna leave in a hurry.”
“All right,” he said. “But we make sure the palace is secure. We should wait until the resistance can get here. There’s a lot to see.”
“Those monsters alone is going to whip the fence sitters into a frenzy. This is evil!”
“Yeah.”
Empress Akamine came out onto the highest terrace of the Sky Tower. She had walked the whole way. With over four hundred floors, it was quite the exercise, but doing this twice weekly kept her in excellent shape and gave her time to think.
The clouds overhead swirled, a dark mass of cold and loneliness and of a foreboding future to come.
I am a monster, she thought. I have cut my people off from the world. I have taken their food, their livelihoods. I have persecuted them for crimes against my inhumane edicts—I have persecuted them for the crime of even possibly collaborating against me without evidence.
But it wasn’t all for naught.
She could not tell the people of Paradaisu why. Not yet. Not ever. They will learn of it themselves—and at that time—they will be strong.
All was quiet in the world as she glanced off into the distance, the rim of Mount Goku barely visible from this height. The mountains bellow and the cities were completely obscured by gray mist.
Despite the cold wind and the even colder storm rains, the air was warm because of the volcano that heated the water into a heavy evaporation.
The wind was picking up and Mamiko’s hair fluttered past her cheek. She pushed in back over her ear, the rim of her military barrette getting in the way.
Once they take the capital and kill me—they will be ready to fight what is to come.
She activated her coms unit. “General, bring the prisoner to me.”
“Yes, Lady Empress!”

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Lawrence Caldwell is believed by some to be a wandering samurai, or a vagrant, or possibly a ninja—though perhaps in his infinite mystery, he’s none of these things. Whichever the case, he wanders home as Odysseus did after the great Trojan War in some realm unbeknownst to our world. And—by direct theft of a quote from a certain dwarf named Varric Tethras—he “occasionally writes books.”

For discounts, updates on what I’m writing and when I’ll be releasing various titles, sign up to my newsletter or check out my goodreads profile where you can follow my author profile or ask me questions about my books!
