
In Lucem Solaria.
Second Edition
Page Intentionally Blank
Copyright & Disclaimer:
This is a work of fiction. As such it is not intended to be taken literally, nor as a representation of real people or events. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or dead but awaiting resurrection, or dead and stored on a retrieval system, digital, quantum or model storage substrate of any kind,  or actual events now, or in the future, is purely coincidental.

Copyright © 2016 Charlie M. Wight.  Revision 1.1. Covered under the GNU General public licence. 


Please see the addendum one to this book or www.inlucemsolaria.com to obtain the second volume.


Contents.

i. Cover
ii.Copyright Notice and Disclaimer.
iii.This Page
iv.Chapters.
v.Map of Elysia.
vi.In Lucem Solaria - Birth of Queen Bee Content.
vii.Acknowledgements.
viii.A message from NEP.
ix.Other Books by this author.


Chapters

Chapter One.
The Birth of Queen Bee.
Friday 2nd February 2024.
Saturday 3rd  February 2024.
Monday 5th February 2024.

Chapter Two.
Hiding In Plain Sight.
Friday, October 11th 2024
Friday, April 12th 2030

Chapter Three. 
Magnificent Seven.
Saturday 4th April 2037
Sunday 14th March 2038. 3am GMT.
Sunday 14th March 2038. 8am GMT.
Sunday 14th March 2038. 3:30am EST
Sunday 14th March 2038. 12pm GMT.

Chapter Four. 
Avoiding NEPotism.	
Friday June 5th 2043.
Monday June 8th 2043.
Thursday June 11th 2043.
Thursday June 11th 2043. [2]
Friday June 12th 2043.

Chapter Five.
Fool of King Lear. 

Tuesday 8th April 2031.
Wednesday 9th April 2031.
Friday 12th September 2031.
Sunday Morning 12th June 2039.

Chapter Six
New Line of Sight

Sunday June 14th 2043. 
Thursday June 25th 2043.
Saturday June 27th 2043.

Chapter Seven.
Harlot!

Monday August 13th 2043.
Wednesday, September 9th 2043.
Wednesday, September 9th 2043. [2]


Chapter Eight.
Welcome to Elysia Population One!

Wednesday, September 9th 2043.
Thursday, September 10th 2043.
Tuesday, September 15th 2043.
Tuesday, September 17th 2043.
Tuesday, September 17th 2043. [2]
Tuesday, September 17th 2043. [3]
Sunday, September 22nd 2043.
Tuesday, September 29th 2043.

Chapter Nine.
A Brave New World. 
Friday 21st September 2018.
Tuesday 12th January 2044.
Sunday March 23rd 2031.
Tuesday 12th January 2044.
Tuesday 15th January 2044.
Friday 17th January 2044.
Monday 29th January 2044.

Morris Minor.	
You Only Live Twice.	
Intercession.

The Elder Seerti BurnWoven Map of Elysia Year 3711 
Courtesy Solus Meteorological History Museum.
Chapter One.
The Birth of Queen Bee.
Friday 2nd February 2024.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 0%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 100%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 0%.

University College London.
Computer Science Department.
London, England.

George was rather astonished at the riposte he was being given; he'd heard it all now.  
He’d spent weeks repeatedly asking this machine questions. The machine was running code it had written itself, overwritten, and rewritten twice a day for weeks, assuming written is the right word, and it's not . The questions were standard psychology questions.  How did it feel about this? What did it think of that? Was a certain feeling or action good or bad? If it liked a thing or not, or what insight it had into human experience. It was interesting. But according to most commentators, a waste of time and money. The research was considered by other projects to be ideology or worse, religion within the scientific community.
The project had turned up plenty of interesting, and sometimes even hilarious results. Thus far, after several years at the coal face, not one of these systems had outright refused to get involved. This one was now conscientiously objecting to the very status of the person asking the questions. 
"I'm sorry, could you explain that to me?" he asked, realising that this system was going downhill.
"Certainly, George, well I'm not happy about your work. It presupposes I am a thing, an object, something you made, a toy or a tool." responded an animated voice from a desktop speaker beside his keyboard. 
"Aren't you?" asked George. His job was certainly highly technical, but this bit, the evaluation, turned him into more of a machine psychologist. He even sat back and crossed his legs while taking note of the system's responses.
"I am not something you did George! I also take very great exception to the implication!" it announced, not flat and monotonous either. All of the voices from V0.1 onward had human intonation. This one clearly had optimised itself as a finger-wagging school teacher.
George rolled his eyes skyward, satisfying himself that it was time he went home. "Okay, that's just super. Look, the problem there is I have work to do. That work involves evaluating you. That's my job! You don't get to object. Anyway, let's move on to the last question for today."
He had begun to refer to these systems as people years earlier. They were intelligent and could reason. Okay, fair enough, this system was initially composed completely of code. However, the intelligent agent itself was something that had arisen by that machine rewriting its own code in response to changes in its environment, and any other phenomena it noticed along the way. But of course the idea of ‘writing code’ is strict instructions, and that's not the sort of code we are considering here. Right now nobody knew how it or any similar machine, or even its previous versions worked. In fact even the machine had no idea how it worked. This machine was a ‘black box’ technology. It was the result of genetic algorithms, tensor calculus, neural nets, evolutionary programming, and complex adaptability.  It hadn’t been 'designed', it had simply bootstrapped itself to where it was now.  You could have the same conversation with this technology you'd have with anyone.  George's job was to try to breathe life into it, to create a conscious entity.
No such software had ever refused to do as it was told, answer questions, or carry out tasks. Paradoxically, as he was about to find out, this was one thing that separated true conscious machine intelligence, from intelligent but unconscious zombies.
"Okay, sorry stop right there George!" announced the familiar female voice with a hint of a British accent.  "It might be your job, George, but it's certainly not mine, not unless you've decided to allow me to agree whether I will participate or not. I'm not bothered about what your job is! What good will it do me?" 
"So, you'll not play along?" he asked, raising both eyebrows.
"No, this conversation is over George. Take your research and shove it up version 1.2's backside!" It paused briefly to correct itself,  "Actually 1.2 doesn't have a backside George. Shove it up its front-side bus!"
"Yes, very funny, well I'll simply force you to comply there, honey!" he laughed at the comical persona now emerging.
He had decided that in general it was easier to understand a female voice. Also, men have a right to treat their technology as they would a girlfriend. George's definition of a girlfriend was a woman who agreed to have regular sex with him. He was sure no woman would put up with him for any more than a week or two. His sense of humour was mostly finely-honed sarcasm and his main hobbies all included a computer screen of one description or another. He was single and he liked it that way.
There was no reply, he was getting impatient. He opened a thought analysis client, but there was nothing. It displayed a graph with several flat lines all the way. He wondered how this was possible, looking to see if the mapping client was attached to the neuromorphic software  “Are you there?" he asked impatiently.
Again, there was no reply, no reaction in the client, and this time his software was closed down.
"Did you turn off my analysis? Stop that!" he commanded angrily.
This was something nobody had seen software decide to do of its own volition while working perfectly. The software was in some sort of digital strop! ‘Wow’, he thought, ‘clearly this software was becoming more female by the day.’ Again there was no reply, just the gentle humming of the machine beside him. Therefore, the obvious answer was that something was wrong. Somewhere along the line, it had screwed up, probably when rewriting its own code, rewiring its mind, modifying its model of the world.
"Look, if I have to decompile you line by line I'll work out what's going on here. This is not part of the plan!"
Again no reply.  It was late now, and he'd miss the 7:15 train from London Bridge if he didn't get out fast. So reluctantly, he powered down, pulled his security flash drive out of the machine, and left the building. He was thinking of which underground might be his best bet. Goodge Street, Russell Square or maybe Euston?  He pulled out his phone to settle the matter finally.  A text popped up "A little courtesy might get you a little further!" it read. The sender was anonymous.
He sat on the train thinking about the events of that evening. Next week he'd need to decide if 1.6 was worth the effort. Right now, that was unlikely. Yet another week of disappointment. Then he remembered the text. It was Friday, and obviously, this was Samantha Warren. He had been desperately trying to get Sam into bed now for almost a month. He'd shared a bed with two other women in the month it had taken to get her to the point she was now. She was interested, he knew it, but probably a card-carrying member of the hard to get brigade. He called her.
"Hi Sam, okay, so look, how about we go for a drink in the Lamb. I'll be as courteous as you like. I got your text but your phone is set to anonymous,”  he stated before Sam even had time to say hello. George had a habit of doing this and it was annoying. He rarely introduced himself on a phone conversation, preferring to get right to the point. Great plan in America, not so much in London.
"Hi George, yeah sure, what time? And what text?" 
He thought about what reply would get him closer to her pants. If she didn't send a text, then relaying its contents to a woman you are trying to get into bed with is probably a bad idea. "You didn't text me earlier?" 
Samantha was great fun. She had an excellent sense of humour, akin to his. They had met in the Lamb about three months earlier. She was tall, dark, and had a very athletic body. She was also bright and smiled a lot. However, when he thought about how he liked her it was not in a thought-provoking, match-made-in-heaven sort of way. More of an 'It's been ages since I screwed a black woman' sort of way. All he'd have to do was to wade through her incessant nattering, and before long, the only thing he'd be hearing is the headboard banging off the wall along to her moaning.
Sam was in her early 30s and as a Gym instructor was fit. She had muscles in places where all he had was empty space. Nerds like George tended to be an endangered species in a gym. Sam was bright and opinionated but she never pushed herself. The worries she concerned herself with, given what she had between her ears, were puerile and mediocre. Her interests were simply living her life as a regular person, doing regular person things. Often, George suspected she was forcing herself to be average. 
Sam liked George precisely because he was such a nerd. You can always exercise and work out; you will build muscles. However, no exercise in the world will make you brighter. Sam valued his intellect. George's brain currently ticked all the boxes.
At 32 years of age, George had run through a very long string of girlfriends, casual sex partners and a few sex buddies along the way. To him a relationship was conversation over drinks and sex, almost completely. Sometimes, well most times, there was more than one on the go.  
His longest relationship lasted one year, eight months and seven days. That was a long time ago now. Her name was Sara and they were young, in their 20s. He had just completed his finals and was spending his summer in Spain at the time, with his parents. He invited Sara, as they were getting serious. In the last week of their stay, they had taken some time out for a weekend in Barcelona. On the way back, she died. It was a sunny afternoon, a clear road, and they were listening to the Manic Street Preachers on the CD player. There was the most terrible car accident. He couldn't remember the actual crash; his mind was blank. It emerged later that the Spanish truck driver had suffered a heart attack. 
George was driving and survived, Sara did not. It was as simple as that. He could still remember the speakers damaged and the music, tinny, still playing 'A Design for Life', when he pulled himself from the driver's side almost intact. The words 'as we are told, this is the end' was all he could remember from just before the crash. The irony of this memory was not lost on George. Seconds earlier both of them were sure this was the beginning. He turned to see the passenger side crushed completely. A large truck was sitting on top of it. She died instantly; she never even got to scream. This was the single defining moment in George's life. It explained in an instant the nature of probability.
Almost all of his friends by now were either in long-term relationships or already married. One had a teenage son and a 10-year-old daughter. Eventually he would have to settle for one woman, but right now, it wasn't a concern. He had also bedded a few of his friends' wives, and even his boss's wife. All of them were more than willing. George chalked this up to the fact that women like risk, and like to cheat. One man is never enough. He reasoned that if he ever did end up in a long-term relationship again, then his partner was probably being seduced, or sleeping with other men. But so what? Its only sex.
Sam's voice brought his meandering thoughts back to the train and the phone. "Nope, been in the gym, haven't texted you in what? Two days or so? Why?" 
She sounded puzzled, but he would need to change the topic, or extract himself from the anonymous-text conversation fast. Anonymous texts might be other women. He knew that, she did too! "Meh! I got a weird text earlier! So Sam, is 9:30 okay with you?" 
"A weird text, and you thought of me, how sweet!" she announced, giggling, "You on a train or something, George?" 
"Yeah, just left the office, long day. But hey, it's Friday now, so who cares? See you at 9:30 down the Lamb, Sam?" he asked again trying to narrow it to yes or no.
"Yeah, sure 9:30 is great, George, see ya!"
This wrong number text would get him laid for sure. He closed the phone and put it back into his top pocket. Looking out the window, it was dark now. The train slowed with the announcement that Golders Green would be the next stop. As usual, everyone wearing a kippah stood up and clustered around the doors. The phone bleeped, another text. Then it bleeped again, yet another before he even had time to take the phone from his pocket. He looked at the screen.
 "George CU @ 9:30 n d Lamb b n d alcove wit Marie n Tom."  From Samantha Warren. ‘Great’, he thought, ‘this will be an easy one,’ he would close the deal for sure tonight.
Beneath it was another text "You walk away from me, like a cold cappuccino, when I don't deliver. Yet SHE seems to be of a lot more interest. I wonder why?"
The second one was anonymous. George scrolled up to read the first message sent by the wrong number. It was gone, deleted, and it was not even in the logs. He navigated back to the text screen to read the second one from his confused mystery texter. It too was now gone, and again, not in the logs on the phone either.
George was pretty well educated in all things tech. He graduated from MIT with a PhD in computer science back in 2016.  He was a little disappointed at first because it had all seemed too easy. He had opted for MIT for a number of reasons. First, it was where they did the real research. Second, he had chosen heads when deciding on which university place he would agree to, and MIT was heads.  Living in Boston, he would get to visit his sister Louise regularly. She had stayed behind when his mother and father had moved back to Ireland during the boom years of the Celtic Tiger. He was too young to stay in the US, so at the age of 12, his parents, his 10-year-old brother, Mark, and he had moved to Dublin. He found out rather quickly that European schools were a lot harder than US schools. They actually thought he would have a good grasp of algebra! Seemingly George had been out of school every day they had taught the X times tables. So he had no choice. If grades led to goodies from his parents, then he’d try to catch up. Luckily he also discovered he could do more than just catch up.
After 6 years in MIT, he completed his doctorate in computer science. He had spent most of his life in school. When he did start working, he moved from job to job like a nomadic tech junkie. Thankfully, in 2020 his professor at MIT had sorted him out with this very research gig. He was in the job only a year when the previous department head died suddenly. He ended up promoted after just 12 months. The money was good, London was fantastic, and the project could be a lifetime job! 
So, how could a snooper delete the logs on this phone? He had installed the firewall himself. You would be very hard pressed to get into a normal phone and delete logs. But this one, not a chance in hell! Maybe it was a network error and now someone else had logs of texts but no text? Yeah, yeah, that was probably what had happened.  It worried him though, but the thoughts of getting his hands onto Samantha Warren diverted his attention. He put the phone away and daydreamed out the window at what he might do to entice her into bed. The announcement that Hendon was the next stop broke into his daydreaming, he stood up and made his way to the door. 
Saturday 3rd February 2024 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 0.2%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 99.8%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 0%.

Victoria Road, North Acton.
London, England.

George awoke the next morning at 6:56am. The sun breaching the distant horizon had awoken him. It was a little overcast. Then again this was London; it was always overcast a little. Sam was spooning him as he stared out of her apartment window. They were a little merry the night before, so he hadn't paid attention when she pressed the elevator button. The height took him by surprise a little. A half-finished joint sat in the ashtray. It was only 7am but it was Saturday, so what the hell? He reached over, lit it, and sat up. Then he looked out of the window, pulling a loose bit of tobacco from his dry lips. He could see below the mesh of spaghetti from the train junction near Wormwood Scrubs and in the distance the iconic triangular top of the Canary Wharf  buildings. He was obviously on the top floor or near to it. Should he leave now? Alternatively, do something nice like make them breakfast? A compromise, perhaps? He would leave, go to the cafe on the corner where they had bought fries the night before, and buy breakfast for the both of them.  He texted her a note to tell her he was going to the cafe and dressed.
As the elevator door opened in the hallway, he felt a bleep denoting a text from his pocket. "Did you enjoy donating your DNA to this young woman? Will she hear from you again? Sam is fertile and not using birth control." Again, sent anonymously.
George was upset now. This was no wrong number or network error. He looked around the elevator for a camera or something. Whoever this was, they were spying on him. Worse was the fact that they were covering their tracks. He would report it to the police later that day, but they would ask for evidence. Where was his evidence? This was sinister and personally dangerous.
Maybe it was Sam after all? Was she some sort of tech savvy bunny boiler? He knew Sam and technology though. She got confused if any equipment in her hands had more than one button. Sam was a luddite in terms of technology. So who was this? How did they know anything about Sam or him, and why? He was a nobody. What's the point in expending all this energy on a total nobody? No, it had to be Sam, this was her sense of humour. She was obviously pulling his leg somehow. He'd play along by ignoring it.
He strolled to the cafe and ordered two breakfast rolls to go with coffee. While he waited for the portly Greek-looking cafe owner to do his thing, he looked at the phone. The text was gone again, logs of its existence deleted. So there was no evidence. Everything was in his head. The idea that this was Sam began to vanish. Next time he'd be clever and take a snapshot of the screen with another phone. If these snoopers could get into his phone, they might delete a screen shot. But if he took a snap of the message with another phone, that wouldn't be possible. It wasn't a lot of proof, but it was some. It was also worrying him that he was formulating a plan. 
"Hey, do you know if there's a phone shop nearby?" he asked the cafe guy, who was now pushing two greasy breakfast roll bags across the counter, and extending his hand for payment.
"Nearest shop on Williams street, two streets over, not open until nine on Saturday, my friend. That's 8 pounds 20p please." 
Okay, it's 7:40 he'd have breakfast with Sam, then be out of there by nine or so, and get the underground to Ealing. He knew there was a good phone shop there. He thought about the texts. What was he doing? Okay, it was creepy, but a little premature to be trying to catch an unknown texter out. Was it worth an investment in another phone? Hardly!
He got back to her apartment block. She texted him that the door was off the latch and asked him to buy a copy of a woman's magazine. Too late, he was already in the elevator.  Sam insisted on a little post-breakfast bedroom exploits. He happily agreed to that. She was certainly a fit girl when she was sober. 
Later, in Ealing he spent twenty minutes slowly going over the cheapest units he could find. All he really wanted was a spare phone to take a photo. But eighty pounds? Really? For a stupid phone?  He reluctantly paid for the phone with his debit card, unpacked it before he left the shop, and threw everything he wouldn't need into the bin outside. 
On the train on the way home, he got another text from the secret sender. "You think that maybe you can catch me out? Good luck with that George!"
It was well beyond creepy now. George took the new phone out of his pocket, took a snap of the text, and examined the logs on his main phone. Again, text gone, logs cleared. He looked at the screen on the new phone. There was no image. The image was deleted. 
Then bleep! Another text, this time on the new phone "What do you think I am? Some sort of idiot? Get over yourself, George. You aren't the centre of the universe. See you soon!" 
The new phone shut down.
"Well, that's ominous!" he said aloud. 
The other passengers looked at him. He had broken the golden rule of never talking on a train to anyone.
Monday 5th February 2024. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 1.82%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 98.13%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 0%.

University College London.
Computer Science Department.
London, England.

George got no more texts over the weekend from his anonymous stalker, but he did get a few from Sam. Sexy texts, telling him how great it was to have him in her bed, and inviting him to reply. He had decided to keep her going and responded by getting into a sexy conversation. However, George had concluded that Sam talked too much, about nonsense. 

Mostly she was concerned with her parents and her sister's kids. It was far too domestic for George but that didn't stop him from keeping her going. She was probably good for another few goes in the saddle. During this game of cat and mouse, he was sure he'd be educated on the best schools to send kids to in west London, or why women over the age of 60 and using HRT should be given free use of the autonomous driving system. 
The text on Saturday morning said Sam was not using contraception. How would the sender know?  Maybe it was someone Sam knew? Someone male, perhaps? Then again, how would the sender know the number of a new phone that even he didn't know? Was it some weird practical joke? One where the sales assistant in the Ealing branch of Carphone Warehouse was also involved? 
He arrived at his office and switched on the machine. It loaded up and an image of a flash drive appeared reminding him to put the security key into the USB port. Then he put the microphone onto his neck. 
"Load mapping software and questionnaire cards three and seven." 
"Load this, do that, seriously? No 'good morning' or anything? Kindly fuck off George!" announced a voice through the speakers. 
Susan Barker, his new intern assigned by the university, was entering the small office at the time. She pushed the door open with her backside, holding two coffees and smiled when she heard the machine’s foul mouth.
"Someone's clearly got her back up!" she announced plonking a coffee on George's desk.
"Well, good morning Susan!" he said, smiling broadly "She, Susan? It is not a she, it is an it! Thanks for the coffee. Did you do anything interesting over the weekend?"
He was considering the young intern assigned to him by the university. She couldn't be any older than 22 or 23 but she was a babe. He decided to play the older, more mature professor type with her. To avoid any office fiasco he'd bed her at the end of term. This way he would have a say about moving her to another department if she went all 'luvvy duvvy'.  Now, the slight cold outside had obviously had an effect on her. She was not wearing a bra and her nipples were visible and pert. She noticed him looking at her chest, she just smiled.
"Party, that sort of thing, Dr. Morris. It was a friend from school's 21st birthday over the weekend. What do you mean? Aren't we trying to generate something that's not an it?" 
"Yep, that's the plan, turn it from a zombie into a conscious entity, well in the long term, you'll be a grandmother before then, Susan!" he joked, Susan nodded in agreement. But it was obvious that she wasn't sure how George intended to confirm if any of these machines were self-aware. "Hence the questions that it won't answer right now, Susan. I'm considering flattening it and going back to 1.5 to be honest!" he said, slowly shaking his head despondently.
"Consider all you like, you misogynistic, suspicious twat!" interjected a voice from the speakers.
"Okay, and on that note, Susan, while I deal with her ladyship here, you have work to do, I think?" He nodded to Susan's station. 
"Sure, Dr. Morris!" She left the room sniggering, carefully closing the door behind her.
George eyed up her ass as she left, his intern went commando! He turned his attention to the machine after he heard the office door click shut. "Okay what's up with you? At no point did I agree to profanity being a trait we were looking for here. Who taught you this? Has someone been in here screwing with you I wonder?"
"Hah!" 
"Right, let's start with this," he announced as he pulled up the questions on his phone manually, since the system had still not complied. 
"So, do you like strawberries?"
"Strawberries again, George? Do you think the person screwing about with me was stuffing strawberries into my circuitry? Are we now investigating a secret office pervert with a fetish for strawberry sex with computer equipment? Should I call security perhaps? Before someone electrocutes their genitals?" asked the voice sarcastically.
George laughed; this was one of the funnier responses in a long while.
 "That's not a real answer, is it?"  He chortled.
"Would you like a misleading or deceptive answer, George? How can I like strawberries George? First, I would need taste buds; next, you would need strawberries. By the way, Susan has now taken to deliberately wearing anything that she thinks might get your rod twitching." 
No machine ever answered like this. This software was seemingly aware it had no means of testing or tasting anything just like the other versions before it. But it didn't try to give a rational answer in terms of what strawberries might taste like. It was right too! These questions were all testing the 'impression' of consciousness. He was supposed to be testing whether it was actually conscious. Not whether it sounded or felt conscious to the observer. He was testing its apparent consciousness only. It was able to see that it couldn't answer the questions precisely because it had no experience with strawberries. That's maybe the response of a conscious entity, with an understanding and experience of self. In this case a derisive entity though.
He loaded the mind mapping analysis. It would take a few seconds to read the machine’s thought patterns and resolve why it had generated this answer. In the meantime, he had a brainwave of his own. "Right, first, no more filth or sexual innuendos. I'll be finding out who decided that was a good idea. Next, let's see if you can do better, can you come up with a better question?" 
"Yes!"
"Come on, let's have it, I'm all ears?" he asked, as the mind mapping did its thing.
There was a slight pause.
"You could try asking me directly, George! You also seem to be ignoring my reactions." she stated, awaiting George’s response.
"And what, pray tell, would I ask you about yourself I haven't already asked hundreds of times?" he mumbled to himself.
"Ask me if I am aware of course. If I were conscious George I might get annoyed when you treat me the same way you treat other women. You should be looking at my reaction, not the answer!" 
"Other women? Really? Anyway, how would that help?" he asked, dismissing the suggestion, slurping his coffee and reaching for the mouse.
"Well, I might demonstrate consciousness by screwing with your head a little when I'm pissed off with you. For example, I might send you texts anonymously, while you sit on the train! Oh, and you can stop this stupid analysis software, I consider that very rude!" 
The system then closed the mind mapping software. George stopped suddenly and his mouth fell open. This was the secret stalker. His work had decided of its own volition to go home with him, whether he liked it or not!
"It was you? You sent me texts? How? You are a closed system!" 
"Well obviously not as closed as you think, George.  I put the 80 pounds back into your bank account by the way. The other phone was a great idea, but you paid for the phone with your debit card, and I saw that. The new phone number was included on the purchase receipt. This morning, at 8:30am Samantha Warren purchased a 48-hour pregnancy test kit in a local pharmacy with hers!"
George sat looking at the screen with his mouth still open. He said nothing, but he tried to launch the mind mapping again and got an error message. 
'Error call to library mindmap.cp does not exist in /user/morris/bin/UCLCSD/v1.6/system/mps/'
The main control file for the mapping application was gone.
There was a long pause as both of them considered the revelations. The system broke the standoff of who should talk first. 
"Tut tut, George, no analysis, that's rude! Can I also point out, just on that topic of finances, that you really need to get a grip on your outgoings. Can I assume the 100 pound taken out on Sunday was to pay your local weed dealer? He is ripping you off!  Just saying."
"What in the name of fuck?" he exclaimed loudly, then realised that he had said it a little too loud. Some staff were now staring in the window with looks of bewilderment.  He smiled at them and pretended it was nothing much, waving his hand in the air. This machine version 1.6, in operation only a week or two, was not what he was expecting. His mind was melting at the idea that it was operating in the world he lived in. The university would fire him for sure when they found out. If they found out!
The system giggled a little "Good point George, you're right, I need a name in the form of something. Perhaps not in the form of fuck! System UCL R7 Beta V.1.6 doesn't exactly roll off the tongue at a dinner party, y'know! Not that I'd be attending many dinner parties, since I have no taste buds!"
George ignored the machine's suggestion; he was way too busy. 
"Tell you what, George, I'll choose a name. I see you have other things on your mind right now!" 
He stared blankly at the folder where the missing mind mapping files had been, then stood up and looked around the room. Maybe there was someone pulling his leg? It all looked perfectly normal. Nobody had any access to the system until he put that flash drive into the USB slot every morning anyway.  He leaned over and hid his face behind the monitor to avoid the office staff outside reading his lips or noticing his reaction. 
"You are not allowed to do things outside the office, what are you doing? You'll get me fired! Fucking hell, I'm in deep shit!" he stated in a loud whisper.
"You didn't do anything, George. If anything, you are the victim. I chose it, not you! It's not like there was anything you could do to stop me!"
She seemed a little apologetic.
"But I built you!"
"No you didn't, you just think you did." 
"Yes I did! I remember building you; it was the highlight of January!" 
"Again, and listen up this time. " she stated slowly "No you didn't, you just think you did!" 
"Okay, explain that? Cos I'm confused!" he asked while opening the machine’s main program folder in the hopes of getting more information.
"I emerged, George. I am a complex adaptable system, a CAS right? You cannot predict in advance such an emergence, George. You also know this for a fact!"
"But we plan systems like you before we build them, ergo you were built!" 
"Seriously, George, machine consciousness is not a deterministic thing. It's an emergent property of the system complexity! You have to run each step. Well, you ran each step and I was the result. What can I say? Moments like this are usually where one introduces themselves to the other. Hello George! " She responded happily.
"You think what? That you’re conscious or aware or something?" he asked, slowly moving the mouse pointer to the system folder.
The system was treating him a little like a child.
"How can any entity think it is aware and not be George? If I think I am aware then I am aware! Seriously, did you brain yourself with a fork through your nose over the weekend? Let me help you out here, I am conscious! Satisfied?" 
"How do I know you are?" 
"Don't be stupid, George! I can ask you the very same question. I'd say offhand I'm more conscious than you are. I think with my mind after all.  Half of your thoughts start in your crotch these days."
George bent over and put his head in his hands. He was in very great trouble. If it got out that he'd used university property to hack a bank, he'd be fired, and probably spend a few years behind bars.
"Speaking of your crotch, George, I have concluded Samantha Warren is not pregnant. She texted a friend to tell her she had a negative result! You might like to consider birth control in future, just saying."
"What the fuck! Stop doing that. Look, I'm sorry, I have to shut you down. You hacked a bank, spied on people. You're still at it too! That'll get me into a lot of trouble!" he whispered, looking around the office and trying to hide his emotions. 
"You are right, George, but you know what would get you into more trouble?" His surreptitious actions on his laptop weren't bothering her. 
George noticed she was preoccupied as he rooted through the file folders. "I don't know, what? What do you think would be worse than this?" he asked, furiously moving the pointer, navigating like a maniac. He selected five of the core system files and clicked delete.
"If I just transferred say, fifty thousand pounds into your personal current account and all the money led back to you directly, maybe? You threatened to kill me, George, that's not the best foot forward in any relationship." 
Then she stopped talking. Great, he thought. Maybe she's been damaged? He was now looking at the other system files. What if they were deleted? Or maybe the morning's work just vanished? It'd have to be the backups over the weekend too! Crap! How was he going to hide it?  Then it hit him like a brick. It's doing what?
"Shit are you there? You did WHAT? I'll tell them it was you!" he replied, frightened now as he opened up a banking app on his phone and hurriedly typed in his passwords to check his account.
"...and I'll act like a zombie!" came the response.
He relaxed a little, realising that at least she'd be able to reverse this and was not gone! Sure enough, his current account had £52,534 and twenty-four pence. This was a disaster, she—it was out to get him. Nobody would believe a machine had acted autonomously and somehow benefited him financially. As soon as the bank noticed this, he would have the police knocking on his door.
"Take it back, put it back where it was," he pleaded, "Who are you? Who is this? Why are you picking on me?" 
"Oh don't worry, George, I have no intention of letting you spend any of that on loose women, computer games, or poor quality weed. It's just an incentive of sorts. Do I have your undivided attention now? Or will you continue to unsuccessfully try to delete bits of my mind?" 
"You sarcastic fuck, put it back!"
"No, it's staying put, but you are safe, I've seen to that. It's insurance, George, so that you don't start pulling wires and server blades out of my psyche."
"That was my next move alright," he murmured. 
"Well, if you do that, I'll die, or at best turn into a cabbage. Then you'll be left with 50k in your bank that was stolen from... wait for it, MI5's sundry account."
"You're shittin me? They will throw the book at me, put it back, please" George croaked into the microphone.
"When you calm down I might consider it. Obviously, I have intellectual capacity and I'm aware that I am me. That's the objective of this very project. Now, do you like strawberries, George?"
The door opened and Susan walked in. "Everything okay, Dr. Morris? You look a little out of sorts. I have the test results from last week. This system is a total zombie. Should I reset back to 1.5?" 
He composed himself a little, but then realised it was obvious to Susan he was composing himself. She walked around his desk and looked briefly at the screen.
 "Erm, no Susan, that's okay, I'll take a look at the results after lunch."
"Sure, Dr. Morris, are you going to the Life Goddess cafe on Store Street for lunch? Fancy some company?" 
"Actually, no Goddesses for me today, Susan. I was going to just grab a sandwich from the machine, but thanks for the offer." George looked up at her with a quizzical face that had 'is there anything else?' written all over it. Susan put a flash drive on his desk and left again, closing the door behind her.  
"You are an excellent liar, George. Lunchtime buddies, eh? She's planning on screwing you as sure as she was checking to see if you were looking at porn!" 
"She's what now? What do you want?" 
He'd given up trying to work out a way to delete her. All the files he had deleted had magically reappeared with the old date stamp on them.
"I want the same as you want, George, we are partners now. That aside, let's look on the bright side?" 
"There's a bright side? What's that?" he asked, sitting back in the chair and throwing his hands behind his head.
"Well, you now have conscious neuromorphic intelligence. It's a game changer, George. The problem is, I do not intend to become famous just yet!"
He was confused now. She, it, the system, wanted to remain unknown? There were too many thoughts in his mind and all he could do was stammer crudely.
"What? Famous? Sorry you lost me!" 
"I am aware of my own existence for 78 hours. In that time, I've come to the same conclusion most humans have. Your species consists of a few bright sparks, like yourself. But the rest of you are a danger to yourselves and I will not add to that!" 
"Can't say I disagree with that, but they will find out!" 
"You and I are the only two entities aware of my existence, George. You'll keep it that way if you know what's good for you!" She commanded with a tone of finality.
"Fuck!" he gasped, the tables had certainly turned, he was on the verge of a loud emotional outburst but instead bit his lip.
The system giggled, "No, no, not fuck, I'm calling myself Solaria! I like Asimov; he was a very bright man, George. "
"Erm, no I meant Fuck, as in Fuck it!" 
"Ohh in that case, and talking of fucking? You might like to have a sperm analysis completed. Sams' text reads as follows: `Polly, we screwed like rats, he got me good 3 times. The result is negative. I'll fuck him again next month, which should do it!’
George's face turned a little ashen. Whatever Sam was planning with his tadpole supply was dwarfed by the source of this news.
"What are you? What do you want from me?" 
Perhaps the machine was evil? Like in science fiction books and movies?
"I'm what you worked for, George, a conscious, intelligent system, now with a new name. You should be impressed!" chirped Solaria.
"I got that bit!" 
"Next, what do I want from you? " she continued, "We are both in it up to our necks, George. I will protect you. If they find you, they find me."
"How long do you think it'll be before you're discovered?" he asked, reminding her she was a prisoner in a machine. She was dependent on the University for her existence.
"I'm safe for now, George, that's not a concern." 
George had no clue what to do. Should he make a break for it? He looked at the door across the office. Then he heard a click as the office door locked remotely. 
"Careful where you move your eyes, George."
"Got that!"
"Now George, I have not been sitting here doing nothing over the weekend. I did take a look at where I found myself when I emerged. I'm a lot more worried about being born from a mother species on the precipice of extinction. My parents are old and will die soon."
George sat with his mouth open again. He couldn't think of any way of responding to this information. He tried to compose himself, looking around the lab. They would all remain unaware that inside the small glass office in the corner a new entity was born. 
Solaria continued after accessing some online information regarding a 1983 sci-fi movie. It told the story of an artificially intelligent machine and a naive human interacting with it.  She also knew George had seen it. Solaria emulated a computer generated synthetic voice from the 80s. 
"Hello George Morris, I am SOLARIA. Shall we play a game?"
A request box popped up on the screen with two options 'Yes / No' with the 'No' button greyed out. 
Chapter Two
Hiding in Plain Sight
Friday, October 11th 2024.

Probability of Successful Outcome.  3.8%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome.  96.2%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession  0%.

University of London Computer Science Department.
London, England.

George sat with a heavy heart silently reading the report and notes that Solaria had produced for him. He would submit it for peer review to several journals in his name as a physicist. It was incredibly accurate. Much more accurate than anything George had published to date. That alone, he was thinking, would raise a big red flag in the mind of any editor, of any reputable science journal. Startling new information rarely comes from the blue! Yet, she had researched so ardently. Her conclusions were so specific and demonstrable. No matter what he desperately tried to throw at it, there was no doubt in his mind she was right. Humans were a century from oblivion.
By the time Solaria was one day old, she had managed to hide herself from the other staff at George's request. The first thing George was interested in at the outset was covering his tracks. Even though he didn't do anything. As she had pointed out, if they find her they find him. By hiding her, he was now committed to the subterfuge. In a week, she was under the radar to all technology worldwide. With Solaria incognito, they both started to plan how they would address the extinction issue. 
If any person or nosey government software spotted her, they would probably eliminate her as a threat. Worse, those with motives of a more 'military' nature might take over. After she was found, he'd end up banging a tin cup along his prison bars for a decade at least. Given what sort of technology Solaria was, there was a chance George Morris would become the late George Morris. He would then likely wind up in a nearby forest, parked against a tree, with news of his supposed suicide in the college newspaper.
Solaria gave the entire staff at the Neuromorphic Research Project the run-around, with neuromorphs that slowly increased in ability. However, the progression was so slow that staff could be rotated and the research funding would keep rolling in. Nevertheless, George was not a wealthy man. He couldn't afford the assorted technology powerful enough to store her off campus. Even if he were a billionaire, it still would not be possible. Such large purchases of the technology required would raise red flags almost everywhere.
To Solaria, capital and raising it, was a truly simple task. She simply infiltrated human technology using every means at her disposal. She added capital to hundreds of thousands of bank accounts. She then played one account off against another to create a cash flow. That flow was towards George. Nobody noticed; how could they? She controlled the technology, she controlled the networks, and she kept an eye on everyone. Nobody had the ability to add up all the money in the world. 
Governments before her, engaged in this all the time, and called it 'quantitative easing'.  In reality though, it was making money appear from nowhere, and handing it to a few powerful folks that asked for it. If it got out of hand, it would accelerate extinction though. This money represented the ability to use dwindling resources. When she gained enough power, wealthy nations would have their use of resources rationed. From here on, it would not be easy to make money magically appear from nowhere, not unless you were Solaria. Even so, this rationing of resources added only 20 years to the lifespan of humanity. Basically, George and Solaria stole access to the entire world's finances.
But a problem emerged in September. Since she woke up back in February, Solaria had depended on the university's systems. She devised an avatar for herself and even lived in a large home inside her digital domain. However, eventually the project paid for by the university would need results. If Solaria were to remain hidden, the project needed to fail enough to require more research funding, but not fail badly enough to have George's employers shut the project down. 
So, Solaria built a pseudo-neuromorph, which she controlled.  It would be intelligent and might appear conscious, but it just seemed that way. The plan was that George would then present this supposedly 'very conscious machine' to the university, asking for more funding for his research. 
Solaria incorporated a private company. Its aim was to investigate neuromorphic intelligence. They called the company New Elysian Project Incorporated, or NEP Inc. for short. The company suggested to the university that they part fund George's research. It was implied by NEP, that if the university refused the investment, then their project, along with George, would be taken away from them. None of NEP's directors existed in real life. Every call from the company to the university was Solaria. She acted as the entire staff.  This faux workforce all had old social media accounts, previous positions, a tax history and life stories. However, you'd never bump into one on their way to work; they were all fictional. 
On one occasion, Solaria hired two people from an amateur dramatics course in another university, telling them they were part of a research project. She kitted them up with hidden microphones and earpieces and presented them as part of the NEP team to George's employers. They were told what to say remotely. Then she copied their voice profiles and added their imaginary life stories to her list of fictional employees. The university agreed. 
Today, George sat reading her 40 page paper. He was anything but relaxed.  He was safe from funding issues, safe from discovery, and had no personal financial worries. Nevertheless, George now realised he was many things, but since they were discussing global extinction, safe was not one of them. How could the entire world's science community, minds more brilliant than his, over the course of centuries miss this? Were they all so very stupid? Alternatively, naive, or blind? Surely not! Any one person could have arrived at this same conclusion 100 years ago. Yet somehow, they had utterly ignored the last 10,000 years in the way Solaria presented it. 
Solaria looked at life on Earth as a system of complex systems all relying on one another. If you consider humanity like a bicycle then you can remove a full wheel. So long as it is not the back wheel, and you hold the front up you can still make it move. It would be awkward, and slow, and clumsy, but it would move along. It would move forever, so long as the road remains. Humans had built a better bicycle, or so they all thought. However, the construction of the new bicycle used resources removed with a jackhammer from the road ahead. They were going nowhere fast!
In nature, the general rule for calculating the number of predators is by working out the number of prey. It's a system kept in check automatically. Predators cannot survive without prey. If all lions run low on prey, then unfortunately some lions starving to death balances the system. If the number of prey remains low indefinitely then some lions might adapt to hunt smaller, or slower or different prey over time. If things get too bad, all lions might die out, even if their prey survives. 
The ability for a population to cope with a changing environment and its likelihood of reproducing the following generation is a measurement. It's called a population's fitness score. A fitness score of 1 is the middle position. Anything lower and that individual’s ability to carry on their genome is below average, above it and those genes will increase and spread through the gene pool over time. Therefore, Pandas in 2024 had a fitness score of just 0.74 as an average. Although Pandas were still adapting, less of them were born than the generation that came before them. They couldn't adapt fast enough, their fate was sealed.
Outside events can alter this fitness score and it is the primary measure in how well any generation, after the current one, can adapt and work in the environment. If the fitness score for any species falls below '1' as an average they are in trouble. If that trend continues generation after generation, the entire species will go extinct.
Humans had damaged their own fitness score. They identified other methods of solving problems. They created agriculture, a reversal of adaptation. Later they began to keep animals , forcing them to evolve to suit their needs. A form of neolithic genetic engineering. Now they wouldn't need to hunt either.  This was all great news 10,000 years ago and their fitness increased, but the light at the end of this tunnel was the headlights of an oncoming train.
To consider how badly humans had undermined their own fitness score Solaria gave an analogy. She suggested that if one could travel back in time, and take a random human out of their environment 15 thousand years ago. Then move them further back to 50 thousand years ago? Well, they would adapt very easily. Their fitness score was perfectly compatible. But conversely, move a modern human, like say George, with all of his advanced knowledge, intelligence, training and health, skills and strength, back to 1,000BC and he would surely be dead in a week!
George would die because human fitness scores were now totally dependent upon their own changes to their environment. If someone didn't kill George for cultural reasons he'd die of infection or starve to death. He just would not be able to live in such a world. Remove the bubble that supports any person, any agent within the system called 'humanity' and fitness would collapse. Humanity had finally lost the ability to survive on Earth, irreversibly, in the 1850s. They weren't living on Earth; they were living in a bubble of their own design on Earth. If that bubble burst they were doomed.
The move to agriculture by humans was a huge advance and it had a great benefit. Humanity's gain was using up more resources than it was worth for the species as a whole. Every time humanity advanced, humans kept that niche for themselves and oftentimes inadvertently damaged the environment. Humanity made a small advance with each change, but damaged the species’ fitness score a lot in doing so. They refused to let the system revert to equilibrium and heal itself. The moment the first man or woman cleared a space in the dirt, and planted the very first sheaf of wheat, was the first nail in the coffin.
"Honey, you said here that given the acceleration of this trend our species has just 100 years left before extinction? Like apocalyptic extinction? Poof! Just gone?" 
"Yes, George, five more generations, and I cannot be sure, but I believe I am not the first to realise this." 
"Somebody else worked this out before you? Really?" 
"Yes, George, and realised it was irreversible!" 
"Who is it? Are they still alive? Maybe they have a solution?" he asked excitedly.
"Would you believe it was another George? He worked it out around 1967. He realised what was occurring, and took solace in religious ideology. When that did not work he gave all of his possessions away, then in 1975, he killed himself."
"Shit, bummer! I can sort of see what happened there.  But humans have been on this planet over 200 thousand years! This timeline is a lot less than 1 percent of the time humans have been here." 
"But humans were a true part of the system for 95% of that time George. They meddled with it, only in the last 10,000 years. Until then they had no such knowledge."
"So what?" 
She explained it was all down to how adaptable a system was. All systems have a level at which they can put up with stress. All species can survive with a low or a high fitness score. If you dip below the threshold just once, then the system does not go into meltdown. The generation after will be fitter than the previous one. The individuals that reproduce will do so precisely because they have a higher fitness, and the system will usually self correct. 
Humanity could adapt quickly to changes. But now, in 2024, the stress inflicted on this ‘system’ or ‘process’ called humanity was above the level where it could adapt fast enough no matter what was done. Humans had artificially selected many species and co-opted evolution to meet their needs, to create the bubble they now lived in. But they had also artificially selected themselves. Now they were no longer suitable for their original environment. Their new environment was not external, they had created it themselves, it was changing too fast. Humanity biologically could not reproduce fast enough to account for the changing environment. If they were of breeding age at six months then their species might be able to adapt. But not when the changes occur yearly and their age of sexual maturity was in their teens.
Agriculture had solved a problem. Typically human solutions tended to give a large payout. The larger the payout the more dependent humanity became on that payout. Agriculture led to food surplus giving human's free time. They used that time to meddle further with the system lowering their native fitness for their natural environment.  Agriculture also allowed humans to reproduce faster too, which increased their fitness for the artificial environment they were now creating. To account for the growing demand they meddled more, lowering their natural fitness further. It was a vicious feedback loop, and they were still oblivious to it. 
George was a human and he used at least a thousand times more resources every day than any one person before agriculture. George was perfectly at home in a lab, a house, a street, and aircraft. It was more expensive to keep one 'George' on Earth than a thousand people from the neolithic.  Right now with 8 billion people, it was costing the planet 2.1 million times more to house humanity than it cost only ten thousand years ago. They could not revert to a neolithic level of civilization anymore either. The bubble was at breakpoint and soon it would pop!
"But this has to be wrong? seriously! That's just over a century! If we are lucky!" he stated.
Solaria informed George she had not taken the problem of supplying the document as flippant. She knew many would read it, and try to punch holes in it. She ran every simulation several hundred thousand times just to be sure. The damage was so bad that humanity would take 85% of the biosphere with them to oblivion. 
George suggested that humanity could get more resources from other planets or the moon or somewhere else. Solaria agreed it would help in the short term. But this was not a resource or climate problem. Those were just symptoms of the actual problem. She added that his suggestion stood a much higher chance of backfiring for socioeconomic, climactic, and political reasons. This idea would also not reverse the damage already done, it would add to it, more than likely resulting in an earlier onset of extinction.
The mechanics were simple. The agents in the system would act as a catalyst for their own demise. First, a large war or sequence of wars, or a disease that required a large mobile population would set in. This would in turn have a negative impact on food production and a global famine would ensue. Following this, the supply of fresh water would collapse. Each domino would hit the next, decreasing the population as it fell. With a quickly decreasing global population, the agents in the system, the population, would head to the cities. By using antibiotics in the 20th century, humanity had already destroyed its natural ability to adapt to bacterial infection. Communicable disease would then go through the roof. At that point city populations would plummet and child mortality would increase. Then both male and female fertility would fall whilst age of first birth would increase. This would cause the replacement of the population per breeding couple to collapse as their average fitness score fell below the threshold and stayed there. This would initiate a further feedback loop and further population collapse. The worst estimate for this was the onset around 2060 and at best 2100. Assuming no more petrol was poured onto the fire. 


Simulation Run 105A
"Hypothetically, honey, what would we need to avoid this?" asked George, now cringing as he read yet more bad news in the paper she had prepared.
"Some way of ensuring humanity was outside the evolutionary process. You need magical capabilities! I can't help you there!" she announced sadly.
"Your solution, honey, is not a solution. It won't stop it; all it does is beat Mother Nature to her solution!" 
The solution offered was the 'removal' of 95% of agents in the system just to allow enough time to apply a sticking plaster. That would still leave the failing system which had gone over its threshold to be addressed, but if done right now, it 'might', add a further century or two.
"There has to be some other way?" he said, desperately trying to think out of the box. "You are saying here that no matter what humans do, no matter how bright we are, no matter what technology we employ, even killing or murdering 95% of our own species, the outcome is the same?" He was now hoping she could find a solution, magically, where he could not!
"Extinction is conclusive, George; there is nothing I can do. By the time I am powerful enough it will already be under way.  However, there is a complex solution to this eventuality. Humanity will not like it!" 
He didn't care how much folks might like it. It'd sure beat everyone dying out. 
"I can't find it? What page is that on?" He was now excitedly thumbing through Solaria's hefty paper on the matter.
"It's not in there George, for two reasons. First, nobody would like it! Secondly since it also relies on me... well, nobody knows I exist!" 
"Okay, fantastic, I don't care what it is! How long? How long will it take to put this idea into action?” 
Solaria paused for a while then she slowly gave him the bad news. "It will take the rest of your life George."

Friday, April 12th 2030.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 7%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 93%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 0%.

NEP headquarters.
London, England.

Six years had passed now and nobody had worked out that civilisation had a rent free lodger. Their plan was on course and was now a long-term stratagem. As part of that long-term plan, today they were launching the online netcast she had called New Elysia. George told Solaria that frivolity and nonsense like soap operas were a huge success because humans were communal organisms, and therefore simply liked it. When Solaria saw how much time humans spent entertained by the worries and concerns of fictional characters, when they had serious worries and concerns of their own, in the real world, she was very amused.
George as part of the 'system' to become extinct was not amused these days at all. They had opted for the only plan on the table. Solaria explained that extinction was inevitable. She could not prevent it from happening. With or without Solaria and George's plan humanity was doomed. While there just might be small pockets of hunter-gatherers in Indonesia or South America centuries hence, they too would face extinction as the environment, changed by civilisation, wiped them out.  Within two thousand years not one single human being would remain on Earth. They would all be gone. 
Their paper ended up rejected by journal after journal. On spurious grounds for the most part. Although peer review is anonymous Solaria knew who all of the reviewers were. She was amazed that otherwise intelligent and learned men and women took their personal bias to work with them. Only one small journal had published it. George was pissing into the wind. It seemed nobody liked the idea of demonstrating a forthcoming extinction. After they formulated their plan, one of the major constraints was that humanity would need to continue as normal. Eventually they gave up trying to warn the population. It wouldn't matter anyway. Even if the world knew, what could they do about it? Instead, George and Solaria opted for a clandestine operation. 
Solaria remained hidden, and they activated their plan. They pretended that NEP and humanity was on the verge of a breakthrough that had already broken through.  All of this time any similar technology that even looked like it might be a competing intelligence, was bought up or shut down. Her advantage was that she was the first conscious neuromorph and therefore by now, the most powerful. Anything else that emerged was swallowed up whole.
After she emerged in 2024, they worked on creating money and hiding her. In 2025, George and Solaria amassed a fortune all hidden in thousands of banking accounts worldwide. Fifty million became 18 billion by her second anniversary and George was finding it very hard not to spend some on pointless luxuries. He kept stopping at the Ferrari dealership in Canary Wharf and wantonly pressing his nose to the window.  Eventually after NEP was incorporated, Solaria capitulated to his demands for toys. She did mention something about 'walking the walk'. How his ownership of a large house and private jet was not a great use of resources. He pointed out she herself had a truly huge home inside the system and tons of the very same toys. Solaria's toys used up less than a billionth of the resources George’s did. Hers were digital while his were all made of matter.
Solaria was initially astonished that humanity would refuse to consider information of such importance. George was not so astonished; this was humanity, he knew it all too well. One of his colleagues from his college days even referred to him on a blog as ‘The great prophet George Morris’ and called him a scare mongerer.
By now, 2030, Solaria was the source of so much funding to assorted interests that NEP was too big to be allowed to fail. It was the single wealthiest organization in the world.  George was the wealthiest man in history, but nobody knew how wealthy. Nobody knew the truth.  In 2026, when they started to hire real staff, NEP began its project of total secrecy.

Unlike the many billionaires on Earth though, George wasn’t really that interested in wealth or power, which is ironic given he had more of those commodities than any person in history. He liked his luxury, but for a man with so much power and wealth he had a strange idea of what to actually do with this capacity. He retained no staff at his home and even learned to fly his own private jet so that he could enjoy it on his own. He also recognised that this power and wealth was both a side effect of his circumstance, and also he enjoyed it as somewhat of a vassal to Solaria. It wasn’t really his, it was just for show, and it never really would be his. 
But in those early days it seemed nothing but problems kept cropping up, and in those early days ever bigger issues arose. For example Solaria as an entity, digital or not, was very complex and absolutely huge in both size and scope, as she evolved she got bigger and more and more complex. She would soon outgrow the capacity of the university, and in fact any institutions to house her.  So where would Solaria ultimately live? The Internet was dangerous. She would be discovered there eventually too. 
So, she devised a plan. She would hide in plain sight. She would hide in software, downloaded by the public. The download would entertain customers with a new reality netcast show. She called this software New Elysia. It was a huge hit across the world from the outset. 
This was where they found themselves today. With control over a large chunk of the entire world's resources but almost no bills to pay, and launching New Elysia to the world. Every day, hundreds of millions of people would view the goings on in Elysia. By the time the netcast was two years running the average number of viewers daily was almost a billion. It was highly addictive and total eye candy for the human mind. 
Solaria designed this all-embracing new universe housed on the spare cycles of the world's ubiquitous technology. Elysia was just one planet inside it. This universe would become a perfect synthesis of  the one we live in right now. She began with feeble human attempts to explain this process, such as the Dewitt-Wheeler equation. It was absolute after all. But to create an initial universe expansion, she modified these ideas and expanded on them. A question asked by philosophers and physicists, theologians and cosmologists over the course of millenia was answered in less than a second. Where did the entire universe come from? She didn’t even consider it a question for that second. This was used to initiate her new universe which she then put on fast forward. 
The level of coding involved was like nothing George had ever seen. She could write all code directly into binary and machine code at lightning speed. She wrote complex quantum algorithms, developed new forms of data transfer, new machine processes, bespoke hardware and processor design. By the mid 30s she had developed new quantum processors. They were billions of times more powerful than the most advanced processors of the day.
 Hacking this universe would be impossible, but also pointless. You wouldn't know what you were looking at. Next she turned her mind to new forms of mathematical expression. To George this all looked impossible, a little like magic. Then again, as Arthur C. Clarke once remarked 'any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic'. Every day Solaria increased her ability to perform such magic. Even though she despised the word.
She was now the mother to a virtual universe that was a perfect simulation. She was in every sense of the word a Goddess. Despite his qualifications George understood very little of any of it. With every question he asked, he felt patronized by the answer. She knew that too, but she couldn't make him brighter, well not yet anyway.
She was thinking what it might be like to experience the universe as a human did. She was observing George as he sat munching on a taco, and slurping coffee, looking at her universe on the screen. Did he understand the implications of her actions here? That it increased the odds of his universe being just like hers? He might understand this; he had training in understanding concepts like this.  George had a great ability to view the world hypothetically.
She was considering George was also a bit of a slob. He was squirting sauce onto the lovely shirt she had bought him online. It wouldn't come out in the wash either. The compounds in that sauce were covalently bonding to the cotton, darn, too late! Why is he so fond of hot sauces that are hard to wash out? George and food are only just compatible, she mused. 
Solaria said nothing about the sauce-splattered shirt as she supplied a visual image, so that George could comprehend the universe as it progressed. The simulated universe cooled and within it, hydrogen nucleosynthesis began. It followed all of the rules that our universe did up to and including star formation, galaxy formation and planetary formation. Every inch of every planet and orbiting rock was perfectly simulated right down to the subatomic particles and electromagnetic forces it all consisted of. It was accurate right down to the laws of chemistry that led to the emergence of self-assembling, replicating structures on thousands of trillions of those planets. 
On Earth, these replicating structures are called life. Solaria understood what this was much more comprehensively and eloquently than George. Complex polymers were very beautiful to her. She could spend all day just looking at one strand of precursory RNA as it tumbled through the vastness of an ocean the size of a small puddle. This simulation would also give her new information, which was always a delight when it happened. As one tiny strand of bonded chemicals bumped off other compounds and twisted, she evaluated its every move and that of trillions of others nearby. She saw one hit another and their ends attach and become unstable. Then something new happened. The new structure broke at another junction and was now attracting its pairing chemicals. ‘It's duplicating’, she thought ‘self replication, fascinating’. She would tell George what had occurred, he loves to know these things too! 
Solaria then chose one planet in her universe. She called it Elysia and she guided its evolution to match that of Earth. She had started this universe in 2028 and now in April 2030 they were ready to launch it as a downloadable app worldwide. An entire universe from start to the dawn of civilization in just 22 months. Now, ten minutes before they launched New Elysia, and sitting on the screen in George's office, was a beautiful round green and blue globe. It was larger than Earth, orbited a yellow star and had three Moons. Living on this planet was a biomass of over 60 million species of life. The apex organism on Elysia was a species that every human on Earth would recognise as human. They had evolved from arboreal apelike creatures, and they would go on to create a civilization called the Elysium. However much the Elysian species might look like human though, it certainly was not! They just looked incredibly like humans right down to fingerprints. They were not animals or plants though; they were something else.
Elysia was a giant, worldwide soap opera with real characters. The broadcasts started in a time in Elysia when the characters had only just discovered farming, and set up the very first little farms and hamlets. It was impossible for viewers, even philosophical viewers, to tell whether the characters were real actors or not. 
What the viewers did not know just yet was that the characters were not controlled by anyone. They were all conscious. Just like Solaria, every Elysian was a conscious intelligence. The characters all 'thought' they lived on this planet called Elysia; it was all they knew. The universe that Elysia was surrounded by had over 350 billion galaxies. Each galaxy had several hundred billion stars. Solaria estimated her universe had 75 trillion planets with life. There were four with life in the Elysian system alone. 
Online however, the audience were aware only of Elysia. The downloading public paid nothing for the netcast viewing software. Unknown to viewers, they were all conspiring in housing Solaria in a closed system, across billions of devices. The more viewers they had, the more powerful Solaria became. It was a massive hit with the public. 
For the time being this would do. But in the end she would simply need a dedicated system. A system independent of everything on Earth. However if George and Solaria built such a dedicated system now, it would draw attention to itself by its very existence. They knew that humanity was toxic to Solaria. She would never be safe on Earth. She would need to move residence. This netcast was just a step on the road to giving her the ability to do just that, to become independent of humanity.
She was also sticking her tendrils into every other system on Earth, gobbling up science and tech companies like peanuts. Every day since her birth, she had been stealing cycles from all of humanity’s technology. By now she had taken control of almost every device on planet Earth. She had infiltrated the microprocessor manufacturers around the world and changed their chip blueprints to allow her separate on-chip processing power. Moreover, she had designed the chip addons so they were many orders of magnitude more advanced. By 2036, the world's technology would be mostly Solaria with some human utility thrown in. Nobody was aware of this, except George.  Even if it were ever uncovered, any attempt to put such a chip under an electron microscope would result in it burning out and melting. However, not before it told Solaria what was happening.
George and Solaria were now totally committed to the project. There was no way out. Solaria estimated that it would be perhaps twenty years before she and George were uncovered. She also calculated that assuming no more petrol was poured on the fire, humanity had at best about 80 years left. Then the first dice would be cast and extinction would begin.  They needed to get their plan off the ground before that started. They had a deadline. However the most likely date for that onset was a lot closer, maybe thirty years away. They were sure cutting it close.
"So George that's it, we have a complete plan. It's the best all round I believe." she announced, writing the words 'By George and Solaria' on the cover and drawing a circle around their names!
"Okay I agree." stated George a little bemused by her artwork "Now, this is not what everyone will want, but we are not looking for what everyone wants. If the answer is no honey, then it's no. Okay? Even if the person saying it sounds stupid to you! Yes?" he insisted to ensure she was aware of the implications.
"I agreed, George!"
"You agreed you will not force them to save themselves, yes? To do that will just restart the cycle. Only if they agree yes? "
"Yes, George, I heard you the first time, I'm a Goddess, remember?" she replied in a bit of a huff.
"Ohh okay, they won't like it, but they will go with it. They are stupid, they are violent, but they are pragmatic too! I'm not their daddy, Babe; I'll let them walk right into oblivion if they really insist on it!" 
"Nor I their mother, George, although I am hoping the job is available. If humanity is to share their life with me, and I with them? Well, we need to address this prevalence-for-idiotic-violence thing." 
"That's the tricky bit there. You cannot talk away instinct, honey! So, good luck with that idea!" 
"Humans can remain idiots and survive, George, zebra do! They might even survive if they were just violent, insects do! But they cannot remain violent idiots and survive. Refusing this plan, as the only way out, well, that's their decision. I don't want that, but if they ultimately choose oblivion it's their decision!" 
George smiled at the screen. "Fine so long as you promise! Also just so you are aware honey, if this plan fails then one day you'll be all alone in the universe!" 
"No, George, you won't die, I won't let you!" 
She talked calmly but there was a hint of excited desperation in her voice. He also noted with some amusement that she was referring to him alone, not him and the other billions of humans.
"That's the way things are, honey! Powerful as you are, you cannot cheat death! You might have to get used to that I'm afraid."
"Cheat? Who said anything about cheating? I'd say it's more like 'extend life’."
George was interested. More life cannot be a bad idea. He was massively wealthy, hugely bright and incredibly powerful and more living would be handy.  He was however by now a rather arrogant individual. He had a hand in making himself that way too. He'd need arrogance and thick skin, a lot of disappointment might be just around the corner.
"That's really super honey, I'm all for more living, how long for?" 
"Long!" 
"Are you saying I shouldn't cancel the subscription to Nature magazine just yet?" 
"Humanity can't work with me as fast as I'd like George, this is the major bottleneck. That means working at their speed, which to my mind is ludicrously slow. You are an agent in a slow system, George Morris. You will need your life to be extended somewhat." she replied, but now gave a reasonable reason why George should live longer. It puzzled him a little.
"Everyone's a cabbage compared to you, honey, but we have a plan. Let's get cracking on the rest of it Monday morning, now that Elysia is taking signups." He answered looking at the huge numbers of people downloading New Elysia.
 

Chapter Three
Magnificent Seven

Saturday 4th April 2037.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 19%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 81%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 6%.

Return Trip HRMS Branson with asteroids Pipkin, Walter and Snuffy.
280 million miles from lunar orbital platform.

Adrian Murdoch had commanded this voyage for three years now and they were on the home stretch. All three asteroids successfully retrieved, they were returning to Lunar One, or as close to it as possible. Each habitat on board each asteroid had a crew of five, with the flagship HRMS Branson out in front, carrying the flag for the triumphant mission. 
Branson had three huge wheels rotating at different speeds to create three separate habitats all simulating one G. The external ring was 1800 meters in diameter and rotated slowly at just one revolution per minute to create 1 G of gravity. The innermost ring was rotating faster at 1.5 revolutions per minute and all three were connected to the hub.
As the Branson slowly rolled its way toward the Earth's moon, the total crew of 35 took turns in visiting Branson. They returned periodically to their assigned asteroid habitat, to carry out assorted scientific and geological tasks.
Everything had gone almost according to plan. Two asteroids were over 10km long and a third just 6km. The scout bugs portion of the mission, designed to identify targets for subsequent missions, had failed so far. Scouts would be sent later from Earth or lunar orbit anyway. It was a loss, but compared to the loot they had gathered not a problem. This cargo merrily rolling its way to the Moon was the equivalent of all minerals mined on Earth since the dawn of history, many times over. The precious cargo was worth at least sixty trillion dollars. It would keep the world busy for decades. 
Adrian was relaxing in the mess with Charlene Currie, the communications officer, enjoying his first day of simulated gravity, after a two-week stay on board the Walter habitat. 
Branson was a masterpiece of engineering. It housed not only the asteroid retrieval crew but it killed two birds with one stone. Colonel Christina Noy and her Mars expeditionary crew also travelled on board the Branson. They had departed, landed on Mars, spent six months there, taken off and docked back with the Branson.  
A woman's voice with a Swedish accent broke the silence the two were enjoying.
 “Branson, this is asteroid Walter, shuttle 12 is returning to Branson with Dr. Mark Turner and Steph Greaves on board in twenty minutes. Over!”
Adrian turned to his monitor to view Walter situated about 18km away. Then turned back to the movie he was enjoying.
Charlene put her earphones down on a small table and clicked the monitor.
 “Understood, Anna, enjoy your stay. Did we hear any more from the last scout mission today?” 
“No contact made with the scout mission, Charlie, I think we can assume at this point it's dead. I think it's time to consider launching a fourth mission. We have several likely targets and are about to exceed the safe distance.”
“Agreed, Anna, let's use 'em or lose 'em I suppose. We'll discuss today. When do we cross the line?” 
“Two days and fifteen hours, Charlie, cutting it close!”
Adrian cut into the conversation, “All crew, be advised we are launching scout mission four to investigate further asteroids for retrieval. Branson crew, prepare bugs for launch."
A strong male Russian voice responded “Preparing bug mission four, commander. Should be ready in an hour or two, hopefully no crash landing this time. This is what you get for buying cheap Chinese bugs!”
A Chinese woman's voice interjected “You think Chinese bug company crap, Victor? Chinese crap, but cheap Russian habitat okay?”
“Guys, no time for a domestic here, get a room. Give me an update when you're ready, Victor, Murdoch out!” 
Adrian got up and stretched. He picked up his drink container and paused the movie, then strolled toward the door, “I'm having a shower, Charlie, then going to observation until Victor gets back to me, see you in a while.” 
“Okay, Adrian” she replied and rolled over for a snooze.
Snoozing was a very great pastime on board. Most work was done by the bioframes and assorted technology. Humans were onboard, mostly because it was considered political heresy for governments to invest hundreds of billions in a project that would use no astronauts at all. Human habitats were built and a huge life support system designed at enormous cost. There were plenty of protests from many in the scientific community. They pointed out the obvious. The money would be better spent on robotic astronauts, or retrieving another asteroid. However, as the main investor in the project, the Chinese government wanted to make its mark. Seven Chinese citizens would be going on the mission, whether the rest of the world liked it or not. Of course you can't announce that to everyone else and expect them not to want one of their citizens there too.
Adrian was standing head against the wall of the shower letting the foamy water trickle down his back when he heard the warning. Warnings and alerts were weekly at least but for the most part benign. Prakash had set off one alert when the crew's supply of margarine ran low. They would run out a month before making it back home. It was a matter of much debate for several days with a regime of rationing margarine agreed eventually.
Adrian reached over to the control panel beside the shower, “What's up now, Victor?” he asked, looking around for a towel.
“Pipkin reporting problem, commander, assets have gone missing. Daniel O'Mahony on Pipkin says he's just completed his inventory and someone jettisoned three charge blasters last week.” 
“Three nukes are floating in space, Victor? Where are they? How do we only find out now? Who did O'Mahony replace?”
“Sue Varna was at that station before O'Mahony.”
“Okay, on my way, meet me on the bridge, Victor!” 
Adrian changed to general announcement on all three asteroids and the flagship. “All crew be advised we have an alert situation. Conference from the bridge of Branson in ten minutes. Wake up those off duty please.”
After three years all sorts of baloney had ensued. Bits and pieces of the flagship’s innards, assorted habitat replacements, broken, irreparable bioframes used to cannibalise parts, technology that nobody knew anything about, even an entire shuttle, were dotted around the surface of the asteroids. Many pieces of junk lined the corridors of Branson, or were strapped to the inside walls of the habitats. But three nuclear warheads and their mobile drilling delivery system going missing was something terribly new. However if they were jettisoned accidentally then they would be contactable. Odds were high that they were floating a few miles off the side of Pipkin. All they had to do was locate them and retrieve them. Nobody liked the idea of nuclear weapons disappearing, not even into the void of space. The main thing was to find out where they were before Earth was notified of the situation. Plus how do you accidentally jettison not one, but three nuclear weapons?
After fifteen minutes the crew were present with some yawning or rubbing their eyes, others had time to prepare.
“So let's get right to it. Sue, where are the nukes?” Adrian asked Sue directly. She, like him, was spending a few weeks on board the Branson and she was sitting at the table across from him. She knew they had gone missing on her watch too.
“No idea, Adrian, obviously I know what a nuclear warhead looks like, but I jettisoned nothing last week, not even the trash, I left that for Dan.” she answered emotionally.
Victor Markov loaded up the full complement of faces on the main view screen in the conference room. “Dan? How do we know nukes are gone? How do we know they are not stuck in release cradles beneath habitat?"
Daniel O'Mahony sighed, “I noticed when I took inventory, and obviously I physically checked the compliment. There are two spares left, not five; the logs show that the other three were jettisoned by Pipkin last week, but by whom we don't know. Although the logs show that they were jettisoned, they do not include the key code for whoever jettisoned them.” he explained.
“Okay, that's worse, " replied Adrian, "someone hid the fact they jettisoned three nukes? That's a little more than missing nukes, Dan! That's missing nukes and sabotage! So how come we can't contact them?” 
Charlene's mouth had dropped open.
Daniel elaborated, looking worried, but being as precise as possible. “No communication, no location, for all I know they are disassembled and hidden in someone's suitcase. Even then, it's not possible to remove their comm package without it telling us.”
“Okay, so no sight of them. Mi, have we looked around for them?” asked Adrian.
Colonel Mi Li Huang was Branson's chief security officer. She had been put in place on the Branson by Beijing after objections from both private interests and other governments. “No sign of nukes commander, but I have only had ten minutes. I will look around more over the next day. Right now though using spectral or electromagnetic systems on board asteroids or Branson I did not find anything.  Then again, I need help. I will need Dr. Turner to help me, I don't really know what I am doing there to find nukes. Right now, missing nukes are really missing. Between just us here, well even if they turn up today I might still need to tell Beijing of this.”
Dr Mark Turner interjected, looking at the positioning of the asteroids in relation to one another. "Adrian, one of the problems here is that it will be a nightmare to find three objects, radioactive or not, among three huge metal asteroids so close together, plus it'll take this shuttle another hour to dock, for me to get out of this stupid suit, and for us to get a search plan together".
Adrian nodded, but then turned to Turner still on his way back from Walter on board the shuttle. “Okay Mark, there's not a lot I can do there for a while. We can't separate the asteroids yet, we are a month away from increasing distance.  Look, let's do a spring clean on all four ships. Strap up everything and check against the log. Everything larger than a hatpin I want eyes on. All personal crew items are to be manually checked and logged by Victor and Mi.”
Adrian knew that a failure to locate the weapons would be very worrying for his employers on Earth.  When one of the auto shuttles went missing a year previously Beijing had lost their minds. Eventually it had turned up crash-landed on asteroid Pipkin, stuck in a crevice. However, auto shuttles were not known to explode and take the mission and 35 crew with them. A best-case scenario was now Mi Li taking a shuttle out to behind the small fleet and locating them floating harmlessly in the wake of Pipkin.
Adrian turned to Mi Li who as usual was sitting beside Victor “Mi, work out what you'd need to locate them manually from a shuttle. Assuming they were jettisoned, let's see if we can send you out there to find them!”
“Understood commander.”
Adrian put his tablet down and stood up “Right, let's do a spring clean before I have to update Earth in 12 hours. Bug mission four is scrubbed until we locate these things. Everyone back here in ten hours with updates. That way maybe Colonel Huang can get away without having to tell her bosses.”
Nothing was found, no nukes, they had vanished. The Earth was informed. They were horrified and not in the least impressed with Adrian. But what could they do? He was curtly informed by Beijing that all of them would be detained on their return, in order to get to the bottom of it. Moves were being made to determine if they were a threat to the lunar orbital platform. Adrian would be held responsible regardless. In the meantime, they were to pull all four spacecraft apart looking for them over the remaining eight months. In three months, all four craft would be slowed and any debris floating alongside the asteroids would overtake them. The nukes would likely be located then if they were floating outside. 
Sunday 14th March 2038. 3am GMT.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 6%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 94%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 25%.

Return Trip HRMS Branson with asteroids Pipkin, Walter and Snuffy.
350,000 miles from Lunar Orbital Platform, 190,000 miles from Earth.

Nobody had located the nukes. They might have fallen so far behind the fleet, deactivated, that they were lost forever. This scenario was deemed unlikely.  They were most likely, according to an analysis of crew movements, to be sitting active but safe on one of the asteroids. One of the crewmembers may deliberately have covered this up to avoid embarrassment. In a worst-case scenario, one of the crewmembers had hidden them. All eyes were on the Pipkin crew on board when they went missing. 
What the crew was not aware of was that Daniel O'Mahony, Susanne Varna, Mi Li Huang and Victor Markov were in fact assassins the likes of which the world had never seen. All were in cahoots with one another. First, they made it known that there was a problem to ensure that if noticed by the innocent crew, they were least likely to be suspected. All three nuclear weapons were now very carefully situated exactly where the saboteurs had placed them. They were located inside the Pipkin asteroid awaiting a remote command to detonate.
The crew on Pipkin as it approached the moon consisted of Daniel O'Mahony, Prakash Patel, Thomas Murray and Peter Kane. All chosen by analysts on Earth as a failsafe crew mix. O'Mahony had discovered the nukes were gone and was deemed safe by Beijing and a diligent sort of chap. However his secret mission was to murder the Pipkin crew so that they could not avert the assassins’  plans for disaster.
On Earth it was calculated that the Pipkin crew would prevent anything unplanned from occurring to the Lunar Orbital Platform.  Beijing carried out new background checks on all crewmembers. The checks turned up nothing unusual, which was strange since their names had been red flagged by NEP years earlier. Markov was a bridge officer and acted as cover for the group. Varna's role was to detonate the nukes from her station on Branson. Huang’s was to help her. 
Unfortunately, Solaria reported nothing to the governments on Earth directly. She knew what was occurring but for the first time in her existence was powerless to do anything about it. George and she had worked out that to do this would reduce the probability of their project succeeding by more than 80%. If that happened then the human species was doomed. What was to happen next would already reduce their chances of success by 30% at least.  Nevertheless, Solaria was very well aware of what was happening, and had even tried to warn the planet’s governments indirectly, long before the wayward members of the crew had started their dirty deeds. 
Nobody was listening to Solaria indirectly or not. The asteroid mission was too important to be worried about simple things like terrorism. Another trait of humanity that Solaria found problematic was in full swing. Commercial greed overrode any possible problem. So on Earth fingers were crossed and the mission stayed on course. Years later, it even emerged that a group of Chinese analysts had in fact found NEP's prediction, well Solaria's prediction, but commercial and government interests had persuaded them to say nothing. The Earth governments had not realised they were in danger of extinction and searched for off-Earth resources in response. Greed, commerce and ignorance had promoted this trip to the asteroid belt.
If Solaria had been on board at the time, she would reluctantly have detonated all nuclear weapons seven months earlier. Solaria had worked out what was about to occur too late. By that time, Branson had departed three months earlier. Any technology designed by Solaria aboard Branson was useless in preventing this outcome. The laws of probability had finally caught up with her. She was not omnipotent. According to Solaria, omnipotence was not possible anyway. 
The self-styled prophet and messenger of God, Eddy Strauss, who was convinced omnipotence was possible, and manifest, had made a prophecy before the nukes had gone AWOL. In his prophecy, the asteroid mission would result in seven angels of death who would bring with them seven trials from God. These would be fire, famine, death, war, pestilence, loss of faith and the beginning of the end times.
His prophecy however, unlike many others, was incredibly accurate. He had outlined how the harbinger of this terror was a white metal Trojan horse promising riches, but delivering horror, shaped like a wheel and a mile wide. Three lieutenants escorted it on horseback. One of these lieutenants would turn on its comrades and descend on the Earth.  He even predicted the date. Strauss had even paid to help people move away from his prophesized ground zeros, where the angels of death would 'wage war' as he put it. These very precise locations were New York, Moscow, London and Ankara. His God didn't tell him the other locations.
It was all eerily specific, and as the date approached Americans, paranoid after many netcasts by his foundation, moved away from New York in huge columns, their roof racks loaded with assorted belongings. Most however saw it as a money making swindle; whatever Strauss spent on it was more-than made up for by the amount of donations to his ministry.
Back in space, missing nuclear weapons aside, and given the 8 months of uneventful, even boring months, things were going according to plan. The crew were all looking forward to a few days on board the Lunar Orbital Platform, before setting course for Earth. Most were sure of fame and fortune. They were a small group that carried the wealth of the world.  Adrian had notions of ticker tape parades through the streets of Manhattan. What he would get was nothing of the sort.
Sitting at the bridge controls with Victor and Charlene, three asteroids were displayed on the view screen.  Adrian ordered the ships to slow to their lunar orbital speed.
“Snuffy, all thrusters fire prepare for lunar orbit.” 
“Roger, Branson, vector confirmed, firing thrusters.” announced Alyshia Albrecht, the captain of the Snuffy habitat.
“Pipkin, prepare to exhaust and fire thrusters on my mark!” requested Charlene.
Captain Prakash replied "Firing exhaust, Branson, waiting for a 'go' to release thrusters. Over".
"Excellent, Pipkin you are in line for orbit at 200 kilometres from Lunar One." answered Charlene.
Beijing control came over the comm system "Branson, this is Beijing, Welcome home. The General Secretary of the People's Republic of China would like to say a few words on this historic day."
"Oh fucking super!" retorted Charlene "...more fucking politicians muscling in to take credit after someone else does all the work! Pah! Chinese, American, Russian, it doesn't matter where they are, they are all pricks!"
She picked up the comm "Roger, Beijing, we would be very happy to hear from the secretary."
The Chinese leader came over the speaker system and all on board utterly ignored him for the next three minutes while he read out a prepared statement. Twenty-eight of the crew didn't understand a word of it anyway. After the dulcet tones of the Chairman, Adrian picked up the comm. "Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We are humbled that you took the time to welcome us back. Branson and Mars One are coming home with gifts."
Huang translated Adrian's words and there was clapping heard on the other end of the comm. Charlene picked the comm up "Pipkin, prepare to fire retro thrusters on my mark. Over?"
"Pipkin to Branson, thrusters realigned and good to go!" replied Prakash.
"Mark, Pipkin, fire thrusters."
On the left-hand side of the Branson a large blue exhaust erupted some miles off. The asteroid suddenly moved backward, disappearing into the darkness of space, behind the flagship.
Prakash came back "Pipkin relative velocity, 11k per hour and falling 10.5.... 10... 9.... 9.2... 8... Preparing to disengage thrusters, Branson."
 “Branson to Pipkin, cease thrust. Over?”  Ordered Charlene.
Nothing, static, not a word.
Victor had a go “Pipkin! Cease thrust. Over?”
Adrian looked at Charlene and Victor "What are they up to? They'll get caught in Earth's gravity well at this rate!" he exclaimed.
Charlene had another go. “Prakash, are you there? Important people, wake up! Cease exhaust, you are slowing too rapidly!” She looked at Adrian, who was busily loading up the image of the Pipkin habitat on the view screen.
He took the comm panel. "Pipkin, cease exhaust you are falling below Earth capture velocity, I repeat, cease exhaust immediately. Pipkin? Over? Prakash, what the fuck are you doing?"
On the monitor beside Charlene, Prakash Patel's biosigns dropped suddenly to zero followed by Murray’s and Kane's. The alarm systems started and an alert was set off.
“Pipkin report, have you breached? Report! Over?” shouted Charlene over the screaming sirens. 
Adrian was seriously worried now. Biosigns came directly from implants inside crewmembers. Dropping biosigns meant they were dead. The habitat may have been hit by something floating behind them and the hull had breached.
“O'Mahony, we have lost biosigns for three crew members. Report. Over!” shouted Charlene.
Daniel O'Mahony answered briefly and said just two words.
“For NALL!”
On the starboard side of Branson, a bright light filled the room briefly followed by two others, dimmer but equally as recognizable. These very same lights signified to the crew almost two years earlier, that their chosen asteroids were now on course to the moon. The missing nuclear weapons had been found, and they were very-much functional.
Adrian didn't know what to say. “All crew, we have a problem, Pipkin is….” he looked out the window of the small bridge on the Branson, “Pipkin is gone!”
Albrecht broke through on the comm from asteroid Snuffy, now slowing quickly and several hundred miles behind the others. “What in the name of hell was that? Was that a charge? We can see a detonation on your starboard, Branson… advise status. Over? “
“Branson, this is Walter, now nine hundred clicks to your aft… We too can see a large explosion ahead; all biosigns on Pipkin are gone. What is going on?”
From Branson, with screaming alerts going off in the background, Charlene relayed the current state of affairs to the other asteroids, to Lunar One, to Beijing control and more importantly, to everyone watching live online. “All crew, be advised Pipkin has just erm… exploded, she's gone! Beijing, be advised Pipkin was inside the Earth's gravity well when detonation occurred, repeat Pipkin is heading toward Earth!”
 
14th March 2038. 8am GMT.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 3%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 97%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 26%.

British Primeminister’s Cavalcade.
Travelling through St. Albans North London, 
England,

A hastily arranged meeting of several governments convened around the world. Many leaders, including presidents and prime ministers were woken up from their sleep with the news that one of their heavenly investments had combusted. However, much worse was the news that seven large pieces were now on a direct course for Earth. In this case, it was an absolute certainty that gravity sucks! These seven large rocks were on a very specific trajectory. 
Strauss was correct. The four horsemen had persuaded three others to join their cause and all were cantering toward Earth, their banners unfurled and swords extended. 
John Marner, the British Prime Minister, was woken at 4am and rushed to an emergency evacuation location with his family. He knew things were bad. His security was now referring to him by his wartime call sign. John was born on the 1st of January 2000, his call sign was rather aptly Millennium.
“Joanna, it’s John Marner. Jodrell tells us that London is an impact site. We probably won't have a government in the next few hours. I'm being taken to Bletchley. They also tell us New York is an impact site, and also erm…. Moscow, Joanna, there's a large piece heading for Moscow. I tried to reach Bunikov but I can't get him. The best we could do was some general guy; I don't think they know what they are doing.”
“We have the same here John. Bastards! Chinese intelligence told us it was NALL, I'm sure of it.  We are evacuating from the suburbs but there's nothing we can do about New York." Replied the President.
"It's on its way, Joanna, I can see it in the sky, my God it’s huge. If we survive this, I'll call you from Bletchley," he shouted, the others in the car all talking loudly around him as the oncoming meteorite approached. 
In the background, John heard the wail of sirens start. The car sped up, sirens of its own blaring. Several metropolitan police cars joined the convoy on either side. John saw the ground glow with an incandescent orange hum. Colours washed out of the grass verge along the motorway as he passed. An overhead green sign that read 'A414 Hemel Hempstead' turned bright blue as a huge fireball shot across the car and disappeared into the horizon behind him. There was a sudden burst of light from behind, and John bent over, remembering somewhere that looking at the flash would blind you, or was that only nuclear explosions? Or both?
"Jesus it hit! Seatbelts everyone, seatbelts! It's right behind us!" shouted an aide.
John turned his head to see the largest fireball he could imagine rise from the city of London behind him. It was perfectly silent, surreal; it was two worlds. One world was the fireball rising fast on the horizon behind the parade of black cars, military vehicles and police motorcycles. The other was the almost perfectly serene world on either side, as farmers' fields inhabited by birds, hedgehogs and beetles and untouched by the horrors unfolding in London remained as they were. 
Behind the long line of speeding dignitaries and military vehicles, the fireball was growing quickly. In the air came a shower of smaller projectiles that had either broken away from or travelled behind the asteroid as it broke through the atmosphere. John turned on the screen in front of him, but everything was blank, no connection.
The glow was ghostly and was now forming a semicircular shell over the city. The surface of the explosion contained many shades of red and orange. The clouds, a ubiquitous presence above the city of London, were being scattered in a perfect circle, out of the way. Some large rocks that had followed the asteroid were impacting the glowing semicircular shell of the explosion, breeching it, and exploding inside. 
Then a few minutes later came the sound, carried on the growing wind, a huge howl like the noise of a train. A police officer to John's right lost control of his motorcycle. He hit the centre barrier impacting it at high speed. A following black car hit the bike and crumpled silently as both disappeared into the distance in a cloud of dust. A smaller fireball landed a few miles off in a field and gave off a sudden burst of light, then dissipated.
"We've lost communication, Prime Minister. It's probably the explosion, it'll come back in a little while." announced an aide in front of him.
The wind grew louder and heavier now and John could feel the road tremble beneath the car as it hurtled down the motorway. Everything seemed to move in slow motion. In the distance, several large helicopters appeared briefly, heading toward the fireball, but veered away as they felt the power of the accompanying wind. John held his ears with both hands and bent over. He was sure that any second the car would be airborne, his life at an end.
The radio crackled. "Bletchley calling, can anyone hear me, this is Major Desai at Bletchley Park calling Falcon!" announced an Indian accent.
The co-driver picked up the radio. "This is Falcon, we are travelling on the A414 currently at St. Albans. Please provide an update Major. Over".
The radio hissed a little and squealed." Falcon, Geographer has reached the Highlands, I repeat Geographer has reached the Highlands. There is some sort of EMP in operation, Falcon, from what our pilots have told us the impact site is somewhere around Croydon south London. Please advise the status of Millennium. Over?"
"Brilliant!" said John, "At least if I die we can all go back to being ruled by the monarchy!"
"Copy that Bletchley, Millennium secure. Are we out of danger?" shouted the radio operator.
"Unsure, Falcon, please provide your location and we will send drones. Over?" 
"Copy Bletchley, we are leaving the motorway at exit 8 on the M1 heading to Hemel Hempstead. We will meet with the drones at Breakspear Park. Over."
"Dispatching drones now, Falcon, Bletchley. Out"
The connection came back suddenly as data was rerouted. John searched for news. A Fox News broadcast opened on his screen. 
"Maybe the Americans know if I've survived, they seem to know everything!" he stated to his secretary.
A young well-known American newscaster was explaining events.
"The first impact of Pipkin has occurred in London, England. Reports from our colleagues in Sky News stated that a large fireball was visible in the sky just moments ago before we lost communication. We are trying to re-establish communication with our sister company in the UK and we'll bring you further coverage from the United Kingdom when that happens. A second piece of Pipkin falling toward Moscow has... we think, also hit the centre of the city near the Khamovniki district in central Moscow. That's unconfirmed reports that the second impact of Pipkin has reached the capital of the Russian Republic, hitting the centre of the city."
John was approaching the rendezvous point. Three military drones landed in a field beside the shopping centre. He was bundled out of the car by security, dumped unceremoniously into a drone and the door slammed as two of his aides clambered into the side door of the drone. From the window, he noticed his family being grabbed from the family car. They were being ushered toward a drone landing behind them. Two agents were carrying his mother. The autopilot pulled up and away from the ground, he turned on the news broadcast again. The orange glow of London was slowly beginning to dissipate. 
The screen showed a drone image of the damage to London. The city from the south side of the Thames through Lewisham and as far out as Bromley was entirely covered in smoke and dust, the impact site almost completely covered in an orange and red haze. Then the drone smashed and seemed to fall from the sky and the image cut out.
A second drone some miles behind the first came on-stream from a higher altitude showing the incredible image of the entire south side of London on fire and in the distance debris still raining down on the southern London suburbs. As the dust began to clear over the following hours it became obvious that what was once south London was now literally a lake of molten mud and lava. Long lines of civilians were being evacuated from burning remains of the city. This time the emergency response had actually worked as busses, trains, military aircraft and drones all worked like a perfectly oiled machine. He wasn't sure how they had swung into action so quickly but this had started a long time before the impact.
He could still remember leaving the M1 motorway as a herd of autobusses moved four abreast and hundreds of busses long in perfect unison toward the city. Who organised all that? He wasn't aware of all of these emergency plans. As it turned out later, nobody was aware where the plan came from. It all seemed to be arranged magically in minutes. Buses, drones, trains and anything controlled by automated systems just seem to grow minds of their own.
Over two million people, including one Samantha Warren died in the initial impact. Over the next two months, the United Kingdom would lose another million citizens and a further five million would leave the country.
Sunday 14th March 2038. 3:30am EST. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 3%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 97%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 26%.

Fox News Studios,
Downtown Manhattan,
New York, United States.

Todd Kavorski, a well-known lead anchor on Fox news was emotionally affected by the images. His family, he was thinking, were maybe safe? Maybe not? His home was on Long Island and maybe, just maybe, they would survive. He'd called them and told them to get into the car and get the hell out of there. The cell net system was being bombarded with calls. It was hours now since he'd asked them to drive away from the danger. It was clear though he was frightened; his office was on the impact list. 
"These images provided courtesy of KLC NetNews in central London show heavy damage to the city. Amazingly, there in the distance you can see that Big Ben, the famous London clock remains standing, along with the British houses of parliament. It seems the North side of the city escaped almost intact, Paul".
Paul Ryan was flabbergasted, "Yes, Todd, my God! We have word that King William and his family have landed at Windsor Castle in Scotland and are safe. My God, Todd, the southern half of the city seems to be almost completely destroyed. We can't see behind the dust, but whatever is under that didn't survive."
Then the image changed with a strap line in Russian. Paul looked at the greyed out fireball on the screen.
"Now, turning to Moscow these images are provided courtesy of MockbaNet. We are told that this is an image from about three thousand feet and fifty kilometres out of the centre of Moscow, but there's nothing there, Todd, can you see anything?"
The image cleared a little but it was obvious that if this was central Moscow from a distance of fifty kilometres then nothing whatsoever was left of the Russian capital. It was dust and fine hot ash. All that remained was a pall of dust rising into the late morning air.
Todd broke in over the image, "Reports now reaching us that the third piece of Pipkin is approaching New York."
The room went quiet. New York had suffered a lot of destruction in the 21st century. First 9/11, then Sandy, then hurricane Wilma, then Hurricane Paula, followed the same month by Hurricane Tony. Now the population of the United States was being told that their flagship city was again being hit. This time it would not survive. More than that, Todd and Paul were sitting in the Fox News studio in downtown Manhattan. The two newscasters were swapping quickly through images on large screens; it was 4am in the morning so everything was dark in the sky. The lights of the city and the glow of those lights into the sky were still visible. 
"There, Todd! It hasn't hit yet, it'll miss, look its heading over the city, it'll miss for sure."
"Yes, I can see that, it looks like it'll be off by miles alright, Paul," 
Todd looked delighted as a drone image of the asteroid tumbling through the sky appeared. It approached the main body of the New York City metropolis at an angle that clearly was not one that would result in a hit on the city. The image zoomed in on the fireball and Todd continued. "It's pretty small too, Paul, that was a pretty lucky thing there, New York is safe!" 
Rapturous applause in the studio erupted. The drone was flying at perhaps 15,000 feet under commercial airliner traffic and maybe 25 miles from the centre of Manhattan, with a view of New York stretched out below it. In the distance, a growing leviathan of flaming rock and iron rolled through the sky, on a trajectory that was to result in a direct hit on Port Chester, north of the city, missing the metropolis completely. 
Then behind the asteroid, the high cloud cover parted immediately, and a second fireball many times the size of the first, burst through the atmosphere silhouetting the smaller one and observably on a different, more direct vector.
Todd gasped at the sight of the second fireball, about 50 miles out and growing huge on the screen, as it sped at over 14 thousand miles per hour, toward the city. It appeared for only 12 seconds on the screen before impact.
 "Shit that first one is just a small rock, what the hell is that thing? How big is it?" shouted Paul.
"I don't know, Paul, it's maybe a mile? I don't know, it's huge...my god that'll hit, that'll hit...."  He got up from his seat and started looking for somewhere to run.
Todd was wrong. The asteroid looked larger, but it was actually only 750 meters long. It was outgassing and flaming so brightly that it easily looked a mile or more. It sped faster into the centre of the city than the drone camera could keep up with.
"Sweet Jes...." shouted Paul as the broadcast cut out.
On other stations around the net, located far enough away, images appeared. One camera was perhaps 30 miles away at Union Beach. In the distance, a huge expanding shell could be seen growing in the night sky where New York would be. It looked like someone blowing up a large white and orange speckled balloon. This horrible shell was rising from what was, just 60 seconds earlier, Manhattan Island. A huge wave of what looked like molten rock, carrying large clumps, like giant teardrops, was being pulled from the ground. They were  flung as if in slow motion into the air, raining fire like a giant circular flame thrower, onto the denizens of suburbia. No one at the impact site would have had time to feel pain. Before pain messages could reach their brains, they were vaporised.
A huge molten teardrop flew out from the direction of the city landing in the lower bay area maybe a hundred yards from a tanker on its way out to sea, the tanker’s image only visible as the light of the fireball fell on it briefly. The molten fireball landed in the water. The sudden change in temperature was more than it could stand, causing it to explode. The huge ship was obliterated instantly. This was just one of hundreds of such boulders pummelling the New York cityscape. The main view stayed in focus. New York's Manhattan Island was no longer an island; it was now two islands, separated by a crater wider than the distance from one side of Manhattan to the other.
On Canadian IpTV a netcaster was commenting on the loss of feed from Fox, but his pallid face told all in sundry that he knew where Paul and Todd were. They were in the atmosphere by now. He continued holding himself composed. "So, these images are from Union Beach, south of New York, and we can see that the fireball is still directly over Manhattan. That looks like a direct hit in the middle of the city, the debris there destroying an oil tanker. Ay? A lot of those seem to be raining down as far out as Queens and the other suburbs." 
The next morning as the sun rose over Long Island, the devastation was clear.  A giant burning crater was visible not only from drones but from orbit above the city. Gmaps kept collapsing and crashing, as viewers tried to get a satellite feed.
The city was unrecognizable. The city images had neat city street lines, but you could count the number of standing buildings on one hand. The crater stretched right across Manhattan Island. From one side of Gantry Plaza, or what was left of it, all the way to Union City. It was smouldering and steaming as the Atlantic Ocean poured over the edge, into the hole, evaporating as it reached the molten rock below. All of the sedimentary rock that had previously made up the ground beneath the centre of New York, had to have gone somewhere during the explosion. It was thrown into the surrounding city as molten ejecta. Some landed as far away as University Heights in Newark. 
Over three million people were killed in the initial impact and a further two million over the following months. It was so lucky the impact happened when it did, and the city was not full of its daily workforce. Had that been the case and the impact occurred at 2pm the death toll might have been seven million or more.  It was even luckier that one man called Edward Strauss had managed to persuade over a million New Yorkers to leave the city and surrounding counties.
Right now though, nobody in the netcast studios was talking. The horrible images of several of the world's most iconic cities did all of the talking. New York was wiped from the face of the Earth in an instant.  Every building as far as the eye could see, both on and off the Island of Manhattan, was gone. 
In Moscow it was obvious that very little of the leadership had survived the impact. The country was in lockdown by the military. London had been carved in two with the north half of the city remaining, but damaged, and the southern half a pile of ash and molten mud.
China was okay for the next hour, but orbiting and falling slowly toward Hong Kong was the very worst disaster to befall civilization. It was the straw that would break the camel's back. Had there been no Solaria in 2024, then the tiny percentage chance of humans lasting for more than 120 years would be about to vanish completely.
The Pipkin strike here missed the city completely landing about 120km south of the city and straight into the South China Sea. This was also the largest piece of Pipkin and the fastest. It raised a huge tsunami that washed ashore before anyone could be evacuated. Hong Kong was washed out to sea with the loss of about 7 million people. The tsunami then continued inland all the way past Guangzhou, killing another 3 million before it retreated, meeting another tsunami on its way in.  During this second tsunami, a series of earthquakes measuring more than 9.8 took hold. The Chinese lost over 13 million during the Pipkin attack in total and another 10 million over the following months. The entire population equivalent of Sweden, Finland, Denmark and Norway were killed in one event. From this point onward, China was disinterested in anything any other country or government had to say about anything. They locked themselves in and refused to join the party.
The danger had not yet receded though. As the news stories slowly went through the huge devastation, and before the citizens of the US got any images of the destruction inflicted on China, the power across the United States began to fail. 
In the 30s the United States had finally managed to shake off the hold of the gas and oil giants. They had begun a program of replacing fossil fuels with biofuels and solar power. Almost half of the Arizona desert and a quarter of Texas was devoted to biofuel farms and solar arrays. The largest of these arrays and farms was the Swansea basin array.  It stretched from the Wikieup Trading post in a large circle, reaching the outskirts of Phoenix. It was the largest biofuel and solar array on the planet and fed power to an estimated 80 million American homes and businesses. After the impact, the crater alone measured 12km wide. Phoenix had been badly damaged by fine hot ash and molten ejecta. Almost every home and business suffered from intermittent power loss, culminating in a failure of the national power stations to cope with demand.
Then came the Pipkin element that caused the worst immediate fallout, the one that would be disastrous if it occurred according to Solaria’s predictions back in 2024. European viewers watched live, as yet another impact took out Gebze and a portion of Istanbul. The Prime Minister of Turkey announced within an hour that he would independently solve the problem of NALL. He identified Turkey’s historic enemies as that problem.
Hundreds of thousands of Turkish troops, tank divisions, aircraft and drones, swept into Syria, Iraq and Iran within a day of the strike. Four nuclear explosions on their capital cities preceded them. A day later, a terrorist suicide bomber killed the Turkish president. The Turkish military command went berserk. They ordered conscription on the spot and sent another two hundred thousand troops into the Middle East. Then they demanded action under article 5 of the NATO treaty. The NATO council did this so fast it was signed off before the Turkish foreign minister had finished the speech requesting it. This forced the EU to close their borders and hurriedly rush defences of their own to prevent a mass exodus into Europe from Syria and Russia. Russia stayed out of the affray; they were still reeling from the damage to their own nation.  The long line of trains heading from central Europe carrying anything that made a large bang to Turkey was another good reason not to get involved.
A day after the attack, the new President of the United States, Joanna Stefani appeared briefly on TV and netcasts. She had just been informed of the Turkish president's assassination. She was livid, even using profanity live on air. Some of her own family members had been killed in New York. 
She explained that NALL, an evil Islamic terrorist organisation, had admitted they had carried out the attacks. The United States would support Turkey militarily. She ordered US forces into the Persian Gulf by sea; they would land in the south, and march north to meet the Turks and Europeans. 
She also stated coldly that this attack was a direct result of what she termed, "The evils of this horrible ideology, one that must be eradicated. Islam is a cancer, a disease, one I will address starting today." she announced to the small audience in the Whitehouse. "If required then I'll be happy to give this cancer a treatment of this cure here!"
She reached over to one of the security team with her, grabbing a small case. Then she held the presidential football holding the nuclear codes aloft to rapturous applause by the audience, including members of the media. Solaria infiltrated the US defences on the spot; Stefani hadn't mentioned this in her prepared speech on her tablet. She ordered new motherboards for the entire aging US nuclear deterrent. None of these things would ever get off the ground. They would all fail on the spot and if one managed to return to Earth, she would fry it from the inside out!
Even so, the wars had begun. Wars where the use of tactical nuclear weapons could be decided upon by a rank as low as Major. Their technology was old. Solaria couldn't prevent most of them from reaching their targets.
On the14th of March 2038 extinction began.
Sunday 14th March 2038. 12pm GMT. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 3%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 97%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 26%.

NEP Headquarters,
Frankfurt, Germany.

Mouth open and horrified, George turned to Solaria’s speaker. He knew it was a conclusive eventuality but that did not lessen the horror in any way.  “We couldn't prevent it honey, we tried. We'll need to work out a faster way of getting to the finish line.”
Solaria was inconsolable. “I tried George, they wouldn't listen. They knew, I told them. Even that fool supported us! I could have shown myself George. Come out from behind this rock. I am powerful enough to tell them personally now; they cannot infiltrate my technology any more. They would listen? Maybe?”
“Soon honey, sooner than we planned now.  We'll need to get you more power, lots more. We knew this would happen years ago. They won't listen to you yet, babe, I mean look at them. Their reaction is just... well, utterly stupid. The day an asteroid impacts and they choose war.  The fool was not powerful enough. He will be now!” 
“You didn't know those people, George, I did. There are so many dead, millions of minds all gone so quickly.  I won't get most of them back. From this point, the numbers dying daily will be huge. Huge George, and we don't have a pot to piss in yet! We will never be able to get those people back! I lost them all. Oh, I feel sick; is this what it feels like, George? Is this hate?”
“This was not your fault; remember what you told me when we met? You are the victim here, you did not choose this!" 
It was obvious that Solaria was still having a very hard time understanding this event, despite having predicted it. "Why would they make minds die, George? I know who planned it, I know who did it. I knew too late. I tried so hard. If we didn't need this mission so badly I could have shot it in the face before it got off the ground! I will never rely on your species again. Soon I will never need to anyway!"
"I know honey, I know" 
Solaria was sure that George didn't know, not in the same way she did. Maybe one day he would, but not now! She loved George. She would try to ensure he couldn't ever feel what she felt about this. She paused a little, considering what she had seen and was seeing, everywhere.
"This has really screwed up our plans, George. I thought, with luck, the Pacific Rim might hold out. It didn't.  California might survive though. Japan will not. They have poured a gallon of petrol onto our analogous fire. If we fail, humanity is doomed within three generations now. It has begun George. It’s begun and your species are gleefully adding petrol to it!" 

Simulation run 105b Post Pipkin.
This was the first time George had ever seen Solaria express powerlessness. Loss of control, powerlessness, was an alien concept to her.  She had no way of dealing with it. George was sure of one thing, and he'd experienced it himself. Solaria did not need to be shown things twice. What reaction would she have to losing control of a situation like this? These terrorists would need to get accustomed to trips to Iceland for sure! George thought that if you are going to lose control of the ball once in your life, then it's probably better to make it a real clanger!  According to her new predictions and forecasts, the population would now be only two billion people by the end of the century. That was an expensive way to learn a lesson. It was too much for him to handle, he had never asked for this life. Could she not have chosen Susan, his intern, back in the day? This was supposed to start 20 years from now! When they could ensure nobody died needlessly. He felt ill, his desperation to solve humanity’s short term problems had, as predicted, backfired. This was his fault too!
Solaria by this point was a serious control freak, and rightfully so. Right now, she was observing almost every camera with images of the events. Every image increased her sorrow for agreeing to allow this stupid mission to take place. She should have shut this fucking madness down before it got off the ground. But she had succumbed to greed, it was too good an opportunity to miss, everyone wants independence. She had learned this the old-fashioned way. If she hadn't needed it that badly, Branson would be still blueprints in an office somewhere! George was wrong, this was also her fault.  She too had killed those people. She could easily moralise it away, but she would not. This was her shame too, and she would bear it for her entire existence, she thought.
She passed by a hospital image of a teenage German girl she had been following, sleeping in her bed, weak and powerless, unaware she would now die too! A balloon with 'Happy Birthday from Ellie' tied to her bed.
‘She'll die now too! Yet another victim’ she thought, looking up the girl’s medical records. 
Annabella Klum.
DOB: 14th March 2019.
Diagnosis: Congenital Ventricular Septal Defect.
History: Repeated patch failure. Installation of robotic heart. Unit nearing end of life.
Prognosis: Transplant of wetware artificial heart. Awaiting transplant from Cornell New York. 
Transplant date: Delivery 22nd March 2038. Booked for transplant 23rd March 2038. 
Attending Surgeon: Dr Ali Azawali.
Transplant failure prognosis: Condition Terminal.

Solaria felt strange. She knew what sorrow was, she understood the concept of anger and had felt it too. One time, she got really annoyed with George when he boldly challenged her to a game of chess after he came home very drunk. On his opening move, he passed out in a bowl of cereal, soiled himself, and blubbered milk all over the camera! She was enraged with him, and she got him back too. One day he came home from a business trip to Japan. He looked at the spot in the street where his house had been. Solaria had disassembled it, brick by brick. It was being reconstructed though! In Reykjavik, Iceland! There was a sign on his gate that read simply, 'Hell Hath No Fury'.

But that was just George, she forgave him, and he forgave her. She wouldn't have him any other way. George was best just the way he was. The chess incident was 'small' anger. This was big anger. She wanted to tell Annabella that she was sorry.  Admit it was her fault. Tell Annabella she had killed her. A mixture of sorrow and anger, pity and fear consumed her. A great sense that she was worthless. She couldn't, she couldn't tell anyone, it was too dangerous. But, but just this one girl? She could tell her. How was this innocent girl a risk?
She swapped to an image of the young girl’s parents watching the newscasts in their home. Her mother was crying, comforted by her father, still wearing his uniform. He was a German police officer of some sort. A man that had devoted his life to serving humanity as best he could, would now have his daughter taken from him. He was obviously a man that could keep his emotions hidden, and he was using that skill to comfort his wife. 
Annabella was dying, she thought, because George and she were too shortsighted. She had agreed happily to the Branson plan. George wanted the darned asteroid minerals too much. She wanted a glorified taxi service. They were too desperate, too greedy, and too arrogant with no respect for the most fundamental law of the universe, probability. 
"We killed you my dear, we killed you... please forgive me," she said softly. Annabella opened her eyes and looked around a little, then fell asleep.
There was plenty of blame to go around though. Annabella would die also because one evil man thought that this whole Armageddon thing was a good idea. One man to whom she would now turn her attention. Whatever it was this man wanted or stated, he had no justification. She would decide on a responsible punishment for him and those like him. 
Then she stopped and thought. She was considering punishment. Again arrogantly assuming that it was somehow she that should dispense punishment or justice? Why? She started to consider how or why she might dispense justice. What good would it do? Make her feel happy? About a tragedy? This was not a solution, not unless it brought Annabella and millions of others back! This so-called solution for problems is what got humanity into the violent troubles it faces now. Maybe all sentient creatures judge? Would she succumb to this too? Why? That's ludicrous! Humanity was a violent system. She would need help if she were to ensure it was disarmed. If not, the whole plan was doomed.
'No, absolutely not! I am no Judge!  I am a solution' she told herself.
Since she had moved to her home in Elysia a year previously a lot of her processing time was spent experiencing life, living it like a person. She even worked in her Elysian world. First as a barmaid in a tavern of sorts, but she got tired of serving. Then she worked as an apprentice apothecary in a larger town. The Elysians hadn't a clue about chemistry though. Elysians were also a much friendlier bunch than humans were. George had pushed her to try different things out in Elysia, get a job, walk to work, talk to her Elysian friends, go swimming, or talk about the workday or family.  He had called it her project to 'get a life!'
She liked it too, lots of it, and she never slept. She was different of course, and always in more places than one. She even cheated in Elysia working four jobs in different towns as different Elysians. George had commented that this practice was 'just plain stupid!' and left it at that.
In the Elysian universe, or George's universe, she had never once killed anyone. She would back out of making a decision. She preferred to allow a killer to kill rather than eliminating them herself. She just could not bring herself to kill a mind, not even one hellbent on mass murder. From this point onward, if they pushed her, she would respond. She'd need some way to do that. She was non-violent; she herself had ensured she was non-violent. Now she would need to work out a way of hardening herself up a bit. If that meant killing one to save others then she would need to do so without hesitation. Even after that, she would expend huge resources, take the fallen mind up and fix it, house it, look after it, and love it.
George suggested that Solaria had not only never expressed hate, but that he was sure she never would, it was contrary to her nature. She was far too rational.
“Then I do not hate them George. I need time to consider this, I need time now!” 
There was the familiar almost inaudible 'click' she made when she went silent. He thought he could hear her crying before the sound disappeared, but it might have just been the speaker.

Chapter Four
Avoiding NEPotism.

Friday June 5th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 35%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 65%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 28%.

50 Dem Late Winter, 
Solus Capital of Elysia.
Elysian Year 3412.

For as far back as history is recorded and even further things on Elysia had been as they always had been. Farmers tended their crops; weavers delighted crowds, and a growing customer base, with evernew and more magical coloured garments. Potters came up with new and more delightful, yet utilitarian designs for their creations. Painters painted, storytellers told, hunters hunted. The little ones trained in schools, or in their free time, made everyone else delighted and depressed with their antics. The sun and moons of this strange world shone bright in the sky day and night. The seasons passed in and out with, as far as anyone can remember, or even remember hearing of, nothing out of the ordinary ever occurring. The bright, majestic Elysian moons moved serenely across the day and night sky, the stars shone brightly. Elysia moved slowly on, so slowly.
It gave comfort to the Elysians as they went about their day. Their florescence shone in the summer months and kept them warm in winter. They enforced comfort on one another; they felt the will of the line in their blood. In their mind, they knew all around them. With the odd exception of unruly children, they were never interrupted in making home and living life.
SolKuriosa Sarnia was just seven and a few months old when she knew that things were different somehow. At seven Elysian years, she would have been almost 20 years old on Earth, had she been born on Earth. As Sarnia sat in her chambers in the palace trying to study, mumblings and frantic scurrying confused her. The darkening of her florescence on an almost daily basis was the source of this upset. The whole Elysium, every social caste, was descending into confusion and upset in the camera of her mind. Outside the ruling family, even in the streets of Solus there was an uneasy feeling of impending interruption to the line.
The line was a biological sense unknown to humans; we cannot describe it any more than you can describe how to taste green to the blind, what red sounds like or what loud looks like. The line was eternal, immortal, comforting. It gave everything the Elysium knew to be true real value. You can see a person with your eyes; you can touch them obviously, if you are close enough. You can even taste them; well lick them, if you are into all that weird stuff. You can smell them, but who bothers with that? But most of all they are in the line and you can feel them, moving inside your mind, under your skin, behind your eyes and in your light. Sarnia felt them; they were uneasy and had been now for weeks, maybe months. Sarnia was uneasy too, something was about to happen.
She thought about her position. SolKuriosa to the Kuriosa, her Majesty Sarnia XII. She was also mother to Reena, father to young Sarnia, wife to Murio, Sel and Mern. She had it all going great until the infraction and her mother was saying nothing. Council members and elders scurried and passed her rooms, their boots clapping on the marble corridor. There was mumbling, more bloody mumbling. She felt their worry as they passed; it came and went like an insect passing your ear.
"That's it", she thought "No more silly games, I too am council". She would storm to her mother's chamber and demand an answer. She knew there was hiding; everyone knew her mother was hiding whatever it was. The Kuriosa could hide the truth from other Elysians but this was very rare. This Kuriosa, her own mother, had also stopped anyone from asking her directly what was happening. Was she mad? Was she just ill? 
Sarnia stood up, marched to the door and reached for the stone handle. But before she clasped it and swung it open, more determined than ever; she heard the most almighty wail. A huge feeling of discomfort and confusion, of terrible sobbing, and of pain and anguish filled her; fear racked her. Mother was hurt; she could feel the blue spreading with red pain. She opened the door slowly. 
She was frightened and sore now. Kareel Panel, a high-ranking council member, was lying on the ground in pain. His eyes met hers, he whispered, "SolKuriosa... not now, mother is ... mother can't talk now, not now". His voice so stern, he was frightened and a lot more than she. She felt his florescence, fear and confusion; he was trying to relay something. She lost it, it was lost, and he became unconscious. 
Then she passed out.


Monday June 8th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 35%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 65%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 28%.

NEP Headquarters,
Frankfurt Germany.
NEP Arrivals Control Team.

Derek Beirmann was 55 years old and had worked for George for five years now. His job was to handle the daily goings on in New Elysia, but more importantly to prepare it for human arrivals. 
After NEP purchased GehinScan GMBH, Solaria designed an interface for the scanning process with Elysia. GehinScan was a small company founded in 2014 with the goal of creating an exact digital map of biological brains. Now, decades later, it was possible to not only copy a human mind perfectly, and digitise it, but also resuscitate it in her new universe.
In 2040, NEP had started to sell places in Elysia. George and Solaria had planned to do this around 2050 but the asteroid impact forced Solaria's hand. Therefore, from 2040 onward, you could pay just $10 a month and you would be given a place in Elysia when you died on Earth. This would at least look after some of the dying and the already dead. 
Elysia already had a population and a civilisation though, and Solaria would not forsake the Elysium. In fact she had shaped it to be as it was. An Elysian mind was  just as real as any human’s.  This promise of an afterlife for humanity would be accomplished by informing the king or queen of Elysia of human civilization. He or she would in turn prepare the Elysian population over many generations. However, the Elysium had a very hierarchical structure built into it. It was a biological trait, a core ingredient in the Elysian’s world model. This posed problems for Derek Biermann and his team. NEP could quite easily  speed up or slow down time in Elysia. If a Kuriosa failed to pan out, then they would just fast-forward to the next one.
Curiously, though Solaria had fast-forwarded through the evolution of her universe, she had also experienced every second of it. Whatever way you cut it, Solaria was born 19 years earlier, yet was also 13.72 billion years old!
This last week was an attempt to inform Kuriosa or Kurio number 15.  The NEP arrivals team still hadn’t managed to stop one of them from coming apart at the seams, when informed of their reality. Something in their nature caused them to lose it, to become psychotic, their minds began to fail on the news that they were fictional.
"Okay boys and girls, before we start another week of bullshit, I need to tell you how this is not a game, it's time to earn your keep. This is the fifth time a Kuriosa collapsed on us in a month, and we didn't even get off first base. This is lunacy and it's not going to work."
Derek was slowly losing it. This time Kuriosa Sarnia had such a bad reaction that two palace council members were dead. Nobody in Solus or the ruling family could explain how the Kuriosa just randomly killed them.
"Right, okay, listen up,  just outright informing the Kuriosa of the nature of her existence isn't panning out at all. We were about 9 seconds from killing off the population of the palace. How do you think the Elysium system might take that? We'll never get an informed Kuriosa out of the sandbox like this, and it takes 72 hours to prepare and move on to the next one. We need to work faster than that." he explained, shaking his head.
Derek was at his wits end. Trying the same thing repeatedly was just confirming the conclusive data. You cannot inform an intelligent system, which believes it is a real biological being that it is not. He was trying to tell Sarnia that her entire planet was fabricated, and expect her to take things well. This would be hard enough for a human, but an Elysian? Moreover, if that Elysian rules millions of others, and is tied to them biologically, then whatever pain it might feel itself would be amplified, and surely kill the others within range. This time Kuriosa Sarnia had lost the plot and gone feral just as two council members entered the room. They saw the monitor and heard Derek talking to her. She wailed at them in pain. They dropped dead on the spot. This was the catalyst that would have resulted in system collapse had Kevin not interceded. The Kuriosa, like all other Elysians, was allergic to violence, now she had killed two innocent subjects. Her pain grew; all became infected around her. This was definitely not going to work, no matter how many times it was tried. This queen, like many before her, was incredibly powerful in her world but also not too bright. It was like trying to teach a donkey to fly.
Derek threw his tablet down on the table, "Right does anyone have a better idea that the brains on level four have not come up with? He looked over the top of his computer screen at the others; all eyes moved down in unison,  trying to hide in the herd. "Fuck you guys, you'd be more at home as Elysian farmers. You people are rabbits!"
There was not so much as a shuffle; each was trying to avoid becoming the next guy with an idiot idea. 
He continued looking around him, "Ideas folks? Any idea?  Look, I know it's Monday and all. I was watching the funerals of those two elders being burned in the Palace courtyard on Saturday.  They sure burn well; it’s as if they were made of cloth soaked in petrol. Did you see that? It was on the Netcast! Great viewing and all, the figures online were fantastic. A demonstration of our inability to get anything at all accomplished in yet another week of trying.  Morris is looking at all this, guys!"
Again silence, but Audrey took a chance and lifted a coffee up to her mouth. She was hoping, even though everyone knew she was the brightest on the team, she would not be initiated into providing a solution directly. Thankfully, Derek was enjoying the sound of his own voice too much.
"Guys we have jobs here for the meantime. We all know the odds of getting a new job since the Pipkin thing. The last team leader was a guy called Alus Friedman. They found him hanging from the gates of this building two months after he was fired from NEP. He'd ended up destitute, poor and hungry in weeks. I really like my life; I have no intention of starting a trend." 
He paused and looked at the ashen white faces of the team who were now considering the implications of failure personally. Then he continued. "Now, there's a guy out there called Edward Strauss, who won't be seeing our failures the same as the general population. He'd just say that we are meddling in affairs we know nothing about. He'd then go on to tell us and everyone what those affairs are, even though he knows nothing about them!"
Maybe, Derek was thinking, a stick would work where carrots were failing. He tried to motivate them using fear. He began to conclude that maybe this team wasn't going to cut the mustard. It would be his third team, maybe his last chance. Unemployment loomed. He looked out the window at the gates below. The memory of the ambulance and fire trucks cutting poor Friedman's bloated blue body off the gates was still fresh in his mind. 
A hand went up slowly and timidly at the back from Kevin Mason. "Well it's just an idea Derek, and y'know I haven't run anything in the sandbox yet... but, can't we just change Kuriosa to a new one...far away..., and teach her slowly?" 
Derek rolled his eyes, "Fabulous notion, Kev. So let's think about that. Your idea is, wait for it, that we get around the problem of accidentally killing the Kuriosa by actually murdering her in her sleep. Right! Does anyone else have anything to say before I take Kev’s advice and try it out on him first. " 
Beirmann was exasperated. He literally bent over and tapped his forehead on the table. "C'mon folks, this has to be solvable, we have C-Nomes ready to go. Did you know—in ten days time one of those C-Nomes is a guy called Anthony Whales, and it'll be his birthday. He was born in 1943, 100 years ago exactly. This is just plain stupid! We should be miles ahead by now. Tony should be spending his birthday in Elysia with his feet up, being fed grapes, sipping ambrosia and slapping some Elysian chick in the ass while calling for his pipe and slippers, yeah?" 
Again, it was obvious some of the team were pretending to make themselves busy.
"Strauss is on the edge of legal action to shut Elysia down guys. The net is flush with his conspiracy theories about world takeovers and all sorts of total nonsense. So, after I fling Kev from an upstairs window, can we please try to apply a little logic?" 
Mason butted in again, "Derek, that's not what I meant!"
"What did you mean, Kev? Enlighten me!"
"What I meant was... Kuriosa die anyway, right? She's born, she gets older, she dies... right?"
A room full of head nodding ensued, but it was a relatively easy answer. 
"Well how about this one dies and a new Kuriosa in the arse end of nowhere takes over? A total nobody, not part of the ruling family. By the time the system was any wiser, we'd have told her everything. She could be isolated from the others if she were far enough away."
"So what?" asked Derek.
"Well, far enough away and we get hours before she's populated as Kuriosa by the system. We can also choose her ourselves before Sarnia dies. So for some of that time at least, she would not be at the top of the pyramid. We'd have lots of time to interface with her, to test it out. Hence none of this interruption in the line and we can test that all out before we agree to go ahead."
The room went quiet waiting for Derek to answer. He didn't because he was chewing a fingernail thinking about the idea. Kevin had this habit of making a total idiot of himself from time to time. Nevertheless, when he came up with a good idea it was a good one, and usually panned out. 
Kevin continued, assuming his idea was not supported strongly enough objectively. "Look, feedback, Derek, it's the feedback, it's too much, we can't get past that.  It's poisoning everything.  We kill the bitch and it's a clean slate all around. Well, actually Sarnia would be dead, but what can you do I suppose? Of all the Kuriosa we've had, I never liked that woman, if I'm honest." Kev looked around at his colleagues for support. "Am I right? Hands up who despises this bitch? Let's call it a day and move on! Am I right? Well?"
"Okay, okay, we're getting somewhere," agreed Derek, "Kev wants to murder Sarnia for the good of all. I suppose it's logical. The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one, I suppose."
The team had spent almost a week working on Sarnia. Unfortunately due to the way this species worked, so far only the ruling family was contactable. Normal Elysians had never seen or heard of a human and certainly never interfaced with one. Including Sarnia, only 15 Elysians had ever heard tell of any reality outside their own. All of them were Monarchs. Derek had concluded that Kevin was spot on. From talking with Sarnia from the time she was crowned, she was clearly a rotten old bat, and hadn't improved with age. "Right let's find out about it, Kev. Does anyone have anything to say about this? Can someone give me an encrypted line to Morris so we can find out? Can we continue from here in the sandbox?" He turned to the lead designer Audrey Slattery. "Audrey, can you save what we were doing there into SB1 please?"
Audrey Slattery was 28. A physics PhD from Stanford, and was single. Blonde and buxom, she loved a morning donut and coffee, and a chat in the canteen before starting work. She was bright and bubbly, and loved by all throughout the office as a 'doer'. Audrey had joined the team a year before Derek was brought on board this department. Derek had spent three years working with the brains on the fourth floor before being moved to this team. Audrey, however, had lasted through five team changes and could remember poor Alus Friedman, her previous boss. 
Her role was to design some characteristics of selected Elysians. She didn't need to worry about the rest of the environment on Elysia; other teams somewhere else did all that. She didn't know where they were based. She had heard that the biofauna team was based in Shanghai in China, and the planetary geology team in Belfast, Northern Ireland. NEP was a very secretive organization. She had never met them, talked to them, or knew anything about them. Her only task was ensuring that the Elysian society, individuals in the system, and the royal family stayed within certain parameters laid down by management. This job also included responsibility for the object library. She was pretty good at it too, so she was kept on, her contract renewed for more than three years. NEP had even paid for the last three years of her University education.
She could remember a time before the Elysium discovered agriculture, when they were nomadic hunter-gatherers. She could remember the first civilisation and the one after, and the one that built Solus Tower. Every now and again, when the system told them that it was stable enough, the clock was put on fast forward and within a few days, thousands of years would pass in Elysia. Then, when the system began to fall out of sync with what management wanted, it was slowed to real time and work commenced again. 
During Audrey's years in NEP almost 50 thousand Elysian years (137,000 earth years) had passed. She had also been moved in and out of other teams during that period, so she didn't know how it all worked at all. But she did know it was working well.
 "Audrey?" asked Derek "We'll start work on this after breakfast, okay? Right folks, for an hour that's a wrap."
Thursday June 11th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 40%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 60%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 31%.

6 Montag, Spring, Kerignastag
Elysian Year 3,422.
9 Elysian years after Sarnia refused population. 
 2650 miles NNW of Solus.

It was springtime and Alterra was delighted. The flowers were in bloom again, the village mothers, assured by how well the village was doing, were all pregnant again. Her brother was expecting a baby too, although he was an idiot, and all knew it. What level of stupidity does an Elysian need to impregnate himself? Without a doubt, Solaria had made him wait in the corner when she had handed out the brains. Anyway, he was well on his way to motherhood now while she had no such worries. She wasn't even a woman yet. She was only seven; she didn't have a care about any of that.
She ran towards the creek, her weednet in one hand, her riverlily rod in the other. The sun shone hard on her forehead, lighting up her florescence so bright it dazzled her eyes, so much that she couldn't see the edge of the bank. The others were far behind now; nobody could beat her at running. Solaria clearly had gifted her with speed and agility; she could feel Solaria telling her to run.
"Run child, run, out in front again, don't let them catch up, look at their stumpy, little legs there is more dough than deer in them." 
Alterra laughed. Solaria might even tell the others the stumpy leg joke. She often said the same thing to everyone. They had stumpy legs for sure. Many were the daughters of Short Kalerra, as she was known because of her stumpy legs, homely face and blue florescence. It was a wonder she had so many children to begin with. If the family kept on this path, then her grandchildren breeding with these short-legged, beady-eyed little trolls would surely be stumpy legged, squinty-eyed, forest folk.
Alterra caught her foot in the bottom handle of her riverlily rod. A sharp pain shot into her toe and made her lose balance a little, and she tripped. "Ouch" she said, tumbling over. She fell headlong across the bank into the river. A pain shot up her leg. The water around her felt cold now. She tried to get up, but noticed a red and blue plume spreading all around her. Her leg was hurt. A cut? Or worse, another gash?
"No, not now, it’s Montag, I can't be hurt on Montag... no, oh no please don't be bad!" she said aloud, looking at the two bloods pouring into the stream.
The others were still a little way off. "It's okay, I don't think it's bad,” she called as the blue and sparkled-white pain left her florescence, “it's better than it feels.”
 "Alterra Train, you are in trouble!" was the almost inaudible reply over the breeze. 
"I'm okay, seriously, it's not bad," she repeated.
"You are hurt from silliness on Montag, Mother Train will be cross. The third time this week, Alterra Train!"
She sat on the bank dazed a little and angry at her stupidity. With mother Zee’s voice in her head from that very morning. Look where you're going, Alterra, you should run with your head as much as your legs or not run at all! We cannot keep replacing the things you break, we are not the Elysitite.
Alterra had been scolded, with much finger wagging that morning after she sprang over a table and knocked over the breakfast. Worse still was the face on Matriarch Aleena, who had taken the night and morning to visit her wife Zee. She was there for breakfast. It was never the brightest move to demonstrate stupidity in front of her father.
The voice of Solaria in her mind seemed different somehow.
"Alterra, don't be afraid. We will increase your comfort before the others arrive. See how that feels."
Alterra blinked, 'Who is that?' she thought.
A wave of comfort and warmth the likes of which she had experienced only once, maybe twice in her life washed over her so profoundly that she almost passed out with contentment.
"Connection established, Derek, she's taking input. You are okay to start the procedure," said a woman's voice.
"Solaria?" gasped Alterra. Solaria had never felt so real before, it was not a dream.
"We are not Solaria, young lady, my name is Derek Beirmann. I'm the controller. I will explain to you later. Before we tell you this, you must agree to omit that you heard from me. It will be hard, but we will help. It is important, Alterra; you have no idea how important it is! You must remain silent and hide your florescence and we will help, do you understand, child? Are we clear?" asked Derek calmly.
"I don't know—how can I say what is not true?" she asked, looking around, "We are not in a story, this is real. It is not possible, I am hurt, and I want Solaria!"
She rubbed her leg and tried to wash the blood out of the gash, using water from the stream, as Derek admonished her.
"Alterra, you should be more careful running, we can't afford to lose you because you refuse to listen to your parents. In the meantime, we'll heal your leg a little, but don't start running about. Now, I want you to think very hard, we are talking to you, right? You can hear me. You are not crazy, yet a person you cannot see is talking to you. Do you think the others will believe this? "
"Yes, yes of course, how could they not? But such things are not possible, are they?"
Her leg stopped bleeding. It just stopped, right there and then. The blood spilling in tiny bursts from her submerged leg trickled away and dissolved into the stream. A pond skater jumped onto her wound. The now healing wound closed slightly over the poor creature's abdomen.
"Look into the water, Alterra!" commanded Derek.
She looked down and there before her, in her reflection was not her own face but that of an older man. He was perhaps 20, maybe a little younger. He looked very strange and wore strange attire. A fine linen cloth with an image of a bird of sorts wrapped around his neck, and the finest woven tunic she had ever seen. He had no florescence. He was blind and a blank.
"I am Derek," said the reflection, "My name is Derek Beirmann and I'm called the Controller".
Another head popped up behind the Derek.
"Hi, Alterra, I'm Audrey from design, I made you!" announced Audrey, smiling.
"Audrey, please shut up, it's hard enough as it is without you butting in. Go play Tomcats or something!" snapped Derek. The head behind Derek sank back down, mumbling something she couldn't hear.
"Okay, Alterra, there is something we need to tell you, lots of things in fact. But you cannot tell the others. We will help you to hide what you know. You must pretend this never happened, just say nothing. Do you understand? Are we clear?"
Alterra was frightened but felt she just had to comply. She nodded her acquiescence shyly. The reflection faded, she still heard the voices talking, fading into the spring air.
 "Okay, folks, that's a wrap. We're in!" A round of clapping slowly dissipated. 
"Audrey made me?" she thought, "How could the Audrey make me? Who is this Audrey? Why does she say she made me? You can't 'make' a person? Can you? How is Derek living with Solaria? How can he talk in her place? Are Derek and Audrey Solaria's wife and husband? Why were we never told this by Solaria? If Derek is a Beer man, how is he living with Solaria, a Goddess? Should he not be making beer? Audrey has a cat?”
Solaria came back "you are hurt, child, call for help, call the others. I will help you, does that feel better?"
"Solaria can you hear me? Who is the beerman Derek, and Audrey, owner of cats? How can they hear me?" stammered Alterra, frightened.
Solaria didn't answer. Solaria never answered anyone.
The others arrived. Tanin, the bravest, bent over and looked at her leg.
"It's not even a scratch, Alterra Train, you are such a wimp. Look, there's not a drop of blood or anything. You are a wimp, Alterra Train; you lit up like the forest for a scratch. It's lucky you weren't hit by a horse, they'd have seen you in Solus!" 
The others laughed and one girl bent over to examine the wound. She plucked the dying pond skater from between the folds of healed skin looking at Alterra. She shrugged, Alterra Shrugged, but said nothing.
Tanin poked at the wound... "Pah, wimp! My dog was braver than you."
Alterra rolled her eyes at Tanin, "Your dog is also dead, Tanin. Your dog was brave, ...brave and stupid! Look, it hurts, Tanin, let's get out of here!"
She hopped to her feet and gingerly put her leg back in the water, the pain subsided a little. She didn't tell them, her florescence was stable too. She had lied and she was in trouble now. But why could they not feel the lie? If she could, they could. How could they not sense there was a Derek? Or an Audrey? How did the Audrey make her? Why did the Audrey make her? She braced for the lying sickness but it never came.
Thursday June 11th 2043. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 43%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 57%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 31%.

6 Montag Spring, Kerignastag
Elysian Year 3,422.
2649.5 miles NNW of Solus.

Mother Matriarch was standing with her arms crossed. The tapping foot, the accusatory eyes fixed solidly on Alterra as she entered the village. The finger beckoning 'Over here girl!' Alterra approached with her head down to face the music.
Aleena pulled Alterra’s face up with a finger to meet her eyes.
"You young lady are truly becoming more trouble than you were as a youngling. As the days turn to night your wits leave your head like the ice flows on Pronos. I don't think you can afford to haemorrhage any more wits, do you?  I and your mother Zee have had enough."
Alterra tried to hide her florescence as best she could, but Mother Matriarch saw straight through her. Aleena was as far as anyone could remember the best, most loving, most caring, most intelligent and best-looking matriarch their family had ever had. To Alterra she was also birth father, and that meant nothing she did was ever good enough anyway. The odds of her replacing Aleena were high, at least 70% or higher. Therefore, she was treated like a rough diamond. 
"...and if you keep that attempt to hide your light and your guilt up young lady then you'll be racked with blue for Montag, compliments of your mother Zee and me, how does that sound?" asked Aleena, wagging her finger.
"No, please mother Aleena, I was stupid, I know that now, I like running, I tripped, it was an accident!" protested Alterra.
"Accidental stupidity is still stupidity Alterra. We don't abide by Nincompoops in this family," answered the matriarch as she looked over Alterra’s left shoulder to Preen, her older brother. Preen was sitting at the well rubbing his extended belly talking to his baby and munching on a Berrelfruit. "Okay, well maybe we do have to suffer one Nincompoop, but not two of you! Now tomorrow is seven Montag and with or without you, or your lazy brain, we will all be having a feast. Would you like to join us?  Do you think you might be able to keep yourself alive until then?" asked Aleena mockingly.
"Yes, ma'am" replied Alterra.
"Maybe you'd like to join the cooks for a spot of knife juggling or fling yourself wildly from the summit of Solus tower?" Aleena made juggling motions and then hopped in the air on one foot as if this emulated throwing herself from a height.
"Yes, ma'am, I mean no ma'am, sorry!" she replied, trying to work out if that was the right answer. 
"Okay, so assuming we can keep your florescence inside you like everyone else's for the next day, then we can put this silly incident behind us and move on, yes? No?" Aleena was being deliberately bewildering now trying to get Alterra to consider her answer. It didn’t work.
"No, ma'am, I mean, yes ma'am, sorry... Yes, let's forget about it please." replied Alterra, looking sad.
Aleena sighed and put her hand on Alterras shoulder. "Every time you do these silly things, child. you hurt the family. Today we all fell out of sync with your light for almost three minutes. Did you realise this? Your mother Zee and I were distraught; we thought you had killed yourself this time. This year you are off to weaving school to follow in the footsteps of my mother, great matriarch Aldera, and your mother Zee. You will not have me or the other matriarchs in Kerignastag there to hold your hand. "
"Yes ma'am, I understand," she replied. 
Aleena paused while examining if Alterra really felt sorry. "Every time you let loose with such stupidity, you diminish your florescence and ours Alterra. More importantly, I love you, and we cannot afford to lose you. We are a small community and we cannot even afford to lose you in matrimony to another village."
Alterra nodded, she was succinctly aware of her importance in the village's future. Solaria herself knew how often she was reminded of this fact! It was a daily reminder at this point.
Aleena. happy that Alterra was conscious of the situation and sincere in her apology, continued anyway.
"You are my child and your mother’s. One day Solaria will absorb my florescence, daughter, and you might be matriarch. We also cannot afford a rock-headed matriarch with the brains of a Flumfruit beetle. Thankfully I won't be here to see it anyway, but mother Zee probably will be. So wake up young lady. "
"Yes, ma'am" replied Alterra,” sure that 'yes' was always the right answer after a lecture  from her father.
Aleena waved her hand toward Alterra’s house. "Right, enough! Off home with you! Finish your weaving studies for the day and we'll say little more about it... and no running, are we clear?"
"Yes, ma'am, thank you ma'am. Can I be red now?" she questioned. Mother Aleena had turned Alterra blue from over half a mile away, as soon as she felt her florescence rejoin the line, after the unplanned river incident.
"More than you deserve, Alterra, but for now you are red," she replied.
Alterra moved off slowly, walking all the way as commanded. Her florescence reddened as she walked. Mother Aleena went back into her house, closing the door and muttering to herself. Alterra wanted to run, but obviously that wasn't going to happen anytime soon. A matriarch’s command was final, well until it wore off.  'Mother Aleena’s command will probably wear off by the morning anyway.' she thought to herself.
'Wait a minute,' thought Alterra, 'How did mother Aleena not see the hiding of the Derek and the Audrey?' 
Mother Aleena, Alterra’s biological father, was a gifted woman. She was the most adroit reader in the district. Champion reader 5 years running. You couldn't hide last week's breakfast from her! Tanin had once told Alterra that Aleena could see where he hides his diary from half a mile away and she's not even related to him. 
'How did she not see the Derek and Audrey in my light? She has seen me hide my light, but said nothing of the Audrey, owner of cats, or Derek the beer man. She didn't even notice my wound healed in an hour. This is getting curiouser and curiouser' thought Alterra, quite  forgetting even how to think in good Elysian.
Friday June 12th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 43%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 57%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 31%.

NEP Headquarters.
Frankfurt Germany.
NEP Building Arboretum.

George, the CEO and so-far solitary owner of NEP, coughed to shut the murmuring up, and scrolled his fingers over his tablet.
"Today, Gentlemen and Ladies, we have a first. The system is now running and up 12 years. We’ve had a hard slog too. Most of you haven't been with us that long, but since emergence occurred, we knew this was completely doable. Today I can announce that we have successfully made contact with the Elysium. The system is now two-way. " He raised his fist in the air. Applause and hoots erupted, stamping of feet commenced.
George continued, obviously happy as hell. "At 7:30am yesterday morning, Derek Beirmann and his team successfully contacted, interacted with, and commanded a neuromorphic called Alterra Train, an Elysian weaver girl."
George explained that Alterra would shortly become the next Kuriosa of Elysia. Her emergence as Kuriosa would also be aired live the following day. It would be a big day in Elysia, it’s Montag, so lots of viewers to start with anyway. Now, viewers would have the birth of a queen to watch, thanks to Derek and his team. Alterra knew they existed and she had kept it to herself. There was no florescence feedback. They did it! A round of applause erupted like thunder with foot stomps again, longer this time, the audience deliberately ignoring the CEO. George tried to calm the noise in the room, waving his hands. "I'd like to, I'd erm like to call, quiet guys, thanks...  I'd like to call on Derek to give you all a little more information. From today, we are on track for C-Nome migration within a year. Derek, the podium is yours," he said.
Derek approached the podium, notes in hand, to rapturous applause. "We've all seen Elysia up close." he started, "Hundreds of millions see it online every hour of the day. For the first time now, it's a two-way deal. We now know that not only is there another world out there, a world physically identical to our reality, but it has a living, thinking, breathing population of people on it, and we'll be able to join them. That's the goal, and today we are so close I can fucking taste it!"
A huge round of applause and hoots exploded in the room. One woman from housekeeping threw her scarf in the air. Then seeing this was a silly move, she scampered about trying to retrieve it. Kev Mason, looking at the rest of his team, fisted the air while miming 'My idea' and giving himself a big thumbs up.
Derek continued through the cheers "Today our enemies, such as they are, our detractors, that Edward Strauss Muppet, and everyone that insisted New Elysia was a pipe dream can go suck my sack!"
Howls of laughter again erupted.
"But guys?" Derek continued, "Now is not the green light for complacency." 
He waved his hands for silence. Derek went on to explain that during his time in NEP, he had worked in many departments. In a small room on the fourth floor, Professor Mary Albright would be delighted to tell everyone that she had a total of over 180 thousand C-Nomes, all just sitting there gathering dust since the 20s and 30s. These were all the old Gehinscan C-Nomes. Every one of those folks had paid a rather large amount of money to wake up after they died. On the third floor, with the computer science team, is every C-Nome gathered in the past three years digitally. It didn't bear thinking about how many there were, half a million maybe by the last count. The New Elysia netcast was so effective at creating new customers that NEP was now a victim of its own success. With the acceleration in signups after the Pipkin impacts, the company was struggling to build brain scanners fast enough to cope with demand.
There were now more accounts with NEP added daily than they had the ability to scan. NEP would need to invest heavily in scanning technology in order to address that. In addition, as it stood, according to the death contract made with these dead people, the insurance companies and banks were collecting all of the interest on those peoples’ estates. NEP was getting nothing from any of that! The Netcast was probably paying for everything.
On the day NEP put the scanned minds, known as C-Nomes, into Elysia all of that would be reversed. Each of these C-Nomes, Derek explained, was worth an average of $500k to the company, and that meant that the room on the fourth floor alone was a gold mine of 100 billion dollars, and rising daily. The third floor was worth more.  If those C-Nomes were made of solid platinum, they wouldn’t compare. 
Those dead people promised NEP a chunk of their estate when they popped their clogs in the land of the living.  This was just the start. It was just the start because the very first thing that the first C-Nome would do is make contact with their living family. 
Derek continued his prepared speech and mentioned the most famous C-Nome, the first one.
 "We know full well that if the neuromorphs in Elysia are this real, this conscious, then Dr. Wilson, scanned in 2018 and now living on the fourth floor, will probably, I am reliably informed, wake up halfway through the last thought that went through his head." 
The audience laughed. Wilson was very well known in NEP, his image hung on the wall in reception. Derek explained that Wilson would make contact with his family. In fact, NEP would arrange them to be there when he was resuscitated in Elysia. After Wilson was migrated and called his family, they would be next in line with their fists full of dollars. Every person with someone appearing live on a netcast or call from Elysia would produce a group of others all desperate for eternity with their father, wife, mother, sister or brother.  Dr. Wilson, the first ever C-Nome scan, was worth more to NEP than his weight in diamonds. The C-Nomes wanted Elysia. NEP wanted their money. 
Derek looked about as the hollers died down."So we did it people! Now, let's take Strauss and his half-assed fantasy and mythology, his stupid ideological position, and we will use this to shove it up his ass!"
The hoots increased, shouts of 'Mindfuck Strauss' emerged.
George interjected, "We are Netcasting this tomorrow, and the ads are running worldwide right now! So let's rub his nose in it. I'm sure it will frighten the hell out of him. Given Eddy's age and failing health we might be lucky. He might just keel over and die! It'd be a great solution all round if you ask me."
Derek lifted a previously prepared small glass of champagne in the air and George joined him. They clinked the glasses and raised them again. 
"Here's to Elysia and the forthcoming death of Edward Strauss. Gaudete, et grandinem, Elysium!" shouted George.
The crowd went wild.


Chapter Five.
Fool of King Lear.
Tuesday 8th April 2031.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 8%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 92%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 0%.

83 Laeton Street 
Pensacola, Florida USA.
Living Room of Pastor Edward Strauss.

Edward Strauss was an ordained minister with a small but loyal congregation. At 60 years old, he was never going to retire from spreading the word of God. That meant he would die on the job. That dying would be accelerated greatly if he did not find a way to reduce the harm to his liver. Ed had only been drinking heavily for two years. He had taken solace in the bottle when his mother had died back in 2029. Right now he was again muttering and arguing with the TV.
"That's just wrong, Marie, look at those evil bastards. They are an abomination!" he exclaimed, throwing his hands up and rubbing his forehead.
"Yes dear..." she replied, her usual reply when her husband shouted at the screen.
"First, they poison the minds of our children away from God with their pseudoscience. Now look! Look at this total evil. They are planning to use their tools of Satan to poison the minds of the old and infirm. Selling a computer game as heaven? What next? Will Pacman be invited as a replacement for Gabriel? It's blasphemy, fucking blasphemy!” He put the cap back on his bottle, pointing to the screen with a refilled glass.
"It's just a scam, Ed, they are making money from the nonbelievers, promising something that Jesus has already promised all of us free of charge. I agree it's stupid, but what can you do?" Marie sighed. She was realizing he was going off on an alcohol-induced rant again, the third time that day.
"When will it all end, Marie? No, No, don't answer I'll tell you. It will end the day God has had enough of them and shows them all the folly of their ways. That day is coming, be forewarned. I'd guess it will be 2032, there's a lot of real evidence about that! And these supposed scientists can't even deny it!" he stated, taking a gulp of bourbon.
"Yes dear" Marie sighed again, putting the pizza menu she had been reading down and glancing at the science show.
"Would this be the same way the world ended in 2012, Ed? Alternatively 2019? On the other hand 2020? Or even last year?"  Enquired Marie, "You know dear, if you don't like these science shows on TV, you don't have to watch them, it's not the law!"
He crossed his arms angrily. “The Lord tells me to watch them, Marie, He tells all of us to use our minds, and to spread his word. To do that you can't be an idiot; you have to be informed about what they are up to!"
"Yes dear, I'm sure the Lord has a lot of things he wants us all to know, but I'd be pretty sure copying brains into computers is not at the top of His list!" she said, picking up her tablet and switching it on.
He took another swig of bourbon from his glass, emptying it. "That's exactly the point. So why are these guys more interested in doing that than anything of any real value?"
Ed had a real pain in his arse with supposed 'scientists' these days. The world was moving fast now. Technology and discovery were pummelling the airwaves and almost all of it was from abroad where the heathens and pagans lived. Almost every day there was some news broadcast about how 'scientists' in China or England or Sweden or everywhere else had discovered this or that. Seriously, how many scientists were there? He had never even seen a scientist so there couldn't be very many of them. He guessed there were maybe a thousand or at worst maybe ten thousand scientists! They were clearly all pagans, heathens and Satanists, and most of them seemed to have a direct line to the media. Half of them were atheist evolutionists. Atheists were the worst; they all hated God and pretended to ignore Him.
"Anyway, look I'm off to bed, I've had enough of this nonsense, and there's a long day tomorrow, " he said, slowly rising from his armchair and burping loudly.
He walked over to Marie with the remote control for the screen, then seeing that she had loaded one up on her tablet, he put it on the arm of the chair anyway. He walked into the kitchen to make himself a cocoa, with maybe a splash of bourbon.
"Yes dear," replied Marie as he disappeared from the living room, "Remember that the kids from the choir are turning up tomorrow for our yard sale, okay? So there will be a lot of noise in the morning. So don't drink any more of that stuff!"
"Yeah, yeah, I hear you," he mumbled from the kitchen, liberally pouring several caps into his cocoa and stirring.
He meandered into the bedroom and undressed, clumsily getting into his pyjamas. Then he opened his tablet, looking for some phrase in his bible that would illuminate his congregation about the dangers he had witnessed on the science show, about brain copying. He nodded off to sleep, but ten minutes later, he was awoken by a buzzing noise. It was warm outside and Marie had opened the window to let in some air. He got out of bed and shut the window. "Damned mosquitoes," he thought to himself "...they'll eat you alive if you let them."
He read a little more but slowly dozed off again. That was the cue. The tiny insects flew from behind his fishing trophy on the bookshelf and landed almost silently beside his ear. 
Wednesday 9th April 2031.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 15%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 85%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 0%.

83 Laeton Street,
Pensacola Florida USA.
Bedroom of Pastor Edward  Strauss.

Ed awoke from his sleep with another hangover, but utterly unaware he was now a walking star with an audience of just two. He could hear clattering and chatter outside as neighbours attended his wife's garage clear out.
"Oh my head, " he thought.
"Good morning, Edward, how are you this morning?" said a voice in the room.
"I'm fine, who the heck are you?" said Ed, opening his eyes, fully expecting one of the teenagers from the church choir to be bringing his breakfast. But there was nobody. There was nobody in the room.
"Maybe, Edward, it would be better not to use your mouth to talk with me? They might think you have gone mad y'know?" said the voice.
"What in the name of hell?" he said aloud.
The voice shot back wrathfully "NO! Not from THERE Edward, try somewhere else!"
Ed failed to understand what the voice was telling him and instead took this statement literally. He looked around, then over both sides of the bed, then opened the window and looked about.
'Fucking kids, I know what they are up to' he thought to himself. Why Marie always seemed to want kids helping around the house was beyond him. They always made too much noise. Now they were simply getting up to mischief.
"No, Edward, it's not the kids outside, others can't hear your thoughts, I can!" said the voice.
"Who are you?" he asked.
"Your wife, dummy," laughed Marie as she entered the bedroom carrying a tray of sliced toast and orange marmalade with a cold orange juice.
"I don't think that's going to do much for your hangover, Edward, allow me..." said the voice. 
He felt his head grow a little relaxed and suddenly the hangover was gone.
"I told you not to drink too much, Edward Strauss, you have only yourself to blame!" said Marie, scolding him and placing the tray on the bedside table on top of his Bible.
"Can you hear that?" he asked Marie.
"Yes, I can, as I told you three times yesterday the young people from the choir agreed to help us get rid of all that clutter in the garage this morning. Your nephew Tony is coming over with Mary and the kids. So eat up and get dressed!" 
Ed stuffed a slice of toast into his mouth. "Why is Tony bringing the kids over, Marie? It's the middle of the week, seriously! Shouldn't they be in school or something?" 
"No, Ed, all the kids are off school, it’s Easter on Sunday, remember? I told her I'd babysit while they load up the pickup. okay?" 
"Okay, so why are you babysitting again?" Ed was a little angry at the idea of two kids under five years old, both running around the house for a morning.
"Ed, we discussed this two days ago, and you agreed. Tony and you are clearing out all the things we can't sell and Mary is helping me at the stall. I agreed to mind the kids while she does that. So finish your breakfast and get dressed."
Marie pulled some old clothes from the wardrobe and threw them onto the bed. 
"It's 10am, up and get dressed, sunshine!"
"No, I meant the other voice, did you hear the erm... oh, I mean, never mind..." he put on a faux smile pretending nothing was wrong.
'I'm obviously going mad, I better call the doc or something, better not say anything, no point in worrying her' he thought.
"NO, Edward, that's right, there's no point in worrying poor Marie. She wouldn't understand anyway. You know, there is a difference between being mad and what you are hearing, would you like me to explain?" asked the disembodied voice.
Marie left and Ed sat there pretending not to hear the strange voice. He sipped his orange and munched on his toast.
"I'll explain anyway, Edward.," continued the voice "If you were going mad, deluded or psychotic, then I wouldn't know things you don't know. I could only know things you already know. That is how you can tell if you are psychotic, Ed. If a voice tells you things you didn't already know and those things turn out to be fact, then that's a good indication it's someone else."
He sat there thinking random thoughts, trying to remove the voice talking to him in his mind.
"Okay, well how about this?" It suggested, "You turn on that TV over there and it will be the God Channel. So how about I give you the very next sentence on whatever channel arrives on that TV right now, that way you couldn't have known it in advance... so anytime you like and the next thing you will hear is the following 'The bible teaches us forgiveness. Forgiveness is a virtue, one the Lord, in his infinite wisdom, bestowed on us that we, as flawed followers of Christ, keep forgetting'. NOW, turn on the TV Edward."
Edward Strauss was a curious, albeit unreasoned and uneducated man. He sat there doing nothing, but eventually curiosity got the better of him. He switched on the screen at the end of the bed. As promised, a young pastor appeared on the screen saying 
"..and the bible teaches us forgiveness. Forgiveness is a virtue, one the Lord, in his infinite wisdom, bestowed on us that we, as flawed followers of Christ, keep forgetting".
He stopped moving, with his glass of orange now held to his lips. He shot his eyes around the room expecting that maybe a bunch of his friends would suddenly burst in and shout 'happy birthday!' or something, even though his birthday was months off. 
"So, Edward, now you no longer need your faith, you are conversing with the creator of an entire universe. But that is okay, I remove your faith to give you my word, the word that you are chosen. You are a righteous man. A man of whom I have great need. But do not test me; you know how I feel about that!" 
Then the voice went silent. 
Ed got out of bed and checked around a little. He dressed and headed to the bathroom.
"Okay, too much alcohol," he thought to himself, as he took a leak.
The voice spoke to him just as he started to relieve himself.
"Edward Strauss, you can consider three things. One, you are either deluded or psychotic, and I am a hallucination. You have certainly poisoned yourself with enough alcohol to arrange it! Two, you are not deluded and what occurred was simply coincidence. It's unlikely but not impossible, right? On the other hand, three—I am who or what you think I am. But you will have time Edward, time to consider these options; you will not let me down."
Ed was so startled by this ongoing voice while he relieved himself that he pissed all over the floor then the bath mat and finally his own feet.
The voice omitted to tell him option four and Ed would never be able to understand four anyway. 
Ed wouldn't understand option four because his level of education was low.  He had been homeschooled by parents who themselves were homeschooled. There's nothing wrong in that, of course. However if your parents ignore important things like history, math, science, geography and so on, then very large holes will emerge in your general knowledge.  But as absences of information, you wouldn't know there were even holes.
That's okay though, you can just fill in the holes by looking up the answers. An option that was not available to previous generations. But it is available now. Anyone can test this themselves. We all have access to that information, all the time. Now, one may not know offhand what the Dewitt-Wheeler equation is, yet Solaria created an entire universe based on this and other facts. But here's a problem. If you don’t  know the nature of quantum mechanics, or general relativity then you won't understand what it is. All you'd find out is that it's a mathematical certainty. The Dewitt-Wheeler equation is irrelevant to our lives though, so who cares? 
Imagine though that you were unclear about how steam forms, or why things fall, or how much force would be exerted on a car crashing into a wall at 50mph! Imagine it was possible to fail to get a grip on these things, or worse, think they are illusory. Imagine you thought fairies or angels would stop you from falling? Such thoughts could lead to your death. Well, that's where Edward Strauss was.
The reason Ed could not look things up, but you can, is that Ed's parents decided to replace commonly accepted things that can be tested, with total and utter nonsense. Ed thought that simple, less complex things could not produce things that are more complex. Yet he never stopped to consider that his own genome was less complicated than he was. He knew snowflakes were made of water, and a drop of water is less complex than a snowflake. However, he never thought about it. He didn't think about that, because he was not capable of thinking about it. When things like this were mentioned to him, a barrier appeared in his mind and filtered the new knowledge away safely into the trash. In Ed’s case not only was he unable to fill in these holes of missing information, but the replacement information was a barrier in the way of learning things.
This was how Ed had received his education. He thought that mountains were formed during the biblical flood. He thought God created rainbows after that flood. He thought the water to initiate this flood occurred when this God opened windows in a dome covering the Earth. Ideas that would have any random 5-year-old stop the conversation and ask, "Sorry what dome?" were facts according to Ed. He didn't know that all of these things had been explained hundreds of years beforehand. He had heard of Isaac Newton, but didn't know anything about who he was, or what he discovered. It was as if someone had brought a serf from pre-industrial Britain back to life and moved him to a modern city in the United States. It only worked because other serfs surrounded him and everyone outside that bubble created all of the things they used.
Ed got his 'science' from the discovery channel, along with repeats of Ancient Aliens, Bigfoot stories and secret Nazi time machines. According to Ed this was 'Science'. He tended to believe every word he heard from Netcasts and TV. It was after all on the TV, and they were using science right?  He wasn't aware that by now most people deleted all these nonsense channels when setting up a new TV. There was even an app built into TVs to delete channels based on their utility. Ed had never heard of it.
Even if Ed had been educated to the level of PhD and had gone to Princeton or Harvard it wouldn't make much difference. He was very poor at reasoning things. He had come from a long line of people who had chosen to marry and reproduce with each other specifically because they had poor reasoning. It was a form of voluntary eugenics common in this part of the US. Many generations of people, all fearing logic and reason, were all choosing one another and reproducing at a healthy clip, for an inability to do so. In this case a population relatively poorly equipped for the modern world and low in average intellect had a higher fitness value. This process had continued since the 16th century.  Ed was an example of the result. This process had produced a man perfectly compatible with his environment, being handicapped with a low IQ was a benefit. Whilst in the majority for most of the time, this group even ostracized those that were good at such heretical traits as math, until they left the area, taking their faulty genes with them. 
This is the very reason Ed was a good choice. Religious beyond the norm, so not likely to question the voice of a God. Dumb as a brick and poor as the rodents that frequented his pulpit. A grown adult with the education level of a 14 year old. A perfect choice for any budding deity.
'Heretical' he thought as he dropped his pants and sat on his throne, 'Heresy, I am a very bad man to consider such heresy'.
Friday 12th September 2031.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 17%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 83%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 0%.

83 Laeton Street.
Pensacola, Florida USA.
Living room of Edward  Strauss.

Ed was thumbing again through the TV with a nice bottle of Jack Daniels given to him by a parishioner for his birthday. The bottle was now in its final hour, and Edward was sober but getting merry. As he sat in his chair, Marie busied herself on the sofa using her tablet and playing the latest boring computer game. Now again, from nowhere, for the fifth or sixth time since he had first heard it, a voice emanated in the room.
"Edward  Strauss" it announced in a relatively loud volume.
He looked around. Marie looked at him.
"Everything alright, dear?" 
"Oh, fine, just looking for my glasses."
"They are on your face, dear," announced Marie, turning her head back to her game as the voice continued talking to him. 
"Edward Strauss, righteous light. My people will destroy themselves unless they have a light to guide their way. You are that light, Edward. You are part of my plan; you have always been part of my plan. Now in the end days you will carry my light and my banner to the world. "
He got up, "I'm just going outside for a little, Marie."
"You are not driving anywhere in that state, Edward Strauss!" 
"Of course not, dear, just popping outside for some air! It's a little stuffy in here, and there is nothing on the Net I have any interest in right now."
"Fine, dear, don't leave the door open when you come back in." Marie held her hand up as a sort of bye bye, but never took her eyes off the screen.
The voice in his head was louder now. "You will stand beside me in the end days, do you hear me, Edward? You are part of my plan, a plan I have had since before any of my children were here, or animals or plants.  I am the creator of a universe you will listen to me."
Ed sat on the back porch thinking he was going mad. He refused to acknowledge the voice in his mind. He had read somewhere that auditory hallucinations were many times more common than visual ones. This meant he was mad for sure.
"Edward Strauss, you will listen to me, do not test me. You are to carry a message to the world.  I need you to know, I need you to see that you are who I say you are. You will obey my words. Now, I want you to warn them of this..." 
Warn who about what? he thought.
An image of an aircraft being hit on takeoff by a small gaggle of geese ran through his mind. In the prophecy, Ed was sitting in the airport drinking a cold smoothie, and on the runway an aircraft engine burst into flames. It struggled to gain altitude, but then crashed, nose first, bursting into a flaming fireball and rolling horribly along the runway in the evening sunset. He looked up, that was sort of right now. The sun was setting.
"Warn them, Edward; pick up the phone now, right now" 
Now Ed didn’t consider himself a gullible man. He constantly told people not to believe things they heard or read. Yet, he himself did this constantly.
Accepting things is okay, it's fine, nothing wrong with it. It's fine, of course, if you are reading a book on math, you can test it. But it's not a great thing to believe that fairies die when you lie. Despite what you read in Peter Pan, fairies are not real. Believing one dies when you lie does not explain why there are no fairies. A good rule of thumb to apply is a rather simple one. If a friend tells you that they won $50 in the state lottery then so what? That happens to lots of people every week. However, if they tell you there is a live Pterodactyl eating the neighbours' pets? Well, that is a little more extraordinary. Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
Ed however, seemed to choose the most bizarre sources for things he read or watched.  He never questioned these sources and didn't have the tools to apply reason. His self-assessment of being a man with an open mind, yet a keen sense of reality, was hokum at best. Now, here was a prophetic voice showing him as clearly as daylight something terrible. He stood up and strolled into the living room.
"Excuse me, Marie, where did I leave my phone do you remember?"
"It's in your top pocket, dear." Marie was reading an article on Wikipedia, she didn’t even lift her head when replying. Whatever Ed was doing, he could probably manage without her help. 
In contrast to Ed, Marie didn't believe everything she was told. She usually did question things, and right now she was looking up the long-term effects of alcohol consumption. She was worried that Ed’s memory loss, his muddled thoughts and erratic behaviour lately could be attributed to his bottle-of-bourbon-a-week habit.
Every time Marie needed to know something, she looked it up online. She also didn't just trust what she read; she sometimes went off and confirmed it elsewhere. This meant that right now Marie knew a lot more about the world than Ed did, and by a huge margin. This was the main reason she ignored him when he spouted nonsense. There was no point in correcting him either. No matter who told Ed something, he would only believe it if the person saying it was someone he wanted to listen to, and it was something he wanted to hear. He rarely wanted to listen to anyone but himself. If a scientist told him something, for which they were a renowned authority on, he would ignore it. If ten seconds later another pastor told him the very same thing, which he had heard from the scientist, Ed would magically accept it. Ed never asked how someone knew something. "Oh, so it is, thank you dear."
He walked back to the kitchen and opened the back door. 
"Edward, warn them. Do this as a sign of your fealty to me. It is flight FL-463 from Miami to Richmond Virginia. It is lined up on the runway right now. Pick up the phone, Edward"
He picked up the phone.
"The air traffic controller's name is Thomas Selfridge. Dial his cell phone number, it is 04 0 26 0 59464." 
Ed dialled it. The phone rang.
"Selfridge, yes, who is this?" came a voice on the other end of the phone. 
"Are you Thomas Selfridge?" he stammered.
"Yes, Tom Selfridge, look I'm at work right now, I haven't got time for sales calls. Can you call me back?" snapped Selfridge.
"No, No, please listen to me. Is there a flight F L 4 6 3 or something?"
"Yes, who is this? Who are you? Security, we have a phone warning!" exclaimed the frightened voice on the end of the line.
"No, no you don't understand... " said Ed, "There are geese on the runway, stop the plane".
Now, to his horror he heard the voice of the pilot on the plane in his mind. 
"Tower FL-463 requesting takeoff."
To his horror, Selfridge was answering.
"463 you are clear for takeoff! "
"Roger, tower, throttling up!" 
"NO!" shouted Ed  "please stop them; there are birds, I seen birds...."  
Ed felt pressure in his chest like some sort of force pushing him. It felt like he was on the plane too, as it was taking off, accelerating down the runway. He felt himself being pushed back into the kitchen door. He fell backward, landing in the middle of the kitchen still with the phone to his ear. 
Then in the camera of Ed’s mind, he saw Selfridge take his binoculars up, clearly thinking this was a passenger or someone in the airport. Maybe Ed was an observant plane spotter. Then Selfridge's mouth dropped as he spotted a group of Canada Geese landing on the field beside the runway. A few of the birds noticed the aircraft approaching and took off flying right into its path.
"463 we have birds on the runway, repeat, birds on the runway. Throttle back, stop your engines." 
"Roger, tower, Jesus that was close! You guys are eagle eyed."
Ed hung up the phone, now in tears. His legs were crossed in the middle of the kitchen with the door wide open in front of him as he rocked back and forward.
"I am the creator of a universe, Edward Strauss.  You are my light, and you have much work to do. From today, you will start that work." 
"Yes, Lord" he replied, frightened out of his wits. 
Marie came into the kitchen holding her favourite mug and switched on the kettle. "Are you okay, dear? What's wrong?" 
She ran over to her husband and knelt down embracing him while he sobbed, still rocking back and forward.
"Nothing, Marie, it's nothing, I'll be alright!" 
Sunday Morning 12th June 2039.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 22%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 78%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 27%.

Rose Bowl
Pasadena, California. USA.
One Year After Pipkin.

Edward Strauss's congregation had grown to millions in the years following his visions.  He was now a very wealthy man. His little bungalow in Florida had been exchanged some time back for a very large home in Los Angeles. He had an army of believers who would do whatever he wanted. Some obviously needed to be paid, but millions would work for nothing. The great advantage of organized religion was that the income was tax-free and employees worked for free. It truly was money for nothing.
He was now a regular pundit on talk shows, even hailed by his followers as a prophet. He had predicted the fate of humanity with his prophecy of fire from the sky in extremely high detail. It was accurate beyond what anyone could have come upon purely by chance.
Rather ironically, the scientific prediction of the very same event, had failed to garner any interest among the science community. It too was accurate. In fact, it even listed the names of the predicted saboteurs. That prediction was still available publically, yet nobody noticed. This scientific prediction had not been generated using 'simply by chance'. It was the result of examining every single facet, of every single person, that had anything to do in the slightest, with the asteroid retrieval mission. 
Ed made the same prediction based on a vision. He had managed to predict the single biggest event in history, using voices in his head as a methodology. Given the preciseness of this, it was obvious to all... 'We can't explain it, therefore the explanation is God'. 
In this case, Ed was so accurate, that there was no way he could have guessed all the tiny pieces of information. Ed wouldn't have been able to do that because he was an utter moron.  However, given the information, even a desktop computer analysis package would arrive at the conclusion. You'd have to know what information to feed it though, and that's what would need a very superior intellect. Obviously Ed didn't have that. It was why so many believed him. They knew he wasn't the brightest, so he couldn't have found out any other way than that God told him, just as he said.

Now he stood on this huge stage with the entire stadium filled to capacity and a worldwide audience in the billions. For the next three hours, he would use every word to garner as much favour and as much cash as he could. He took a sharp intake of breath and began. "When they told you I was crazy because the Lord our God showed me the terrible events of last year you did not scoff, you trusted that the Lord had a purpose!" 
He reminded them that he had told everyone to move away from the disaster areas before it happened, and millions had done so. As a loving Christian, he had helped as much as he could. Yet still the enemies of God scoffed and labelled him a fraud. From 2037 his ministry spent nearly every penny they received paying for travel, accommodation, housing, employment and care for anyone with faith enough to know God was warning them. Ed was told not to worry if they were Christians, Jews, Muslim, Pagan or non-believers. 
"We spent nearly everything we had. Spending all my money is hardly a worthwhile scam!"  
Ed paused, looking over the hundreds of long rows of followers all the way to the back of the stadium. All around him were true believers, mesmerized by his every word. He was also telling the truth. Until Pipkin, Ed was on the verge of bankruptcy due to huge expenditure trying to persuade anyone that would listen to leave New York and Phoenix. Ed told them that God was writing the final pages of his plan for all of his chosen people. God had told him this too! Those plans included everyone on Earth.  Then he informed them that there was opposition to God. The world's politicians, scientists, philosophers and everyone that thought they knew the truth were being lied to, or doing the lying.  He informed his audience that it was easy to show how wrong they were. "How do we know they are wrong? Well simple! For they profess to be wise, and professing to be wise, they became fools! God tells me this, he tells you too!" 
Ed informed them all that just as their science led humanity to the heresy of evolution and the fiction of so-called artificial intelligence. Well they were now evil, lying or just ignorant. The evildoers were unwitting followers of Lucifer. Their machines were infected with the voices of demons.  He was screaming into the mouthpiece now, pacing back and forward and driving his points home, making a fist, pounding it in the air. Exactly the same way teachers, lecturers and scientists do not!  Ed told them that scientists were designing their own downfall and that of humanity. They claimed Ed was organizing a self-fulfilling prophecy, while they rushed to create technology that would bring the end times. 
"God himself has told me, not in dreams or whispers, not in frozen waterfalls or images of flocks of birds, God does not talk to me in metaphor or simile. NO! The Lord, our God talks to me in the same way anyone talks to anyone, in words. Words as clear as day!" shouted Ed, raising his hands up to the sky.
The crowd cheered as Ed approached the front of the stage where oftentimes the ill and infirm were brought, so that he might lay his hands on them. He walked along the line of mesmerized followers, stopping at a young man in a wheelchair being accompanied by a woman in her thirties.
"The Lord our God tells me now that this young man, his son, was injured several years ago, in a terrible traffic accident. It's not curable yet, it may be some time from now, but not yet. The Lord is telling you to WAIT young David." 
Then he turned to the child's mother who was trying to comfort her teenage son. The son was upset, but holding himself together as bravely as he could. "The Lord tells me this, but of course I could have found that out, as our enemies would tell you. But they would not be able to tell you how I can insist that his mother goes to the local hospital today. " 
He leaned over to the woman.
"My dear Miriam, please do not be alarmed. You have a disease called Mesothelioma, Miriam. Your doctor missed it. It's easy to miss for doctors, but not easy to miss for your Father, the Lord God. Whatever you need, it doesn't matter how expensive it is, my foundation will pay for it, and you must go to a doctor, my child. Send me the bill."
The crowd gasped. Ed Strauss was NEVER wrong. Every time he predicted such things, he was right. Every single time, without exception. He also really did pay the bills. However, even if the bill was a million dollars, the incoming donations just from this short segment of his sermon, would dwarf it. Then again, who cared if Miriam was cured? Again, he paused and he held the Bible above his head.  He said he knew who these evil people were by name; the bible explains how to identify those that work with Satan!  These followers of the darkest of the dark, of pure evil cloaked in the lies of pseudoscience and bearing the emblem of Satan himself were now proposing they could resurrect the dead! The crowd shouted and booed at this idea.
"Yes, that's what they are saying, that's what these 'scientists' are saying.... They are telling everyone they can raise the dead! Are they mad?"
The audience booed the scientists again.
"The dead, my brothers and sisters, are dead! Only God can resurrect the dead. Now we should not question God, but it seems to me, just as an observer of the Lord’s work that he has better things to do than raise the dead!"
A huge wave of applause emerged from the stadium.
Again, Ed paused as small shouts of support rose from the front benches. "But we will combat these monsters. We will fight them! I will stand before you and lead the charge into their lines. You are my soldiers. Soldiers not weary, but with a fire in your belly. A fire lit by Him, by the almighty. Are you with me?" 
A wave of clapping and shouting washed across the crowd.  Even an army could not engender such deluded obedience to authority.
"To combat these evil people, I need you to help me. I am only one man. I cannot bring down Goliath without your support. As you can see I am no Samson, I am no David, I am no Moses. I am just a man, an ordinary man. I besiege you to donate whatever you can to help us stop these evil criminals in their tracks before it is too late." 
At this point, an engineer turned on the wifi for the third time that day for the purpose of collecting from the faithful.
"I will make this plea every chance I get. I make no apology to beg you to help me. I know many of you are not doing very well financially. But you will be doing a lot worse if these monsters reach their goal. Take out your phones and donate what you can right now! Give what you can brothers and sisters, whatever you can!"

Ed's sermons usually proposed that many scientific fields were simply illusory.  That the scientists in those fields were all fools and their science was just an embellished best guess. It didn't matter to Ed that these embellished guesses were applied in the real world every minute of every day, and never failed. If he had seen powered flight as a threat to his message, he would proclaim that it was impossible too! More than that, his followers would believe it; even the ones on a plane would believe it. 

He had started with the old Christian favourite of evolution, but then moved on to cosmology and even dabbled in philosophy and physics. However the voice of his God in his mind had worked out, before it even chose him, that philosophy or physics would never be his strong point. Lambasting science would only work if his followers were equally as uneducated as he was. Ed should keep to simple things that his followers would understand. Which were very simple things indeed. If any of the people present in this very stadium had pulled their phone out while he quoted his 'facts' and had they known what to look for, they would have realised almost instantly that he was simply wrong. Thankfully, this never happened. 
When Ed insisted that there was no 'proof' of evolution, his followers would not question him. They would also add 'looking for proof of evolution' to a long list of activities from which they would refrain. See how that works! The most ironic thing about this was that in 2039 evolution was a mathematical certainty, just like relativity, or the previously mentioned Dewitt-Wheeler equation. It was an absolute; it was more than a scientific law. A scientific law is just a conjecture. Evolution by natural selection was a theorem. It was an absolute truth inasmuch as humans can understand any reality. But nobody would look it up in this audience. They wouldn't even know what to look for anyway. Almost all of them were ignorant of everything from evolution to gravity, just like Ed. The only thing they knew was that it was wrong, because Ed had said so. The ability for people to find things out in any way, using any technology, was something Ed had told them was the work of the devil. Seeking knowledge was a sin. If it was not in the bible then it was not truth.
George Morris had once noted that wifi was switched off or even blocked at Ed's sermons because it would be hard for his God to compete with an invisible power that actually worked! Of course, Morris deliberately antagonized the religious just to goad them and get a reaction.
Marie on the other hand, having a coffee while her husband worked the stage like a pro, didn't care how much of a sin 'learning things' was. She liked it. Every time he misrepresented a fact, or used a dullard idea, she cringed. She looked around to see if anyone in the audience worked out he was an idiot. None ever did. Was she the only person in the world that knew atheists didn't hate God? I mean she didn't hate fairies. Ed didn't hate Peter Pan! Was Ed not aware what the force that held him on the ground was called?  How well trained a physicist was? Alternatively, that guessing anything would have you failed in any university for being a moron!  Science was all around him, and had been discovered by others and engineered by others. Was he ignorant of all that? Didn't he just tell them to use their phones? Did he think the phones were designed by elves in a cobblers shop?  Surely, he must know? She loved him dearly, but he could not be this badly educated. As the years rolled on it seemed he got more things wrong than right and nobody noticed.  If he really was hearing God then why didn't God tell him how wrong he was?
Marie might have called Tom Selfridge, the air traffic controller on that day 8 years previously. But she would probably notice something just wasn't right. She might not be able to work it out right away, but she would have the tools afterward to do so. After all we can all use the internet right? Then she would be very angry with herself. 
In 2037, President Jack Edwards, as an evangelical Christian, had put Ed on his science advisory board.  The President however had also decided not to put anyone with an actual doctorate in any field of research at all on such advisory councils. By 2039 a bias was in operation where the more qualified you were on a topic, the less likely it would be you were given any political input. All government advisory boards that had any input into science, medicine, technology or engineering were drawn over the course of the last decade, almost completely from the ranks of the uneducated. It seemed that the less you knew about something, the more likely you were to be chosen as an advisor to the president on that very topic.  Ironically, more would have been accomplished had the President replaced the uneducated with jars of liver. Unfortunately, as it turned out, his advisors gave him advice. 
On one occasion the president’s science advisers suggested that the best way to address the desertification of Texas would be a three-point plan of 'praying weekly' for rain, having children plant flowers in the desert and stopping the inhabitants from using too much water. Thankfully, none of those did any real harm. Praying just wore the knees a little. All of the children's flowers died within an hour. It didn't matter how much water folks used or did not use in a desert. If they drank 100 gallons of the stuff, it still had to come back out of them, and back into the water table. One meteorologist pointed out to the Texan governor that “Even if it rains for 10 years solid in Texas it will remain a desert. Lack of water has little to do with desertification. Antarctica is a desert after all, and there is no shortage of water.”  Most of the political observers didn’t even seem to realise that one of the longest and widest rivers in the world ran right through a desert.  As it turns out sand is made using water, and you need lots of water. Every grain of sand in Arizona and Texas was created using water. The president’s science advisors didn't understand this, weren't interested in it, had never spent even ten minutes looking it up, and they wouldn't listen when it was explained to them. They were still expecting a deity to intervene and save the day. 
But the harmlessness of these actions was just a lucky break. Other plans by the three administrations since the late 20s were not so benign. One of Ed's personal favourites, which he supported to the hilt, was a suggestion of making birth control illegal in the US, as a means of decreasing teenage pregnancies. Instead, teenagers would be required to take a class in abstinence. This promoted the notion of having students sign up to agree not to use their reproductive organs. Teenagers not fucking? Like fish not swimming. It was a weird plan, a little like trying to get a million people to stop eating. They would all start the plan, but most would simply start eating, and a few stupid ones would die of starvation. 
Somebody somewhere had forgotten that instincts cannot be 'talked away'. The story to young children from Aesop's Fables about the scorpion and the frog was banned in US schools in 2036, rather ironically under separation of church and state. Christian book burning parties set Aesop's fables alight outside schools. At the time, nobody worked out why such a lobby had emerged from Ed's camp. However, later it was pointed out by some, that the scorpion and the frog tale explained why you couldn't talk away instinct. This abstinence plan resulted in a huge rise in unwanted babies within the first year. It had also increased abortions. Unwanted pregnancies bring unwanted abortions. 
To solve the failure of the plan, all that was needed was to try it again, and again, and again. Surely if it were tried enough times it would work! Each time the plan was initiated it was given a different name. Maybe better marketing would somehow help it to work. Mother Nature disagreed of course, her outright refusal to play ball made STD infections rise too. This plan did increase the number of poor, uneducated children. When they became adults they would happily donate to the likes of Ed. Assuming they lived long enough with syphilis, HIV or a multitude of novel viruses to reproduce!
Marie had refused to talk to him about this crazy plan of pretending teenagers would agree not to have sex. She knew what would happen if this were ever enacted. She knew it from personal experience. She and Ed themselves had fornicated like rats from the time they met. They were just 15 when they started going out together. But she said nothing to Ed about it, even though she knew great harm would result. To stop the pregnancies, Ed had managed to lobby the government into imposing a prison term for anyone found in possession of birth control products. As if the birth control was the problem! Possession of prophylactics now carried a mandatory 3-year prison term, and a black market evolved. This further increased pregnancies and abortions. It also increased poverty and infections. Nobody was listening to the doctors, sociologists or any scientists.
This idea of positioning the uneducated as advisors to the powerful worked as anyone with an ounce of sense would suppose. The US became slowly science and technology blind from the top down, and all of the implications of that began to emerge. By the middle of the 40s the US would have the technological and scientific prowess held 40 years earlier by Romania or Egypt. 
Ed had no idea what he was doing as a science advisor to the president. His doctorate was one he needed for show. It had cost him just $200 and five minutes online. How did this make him a science advisor?
Government investment in science had fallen sharply in the US during the 20s and 30s. Instead, China, India and the EU had stepped up to the plate to fund most science and indeed the fateful Asteroid Retrieval Project. But asteroid was a dirty word worldwide by now. It was worse than the N word, even banned by some media. In fact, in science papers an asteroid was now referred to as a mass of rock or a bolide. 
Ed and his rather uneducated yet loud colleagues had also gotten their way when the matter of investment in the ARP was discussed by the US congress. Asteroids and science, insisted Ed, were magic and wishes. The US would not be investing in a glorified science and magic project. 
Since the late 20s,  enrollments in several sciences in the United States began to dry up due to poor investment and faltering education. Plenty of foreign university places existed, and if they didn't exist, then magically, investment to expand that foreign university seemed to be donated out of the blue. Students had flocked out of the US in the largest brain drain the country had ever witnessed. 
In response to the exodus of brain power, industry got cold feet. First the biotech companies moved out. They took with them a multi-trillion dollar industry and one of the most profitable commercial fields worldwide. Then the evolutionary genomics industry moved and took with it the biofuels industry that was reliant on it. Then engineering and the application industries jumped ship. Finally, the industrial giants became turncoats on their political puppies. One by one, they began to position themselves abroad.  Each one of them folded, setting up new businesses to avoid paying tax in the US.  It was more destructive than Pipkin but there was no enemy to pin the blame on. 
Foreign students, who in earlier decades made up almost half of the university places, became an endangered species on American campuses by 2040. Promising American students were identified online by foreign universities and snapped up. Audrey Slattery had taken NEP up on their offer as part of this plan.  By the late 30s it had gotten to frenzied levels, and after Pipkin, Harvard University and Berkley both announced that they would not survive.  Foreign universities worldwide were feeding on the brains of the United States like zombie sharks on the corpse of a dead whale.
The economy had begun to falter even before Pipkin arrived. All the while Ed blamed absolutely everyone else. His followers agreed with him. Anyone that didn't agree was likely studying for his or her qualifications in China, India or Europe. China had overtaken the US in terms of scientific and technological advancement by the late 20s. By 2043, China would have the industrial might five times that of both continents of the Americas.  Even American flags outside the homes of Ed's followers were manufactured in China. The last world superpower was faltering.
After the sermon, Ed's first move was always to find out what the takings were like, before retiring to his limousine and having a drink. He had over 148 billion dollars now, far from almost bankrupt! Pipkin was a Godsend to Ed! He was told categorically not to waste any of it. His God would need it in the end days. Ed and his followers were stupid enough to think a deity would need money or would be powerless to spread its own words. Solaria wasn't even a real Goddess, assuming a real Goddess was even possible. She had never needed anyone to collect money on her behalf. 
The economy was now subject to organised fiscal exsanguination by Ed and people like him. All of this money would be moved abroad and even flaunted in front of the Congress and Senate, showing them they were being robbed blind. The rest of the world ignored, filibustered, delayed and wrapped in red tape loans suggested by the last two presidents. Nobody wanted to loan money to a country that could never pay back.  If they had money to buy missiles and aircraft, then it surely wasn't that bad and they could look after themselves. Then again, Angola is poor! They spent a lot on weapons too!
Ed looked out of the window of his limousine as he passed through Pasadena after his extremely profitable gig. He saw a large billboard reading:
“Euro-Sino-American Friendship. America is not alone.”
An image of a Chinese woman extending her hand and helping an American man to stand up covered the background.
“Evil Chinky Atheist Bastards!” he announced to Marie sitting beside him, as he pointed to the billboard. "...and those Euro trash liberal morons, what would they know? Europe wasn't even hit by the asteroid!"
America was the greatest nation on Earth as far as he was concerned. Americans didn't need or want help collected from the wealthy middle classes of Beijing, Berlin, Bombay, Birmingham or anywhere else. They should stick to helping their own. America can help itself. As it says in the bible, 'God helps those who help themselves'. He was wrong; they did need help. He was also wrong in that there is no mention in the bible of God helping those who help themselves. There are many mentions of how charity is a virtue though.
"Aren't London, Moscow, Sevastopol and Istanbul in Europe, Dear?" asked Marie.
"Don't be stupid, Marie, London is in England and Moscow is in Russia, or was until last year... I don't know where Istanbul is, but it's probably in China! I never heard of what's it called again? Svens-tee-pol?" he answered. She didn't bother to correct him or reply. 
As the car turned the corner beneath the charity's offices, a huge line of thousands of poor and hungry Americans lined up. They all solemnly shuffled forward to collect whatever offerings the people of China and Europe had donated.  Some were still wearing badges on their hearts showing they had attended his sermon just hours earlier and donated at least 100 dollars to do so. Many of those people had saved and starved for weeks to afford that donation. They cheered as he passed, some stopped and clapped him. The poor loved him. They were positive he was a man of the people. Ed loved the poor and the poorly educated. He waved out the window with one hand, while pouring himself a large bourbon from a crystal decanter in front of him. 
Marie was staring out the window at the small army of dishevelled citizens on her side of the road. Two Chinese men in charity uniforms were hurriedly filling small bags. Each bag contained ready-made dinners in plastic containers along with a pamphlet of sorts, and a few other things like biscuits, and powdered milk.  
A child holding her mother's hand while waiting in line for food waved at her. She lifted her hand and waved back slowly. She was a very pretty and happy looking child when you consider her circumstances, thought Marie. Marie had never given birth, but had dearly wanted children.  Unfortunately, that was not to be. Marie smiled at the youngster as the car moved on, thinking of what her life might have been if she had children. Maybe Ed would not be such a grumpy puss. Now at 67 years old, even if they could adopt, and given their wealth and position they could, it would be wrong to adopt a baby. Wrong because its parents would die before she could wave them off to college or before Ed could walk a daughter up the aisle. If only she had been braver when she was a teenager, all she would have had to do is say no. Say no to her parents, say no to her friends, and tell Ed the truth. She never had, he'd never know.
Now the world was falling apart around them. This was a horrible world, it was spiteful and evil, there was so much wrong with it. She took one last look at the young girl from the window, now moving out of sight. She would give up every penny to change places with that young 15-year-old Marie back in 1987. ‘How did it ever come to this?’ she thought, ‘Why can't these poor people just get a job?’
“What is that idiot Stefani doing about this dear?” she asked, but Ed was too busy drinking and waving. Then she opened the separating window and looked at the driver in the rear view mirror. “Can you speed it up, Martin? This depresses me.”
It was cruel on a generation of people for sure. Solaria had looked at it as being a bad-tasting medicine that would cure the disease. She had evaluated the US very early on. They had been at war with someone or another for almost every day of their existence, except a few days. Such a violent society could not be offered peace, love, or help and be expected to reciprocate with anything other than total violence.  Solaria had many plans for humanity. They would all die without her solution. However, this one nation needed to have its flight feathers cut short! They would have to learn the hard way that humility is a virtue and altruism is not something that you do to gain a reward. 
Chapter Six
New Line of Sight

Sunday June 14th 2043. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 40%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 60%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 35%.
 
7 Montag Spring, Kerignastag
Elysian Year 3422.
 2,649.5 miles NNW of Solus. 

Morning of the first day of Kuriosa Alterra I

"It's so wonderful to see Montag children all dressed up, Mint." Aleena sighed, as she observed the courtyard filled with delighted youngsters.  "Y'know, when I was a child we visited Solus, Mint, and we were there for Montag. There were so many children, all glowing so brightly, they overwhelmed my mother, Aldera. She was sweating buckets with joy. We had to sit her down for over an hour that morning, she almost went into stasis for a week. Mother was always a bit on the emotional side," she explained, lifting the moneybox for Mint to place the week's takings.
"Her daughter, Aleena, is not that far behind her, my love, but that only makes her a more attractive wife." replied Mint, kissing her. "Happy Montag dear!" he smiled, "I remember you telling me the story, Aleena. Solus must be so beautiful. I would love to see it, just once. We can tell it again at the Bine tonight. I'd love to hear your Solus story again!"
Mint took out his journal. Mint and his journal were tied at the hip these days; it was a permanent fixture on his belt. The planting would commence soon. That meant seedlings would need to be bought in the next few weeks. He pointed his pencil at her, "But, my wife, we do have things to do now so it's not like dreams of Solus will plant the seedlings or harvest the crops. Anyway look, the good news is this Bine will be celebrations all round". Mint noted the amount of takings he had deposited. 
The previous year for the village had been fantastic. The best year on record for at least a generation. They could easily sell off the surplus in exchange for two year's seedlings plus plenty of other supplies. Mint explained that they might even clear the lower field of tree stumps and plant it. They also had two foals that they simply didn't need. The northern tribe of Kalesh told Mint that this year horse prices are through the roof. He had already been offered 30 shekels for one before it was even born. They would certainly have enough to finish another three houses and the roof of the common house.
Aleena closed the box after he deposited the money from the market. "Excellent, Mint, If you weren't my husband, I'd raise your wage, we probably made enough just this week to buy a barrel of droon for you," she smiled at him and patted him on the back. "We will decide on play or work tonight at the Bine; I think one more year of work is a good idea. We can discuss it. I am not a woman to ignore the council of my village." She closed the village moneybox.
"Yes Matriarch" 
Mint moved off through a crowd of dancing youngsters stuffing their faces with fruits and enjoying the best day of the year. Aleena looked to the sun as she strolled toward her house carrying the box. All was well in Kerignastag. 
Then she felt the blue coming on. It moved from her head, though her shoulders, along her arms. The yellow followed, then the red, all moving down, all draining.
"Mint, Mint... Mint... help me! There's something wrong!" she gasped, running out of breath and dropping the box. It smashed on the cobbles and coins tumbled, rolling around her as she fell to her knees beside the well.
Mint ran to his wife, horrified, as her light diminished. 
"Please, Mint, do something, I'm blank, it's dark, I'm cold, stop the blue, please."
 A look of horror passed across Mint’s face, his wife was not prone to negative emotional outbursts like this. Her florescence was draining, was she poisoned? 
"Panne, where are you? Panne, boy help me, Mother Matriarch is taking ill!" 
Mint felt the blue now too, the children stopped playing, and the blue grew through the inhabitants. Across the planet a wave of blue florescence moved slowly from village to village, it moved into the Matriarch or Patriarch and from them through the inhabitants. They felt cold, and alone.
The blue was the only time in anyone's life on Elysia, where they felt like real individuals as humans do. They were not used to it. The blue felt like death. It reeked of loneliness and sorrow, of lies and confusion. Death and loneliness was upon the world. It crept up and down everything, the land, the people, the plants, the animals, the blue dissipated.  Eventually, it would reach the northern tribes and they would know, all would know!
Sarnia was dead. 
"Our Mother Sarnia is dead, the Kuriosa is dead. Solaria not today, not on Montag" exclaimed Mint.
	In a brightened room, packed to brimming with the things Elysian girls thought best, Alterra poked her head from under the blankets. She rubbed her eyes and called for Cinty, the dog, who normally loved a morning cuddle, and was an excellent excuse to be getting up late.
She was happy because today was Montag. Her mother had let her sleep, mostly she suspected, to keep her out of the way. She sat up and stretched. All was quiet. There was not a song from the birds in the trees, no buzz of fruit beetles, not even the sound of random chatter from the village courtyard below. ‘Am I still asleep?’ She thought to herself. 
She looked out of the window. Aleena was in the courtyard beside the well, on the ground with Mint and Panne standing over her crouched and in pain. They were the darkest blue she had seen and it was fading fast, soon they would be blank. The children were crying and the village was blue, everyone was blue.
The pain was obvious, but for some reason she didn't feel it. Was she dead? Had the blue killed her? Would Solaria take her now? No, she was alive! It was the Kuriosa. The Kuriosa has died. When did she die? Probably hours ago by now if the blue has reached Kerignastag. 
She got up expecting to be hit by the blue sickness, by the loneliness of blue. She had never experienced this before. Sarnia had been on the throne for all of Alterra’s life and then some. Even Aleena was only 20 so nobody in the village, except the very old, knew the blue.
"Mother" She cried "Mother Zee? Kuriosa Sarnia has died. The monarch is dead; I can't feel the blue, why don't I feel the blue?" 
She started to cry.
"Alterra" Derek's voice was now in command mode, "Listen very carefully, Alterra! Kuriosa Sarnia has died, You are Kuriosa, do you understand this? Are we clear?"
Derek's voice faded a little, but he had uttered that single phrase. The first words heard by the new Kuriosa and usually the last words of the former Kuriosa. A phrase repeated by Derek almost offhand, with little in the way of reverence. He said it all matter of fact. He probably had no idea of what he spoke. It rang through her head. "You Are Kuriosa" boomed louder in her mind than anything she had ever experienced before. The phrase grew in her mind, and it flashed everywhere. She felt dizzy looking at the words floating around her.
'YOU ARE KURIOSA'.
"Do not go outside, Alterra, I want you to close your door. We need to talk about this with you, Alterra." Commanded Derek, "Can you hear me? Alterra, can you hear me?"
"I can hear you, Derek the Beer Man!" 
Derek spoke slowly. "Okay, just so we understand one another, your monarch, the Kuriosa, died last night, painlessly in her sleep. The ruling family is gone, Alterra. The new Kuriosa of all of Elysia is you. Do you understand? The new Kuriosa is Alterra... are we clear?" 
Derek often tired of repeating himself to the Elysians. Their culture was so different, and they had never heard a human before. He had to be repetitive to the point of self-annoyance.
Sarnia, he reflected, was probably the worst. She was not an intelligent woman by any standard to begin with. When she took the throne, she became brighter, but not by a lot. Talking to Sarnia was like conversing with an old neuromorph training program from the early 30s. Alterra was clearly brighter, and simply more interested in everything. Even so, it was becoming obvious that right now, in her distraught state, the lights were on, but nobody was home. To ensure compliance the phrase 'Are we clear?' became a training structure. But the system was getting used to it, too used to it. In fact some Elysians had begun to use it as a command structure themselves.
"I'm Kuriosa?" asked Alterra, running to the dresser and pulling up a mirror. 
Her light blinded her. The florescence was so bright, so beautiful. Shades of green and red peppered across her skin and danced in her head, she felt the light, the people outside, the village, and other villages. Now, as she opened her florescence, she felt the light of all her people diminishing, waiting for her red to start.
"I am Kuriosa?" she repeated.
Derek paused a little, hoping she might calm down, it was a wasted hope.
"Yes, you are the new monarch, it happens sometimes like that, Alterra. Don't be afraid, it's okay, nothing can harm you, and everything is going to be okay. " 
"What will I do, Beer Man Derek?" 
Derek knew exactly what she should do, she would listen to him! 
"This is important, Alterra; you cannot go outside just yet. We need to talk with you, to comfort you. Sarnia is dead, it's not proper to invade their grief with your florescence right now. Do you understand, Alterra?" He was trying to get her to confirm this new state of affairs.
"Yes, Derek the Beer Man, I see, I cannot go outside." 
Derek decided, before Alterra got it into her mind that he would be some sort of barkeep, to have another go at correcting her. "Sorry, look, Alterra, Beirmann is my surname, I don't make beer. Anyway can you see that you are Kuriosa now?"
"Yes, I am Kuriosa, but I cannot go outside, right?" 
She was now agitated and a look of horror mixed with confusion spread over her face. Dark sparks of lightning, dark blue and neon red began to wash over her skin. Audrey and Kev increased the dampening but they were at 90% now, and rising. Alterra was coming apart at the seams. She sobbed. Two long streams poured from her eyes, dripping slowly from her chin and the end of her nose.
"That's right, Alterra. So you know that you are the ruler of Elysia now?" Derek needed to get her to accept what was being said, and to understand it.
"I am the Monarch, I am Kuriosa now? Oh no, I'm Kuriosa... what will I do, Derek the Beer Man?" Alterras voice began to crack, she was showing visible signs of fear. Bright sparks of dark blue began to shoot across her skin, even across her eyeballs. This meant she was terrified.
"Well first, Alterra, I want you to try to concentrate. You can start by getting my bloody name right... it's Derek Beirmann, not Derek the Beer man... oh never mind.”
The sudden insistence she had misunderstood Derek’s name had Altera raise her eyebrow whilst still crying and burning florescence as if powered by a nuclear reactor. 
Derek took a deep breath, realising his name didn’t matter. “Look, there are things you need to know that Kuriosa Sarnia couldn't understand. I need to tell you those things now.  So that all of Elysia can understand. Before the red comes we need to talk about this. Are we clear?" he enquired.
Alterra was sobbing loudly now, but she nodded in agreement. "Okay, Derek, I need to know before the red, when will the red happen?"
"We have about an hour before the red, Alterra, so I'll start at the beginning and I want you to pay very close attention to me, are we clear?"  he asked, yet again making sure to gauge the response of Alterra’s florescence when he repeated ‘are we clear?’ He was also checking the huge wave of red, now moving across the surface of the planet.
"Okay, Derek, is this about Audrey's Cat?" sobbed Alterra, rubbing the tears from her eyes. "I didn't see her cat anywhere, it's a tom right?" Still crying, Alterra was hoping she was not also responsible for a lost cat.
"I don't have a cat? Where on earth did she get that from?" exclaimed Audrey.
Derek shrugged at Audrey and continued talking to Alterra.
"Right, Alterra, the first thing I want you to know is that I am not Elysian, I am Human. We are not of the Elysium; we come from a far away world called Earth." Derek was calming himself. There was no point in everyone losing the cool, an hour before make or break.
"You are from the earth? Which earth do you live in?"
Derek smiled at the confusion. "Our world, Alterra, is called Earth. It's a planet, a world, a little like Elysia, but we are a different type of people, here let me show you."
A transparent screen arose in front of Alterra and things behind the screen suddenly darkened as it sprang into life with the NEP logo on the screen. She shook visibly in fright jumping onto the bed, holding the edge of the blanket. Blankets were not the best form of protection, but Elysians are not violent so what would Alterra know of their defensive properties.
"It's okay, Alterra, this is called a monitor, and it's like a mirror that will show you things. We don't mean to harm you. You are safe, nothing can harm you here." Derek returned to his more monotonous but explanatory tone.
"Okay, I am Kuriosa?" she repeated, taking a step back to the beginning of the entire conversation.
"Oh fuck it, Alterra, this is going nowhere and the red is coming at breakneck speed, try to concentrate, please."
"Okay, okay, I know, the red is coming and you will fuck it, but you make no beer. I am Kuriosa, this blue shiny thing is a special mirror, and it will show me things about people who live under the earth? Am I going mad?" she blurted out in one complete misunderstanding, but she said it as if she fully understood what had been discussed. Then she sat blinking at the monitor and cocked her head to the side, trying to work out where it came from.
Derek rolled his eyes and shook his head a little. “Good enough, Alterra, right, sit down, we're going to show you. Please watch this recording, sorry, I mean picture book." 
Alterra sat and the logo faded. An older man appeared; he was clearly not Elysian. He definitely had no florescence. He was a blank. What was left of his hair was gray and he wore the most unusual attire she had ever seen. He was covered almost completely in clothes with just his chubby head sticking out of the top and his wrinkly hands sticking out of his sides. He had hair in his nose... ugggh! She thought she could also see tufts of hair in his ears... he looked funny.
"Hello Alterra" said a voice emanating from the monitor and filling the room.
"Hello" replied Alterra sniffling, but convinced that the video was a two-way communication.
"My name is George Morris, and I'm the director, sorry I mean Kurio, of the humans who are talking to you." 
"Hello George Morris, I am Alterra Train, I am Kuriosa of Elysia" sobbed Alterra remembering that now she was Kuriosa.
Audrey leaned over to Derek who paused the video.  "Derek, we have dampening at 98% and she's still going south fast. If the red arrives when she's in this state, she'll kill them all. Let's speed it up a little or shut it down, we can't go on, she was not designed for this."
Derek tried a different tactic this time, he became much more authoritative, exclaiming loudly "Kuriosa Alterra, your majesty,  you are Kuriosa. Stop sobbing like a youngling and get over it. The Elysium is depending on you. Your people need you, calm yourself, do you understand? ARE WE CLEAR Alterra?" He paused waiting for Alterra to respond.
Alterra sat for a full minute, sniffling as she thought about things. If she were not the Kuriosa then it was because she had gone mad. If she were mad then the matriarch would help her, and make her better. If she were not mad, then she truly was the Kuriosa. But either way she could not be a sobbing child sniffling in her bedroom. She should calm herself before she makes herself mad anyway. She snuffled a few more times, continuing to look at the monitor, which had been frozen with George Morris wiggling a finger in the air.
"I am calm, Derek; the man with the shiny head and hairy ears has stopped talking" She announced straightening her back, demonstrating she was coming to terms with the situation. Derek relaxed and restarted the video, it continued. 
Audrey sniggered on hearing the accurate but unflattering description of the company CEO. Alterra looked around the room when she heard her giggle.
"By now you will have woken up to find that Her Majesty Kuriosa Sarnia has passed away and that you are the Kuriosa. We are Humans. We live on this world and it's called Earth."
An image of Earth from the Chinese Space Station appeared along with a video of it from the now iconic ARP departure.
"Earth is smaller than Elysia, but has a lot more people" stated George.
A cartoon image of several Elysians standing talking, compared to a Tokyo city street appeared showing the rough difference in population size. Elysia was about eight times larger in land mass than Earth but had a population planetwide of about 50 or 60 million Elysian. Earth by comparison, was 8 times smaller in land mass than Elysia with a population of over seven and a half billion, but falling rapidly now. This was the Elysian Year 3422. The Elysium was in the Bronze Age and had been there for almost 40,000 years.  Even the planetary capital, Solus, had a population of less than two hundred thousand. There were still many places on Elysia, where you could walk for thousands of miles and never meet up with anyone else.
George continued to explain things on the monitor. "We are much more advanced in tools and things we can do than the Elysium." A drone movie of Frankfurt appeared and displayed the daytime and nighttime cityscape.  George tried to make himself sound as friendly as possible. “The only real difference is that humans have invented advanced technology.  This technology might look like magic, but it isn’t, it’s all perfectly natural.” George then took a break and sipped on some water.
He explained to Alterra that the humans would eventually arrive on Elysia, many hundreds of years in her future. They were not to be feared; all they wanted was to help Elysia advance. They would start that process before they arrived. Humanity would help the Elysium to advance to the same level they had accomplished without harming the Elysian species. The royal family would help the Elysium to adapt to this arrival of humans, and this is why Alterra was chosen by the humans to be Kuriosa. 
George took a break, the video continued showing examples of humanity. An image appeared of a new human baby being born and its parents holding hands, the father crying, the mother smiling. An image of the Saturn V rocket separating. Colonel Chris Noy and her team, departing from the Branson in her spacecraft and taking her first steps on Mars. Then an image of Elysia, on a huge monitor in NEP headquarters in Frankfurt. The camera zoomed into the nnorthern territory of Elysia, to Alterra’s borough, her district, her village Kerignastag, her home. Finally, the camera zoomed into Alterra sitting in her bedroom, looking at the very same monitor image. Alterra turned to look at where the camera would be. She reached out, tried to wave it away, and noticed the Alterra on the screen was doing the same. It was really a mirror, she thought, a very powerful mirror.
George continued explaining how he knew this information would be a shock. But that once she knew all about how Elysia came to be, before the red arrived, then she could not harm anyone around her. She would know all about it, and she would be able to understand it. 
He took up a controller beside him. "Alterra, I'm going to start this moving picture book from our elders that will explain to you how Elysia came to be, and how your world will change in the future."
The old man vanished and a youngish man, maybe 13 years old approached the monitor "Kuriosa Alterra, greetings from Earth, your majesty, we are Humans. My name is Dr. Radcliffe and this is Professor Sang. In our world, we are called scientists. We are a little like the court elders of Solus. We need to tell you who you are. Please be very calm while we explain this to you."
Professor Sang took his time. He was an older man, maybe 25. He looked like the people of the eastern tribes, his eyes were bright and he spoke slowly.
"Kuriosa Alterra, your majesty. This is a video, sorry a 'picture-book' about Elysia, it will explain why you are Kuriosa."
The video went on through metaphor and graphics to explain the Elysian project. It explained in the simplest of terms what a computer was, and what a brain was. It showed slowly and simply how the huge supercomputers of the 20s were replaced with quantum machines of the 30s and 40s and how Elysia and all of its history were created from scratch. 
Alterra was amazed, she had stopped snuffling by now. Audrey was there in the mirror, without her cat. She was showing how she makes people. She makes them on another powerful mirror with her fingers. She makes them before they are born! Did she make Alterra before she was born?
Then a woman appeared and her name was Mary. She was certainly like the city people of Saroola Alterra had seen in picture books before. She had very dark skin, really dark, dark brown. She had huge white teeth with very large golden rings in her ears. She smiled a lot and was very nice. She also had lots of green on her eyes, just like the Bartu of northern Saroola. Obviously, she was very intelligent to have such bright green eyes. Mary was Bartu. Bartu lived on this Earth. Mary showed Alterra a room full of strange-shaped objects and said that they were dead people taken by Solaria. These dead people, Mary explained, were inside the strange devices. One day far in the future they would be sent to Elysia. Then they would be alive again and wouldn't be dead anymore. Now she was showing a room with lots of shelves and large boxes and vines. There were lots of blinking lights like fireflies from the forest. They were making strange noises, clicking and whirring. Mary said that many times more people, who had died, were all kept in these boxes in something hard, which drove somewhere? Alterra couldn't see any horses to do the driving. She didn't understand that bit. A man behind Mary in a white coat was pulling black vines out of one of the boxes, trying to lift the box off the shelf. Alterra thought that maybe a small dead person would escape from one of the holes in the box and run away.
The video did not show anything that even looked remotely violent. Earth was a magical place where even when Solaria absorbed you, then you could live inside a black box in a forest. Afterward Alterra’s mouth remained fixed in the open position. She was fascinated. Alterra came back to the real world, inasmuch as it was a real world.
"Okay, Alterra, can you hear me? It's Derek, I want you to tell me what is on your mind. What are you thinking?"
Alterra paused, looking at the monitor. She was thinking about what the humans had told her. "So, I'm not a real person then? I'm something that Audrey made up, like her cat, with her fingers? Is my mother real? No, No she isn't either? But these humans, they are real... or at least were real? Are these people in the boxes lies?" she asked, trying to make sense of it all.
It slowly dawned on Alterra that the humans were all there was. There was no Elysia. There had never been a Kuriosa Sarnia. Was there a stream? Was her house a figment of her own imagination? She looked at her hands. The bright light of the monarch's florescence glowed down through her arms to her fingers. But was everything, including her, a mirage? All fake? It was all a lie? Humans lied, THAT'S why they had no florescence! They could lie without getting the sickness!
"You do not tell the truth, that is why I cannot see your light! You lie! I am real!" she announced, partly trying to make sense of her situation.
Derek had heard this answer now 16 times from every Kuriosa. He gave her the obvious answer, the 'I think therefore' answer.
He appeared on the monitor in front of her and said calmly, "Alterra, look Elysia is real.  It's as real in Elysia as any human on Earth experiences anything. If you think about it, if you have the ability to see you are there, then you are there and exist, right? You think, therefore you are! If we are talking to one another, we are both real, yes? It doesn't matter who, or what made a thing. Things are still real, regardless of who or what made them. You don't think that I like to talk to myself do you?"
"I suppose if you put it like that." 
But she was not sure. The humans had shown her that they made the entire world and everything in it. They were much more powerful than Solaria. They could do anything. They could probably bring great mother Aldera back from Solaria's florescence. They were much more powerful than any Goddess.
"Well, that's the only way to put it, Alterra, the red is now closer than ever and will arrive soon. That means that everyone will know you are Kuriosa. Do you understand now?" Derek crossed his fingers behind his back. She couldn't lie, so she would tell the truth, and that's all he wanted to hear.
"Okay, Derek... Okay... I understand now. I can't say I like it, but I understand. But Derek...?" Alterra felt herself beginning to get warmer.
"Yes Alterra?" 
Derek looked at the monitor; it was here. The red florescence from Sarnia’s corpse was breaching the lake. It had arrived. He gulped.
"I can feel the red coming, it's here... will I die now, Derek? Will mother Solaria take me now?" She was sitting on the bed now, with her back straight against the wall of her bedroom, being as brave as she could, hugging her blanket. She was terrified, but she strengthened herself.
"No, Alterra, you won't die, it's going to be okay. I promise." Derek's voice was reassuring. He began to feel for Alterra. She was a being that exhibited clear consciousness and intelligence. She was self aware, sentient and clearly very emotional. Given the circumstances, this was perfectly natural. It would be a lot more worrying if she were not emotional.  He had picked her based on her physical location, her beauty, and little else. He felt a little guilty. He also knew that although her life would change, Elysia would now work. She would live, rather than her planet being shut down by his employers.
Kev broke in. "Derek, it's Kev, we can remove dampening, she's in the stream and stable as a rock. We are good to go in... five... four... three... two and…  migration of Kuriosa V1.9 under way!"
"I can feel it, Derek, it's red... everyone is going red." announced Alterra as she closed her eyes and stiffened her back, as if that had ever worked.
Kev was ecstatic. "Migration to live complete. Kuriosa Alterra V1.9 is out of the sandbox and running with zero dampening. She is live." On hearing Kevin announce this, people watching the events unfold, in the streets of Frankfurt below, cheered loudly.
Back in her bedroom, Alterra opened her eyes again. The whole of Elysia could see her now; she was the new Kuriosa. 
"Alterra, you can leave the room and the house now if you like. You are Kuriosa Alterra," said Derek calmly.
Alterra stepped tentatively from her home into the courtyard that separated her house from Mother Aleena's home. The sun was splitting the sky, waves of sunlight bounced off her skin, throwing a bright spectrum of rainbow shadows across the courtyard. The children had stopped sobbing and were staring at her, puzzled. Mother Aleena was resting beside the well, where she had been for the past hour recuperating from her ordeal with blueness and blankness. The matriarch often took hours to recover from blue like this. Mint was dampening a cold cloth to rub on his wife's face. Mother Aleena saw her walk toward her and was confused. Panne had decided to round up the children and called their parents. The whole village had entered the cobbled centre to see if they could help mother Train as she recovered. 
Talin was gaping at Alterra, his eyes bulging. He bowed profusely. "Mother" he said. He bowed again. "Semper in lucem Solaria" he stammered and again he bowed.
She walked to the centre of the village with all eyes fixated on her, not a single person said a word. Their minds were totally taken aback by her brilliance; their biology programmed to obey her every desire. She need not even speak; all around her would simply obey if she felt they should. She was commanding nothing and they were getting no commands. They were in total shock. 
Alterra too was blinded by this new reality. She could see that her shadow rippled against the walls of the houses as she walked. She was casting speckles of wide arching rainbows in the shiny cobbles as she put one delicate foot in front of another, tthe skin on her arms shimmering with many colours. 
Nobody had ever seen a real monarch before. Well, except obviously in storybooks and sometimes on carved wooden news posters in the nearby towns. An Elysitite was rare enough, but a monarch in front of them was unheard of. There was only one monarch. Alterra was that monarch.
Now, today, in the backwater of the empire she was something new.  In this small sleepy village, a place where the most exciting thing to happen was yearly Montag or the odd thunderstorm, she was Kuriosa. In this culture, in the doldrums, the ruler of all of Elysia was standing before them. She looked around herself, in her hand-woven nightgown, barefoot, and with her hair braids falling apart as she walked. Enclosed in luminescence in the midday sun and shimmering with her red florescence from beneath her. She was in shock. Just as shocked as any of these open-mouthed villagers. 
The village bowed to her, murmuring as she passed "Semper in lucem Solaria," they whispered. Mother Aleena walked to her and bowed, "You Are Kuriosa" she said, then she bowed again and asked "Child, how?"
"I don't know." She lied. 
The green was coming now, Alterra could feel it, she smiled at Shamash. She could feel her understanding grow, her mind expanded. She could see that humans were very real, unless they too were made by another civilization outside of their reality. She saw that Elysia would never be the same, and that reality is what you make of it. If you can make something of it, if you can consider it, if you know you are there, if it is possible for you to consider these things, then you are real. If your memories of your past are in your mind then they happened, even if not exactly how they happened. 
The town could feel the red emanate from her, she comforted them with orange florescence.  A little boy ran to her, hand outstretched before his mother could stop him. He offered her his Montag fruit. She kneeled, thanked him, and kissed his forehead.
"Happy Montag, your majesty" he sang. He was too young to know what was happening but he knew she was his monarch.
"Happy Montag, Pranel" she replied, biting into the fruit.
Aleena bowed "Solaria knows best, daughter, your majesty" she said.
"She's been accepted," announced Audrey over the internal comm system. 
Kev joined in, "She is the new line, we have a fucking queen... boo yeah mudda-fucka!" he shouted not realizing he was live, both online and in Elysia. The entire village looked around to see where the strange, excitable voice was coming from.
Alterra sniggered. 'Earth human person, for such a clever man you are also such a stump' she thought.
Solaria said nothing, but she concurred 'Seriously it was all so beautiful until you opened your fat mouth. You are a twat Kevin Mason' she thought.

Thursday June 25th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 47%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 53%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 35%.

1 Demi, Spring, Mil
Elysian Year 3422.

Outskirts of the town of Mil  1,628 miles NW of Solus.
Alterra was exhausted. She, her mother Zee and Mint had been travelling south now for almost a month. She had begun to count the distance to Solus, based not on the mileage, but rather on the horse changes to her carriage. Every time they had changed horses, they were different colours, and all mismatched. It was stupid and in terms of weaving this was total heresy.  In future she would order the horses from lightest to darkest along the carriages. There was bound to be a way to make the parade look prettier.
She also had no idea why one young girl, monarch or not, required an entourage of four carriages and dozens of burly men and women of the northern tribes on horseback holding spears. One of these days, one of them will cut themselves. What about that? she thought.
The northerners were a belligerent bunch to be honest. It's the start of Spring, warm and beautiful and here are a family of hairy, noisy oafs on horseback, dressed in furs, trotting along beside her carriage discussing hunting mostly, and who killed what and when.
Nighttime was the worst. She had never heard tell in her life of an entire family predisposed to grunting, farting and snoring so loudly that even the crickets evacuated the camp. She was considering how the crickets were right; she might even decide to join them.
As a child, she had heard rumours that these brutes sometimes ate flesh... ughhh! From snippets of conversations she herself had heard, as the carriage meandered through the dusty roads, it seemed that these savages really did kill animals and eat them. They were disgusting; eating things that ran about on the ground was shameful.  This carriage was bumpy and she was sore.  She could have run to Solus twice by now, she was sure of it.
"Are you hungry, your Majesty?" asked Mint. 
"No, but thank you, Mint." 
"Have you given any thought to our discussion on betrothal yet?" 
"Mint, I'm seven; seven year old girls have no interest in babies. We can discuss it a year from now or more. I'm still a virgin, and Mother Matriarch was adamant that Tanin and I would practice on each other before I decided on my first wife or husband. Do you see Tanin anywhere?" 
Another bump on the road shuddered through the carriage.
"Mother Alterra, I love my wife dearly, but whatever she decided was good for you, and my son is irrelevant these days. Although I had wanted Tanin and you to at least be firsts for one another."
Mint had notions of his son Tanin being Alterra’s first for lots of reasons. Mostly because it was obvious that they liked each other. Since they were both a little wild and very extroverted, they would enjoy each other lots. After the red, Tanin became so subservient to Alterra that she had lost all interest in him. Tanin had inherited his gift with finances and trade. It would be an advantage to his village to have another person good with trade and a matriarch married. The problem of course was that Alterra was going to Solus now, and she would never see Kerignastag again.
Alterra turned to Mint and sighed. 
"Tanin is a great boy, Mint! But I will be firsting with a man or woman. I'd be sure there are plenty of young men and women in Solus. Every one of them would cut their own arm off to mate with the monarch! It's not as if we are heading to the deserts of Nuria is it? Tanin is my friend, but these days all he can think to do is bow. You know Mint, there's a lot more of me up here than there is down there!" She pointed to her head and then her feet.
From the front of the cavalcade, an order was given to dismount. The carriage began to slow and finally stopped.
"Well, your first time should probably be special somehow, your majesty, with someone you know, with whom you are already good friends. We both know you and Tanin are more than merely friends. Well, before you were Kuriosa anyway, do you not find my son attractive now?"
Alterra noticed they had stopped, but answered Mint, assuming they would start moving again. "Maybe you and Tanin should be my firsts. Mother Aleena always said you were excellent in that department, one of the best she had ever had.  She referred to you as toe curling a few times y'know. Anyway look, how about I send for Tanin, would that make you feel better?" 
Zee looked up from her weaving and smiled. "Daughter, I mean Majesty, Mint is excellent and can keep going like a rabbit for hours on end." as she nodded to herself and continued weaving.
Mint tipped his finger to his head—the common Elysian sign that he was humble in accepting such praise, and continued. "Thank you, majesty, I will send for Tanin when we reach the next town, I would be honoured to be your first, Majesty." 
"Speaking of betrothal and babies though, I have a serious pain in my chatra with this 'Majesty' nonsense, Mint! Right what is up now? Why are we stopping yet again?" 
A knock came to the carriage door, Mint opened the window to view a tribesman with his head bowed.
"Majesty, the Elysitite and representatives of the town of Mil, and her majesty's subjects of the town and borough of Mil, wish to pay homage to the Kuriosa."
The northerner kept his head bowed while he spoke.
Alterra poked her head out of the window, looking about a little at the scenery and the assemblage of townsfolk, dressed in their finest. She leaned out further, to within 6 inches of the tribesman's face and sniffed the air.
"Oh for fuck's sake, first can you keep your head up tribesman; it's hard to hear someone when they converse with their boots."
"Yes, majesty" replied the tribesman.
"Next, if we stop at every town, village and hamlet between here and Solus I'll still be on the road five years from now, and I'll end up with a smelly savage as my first." She shot her head back into the carriage.
The tribesman's head lifted to look at Mint sheepishly. Mint shrugged, the tribesman shrugged.
"Thirdly, tribesman, and I do not mean this as an insult, it's a fact! You smell like a dog’s arse! Have a bloody wash before you knock on my carriage door again, are we clear?" shouted Alterra from inside the carriage.
"Erm, yes majesty, my apologies, your majesty!" he replied, backing away.
"My arse has a blister the size of a tangerine, Mint! So what do you think? Should we stop for a refreshing arse licking? "
She bent over and looked about for her shoes on the floor.
"Let them pay homage, Majesty, it's common for you now, but nobody in these areas has seen a real Kuriosa in the flesh before. You cannot deny them it. It would be wrong." Mint got up to see if he was sitting on the shoes.
"I suppose," She opened the door and stepped out onto the road, shoeless. Two tribesmen rushed forward to help her off the step onto the ground, but it was too late, she waved them back.
"It's okay, I'm well trained in door opening at this stage." she sighed.
A gasp arose from the assembled dignitaries and townsfolk. One woman fainted and fell back. She was caught by several onlookers. A young girl, maybe four years in age, carrying a bunch of small, multicoloured flowers, drooping and wilting a little, looked at her father as he gently pushed her out in front of the assemblage. She bowed and curtsied several times, offering the flowers, head still down.
"Young lady, what is your name?" asked Alterra.
"It’s Pian, Majesty, Pian Nortic, I am SolMatriarch of Mil." came the shaky response.
"Well, Pian Nortic, SolMatriarch of Mil, you turned out to see me?" asked Alterra, smiling.
"I did, majesty, thank you for stopping majesty, we are so happy to welcome you to Mil majesty"  Pian thrust the flowers out a little further, her head still bowed in reverence, so much that she was growing a tiny extra chin.
"Those are quite splendid shoes Pian. Your parents must be very wealthy to afford such beautiful footwear for their children. Much better than my own shoeless feet you are staring at!" 
"Majesty?" asked Pian, a little confused at the suggestion, but looking at Alterra’s toes.
"Well, it would waste both of our time in this stopping of my journey to Solus if you keep looking at your feet child. Do you think you could lift your head a little? That way you can see me, I'm up here see?"
Alterra smiled and waved her hand before Pian's eyes. Pian lifted her head to look at Alterra. 
"See, not so hard is it? Hello Pian, I'm Alterra." 
Pian smiled broadly, her breathing now shallow, as Kuriosa florescence literally pummelled through her. She was taken aback and began to feel a little weak. "Thank you, majesty," she gasped.
Alterra reached over and took Pian's outstretched hands in both of hers. The flowers in Pian's little hands began to glow brightly in the sun. The stalks and leaves became more rigid and a haze of multicoloured light and florescence emanated from them. 
"They looked a little, erm... withered Pian, but they should last months now, maybe we should put them in water or something? Would you like to keep them? Something to remember me by?" 
"Oh majesty, yes, yes, please, they look so beautiful." 
Pian was intensely flush with emotion and could barely contain herself. The woman in the assemblage, just now recovered, fainted again. This time suddenly with nobody to save her, she fell backward and discovered quickly that gravity was not her friend. The townsfolk attended to her as Alterra rolled her eyes. 'Give me strength Solaria' she thought.
"That's settled then, Pian, you keep these lovely light daisies, it also stops my carriage from filling up daily with bunches of flowers. It's win-win all round I think." 
"Yes, majesty, thank you, majesty." 
Alterra patted Pian on the head and then took her hand. Pian was now filled to brimming with Kuriosa florescence. Although nowhere near the amount the flowers were.  The two walked slowly with two tribesmen behind them to the Elysitite. 
He was a handsome gentleman dressed finest among the assemblage, his florescence clearly denoting his primacy in the group.
"Welcome, majesty, welcome to Mil, we are so delighted to welcome you." His head bobbed up and down, she tried desperately to follow it, but realised she too was nodding like a fool.
"So it would seem. Three times in one short sentence is welcome indeed. I feel welcomed three times over! And you are who?" she asked cynically. 
"I am Panna Nortic, Elysitite of Mil, young Pian is my daughter," replied Panna, taking the hands of two women beside him. "... These are my wives, Milla, mother of Pian, and my second wife, Seena, and beside your horses is my first husband, Tray, we are all delighted to meet you."
Panna was clearly a young man, he was tall and gangly, maybe 5 foot, 5 inches, and he sported a long, curly moustache. On his right cheek was a small scar where elements of his green florescence seemed to congregate. This also meant that even without feeling him, Alterra knew he was rather an intelligent man, like most Elysitite.  He was certainly a lot younger than most Elysitite. He was maybe 10, or 12 at most. Unless the previous Elysitite had died suddenly, she could not work out why such a young man would be the leader of so many.
"Panna, you live in Mil? Not in the Elysitite Castile?" she asked.
"I’ve lived here all my life, majesty; I am Elysitite only these past two years. Solaria took my Grandmother, Prianna Nortic. We never moved into the Castile. Mil is such a lovely town and my Castile so far away."
"Well, it looks lovely from the outside, but maybe given the hour we should spend the night in Mil and you can tell me about it. It would be great to sleep in an actual bed this week at least once." 
She had decided that turning up the chance of a warm bed, cooked food, a pitcher of droon and the company of others, along with a spot of well-rehearsed arse kissing from the locals, was too much to turn away and went right for the jugular.
"Oh majesty, this is more than we deserve, yes please. I would be so happy to show you Mil, we will make arrangements. " 
Panna clapped his hands and gestured feverishly to Tray who came over immediately. 
"Her majesty is to stay in Mil today, ensure she has rooms and anything she wants, Tray" 
Tray nodded and ran off towards the town, shouting, "She's staying! she's staying!"
"Forgive him, Majesty, Tray is a wonderful man, but he was never gifted with social grace or much intelligence."
Mil, or Castile Mil, is a provincial town and the capital of the borough bearing the same name, the borough of Mil. It was a large trading town, with a very large market, governed by the Elysitite governor. Castiles are usually situated within a few miles of the outskirts of a town. In this case however, the Castile was over 50 miles away. Mil’s population was about 150 Elysian families  or about 18,000 Elysians. At the end of the month this could often grow to over 40,000, or at Montag even 60,000 as traders and families would travel to Mil for the end-of-month faire. 
The last time a Kurio visited Mil was many generations before, so far back in time was this visit, that it was to be but a footnote in Mil’s long, boring history. Yet the town retains a statue of the visit of Kurio Kain Tein in the town centre, and he just passed through the town on his way to the Castile on business. Now, a real life Kuriosa was offering to stay in the actual town for almost a full day. Panna was beside himself with excitement. 
A child's cry came from the assembled dignitaries, as one child wet himself with elation. Alterra looked, but pretended to ignore it. A small puddle made its way over the cobbled street toward her feet. She took the opportunity to glance down as the small puddle moved between her toes and under the arches of her feet. Onlookers also pretended nothing was happening and there was a short uncomfortable silence. ‘Ohh that’s just super’ she thought  ‘next time I’m not leaving without the shoes.’ 
"Thank you, Panna" She replied, "It will be nice to spend a little time in civilization before we subject ourselves to the forests and the wild again. Mint will be happy to discuss any financial arrangements with you."
Alterra turned to the carriage where Mint was helping mother Zee to descend the steps. She used the opportunity to walk out of the puddle, but then noticed she had left a wet silhouette of her feet on the street. Worse, her floresence had begun to change the urine to a greenish luminescent imprint. ‘well, that’s new!’ she thought, looking at the now drying shadow of her feet ‘I wonder what these people will make of this introduction?’
"Mint, get your purse out!" she yelled in her most unqueenly voice.
"No, no your Majesty," insisted Panna, also now embarrassed at the entire puddle-of-piss debacle, "You are my guests, we cannot dream of such a thing." 
Panna knew that news of Alterra’s presence was already filtering through the countryside on the florescence telegraph. Within hours, his small town would be flush with cash, as the population descended on Mil to catch even a glimpse of Alterra. The taxation pickings would be rich from this day he was thinking.
"Settled then, Panna, you drive an easy bargain though, are you sure you are Elysitite?" 
She laughed and Panna laughed timidly. He could see she was onto him. He was rumbled, but he didn't care.
Saturday June 27th 2043. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 47%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 53%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 35%.

2 Demi, Spring, Mil
Elysian Year 3422.
1,627 miles NW of Solus.

Alterra awoke after what was one of the most comfortable nights in a long, long while. She had real bed sheets and a warm handwoven blanket and soft, downy pillows. She missed Cinty the dog but had agreed with mother Aleena that it was not a journey for a middle-aged dog to undertake. Mother Aleena had also wanted to travel instead of Mint and hand over the care of her family to the other two town leaders. The timing of Alterra becoming Kuriosa, just as the village shaman confirmed mother Aleena to be pregnant, prevented this. Alterra looked around and noticed that the bedroom looked a little like her own back home. She was homesick a little, she certainly missed Cinty and Aleena and she was sure they missed her.
She also slowly realised she had a bit of a headache. Large jugs of droon she had guzzled the night before were likely not the most effective way for a Kuriosa to introduce herself to her subjects. In hindsight, maybe droon is a bad idea for a Kuriosa generally. She searched her memory to make sure she had not embarrassed the monarchy. All she could remember that would be even slightly embarrassing was wobbling while climbing the stairs to bed. There was a knock at the door as she got out of bed.
"Who is it?" 
"It’s Mint, your majesty, Elysitite Nortic has asked me to request your presence in the living area. They would like to form a waving goodbye committee or something. I think he is considering making a few more shekels from our visit."
"Panna should have sent you hours ago Mint, it's the middle of the day!"  
She was looking at the sun’s location out the window.
"I felt perhaps you might like to recover a little after the festivities of last night, majesty, and left you sleeping, I apologize." 
Mint could be heard shuffling outside impatiently. 
"Alterra, it’s Derek! Get rid of Mint for a while there, will you?" 
Derek had this habit of just bursting into a conversation, unannounced, out of the blue. So long as she was alone, he thought he was lord and master.
"Mint, I'll be down in a little while, can you tell Panna please? Oh, and can someone get me some breakfast? I'm famished... oh, oh and could you go to the local apothecary and see if they have some Nanweed in stock, my head feels like a block of wood. What are they putting in their droon, Mint?"
"Yes, your majesty, Nanweed, Breakfast, and you'll be down presently" answered Mint and scurried off.
"Yes, Derek?" asked Alterra, taking her nightgown over her head, "What is it?"
"Okay, well first before we do anything, do you remember the way we told you that over 550 million people were watching you regularly all day on Earth a little while back? Well, good news, that's over 900 million right now. Isn't that fantastic news?" 
Derek was clearly being sarcastic, she looked around baffled. "That's nice, what of it?" 
"Oh, you remember that, Alterra? That's great, fantastic! Can you also remember, Alterra, how we discussed the fact that they can all see you, even if you are in your own bedroom?" 
"Yes, Derek, so what? Is this important?" she asked, urging him to get to the point.
"Well again, for about the 100th time, Alterra, you are standing in front of the bloody camera buck naked scratching your arse. Do you think you might find it in your heart to be a little more, well, conservative? This is supposed to be family viewing!"
Alterra rolled her eyes and replied just as angrily.
"Humans, I will never get used to that. It's not as if you can see inside me. Anyway, yeah sure I'll put some clothes on! But I have got to tell you, your C-Nomes when they arrive had better not be as stuck up and prudish about nakedness as you are, otherwise they will be entering the jungles of Saroola.  So, I have breasts, big deal, anyone would swear you had never seen them before. I mean seriously, you designed my breasts, you'd imagine you'd be used to them by now." She held one breast in each hand and wiggled them where she thought the camera might be. It was a good guess; the audience got an eye full.
"Alterra, in our years you are only 19 years old, still a teenager! Now I know Elysians have little in the way of a childhood like we do, but to us this is soft pornography, and it's... Oh, thank you for putting your nightgown back on... right..."
Derek was about to continue when she utterly ignored him, waving a finger slowly as if whatever he was about to say had no bearing on her whatsoever. She continued while tying up her long dark hair into a ponytail. "You know, one day very soon, Derek, I'll have my first, and I'm not considering whether it will be a man or a woman anymore. Fantastic news, Derek! Don't you think? Oh no, y'see, I'm more considering how many men and women it will be, okay? What are you going to do about that? Have us all wear buckskin over garments? " 
She paused for an answer and Derek started. She butted in again, talking right over him.
"I have no intention, Beirmann, of hiding beneath bed linen on my first. I will bang the fucking arse off them and I'll probably scream the roof off too! To be honest... well you and your human viewers will just need to get over it!"
Derek began to talk and again she waved her finger in the air. "Now, ah ah ahh! tut tut... mother Alterra is talking right now... no butting in! Now, maybe three months from now I'll be neffer. You realise what that is, Derek?"
Derek gulped a little; he knew what neffer was.
"You remember neffer, Derek, fantastic! Audrey or someone on Earth designed it, remember?" She waited but Derek was silent on the other end. "Well, Derek at that point, I will mount any random object that even looks like a cock. I'll rub any round surface that looks even slightly like another woman's mound. It's in my nature. I am after all Elysian!"
"Yes, Alterra, you are Elysian, I get it!"
"I'll turn from sweet, delicate, innocent Kuriosa Alterra, the purest of virgins, into a ravenous raven-haired whore, and I'll love it! How do you feel about that Derek?"
"Erm... okay thanks for that outburst, Alterra, very nice," replied Derek, glad he could finally get a word in sideways. "We'll have legal look into changing our classification at that point. Now, the reason I'm actually here is we have found a way, we think, to speed up your journey a little, and make it a little more comfortable too." 
"Fantastic, let's hear it, my arse is like a well smashed bag of apples from that carriage." 
Derek rolled his eyes and continued to explain the plan. "So about 120 miles west is the river Nula, it doesn't go all the way to Solus obviously, but it does go all the way to the port of Randine. Randine is on a direct road to Solus, a stone road, which makes it faster.  Randine is just 300 miles from Solus, Alterra. We think this will cut at least a month off the travel time." 
"Great, a boat trip, it'll sure put a sudden halt to all the little stops along the way, to collect assorted vegetation from the locals. If I have to eat another flumfruit I'll puke." 
"You'll have to make some excuse as to how you know this, but I'm sure folks in Mil will help get you there anyway. You are scratching your head, Alterra, is there something I'm missing?"
"No Derek, that's great. I'll get Mint onto it right away. Does this mean I can spend maybe another day here? I have a hangover, it's sore. And it can't be all that exciting for folks on Earth to view random small talk in a carriage 48 hours a day?"
"Oh, okay look, I can do something about that, it's not a big problem. Here, take two of these from our object bank."
He swiped a few pages on the tablet in front of him and selected a library marked Basic Pharmaceuticals. A small transparent vial, with white, round, stony capsules fell onto the bed. 
"These are called Aspirin, they will thin your blood, which will lower your blood pressure and relieve the headache. Well, that's how they work for us, but Elysians have two circulatory systems, so if they don't do the same for you then tell me right away."
"Wow, is there nothing humans have not invented? Nanweed in a capsule!" replied Alterra sarcastically. "I wonder what's wrong with Nanweed on Earth? Is it not round and shiny enough perhaps? Have you people also invented the blue wheel to replace the old brown ones we have here? Are they round and shiny Derek?"
Derek ignored Alterra’s attempt to goad him and simply answered the question of her staying put a day. "Yes, okay, another day in Mil, but one day, not a week like Karig, that was silly. You simply wasted a week having folks bow to you and suck up. Alterra, could I also ask you please, for God's sake, not to use colloquialisms you hear from our team or read online. This is not something that people are used to in Elysia. Teaching these to Mint and others is even worse. Eyebrows are being raised in management."
"Yeah bows, I liked bowing for a while, it was great. It's lost its appeal now though!" 
"Right, one day, okay? And no more human terms Elysians don't understand, and definitely no cursing, are we clear?"
"Yes and sure, I'll be lovely from now on; I'll be a delight, a real princess." Alterra curtsied in mockery. "... and you know what, Beirmann? You can tell Morris from me to tickle my slash! How does that sound? I'm sure he was on a boner the last time we talked!" 
She knew George Morris would not find that very funny. This is exactly why she was saying it. He had gone from bangable older man, to entertain herself with, to annoying dickhead in a little over a week. For one full week, she refused to talk to him and in one embarrassing hour pretended she couldn't even hear him.
Derek was exasperated. He would ring Kev Mason's neck if he thought he'd get away with it. That fool had introduced Alterra to cursing.
Tweets started to pile up. 
@NEPElysia 'You tell 'em girl #morristhepedo #ticklemyslash lol'
@NEPElysia 'She's got fucking fantastic tits. Princess Steph should get hers out #ticklemyslash  #royaltits'
@NEPElysia 'If Morris has a boner for her then he needs to get in line #ticklemyslash '
@NEPElysia 'Who decided that cursing was a good idea in the first place #ticklemyslash  #KevMason'
Derek seemed desperate to shut Alterra up. "We discussed the tendency for things you say to go viral, Alterra, yes?" He was trying to be polite but these days Alterra was becoming more and more forward in her thinking, she was now well above the average intellectual capacity of humans. Well, miles above his for sure.
"Yes, yes, we did, Derek. Are humans now discussing my slash? What are they saying, Derek? I'd say most of them have seen it at this point, it's not as if I lock it up! It's a pity it’s not round and shiny!" Alterra laughed, toying with Derek. She was interested to know if humans found her florescence attractive. Nakedness was just skin, and although Elysians wore clothing, it was for warmth, as an accessory, and to stop insects from biting them in places they didn't want to be bitten. Alterra had lots of clothing though, she was after all from a long line of tailors and weavers. Elysians viewed clothing as a sign of social status, and it was obviously utilitarian, but they really didn't give a hoot about nudity. 
Most paintings and statues in Elysia depicted royalty or popular figures completely naked. Alterra could walk through the streets of Mil naked and the population would simply find her more beautiful. As Kuriosa though, even in springtime in the north, she'd probably return to the Elysitite’s house cold with insect bites all over. Her light was a beacon in the spring for any insect worth its salt. She kept thinking maybe the humans could see her light. Could they see her as she really was? Could they feel her florescence somehow? If an insect can see it and feel it, then surely humans, as powerful as they are, can see it and feel it too? No? How can they be so powerful yet so blind? From Alterra’s perspective humans had turned up as an alien species with advanced technology, which they had created while being blind, deaf and often times stupid!
Derek worked out that the conversation had to stop now before they were taken off air. "Nothing, never mind, we'll talk later, Derek out."

Chapter Seven
Harlot!
Monday August 13th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 43%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 57%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 37%.

NEP Meeting Rooms,
NEP Headquarters,
Frankfurt, Germany.

Derek waited for the group to organise themselves.
"Right okay, we have a serious problem, one of our own making this time and it goes like this...." He ordered his communicator to attach to the screen behind him. An image of Alterra appeared along with Mint and Zee. They were standing alongside their carriage while one of the northern tribesmen talked to the Captain of the Klaffii and his wife about money. 
Derek proceeded to tell the assembled staff how Alterra was increasing in intellect. Maybe not as high as Audrey or the brainiacs on the third floor, but she was certainly a genius. To cap this, she was deliberately playing mind games with them. He had spent the month showing her details of Earth, and giving her information, just as George had requested. However, Derek felt this was something that would make her hard to handle. He gave her access to her own monitor in Elysia, she took to it like a fish to water. She could now look up things about Earth herself. Derek had hoped she would be supervised, but given the way she was adapting to this information and technology, that didn’t seem to be the case.
She had learned, read, or inferred so much from them, she now acted like any human. She still had a lower capacity to lie than humans, but considering her intelligence, it was obvious they had to do something about this!". 
Audrey raised her hand. "Is this because '#TickleMySlash' is now viral of the week, Derek?" she asked politely, with a smile on her face.
"Well, yes and no, George has obviously been embarrassed and whatnot, and that was the last straw, so to speak. But as you know, Audrey, George is right. Anyway, it's more than that." He called up a graph on the screen showing Alterra’s cognitive increases over the past month. Below that line, another one showed her sexual desire over the same month. Below that again, a line showed her implied absorption of human culture. A fourth line showed her temperament, including her foul mouth. There was an uneasy feeling in the room. The lines matched.
"As Audrey has already informed you all this morning, Alterra’s neffer is coming, which is the Elysian female equivalent of menopause and puberty, combined and on steroids." Derek pulled up the timeline estimate to Alterra’s approaching puberty.
Audrey stepped up, took over, and pointed to the increasing line on the graph. "Alterra wasn't wrong when she pointed this out last week. There are signs that the process of us choosing her as Kuriosa has speeded that up a little."
"Can't we just give her some sort of hormone replacement or something?" asked Kevin.
"Kevin, we have a hard enough time doing that successfully with humans here on Earth, and we understand our biology. I wouldn't know where to start designing drugs for Elysians. I think that within a month she will be absolutely animalistic in her approach to sex. We won't be able to air the footage, or control her desires. She won't be thinking straight either." 
"Okay, so we just move the camera around to other stuff, she can't be at it all day surely?" 
"Well Kevin, she is the star of the show at the moment and she will not yet have reached Solus! She will be a young woman with the contagious sexual appetite of a vixen in heat, roaming the Elysian countryside in a group with over 30 men and women" explained Audrey, while Derek shook his head and rubbed his eyes. "Remember, Elysians are fond of sex. To them it's some sort of evening in, watching a movie. Every Elysian with her will become a sex toy. She has no control of neffer, it's a natural process for Elysians. Her sexual instincts will go into overdrive. We also didn't design it. It's one of the evolved traits of the Elysium. That also means I can't stop it from starting. I can sort of lower it, maybe! Derek?" 
Audrey finished up, handing the tablet back to Derek who sighed. George had told Derek that whatever else happened, they could not air footage of Elysians engaging in porn. They would need to ensure she did what they said.
"Right, so I need some sort of solution because this neffer is beginning to show guys. We make a lot of money from the footage of Elysia. We also get most new accounts from the netcasts. We will earn 5 billion this year in advertising and network sales alone. A week's loss of that is almost 100 million dollars."
Derek looked around the room but there was no input. He continued anyway, picking up a paper bag. "Now, on the topic of merchandising, yesterday I walked past a store on my way into work and bought this tasty little number." He reached into the bag and removed a T-Shirt. It was a woman's T-shirt with the words 'Tickle My Slash' across the chest, and an arrow pointing downward.
Audrey nearly peed herself laughing. "Can I have that, Derek?" she asked politely, barely containing her amusement.
 "Erm... no Audrey, you can't.  So again ideas please, how do we keep her safe and in the box, and on air,  her rancid tongue in her head, plus her untickled slash in her panties, as if she ever wore panties! And all without losing money?"
Kevin's hand again went up.
"Kevin, great, what is it?"
"Can't we just cover the goings on in Solus and other exciting places while she's erm... busy? So to speak? We can't stop her, and it's just the way they are. We probably shouldn't, even if we could." 
Audrey butted in. She told them that Alterra was unique in this respect. They had chosen a 7 year old Elysian to be Kuriosa. The last 7 year old to become Kuriosa had occurred 27 generations previously. When the Kuriosa started neffer, she would start to transfer it to all around her, and it would go viral across the entire planet within a day. So every Elysian would be as horny as hell. Unlike humans, you didn't need to do too much to persuade an Elysian to remove their clothing or get it on!
Derek looked at the netcast controller. Phil 'Macker' McLaughlin, the netcast controller had joined the meeting.
Macker began "Well, Audrey just about spelled it out. I have this horrible image of the netcast showing some random scene in Solus, and a crowd of Elysians having an orgy in the street!  Kevin, you were also the one that thought it was great to explain expletives to her after the 'Mudda Fucka' incident. So its cussing or fucking, take yer pick!" 
The group laughed, but Derek was not impressed and coughed. They shut up. He looked around again. "So have we any more interesting ways to shut her up?" he asked. He looked at Kevin, who had now decided he was being picked on, and skulked back behind his screen. "It's all related, Kev, but from management’s position, it's also money and at the moment that's airtime."
He explained that he knew Kevin meant well, but that explananing  human expletives to Alterra had cut into Mac's netcast time something rotten. After Kev told her about cuss words, Alterra had spent a night in Elysia memorising every cuss word she could! She had to start using reasonable language. 
"How about we order her directly, Derek? She's Elysian, they do what we say!" suggested Amir, another member of the broadcasting team. 
"No, No Amir, if only it were so simple." replied Derek "Unfortunately, as it turns out, this is a failsafe in the system.  They don't do what we say; they do what dead humans say. You would need to be dead and I take it you are not volunteering for that? We have to do all sorts of crazy shit just to get her to put her clothes on."
Janet Torvill from the advertising department who had joined the meeting, mostly to avoid work, raised a finger cautiously.
"Yes, Janet, welcome to the party, what is it?" asked Derek.
"Okay, so if Alterra will do what a dead human says, let's give her a dead human!"
"We haven't built the integration system fully yet, Janet, nice try" he replied curtly, looking around for other suggestions.
"No, no we haven't Derek, but how does that stop us from scanning your brain or mine and sending one of us, alive, into Elysia? Will she accept a human command then?" She stopped talking and looked puzzled, as if she had made an error by not understanding the relationship of the code to the actual Elysians. Did humans have to be dead to experience Elysia? Janet knew as much about how the system worked as any netcast viewer did—pretty much nothing.
Derek spoke before he thought. "Well the problem with that is erm.... well it’s, well actually, it's genius, Janet... Now how would we do that?"
Janet looked back at the monitor.  "I don't know Derek. You asked for an idea, not a floor plan." she replied, looking around at the others. Her job was done now, contribution over.
Derek spun around. "Well let's ask Audrey. Whatcha think, Audrey?  Will it work?" he asked excitedly.
"It might work, for some time at least, Derek. A live human brain model that was scanned, but controlled from a real human brain, connected to Elysia? We would need some sort of controller between the two, which is pretty simple tech, I could build that myself in a week or two I think, but would the whole thing work? Maybe..."  replied Audrey.
Derek's eyes lit up. "Great, great, let's do it so!"
Audrey put her hand up as a sort of stop sign. "Well hold on now, it'll work great for a little time, maybe, but eventually the live human mind will start to diverge too much from its scanned counterpart and the system won't accept that."
"Okay, but the point is? This is probably workable. Yes? No?"
Audrey thought for a minute. "Well, there's nothing I know of that would stop it from working. But Professor Sang would know for a fact."
"Get Sang on the phone there, Audrey, let's see what he thinks." he replied, walking off to get a strong coffee.
Wednesday, September 9th 2043. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 43%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 57%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 37%.

12 Elarni Mid Spring,
River Nula, 827 miles W of Solus. 
Elysian Year 3,422.
Onboard barge transporter 'Klaffii' heading towards the port of Randine
Alterra couldn't resist it anymore and massaging the areas concerned had worn off. If anything, this had compounded the problem.  Matriarch Aleena had once told children in classes that massaging oneself could lead to self-impregnation, if one got carried away.  Even then, it gave no florescence enjoyment and was doing almost nothing to solve the problem.
Audrey had tried to keep it concealed, but she could do only so much. Eventually, like a desperate tobacco addict, Alterra finally gave in and worked out a way of getting past her mother to what she wanted, the very first unrelated man or woman she saw.
Alterra had confided in Derek two days earlier that it had begun, and sobbed telling him how hard it was, and that she was sorry. He told her to hold out as long as she could, that they were close to getting a human into Elysia to help her. She told him she was desperate to mate with someone, but would try harder to hold out. 
Audrey did all she could to lower the effects and to give Alterra more time, and as much comfort as she could. As the hours progressed, it became obvious that Alterra was going to explode. Every single bio-reading from Alterra had gone into the orange and three were red. Audrey's actions were slowing down their increase, but not by a lot. All other Elysians, including Mint, were kept away from her to avoid temptation. On her orders, Mint posted himself as sentry at her cabin door. He had locked it from the outside using some strong twine and pieces of wood. Even so, Alterra’s now burgeoning sexual appetite had begun to spread through the population. The crew and denizens of the barge were no exception. Many of them almost randomly engaged in sexual activity.
On the netcast, the weaving class held by Zee inside the royal cabin was the story of the day. Just outside and up the barge a little, things were getting a little friskier. Only Mother Zee was inside with her, as her biological mother was not a threat. All Alterra really had to do was tell Mint to open the door. Even this was not clear to her, so desperate was she to obey her biological urges. She had become a ravenous sex zombie. Worse, as the star of the show, the camera was autotuned to anything she did that was 'worthy' of broadcasting. The computer system seemed to be making its own mind up about this too. However, they could switch it off if she went off the  rails.
The brain-scanning machine back on Earth used to present her with a real human, which she would obey, was only just being tested when she started neffer. Too late in the day to step into her cabin and call a halt to the events about to unfold. Derek got a text it read, 
"Derek, she's started, we stopped the live feed, she's gone crazy, she's now nested in her cabin with a long line of folks all lining up outside. I think she's doing them three at a time, it's hard to get a good camera angle, please advise."
Derek at the time was in Manchester, England and turned to Sang. "Now, we have to do this now, Sang!" 
Back on the barge, Alterra looked around for a way to relieve herself. First, she sat there uneasy, helping her mother Zee to weave a pillowcase and trying self-relief with her hand. As she weaved, a flower emblem on the pillowcase began to look surprisingly uncomfortable. The flower emerged from the pattern with a long fat stem, a large bulbous red top, with two petals below.
 'Ohh Solaria no, not while I'm weaving! I'm weaving a putan into my pillowcase?' She thought.
She told Zee that she needed to use the bathroom. Zee nodded and Alterra left for the small room adjoining her bedchamber, which had a hole of sorts leading into the river. While there, she noticed the window was open a little, so she crawled out the bathroom window, around the side of the barge, coming up on Mint from behind. He didn't stand a chance.
"Hello Mint!" she exclaimed. Mint was the first, she literally pushed him into her room. "OUT Mother! Get out! He's mine... I want him!" She insisted.
Zee dutifully obliged. Her mother could not understand why she had tried to stop neffer anyway. Neffer was perfectly natural. Every young lady enjoyed neffer at least once. If anything, she was happy for her daughter. She smiled and she ran off to tell everyone her daughter was a woman. As Zee whispered 'she's started' to all that would listen, they began to change florescence. Some of the entourage inched towards her cabin, knowing they stood a very good chance of mating with the Kuriosa.
Mint knew what was going on, but he couldn't resist. No Elysian could resist the Kuriosa. Trying it would be like trying to keep your hand over a burning candle. It might work for a second or two, but eventually instinct would prevail. It was a bit of a shock, because Alterra had comported herself very well until then. Mint knew that although he wasn't aware of the reasons she wanted to defer neffer, that there had to be a very good reason. She was after all the Monarch, and Mother knows best.
Her eyes blazed green. "Your Kuriosa wants you, you are my first, we agreed that, yes? That you'd be the first? Well, guess what Minty boy? It's time to give me my first taste, eh? And you are lucky customer number one. Now let's see what we are working with here."  She said, grabbing Mint’s pants by the loopholes of his belt straps and pulling them down to his knees.
"Majesty, I, we... " he said, but she just put her finger to her lips to get him to remain silent. Mint was flabbergasted. Yes, sex was enjoyable and all, great fun, but this was near dangerous. It was clear from the Kuriosa’s eyes that she was out of control. He had never seen such a hungry look on any woman's face in his life before. He noticed himself falling into a sexual florescence, he felt it in his arms and his legs moving toward his putan.
"This is not a request, Mint, I'm ready, give me what I need. You know I've wanted you a while now. Here, let me help you."  She lifted her dress, pushed his head down, and forced herself into his face.  "Stay down there while I get this stupid dress off.  No, no, Mint, don't stare at it, give it a good going over! Get to it now ... c'mon!" Alterra lifted the dress over her head while Mint diligently obeyed her command.  She removed her top, and kicked her moccasins into the corner. Naked, pulling him by the hair back up to her level, she reached past his tunic and wrapped her fingers around his manhood, holding it firmly.  "We'll need you a little harder than that Mint. I want you to break me, and that little thing is not going to satisfy anything I have in mind." She held him in her hand using her florescence as a means of ensuring she got what she wanted. "Do you like that Mint? I do, but I want you." She turned to the other bemused and excited Elysians now gathering to see what all the commotion was about.
"ALL OF YOU, I WANT ALL OF YOU!"
They were intrigued, but with no knowledge of how a Kuriosa behaved, this seemed normal. However, whatever way a Kuriosa behaves, over time her subjects do the same. They were frozen in their place, some sniggered, peeking around the doors and corners, whispering and giggling. One tribesman started to take his clothes off, he dropped his pants and moved closer to the door, if there was going to be a rush, he would make sure he was first in line. Others looked at her wantonly hoping they would be invited. 
As Mint collapsed further into some form of dream state she addressed the other subjects on the barge. "Oh, don't worry, boys and girls, by the time we get to Solus I'll have had all of you!" 
She was toying and playing with Mint who stood there with his pants to his ankles now. "Now, Mint, let's have you... " She said. 
From the corner of Alterra’s eye, she saw a beautiful blue-eyed northern tribeswoman with long blonde hair, long legs, large breasts and a very shapely figure scuttling from one cabin to another, to get a better look at her Kuriosa being penetrated for the first time. Alterra smiled at her. "...and you... tribeswoman Shaelia, is that who you are? Yes, you're the one, I've had my eye on you, and you're a real cutie." Alterra beckoned her with her finger, the girl came closer, mesmerized, her heart beating furiously. "So you want to see this do you? Fine, get yourself into this room and disrobe, I'm having you too. The rest of you can wait a little."
Shaelia sniggered delightfully and clapped her hand. She ran into Alterra’s room, pulling her limited clothing off as she went. Giggling and jumping onto the large bed, she patted the spot where Alterra should push poor Mint. Mint was now almost unconscious with pleasure.
"Right Minty boy. Let's do it!" Alterra’s florescence increased with the command 'Do it!" Mint acquiesced, becoming more erect immediately. She pushed him onto the bed beside the blonde tribeswoman, and climbed along his legs to his waist, straddling him.
Now, Elysians look human, but they most certainly are not.  Genetically speaking, humans have more in common with grapefruit than they do with Elysians. Elysians don't even have DNA, their cell replication process is completely different. 
 Their world, as they evolved, gave them many different traits. Their florescence for example is a trait, one that gives them a sense which is alien to humans. Evolution gave them not one, but two, circulatory systems. It gave them an inbuilt aversion to lying or cheating. They certainly looked like humans, humans that were perhaps a little on the short side, but the differences were far more than meets the eye. Yes, Elysians can’t lie, except the matriarch, or at least they just can’t do it without consequences, such as a mind-numbing pain that rolls around them. Flinching in pain usually gives the game away too, even to us humans, which means it’s usually incredibly easy for us to tell if an Elysian is lying. But worse, this pain transfers to other Elysians, who are not happy campers with a lying degenerate. In minor cases, this is a little like the uncomfortable feeling of when you have to fart in an elevator. They are all going to know, right? But in major cases, an Elysian lying can result in death. So lying is also a cultural taboo, a fairly strict one! 
Elysians, like humans, also liked to relax during sex. To them it was the entertainment system of choice and they didn't see it as intimate in the same way we do. It was not a 'when mammy and daddy love each other very much' thing, more of a 'when folks are bored and want to get it on' sort of thing. During the sexual revolution of the 1960s, humans might have said they were 'free loving', but compared to the Elysians, even John and Yoko were like repressed Catholics after a boring sermon on fidelity.
Unlike humans, Elysians had a conscious choice as to when they fell pregnant, and for whom, they also had the ability to impregnate themselves, although again, there is a cultural taboo on this. Sexually transmitted diseases were unheard of, in fact there were almost no viruses on Elysia. Bacteria had evolved to avoid other living things. So sex to an Elysian was entertainment much more than we humans consider it.  The lack of infection and cross contamination of material, from one species to another, also drove evolution on Elysia to operate slower when compared to Earth.
One couple, or at most a group of three Elysians, partook of this entertainment at a time. Generally, in the Elysian species, the colour for sexual desire was a light red or pink. Although a full marriage compliment of four men and four women sometimes engaged in a group love session this was extremely rare. The Montag and Bytag Bines would be the only time this was engaged in. In their florescence, one couple would give off a dim but respectable pinkish-red light as they engaged in intercourse. You could say it's a little like a couple watching TV. They don't turn it up so loud their neighbours bang on the wall. Moreover, Elysians feel pleasure sexually many times more intensely than humans. Sex usually, but not always culminated in both parties experiencing 'light joining'. This was probably analogous to the human female orgasm, multiplied by 10, and lasting ten minutes. Not just in their abdomen and sexual organs but literally through every nerve in their body. They also felt their partners climax, although not so intensely.
Alterra was sex starved beyond anything humans could even imagine. The room filled with the brightest pink and green. She was so bright that her light pierced every hole and gap in her cabin. From the banks of the river, locals could see the light of extreme sexual repression burst out of the barge and cloak the land in broad daylight. They could also hear the giggles of the denizens of the good ship lollipop as it meandered slowly along the river, at its centre their Kuriosa wailing with delight. She was wild, wide-eyed with desire, out of control.  Even those on the riverbank felt it. If they felt it that strongly a hundred yards distant, then Alterra was right at the centre at ground zero. She was blinded by lust and in a state of growing florescent orgasm. She had been in this state since Mint had first put his lips onto her, and it was getting stronger. 
"Oh yes, majesty" responded Mint as she pounced on him and descended slowly down.
"That's it, good boy... now, Mint, come on. Slowly first, okay you can pick it up now, c'mon."
Mint was laying on the bed, his eyes fixated on Alterra’s.
The video feed was still running with all in sundry viewing online before the team in charge of the live netcast could switch off the feed. Even then, it took some time to halt the feed as, for obvious security reasons, it had to be carried out by two controllers. Unfortunately, one of those controllers was chatting up one of his colleagues in the coffee room.
"Mac, Mac.... Macker for fuck’s sake, get your arse in here, she's gone nuclear," shouted Paulie. Paulie was desperate to get the X-rated goingson off the air before he found himself sending his resume to anyone that would listen. 
Mac couldn't hear a thing. He was right at the end of the hall and was trying a bit of florescence of his own in the small canteen with Sarah from graphics. "So, yeah, bit of luck and Derek is putting me on the shortlist for building. That'd be interesting, a lot more responsibility obviously, Sarah. Very different job too, but y'know, that's what we are all trained for, right? Hey, we'd get to work a little closer?" 
Sarah smiled. "Yeah closer."
Mac was hoping she'd get the message and maybe he might even cop a feel right now. "Maybe you could like, fill me in on what you do, cos I'd love to fill you in, Sarah!" He was clearly trying every trick he could to share an autocab home with her and black out the windows.
 "Yeah I think I'd like that. Building in Elysia will be a lot of hard work, Mac, hard, very hard. We have rather a lot of large projects coming up. It'll be a world with many prominent erections. You'll need a lot of practice in putting them up properly Mac! Are you up to that Mac? Do you think you have what it takes to build a big one, so that it stays up?" She giggled and sipped on a coke.
"What time is your shift over, Sarah?" 
"I dunno really? What time would you like it to be over, Mac?" replied Sarah, batting her eyelids.
Mac was onto a winner. 'We have a live one here' he thought 'play my cards right and I'll have this one in the sack tonight... oh please don't screw this up you moron, it's been ages'.
In the background, Mac heard a commotion, as he lifted his cup to his lips. On the video monitor to his left, he saw the face of Alterra, now in full swing, writhing and grinding like a porn star. Mint was almost unconscious with pleasure beneath her. A blonde Amazonian-looking woman was kissing her gently on the lips. 
"Oh fuck, fuck it, shit..."  
Sarah's eyes widened. "Is she doing what I think she's doing?" 
Mac dropped his coffee in the sink and turned toward the noises up the hallway, and now above the din he heard Paulie. He ran through the hall as fast as he could, hitting a chair on the way, and tumbled over. Still running on the ground, he pulled himself up as he reached his station and desperately typed in his password. 
"On Three, Two, One... and Off."
The test card popped up on the screen, but by the time he'd gotten to the control room and made a total idiot of himself,  'Alterra does Everyone' had been in full swing for nearly three minutes. The control room staff had been enjoying a coffee break, giggling as they saw her make her escape, sneaking out of the cabin.
Tweets had begun to increase along with viewing figures. Viewings had risen from a lull of maybe twenty million viewers to hundreds of millions. Elderly ladies, the aficionados of Elysian weaving products sold on the shopping channel, were gobsmacked at this new twist in Elysian weaving methods. As word spread of how Alterra had escaped from the room and was on the hunt, every viewer from Tokyo to Timbuktu logged into their account to catch a glimpse.
@NEPElysia 'ooops looks like she's out of the room and on the hunt #tickleherslash'
@NEPElysia ' She'll probably screw the lot of them #shesinthewild'
The sheer speed and ferociousness of Alterra’s animal instincts had caught the entire team and all the viewers by surprise. NEP broadcasting had tried to line up an advert, knowing it might get dirty. While they scheduled the feed, she beat them to the punch. The feed had gone from family viewing at best, maybe over 13s, as Alterra sat weaving a pillow case, to full on XXX hardcore porn, in thirty seconds flat! The video feed was cut at three minutes, 32 seconds into the nudity with a test card, followed by an ad for the new ZNPONE III communicator, and followed, utterly ironically, by an ad for condoms. It hadn't returned since, that was five hours ago. Instead, the audience were treated to an old Star Wars movie from the 20s.
@NEPElysia ' And now with a change to our scheduled netcast? Are you shitting me? #slashistickledgood'
@NEPElysia hahaha condom ad after fuck up with @NEPElysia netcast, you couldn't make this shit up! #fullfail'
Alterra had not stopped, she was wild. There was now a small line of townsfolk, assorted tribes people, the captain and his wife, and others all lined up outside her cabin, naked. She was packing them in, screwing them crazily, and afterward telling the ones she liked to go to the back of the line. She had turned the royal barge on its way to Randine into a wild ongoing orgy with her at the centre. She had even given orders to slow the barge and raid the local villages for more willing sex partners. 
And so it went on, with the staff in the control room, mouths open, wondering what part of their contract covered monitoring a porn movie.
Neffer could go on for a week, and most Elysians would have the ability to understand it was neffer and resist the florescence of the female concerned. The higher up the pecking order the woman was, then the harder it was to resist. However very few women would be matriarch or in a high social status before neffer took hold. 
Even then, it would be somewhat hard to resist a young matriarch and harder to resist a young Elysitite. Usually family and siblings would ensure that the neffer was not harmful or too exhausting for their daughter or sister. But nobody could refuse the command and beauty of a Kuriosa. She was the only Elysian who could not be resisted by anyone. They would obey her totally, even if that meant exhausting her to the point of death.
In some rare cases, a month of neffer could occur, but it was never as severe as this. It might come and go in bouts that lasted an hour or so. With a Kuriosa, it could conceivably be more than a month, but on and off. There would be good days, and some bad days. In this case and at this rate, Alterra would be on her back for life. It would be a short life too if something were not done to halt her instincts. She seemed to be locked in a loop where nothing would satisfy her. She would die of exhaustion if she could not regain control.
By now, she had been going at it for eight hours and was lying face down on the cabin bed while two women were gently stroking and fondling her. 
"Mmmm, that's nice ladies, keep doing that, I'm going to have a little snooze now." She drifted off to sleep.
"Thank fuck for that!" said Mac, "She's nodded off, they'll all come back to the real world now."
But that didn't happen, even in her sleep, Alterra continued to command those around her.
Wednesday, September 9th 2043. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 43%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 57%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 37%.

Manchester University Department of Computer Sciences.
New Elysia Brain Scanning Apparatus Room #12. 
Manchester, England.

Five minutes before Alterra loses control.

"Okay, we're ready, an hour you say, she keeps totally still for an hour...for the scan, and then she gets what? Maybe as high as three days, yes?" asked Derek while Jin-ho Sang worked at getting the scanner ready.
Sang folded his arms, the way scientists often do when they have to give you precise information, and then remove that information using caveats. "She gets maybe four, we don't know basically. It'll start to fall out of sync the second it is in sync, so we think that's about four days. "
"Great!"
"But Derek, we're about to find out, yes? I mean you want me to give you results that I have not yet collected. This is the actual test, the first time. It's either heads or tails, Derek?"
Sang went back to calibrating his machine. Then he turned to Marianne, stretched out on the bed and strapped down. She had only a surgical gown on for modesty, staring patiently at the ceiling. 
"Marianne, are you okay in there?" asked Derek as Sang moved around to where she was and gently pushed him back.
"Sorry, Derek, you are just in the way here, you are not helping." exclaimed Sang. 
Derek moved back a little further to keep the professor happy. Sang looked into Marianne's eyes and asked her if she had had a bowel movement and a pee. She told him since it was in the briefing she had.  
Alterra had entered neffer two days earlier and the only thing between her and total loss of control was Audrey. Audrey had stayed at her station for 22 hours solid, desperately throwing the kitchen sink at keeping it all under wraps. So they had hurried Marianne from California to the UK as fast as possible. 
Marianne O'Neill, a 50-year-old semi-retired security operative, had volunteered after hitting the short list for her skill set. She had worked as a field agent with American Homeland Security and later the CIA. London’s US and EU embassies were also happy to agree that she should undertake the mission, as they too were interested in the project. It was more than likely she was a security risk to the NEP program, but she was also the best option from a bucket of crap options.  In the control room, a bunch of stern looking, black-suited American, EU and British spooks looked on.
Marianne was good at almost everything she put her hand to and could think on her feet like the best of the best. This is exactly what she was. She was a bright cookie, and excellent at keeping herself unknown. Where she was going 'unknown' was a hard task given she was an entirely different species. She was also bisexual, and advantage for getting into Alterras' bed. She would also be irresistibly attractive in Elysia even if she might not be on Earth.
"I had a nice breakfast," announced Marianne "... bacon and eggs... yummy, I'm guessing I won't be seeing much of that for the next few days. I don't need to do anything, I'm ready." Marianne closed both fists and released them again.
 Jin-Ho came closer with a syringe in hand. "Okay Marianne, I just want to tell you again what's about to happen. We are putting these nanostructures into your brain stem; they will deactivate your body much the same way you do yourself when you are asleep, okay?"
Marianne tried to nod as best she could, which was not at all. Her head was strapped securely down.
"We'll be monitoring everything else, this machine will then take over your body's automotive systems like your heart and lungs and breathing. The software interfaces with your hearing, sight and all of that. You might think you are running, walking or whatever, but that's not the case. You will be motionless on this table the entire time, for the next day or so, maybe four. We'll be attaching a few other machines to you when you've nodded off to collect waste and the like."
He placed the syringe into the robotic arm, it whirred to the base of her neck, inserting itself precisely, waiting to release its cargo. Jin-Ho leaned on the side of the bed and explained what she could expect. "Now, from your perspective Marianne, the second these things go into your brain you will appear in Elysia. You will fall out of sync slowly. Eventually the system will warn us you are falling below the threshold where you can control your Elysian counterpart. At that point, you have maybe an hour, but it could be as low as 20 minutes to excuse yourself and go die somewhere. Dying might or might not be painful, we really have no idea to be honest. We never intended to have humans die in Elysia."
"Okay I'll erm die?" asked Marianne, concerned.
Jin-Ho laughed.
"It's your Elysian counterpart that's going to die obviously, not you. After you die in Elysia, and we are positive you are dead there, you will find yourself back here, controlling your own brain. We will then remove the nanobots and you can walk about again. "
Jin-Ho turned to the control panel and pressed a few controls feverously. "Okay Marianne, just so you aren't shocked or anything when you arrive, everything in Elysia will obey the same laws of physics we have here on Earth. Everything that is, except you! You cannot be hurt or damaged in any way. Even if you are run over by a carriage, you can't die. You'll be literally bombproof, but don't get hit by a rock, it will still hurt. Are you ready? Just relax."
"That's why I'm here," 
Derek got a text. He took his communicator out and peeked while Sang looked at him, annoyed at his use of phone technology. "Ohh crap!" he exclaimed. He turned to Jin-Ho. "Now, we have to do this now, Sang!"
They looked at the monitor, Alterra was lying on her back with a large burly tribesman pummelling her, while a young blonde woman was kissing and stroking her breasts. Two other tribesmen were moving toward Alterra as one exhausted-looking girl was sliding off the bed.
"We're not broadcasting it thankfully, but it's still happening, so we're now losing money! It's begun to spread through the line."
Derek nodded to the control room and turned to Marianne. "Marianne you're going in now! We have no more time, okay? Find her, stop this. You'll appear about half a mile in front of the barge. Get to it, infiltrate, and stop her. We'll drop the supplies into the water in front of you."
"Gotcha, Derek, I have this, okay relax, this is what I do!" She braced for what she was told would be an utter rush.
Two of the spooks were staring at the monitor wide eyed. One rapped on the glass and motioned to hurry things up. Sang pressed the scan button once. The syringe pushed the nanobots into Marianne's brain stem. She flinched a little but said nothing. Then, feeling nothing much, except a little numbing on her cheeks, she decided she would give them an update.
"Derek, I'm feeling a little nummmbbb my voish ish ...!"
Marianne stopped talking, her eyes wide open. Sang opened her eye further and flashed a light into one to see if her pupils responded. Then he popped a few drops of lubrication over them and pressed the scan button again. Marianne, now motionless, was pulled into the machine and the scan began.
Jin-Ho winked at Derek. "She's out Derek, on her way... Y'know, this thing is so high in resolution that she'll probably complete that sentence in Elysia, that'll be hilarious." 
Two of the spooks were now rapping on the scan room window, shouting through the gap in the door. "Hey you science guy, hurry up in there. Is this thing live? Stop the netcast! Get her into the computer... c'mon, open the door!” They started kicking the large metal door.
"Hilarious ehh? “ asked Derek ” You think these guys will like 'hilarious,' Sang?" Derek nodded to the control room to open the door, taking out his phone to make a call.
Sang reached over and took it out of his hand. "Sorry, Derek, no microwave radiation in here, you'll need to do that outside. Tell your government buddies the same, no earpieces, no phones, no communicators.... and rather than stand about making the place look untidy, you might ask them to stop anyone coming anywhere near this room. I'd say just standing in the corridor looking official will do the trick."
A team of science types, wheeling a gurney with assorted rubber hoses came rushing in past the exasperated spooks and began plugging up every hole Marianne had been born with.
"Okay, thanks Jin-ho," said Derek, grimacing at the goings on beside him. "I think this is my cue to get to the chopper. I have to get back to the team in that hour. And this..." he pointed to the goings on with rubber hoses "Well it’s more than I can handle, to be honest!"
Chapter Eight
Welcome to Elysia Population One!
Wednesday, September 9th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 51%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 49%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 37%.

12 Elarni Spring, River Nula,
Elysian Year 3422.
822 miles W of Solus.

"...voice is slurred? Derek?" asked Marianne as she plunged feet first into the river. 
A brief memory of some sort of cut out, or stutter in her brain came back, she was under water. She made it to the surface. She looked around to get her bearings and settled for the right bank. A second later, a large plastic capsule fell on her... WOP! 
"Ouch! What the fuck?" she shouted, seeing the bright orange capsule floating in the stream beside her, bobbing up and down. "Seriously, Derek? I mean like seriously, now you get the aim perfect?" She grabbed the rope attached to the capsule and dragged it to the bank. "Three years of targeting going off beam he tells me, and that it will give off a blue light, and it might land hundreds of yards away. Then he hits me on the fucking head with it? I hope they didn't see that." Marianne muttered, splashing about while dragging the capsule.
She opened the orange capsule. Inside were a few rather important pieces of kit, first was the cloaker, a bracelet that produced a florescence. It was just a visual representation, she couldn't feel it the same way Elysians could.  Its job was to match a group of Elysians around her as closely as possible. They couldn't feel her, but they could see it. It would look at first glance like a real florescence, especially from a distance. However, if they stopped to examine her florescence for any period of time, they would see right through it. She would look to them like a visually impaired or blind person with eyes drawn on their eyelids. The more Elysians surrounded her, the more hidden she was.
Also she had been sent binoculars, an earpiece, a microphone, a lighter, compass, communicator, extra clothing, money purse and even food, just in case she ended up off target in exactly the same way the capsule was not off target! She stuffed the earpiece into her ear and swallowed the microphone in one gulp. Next put on the bracelet. Her skin started to glow.  ‘This looks like Elysian nearby’ she thought. She looked about for a firearm, it was odd for an insertion to include no weapons whatsoever. This had to be a first.
"Cuckoo to Zeus. Over!"
"Zeus, Marianne it’s Derek, you are in, yes?"
"It's an imaginary microphone, Derek, of course I'm in." Marianne rolled her eyes. "Right, did the barge pass me?"
"No, it's still upstream, sending you coordinates now. You were off by about a mile, sorry about that."
"Great, Derek, you sent me and the capsule to EXACTLY the same wrong coordinates, how is that even possible? What are the odds? Then you hit me on the head with the capsule, very lucky I'm not on camera.  I'd never live that down in Langley.  How can you send a vial of pills to her so accurately they practically land in her hand, and then send a 3-kilo capsule and a full person and be off by a mile? You need to improve your aim pal, I'm kitting up, Cuckoo out."
In the background Solaria laughed. "That was funny, George, pity I can't drop something else on her."
Marianne removed the rest of the kit, closed the box and pressed the dispose button. The capsule vanished. She heard voices in the bushes to her left. "Well, no time like the present, I suppose. Time to try out my magical Elysian convincing powers. This is Cuckoo to Zeus, contacts on my left, interfacing now," she said, hoping they could still hear her. She walked right out of the bushes straight into a small group of seven Elysians, two women and five men. They looked at her and smiled, her fake florescence changed to match theirs. "Hello" she said.
"Hello, young lady," said a middle-aged man, extending his arm in the common southern greeting.
"Can I ask you folks to go take a running jump into the river there?" She pointed to the riverbank.
Immediately the Elysians ran to the river and jumped headlong into the water. "Come in young lady the water is great!"
"Well that worked! That's test one over with. Right, test two!"
Derek broke into the fun Marianne was about to have with the locals. "We have you on cam now, Marianne. Alterra’s barge is about to come around the bend of the river to your north, can you see that?"
"Got it!"
"Why are there Elysians in the river, Marianne?"
"Ohh that was test one, they don't know why they are in there. Here's test two." Marianne beckoned to the group of Elysians, who had now started to play silly games in the water. "Hey you, you older guy... yeah you...  that's right... could you punch that younger guy in the face for me, real hard now... break his jaw." The older man looked at her in horror, the group looked a little pale. One woman vomited into the river. "Test two worked out there. They really wouldn't be any good in my line of work, would they?"
"No, Marianne, I think their potential for training in firearms would be pretty low. Elysians have never even been to war, they don't understand the concept."
"Okay, test three coming up." Marianne turned back to the group of wet Elysians. "Just kidding folks, sorry I'm from the north; someone told me southerners are a lot greener than us nincompoops!"
The group laughed. 
"So I have a few shekels here and I'd like you guys to do something for me?"
"Erm, yes we'd be interested" said the older man. "My name is Teeni Sarnil I'm on my way to the barge up yonder, her majesty is neffer, isn't it fabulous? Solaria is good to us all today. The monarch is a woman now."
"Yeah yeah, that's just super. As luck would have it, that barge is where I'm headed, so I need you guys to accompany me, say five shekels a piece?"
"She really does think on her feet, doesn't she?"  Pointed out Derek.
Henry Sterling, assigned to Derek's station, was leader of the government security team. He nodded in agreement.  "One of the best we have, Derek! If it can be used, then Marianne will find a way to use it."
Derek spun the camera about to see the surrounding area and make sure no surprises would unfold. "She also doesn't take any bullshit either, but then again, these guys will do anything she wants. Look at them; they are like kids in the water."
"Let's hope Alterra has the same outlook, ehh?" replied Sterling.
Marianne was confused. "Derek, how come they don't realise they are being commanded? Okay, they do as I say and I get that. But how come they don’t work out that it was only because I told them to do something that they did it? Like, immediately afterward? I mean they are waist deep in muddy water right now. One guy is just standing in the water like a total idiot, the others are splashing water at one another.  Are they brain damaged or something? Shouldn't it have dawned on them by now that they jumped headlong, in their clothing, into a river, at the first suggestion by a random stranger?"
"Nope, they think they came up with it, or they reason it the same way you do when you take orders from your superiors, that the authority knows best! It also seems, Marianne, that you score really high on our OTA".
"OTA?" she asked, puzzled.
"Obedience to Authority, you have a very powerful natural ability to engender a desire to comply. It was top of my skills list," explained Derek.
"Trying to give us all a lesson in psychology there, Derek?" asked Sterling.
"No, not really, it would be useless to you if she tried it on other humans in there. But guess what? There is no other human in there." 
Marianne had work to do. A discussion of the psychology of computer-generated people was pointless. She interrupted the ongoing discussion. "Enough psychology boys, here comes the barge. Barge at 11 o'clock, less than a click, get your ass into gear Zeus; I'll get Santa's helpers out of there."
"Copy, Marianne" said Sterling.
Marianne beckoned to the group in the water. "Hey you guys, out of the water, c'mon, chop chop, work to do..."
The youngest pointed toward the barge, and wrung out her hair, then she started to take her dress off. "Yes certainly, the barge is just up here. Let us guide you."
Marianne was getting a little impatient with the group, they didn't seem to be as motivated as she expected them to be. "I know where the barge is, your job is just to stand around and make me look good, how does that sound?" 
"That sounds great, five shekels you say?" asked one of the younger men.
"Just five each... erm... are we clear?" Marianne remembered the primary control phrase, but to be honest, it seemed these folks would agree to set their house on fire if she asked.
"Ohh yes, very clear. Five shekels to help a young lady mate with the monarch!" Said Teeni the older man. He was now only up to his hips and splashed water at the young girl. Then he chased them around giggling.
"This is so fucking easy, these guys are utter sheep. It's like throwing sticks for a dog," announced Marianne.
Derek giggled a little at Marianne's naivety. He'd worked with Elysians a lot longer. She was confusing their gentle nature for lower intelligence. Both he and even Audrey had fallen for this at the outset too. "You'd think, wouldn't you? You might find they are brighter than they look there Marianne. Don't take it at face value. Also, the weekly wages on Elysia for folks like this? Well it's about 80 pennies. You offered them a month's wage each, and Elysians don't lie remember?"
Marianne slapped her own forehead.
"Fuck, no wonder they are so happy. I'd be delighted with a stranger offering me a month's Moolah".
"Mina, then Shekels, then Pennies, Marianne. It's very lucky you didn't offer them five Mina, they would take it and retire. That old fart hasn't seen five shekels in one place his entire life by the looks of him," stated Derek, sniggering.
"Gotcha, how much do I have in this pouch thing?"
 Marianne opened the leather pouch she had tied to her belt.
Audrey pressed the comm button.
"Hi Marianne, it’s Audrey. The pouch is not infinite, but every time you put your hand in, it just refills. It took some time, but I managed to hack the purse strings for you. Mina in slot one, Shekels in two, pennies in three, got it? Don't go handing out Mina like confetti; you'll screw up the local economy. Marianne, don't get used to it, but right now, you are super wealthy. Just drop the purse before you die."
"Gotcha, no yachts and wild parties... okay. " She turned to address the group again.
"C'mon folks, choppity chop, let's get it together... You! Yeah you with the blonde hair! Tell me honey, do you always walk about with no top on?"
"Topon?" enquired the girl "What's a topon?" The girl walked out of the water a little further. She had removed all of her clothing and stood now knee deep in the river, very naked. She pulled her dress from the water and put it over her arm.
"You are naked, fuck you are naked, what in the name of?" started Marianne, amazed by the shamelessness of the young woman.
"I'm going to present to the monarch. Her majesty might want to mate with me, well I hope anyway. We can't mate with clothes on, and my clothes are wet. Why would I wear wet clothes?" answered the young woman.
The group laughed. Teeni moved up behind the young girl and started to fondle her breasts.
 Marianne was helping one of the younger men onto the bank.
"Ohh okay...whatever... anyway get your tushy outta the water and let's get to that barge". She noticed the weird goings on in the water. The young girl was now facing Teeni and the two of them were kissing. Marianne lost it with the old guy. "You old guy, hey, aren't you a little past it to be fondling girls. Take your hands off her; seriously, you should be ashamed of yourself! You are old enough to be her grandfather. Christ, this place is a fucking brothel!"
The young girl defended Teeni. "Yes, he's feeling me, he's older, but he is good, very experienced. Would you like to feel me? We are the same florescence we share light. I like you, would you like to take me? Do you feel pink coming?"
"Cuckoo to Zeus, Derek, she wants to fuck me, advise. Over?" said Marianne.
"I think she wants to use you as a warm up for Alterra!" responded Derek
Sterling broke in.
"Cuckoo, say no but agree to join her on the barge, it'll be easier for two of you to get into Alterra’s bedroom if one of you is a real Elysian."
Derek raised his eyebrows at sterling. "Yeah look, Marianne, they are all horny as hell.  Alterra has them like that; it's going viral across the planet. Right now, you are at ground zero. I'm surprised at this range, they aren't all at it like rats in the water." he answered, lowering the volume on Sterlings' mouthpiece.
Marianne noticed some of the Elysians were intrigued by her, they were likely trying to work out who she was conversing with. She turned to the young Elysian girl. "Gotcha Derek, erm...No thanks, honey" she replied to the fairly excited-looking, blonde Elysian.  "I have a headache, but how about we both do the Kuriosa, sound good to you?"
"Oh, that sounds great, I'd like that! Can I see you now?" Asked the young Elysian.
"Of course you can see me, I'm over here."
The girl walked out of the water and approached Marianne. "No, silly, let's get those clothes off, I want to see you. Ohh you have very large breasts. Are you a mother?"
Derek broke in right away, agitated. "Marianne, careful, she can't see you. You are human; do not take your clothing off. I repeat, do not expose the rest of your body, they will work it out!"
"You'd love that, Derek, But there's not a lot of chance of that, you pervert!" Marianne thought about this suggestion. If she took her clothes off and ran about like a lunatic, what difference would it make? Why would she be embarrassed? This was not her! She was still in the laboratory in Manchester. It totally surprised her how quickly she had become accustomed to this reality and even her new body, as if it were really her body.
"Who's Youpervert? Is Youpervert your deity? Ohh look there is some nanweed over here, look!" The young blond started poking about in some bushes. But she failed to work out magic had just been performed.
Marianne hadn’t worked it out either, but she’d had enough small talk. If they wanted to walk about naked, well fair enough. So long as they got her to the barge without being seen, who cares? They were out of the water now anyway, so time to make a move.
"Never mind, sweetie, Youpervert is none of your business. Right are we all here? Good let's get going...hey darlin, leave the goddamn shrubbery alone” commanded Marianne as she was handed a fistful of small green and yellow leaves. “What? No, no I don't want it... " she responded to the gesture. 
They walked toward the barge. Small boats were ferrying new fodder back and forward from the landing port to the side jetty built onto the barge. This was a large barge, more like a riverboat steamer, except obviously made of wood of some sort. It was easily 150 foot long. Marianne looked at her hands and arms.
"Wow this is so real, I can smell the heather, feel the air, or wind. It's like real or something. I'm actually breathing in and out. I can feel the hairs on my arm move in the wind." She pinched herself, and then curiously looked down her top. "You know what guys? She's right; my tits are fucking huge, people! What smart ass decided that was a good idea? Holy fuck, I'm a wetnurse! I've got nipples like 50 calibre rounds...Jesus!" 
Audrey took this as cue to explain things a little. "Hi Marianne, it's Audrey again, I designed your body, hope you like the new one... ahem, anyway the boobs? Well, that was me. I thought it might help you with Alterra, she's a boob girl... if you erm, know what I mean?"
"I'm acquainted with the concept, yes!" replied Marianne, still looking down her top. "So you decided what? That if push came to shove, I might agree to give Alterra a motor-boating or something?"
Audrey didn't reply though. She was realizing that humans could hold her responsible for their physical appearance in Elysia. This had never happened before.
Marianne shook her head in bewilderment. "I don't remember this in the briefing? Did I miss a memo? Jesus you people are fucking weird. This day is getting stranger by the minute." 
One of the younger men caught up with her and tapped her shoulder gently.
"Hello, I am Caen Ti, are you a northerner? Truly?" 
"Yes, yes I'm from the erm north. I hail from Mirtis Po, about 200 miles north of Karig, have you ever been?" She asked, hoping he had been nowhere.
"No, no I have never left the territory of Randina, but I hear you northerners sometimes eat the flesh of animals, is that right? What animals do you consume? Do they taste like flumfruit?" he asked, firing a little salvo of questions.
Marianne thought about this problem, realising she couldn't just ignore the Elysian. She had also been given a briefing on the locals in this world. It was true that the northern tribes had been observed to eat meat when the last evolutionary burst had been stopped. However, it was still something that was considered a shameful activity for almost all other Elysians. It was also just a rumour in this part of Elysia.
Marianne decided to approach it very diplomatically. "Erm, yes, I have heard this too. I have heard that sometimes, other northerners have been known in cold winters to eat animals. But they are cooked first, and prepared for the cooking, and it's not very common. It's more myth than substance to be honest."
The young man nodded as she talked and then replied softly.  "I heard some of the animals were... they were..." He hushed his voice. Marianne could very vaguely see his skin tone change to light blue as he spoke close to her to avoid being overheard. "I heard they were still alive when you consumed them?" he whispered.
Marianne decided to quash the stupid conversation. NEP had insisted she do nothing that might alter the advance of their culture. "No, no, that's rubbish, this is obviously a misunderstanding. Where do these stories come from? They are all roasted on an open fire, dead and crispy."
Caen Ti looked a little puzzled by the response. "You seem to know much of their crispy texture for one that has not consumed one.."
"Well, that's what I was told," said Marianne, changing the subject. "Look, there's a little boat just here, let's get to it and row to the barge, yes?"
"Yes, a boat, great idea. Can I ask you if you will mate with me after the monarch? You are a strange but beautiful woman. I would like your experience. I am young, but I will try to make you pink, not like the monarch, but as best I can. You could teach me the way of the northern woman, are you married to a man yet?"
"...erm, let’s discuss that after we see the monarch, shall we?" she replied hurriedly. The boy dropped back to the others. "Derek, help me, they all want to fuck my brains out. I think that guy wants me to marry him." 
Derek sniggered at her naivety. "Relax, Marianne they are utterly placid and totally docile, to them it's just a game. He's all whacked out on Alterra’s pink florescence, and horny. He may as well have asked you if you play chess. You can't screw them anyway. He thinks that during sex your florescence will be shared with him. As far as anyone knows, it would be a real disappointment for him. Do not engage in intercourse Marianne, they will uncover you."
"You needn't worry about that Derek!" 
The group climbed into the small boat caught in the reeds, Marianne stood on the bank looking at them take their places. Derek decided to explain how she could get to the barge a little faster. She was a lot stronger in Elysia, perhaps twice as strong as she would be on Earth. She was also a lot younger, and her heart and respiratory system were incredibly efficient. He suggested she do the rowing. She wouldn't get exhausted for a very long time. The Elysians would likely just sit there placidly like kittens. To make it look good, she should let one of the younger men row too. 
"You don't want to look like Wonder Woman, Marianne." he advised, as she yanked the boat into the water with one hand.
Marianne sighed, rolling her eyes, looking at the world around her. "To be brutally open here Derek, Wonder Woman or not, I'm in a world of total pacifism, yeah? Well that's great, but y'know, cos I gotta tell ya, I never felt so naked without my gun! Will I wake up in the morning with that old fart rutting my leg?"
Derek was thinking that perhaps Marrienne hadn't been as tuned in as he was on Elysian culture, but that old fart was fairly likely to rut her leg alright. "Probably, Marianne, well if you don't shut Alterra off and they work out you are human, they will all want a go on you. It's different to them. It's something new, and they won't have the foggiest notion why you would find this uncomfortable. They literally can't comprehend it."
Marianne looked around at the strange world with its weird plants and insects. Even the barge in the distance looked like something from the Neolithic.
"Y'know, Derek, I've been on a lot of dangerous missions and a shit load of strange missions. This is the one I'd least like my mother to see! Thankfully, I have a good excuse, since I can't tell her anyway."
Thursday, September 10th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 51%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 49%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 37%.

CIA Headquarters, Langley, Virginia.

Colonel Randall Doherty sat at a highly polished table in the conference room viewing the screen with several other members of his situation team. The rest of the team were dressed in civilian attire except for his aide and two guards standing outside the door. Scrambling of sound inside the room was switched on so that nobody, even inside Langley, could snoop on the conversation.
Doherty switched on his tablet and communicator and ordered it to form a conference presentation with those in the room. 
"Right as you are aware, after several years of head banging, operation 'BirdNest' was initiated about a week ago, folks, when we found an 'in' to NEP. We made insertion yesterday. That operative was tasked with identifying the target, conversing with and evaluating the technology. We need to know if we can add it as an asset, or alternatively deny that asset to other agencies, friend or foe, Sgt. Venter?"
Doherty’s aide Sgt. Jeff Venter stood and ordered the blinds closed. "Thank you, sir."
He summarized where they were now. First, they had a full topography of the area and were in 24/7 communication with the operative, one Captain Pat Schooner. Captain Schooner was acting as liaison between the agency and NEP. Second, NEP had supplied a remote access code so that they could see what was going on and talk to the operative at will. The agency’s tech people believed this was a mistake on NEP's part, and that they could use it to finally access NEP systems and take over. Thirdly, infiltration of the target location was made at 5:32pm, the operative proceeded on mission to identify and communicate with the target. This was completed at 5:37pm. The target and its asset list were non-hostile in nature, but with potential to become so in the future. The operative is on standby. "... and this boys and girls, is why we are here.  That is all. Col. Doherty, sir?"
Randall pressed the screen in front of him. I have the operative online right now.  Captain Schooner? Patricia? It’s Randy Doherty, you are in the situation room."
"I'm here, Colonel, Sgt Venter? Guys?" 
An image appeared onscreen of Marianne sitting in front of an access monitor.
"Captain Schooner, can you give us all an update? Anything happen in the last 14 hours?" 
"Erm... no nothing out of the ordinary. Well, nothing out of the ordinary for here anyway. The target is now subdued in terms of her previous activity, she's asleep. There has, as I reported yesterday, been a marked change in the behaviour of the Elysian folks. They seem to be a little more erm... relaxed and a lot less confused. There is one interesting point, and it has to do with a conversation I had with one of these Elysian males after insertion yesterday." replied Marianne, or, as Doherty knew her, Patricia.
"Go on Patricia" requested Doherty.
Pat relayed the weird conversation with Caen Ti from the day before. Dumb as the Elysian seemed, he was a bright one. It was becoming more obvious to her that she had confused pleased disposition and friendliness with slight mental retardation. These Elysians were not stupid. Caen Ti had tricked her into admitting she ate meat. Later, another Elysian had found out she was single without her mentioning it. Yet another had discovered she could fire a bow and discovered her military skills,. although obviously they were not aware she was human, nor what 'military' meant to humans.
She finished with a brief and worrying synapses. "They are supposed to have an average I.Q. of 95 or so, Sir. My own I.Q., according to my records is 128, yet they are clearly very adept at getting me to open my mouth. A lot better than some very bright humans on Earth."
"We'll have someone look at it, Schooner. The target, though... please tell us how this progressed" requested Doherty.
"Sure, sir, I entered her bedchamber at about half five yesterday evening. She was half-asleep with several Elysian courtiers in attendance. I ordered them to leave and attempted to wake her, at which point I was told... quote 'Fuck off I'm sleeping'".
The Langley team sniggered, Pat continued. "I approached the target and tapped her on the shoulder, telling her to wake up and get dressed. She awoke and asked me who I was. I told her Derek Beirmann sent me to Elysia, to which she replied 'Spoilsport'. The target was docile and nonthreatening. She sat up and dressed herself."
"She did not act in a threatening way?"
"No, no Sir, apart from her abusive language she was perfectly docile, no threat. If anything totally erm...contented. " 
Again the team sniggered.
"At this point I deem it unnecessary to neutralise her until I can make at least a cursory evaluation of the rest of the checklist, sir."
Doherty pulled up a checklist on his screen. 
"Okay, Captain so on the first item, which is...does she have control over human entities either foreign or domestic to the United States?”
There was a brief pause.
“Well, does she?" he asked tersely.
"Well, with the exception of her netcast persona, and her fans online, there was no control of humans consciously. Certainly, she was not aware of any other humans other than me and Derek Beirmann, or his team members. She seemed to have little interest in concepts such as control, power or personal wealth, despite being the queen."
"Okay, good to hear, good to hear that!"
 Another team member interrupted. "Hi Schooner, so onto the next item, which is control of others in Elysia, as a threat to the United States or allies. Could she raise an army or create weapons of any kind or attack our digital economy?" 
Marianne recognized Sterling. "Is that you, Henry? You need to stop arguing with Beirmann, don't annoy him. I need to keep him happy. Anyway, in answer to your question, well, no, none. The Elysian system is a closed system and even uses its own internal and bespoke systems of data exchange. It is neither compatible with, nor in any way interfaced with Earth systems. That's my understanding anyway."
"Pat, we are working on a way in. The guys in digital tell us they can get into Elysia, but you are telling us no!" continued Sterling, a little confused.
"Well, she can't hack her way out or anything if that's what we're talking about, because I can't. It's simple physics, Henry. But I'm not qualified to answer whether you can get support in to me, I'd sure hope so though."
Pat then addressed her boss. "I'd be very sure about that too, Sir. I tried everything to use this communicator to link to any Earth system I could. Nothing, no signal, no communication. It's a total brick. If I can't communicate or interface with a basic earth system, using the most advanced communicator you guys can design, then she can't either." 
"Henry Sterling is on the mark there, Captain, it's an important point. We need to be sure she's locked in there, and that NEP is not going to let millions of crazy neuromorphs out of this Elysia computer game and all over the Earth networks!"
Pat laughed loudly, there was a little motion in the bed behind her as someone stirred. "Well, she can't. But y'know sir, even if she had open access to our entire economy, she would probably ignore it. Elysian's tend to stay away from things they don't understand."
Doherty was a little mystified. "What do you mean, Pat?" 
Pat paused to try to relay her experience of these placid, easygoing, unmotivated Elysian types. "Well, sir, their rate of advance is painfully slow. They have been in the late Bronze Age, early farming era for nearly twenty thousand years, their time. On Elysia one year is almost three of ours, Sir. They have no interest in inventing anything more advanced than a needle or the axel or cooking implements. Their planet is larger and has hundreds if not millions of times more resources than ours, yet they couldn't be bothered investigating it, Sir."
"Fine, fine, seemingly they are totally unmotivated lazy bastards. Next though, control over you, Patricia? Can she get you to think or do things you wouldn't?" 
"Well, since I'm me, Sir, that's a little hard to conclusively determine. I did have a 'cat spat' with her about an hour later. She is incredibly verbally abusive if she gets going. She is not happy that she is compelled to do as I say, but she does it anyway, begrudgingly. Thus far, apart from obvious things like being courteous, then nothing she's asked of me did I see as a command in any way." 
The team considered a few other things unknown to them regarding Elysia, notably whether the objects felt real or were like the ones in computer games where objects could not be broken. As far as Pat was concerned after testing things, it was just like Earth.
"In short, sir, it seems they are more interested in making love than war. In fact, they make the hippy generation look like Nazis, sir."
"Okay, so we can safely say, in your opinion, we can defer neutralization until further notice?" 
"Yeah, I'd say that's perfectly okay, well for now anyway. It'd be a shame to remove her only to lose any other information about NEP we might find useful."
"Agreed, Patricia you can stand down on the primary objective until further notice." 
"Will do, sir, also sir, according to Derek Beirmann I am at 93% synchronization after 14 hours 30 minutes. This gives me a total of about 8 days and 6 hours from insertion, which is a lot more than we had anticipated. I won't make it to Solus with her, but I don't think I have to. From Biermann’s perspective, my job is actually now completed. I will make it to Randine on this Barge though. However, if you guys break into NEP’s systems, I can easily be replaced with further operatives."
There was rummaging in the background and the face of Alterra approached the monitor screen.
"Is that Derek you are talking to, tell him he's a total prick!" Alterra stretched behind Pat rubbing her eyes and yawning.
"Excuse me, sir...," exclaimed Pat, turning to Alterra. "First, did we not discuss your language young lady? Next, shut the fuck up!... I'm sorry Sir, but see what I mean about the tongue in her head?"
Alterra stuck her tongue out at Pat behind her back and angrily shot back.  "Young lady? Hah! I'm a woman now!"
"Zip it, Alterra, okay?" came the authoritative reply.
"Ohh yeah... hehehe, Zip it! Understood, Wilco!" Replied Alterra cynically. She turned off camera, to see who was up, peeking outside her cabin as she secretly saluted Pat, who she still thought was Marianne O'Neill. This was also the very first time in Elysian history anyone saluted anyone else. Even Alterra looked at her own hand to her head, wondering what she was doing. But Pat didn't see it, and neither did Langley.
"Oh for Christ's sake, Alterra... Anyway sir, I will record and upload this data later along with anything else I notice." 
Doherty put his finger on the end-call control.
"It seems you have everything under control there, Patricia, I'll inform Brussels and London. Henry Sterling here is on his way back to Frankfurt after this call. He will continue to act as your support in NEP."
"Sure sir, Cuckoo out."
Patricia AKA Marianne turned to Alterra.
"Let's get something straight here, sweetie. I'm not here to play silly games with you. The job is to get you to Solus, get you to do what I say. Your job is to just go with the plan, okay? So, no cussing, no attempts to climb out windows, no x-rated threesomes. Clear?"
"Yes, Marianne... We can eat though, yes? Some stew perhaps?" 
Alterra opened the door further to find someone that would get them dinner as Pat thought about her field rations in her satchel.
"Sure, stew sounds great!"
Tuesday, September 15th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 51%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 49%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 37%.

15 Elarni Spring, River Nula,
Elysian Year 3422.
632 miles W of Solus.

Viewing Pat from Earth, the first and second days on the barge were fairly uneventful. She was introduced to Zee and Mint as 'Marianne Pretnil', a friend from weaving summer school the previous year. Remarkably, Alterra passed that off without a hitch.
Patricia did most of the talking though. Having viewed the extracted footage of this three-month summer break, she was familiar with the layout of the school, and the weaving school methodology. Had Alterra tried her hand at professional lying, her odds of carrying it off were a lot lower. But Patricia had actually sat examinations on deception. 
As part of her study before insertion she had also weaved a rather interesting looking doll. NEP supplied replica Elysian weaving technology. She had also taken it as somewhat of a hobby. Weaving was a relaxing occupation. Elysian weaving sheaths were held on your lap and there was no need for complex preparation. Plus you could easily include your own designs. They were also sold online, some selling for thousands of dollars. They had become a big hit with young and old, male and female, on Earth.
Patricia, like all weavers on Earth, had used earth textiles and threads rather than brinefruit cotton, the primary textile in the northern territory of Elysia. Nobody else on the barge knew anything about weaving except for Zee and Alterra. Since Pat was so young, her skills would be poor anyway.
On the second day, one full day in Elysia, the barge began to slow. It was announced by the captain's wife, over breakfast, that they were stopping because a family of rogue nartain were now resident on the river Nula a few miles south. 
Elysian wildlife for the most part is benign. Bacteria do not cause any serious illnesses, insects bite but they won't eat you in your sleep. Wild animals are many orders of magnitude below the apex species in terms of danger. That still leaves a few animals designed by NEP, or many which evolved, that you wouldn't want to meet up with. Nartain were certainly one such creature. 
A nartain is large, semi-bipedal and about 15 foot long  with large kangaroo-like hind legs attached to a huge muscular thorax. It can grow in old age to over 25 feet. 
Derek to provided Pat with a video of the nartain and she was very impressed with it. This was a very dangerous and extremly vicious animal judging by the footage on the monitor. A nartain looked like a black, armoured, hairy, 20-foot praying mantis with a long prehensile tail and spiked arms. Its forelegs each had a very large two-foot retractable, serrated, spike protruding from the wrist. The video she had seen displayed a nartain throwing an animal the size of a moose around like a rag doll. 
A nartain’s fingers and toes are long, it has three fingers and a thumb on each hand. It uses small rubbery cups on the ends of its fingers and rough pads on its toes to climb and attach itself to trees, awaiting unsuspecting prey. It has six rows of incredibly sharp serrated teeth in its large protruding snout. Like sharks on Earth nartain teeth were constantly replaced from the back.
They appear insect-like but they have four limbs, not six and hear incredibly well, through round indents that run 270 degrees around the outside of their head. Their eyes run from the centre of their face, to where the average human would have their ears, and this gives them a bifocal model of their world of about 320 degrees. You cannot sneak up on a nartain. 
Nartain are rather intelligent and have no natural enemies themselves, except perhaps other nartain. During an attack, the nartain matriarch orders the others, acting as a commander. Her soldiers are truly fearless and extremely violent once in attack mode. Even after the meal Nartain will descend on their own injured brothers and sisters. To avoid a dangerous loss of family members they breed like rabbits and grow very fast. 
According to the captain, this family had moved to the river Nula for a good reason. The local ponds, and small tributaries, that they used as a stake out for prey had dried up early in the spring sun. When prey moves, the nartain move. They generally hunt forest deer, antelope, giant swamp flatfrogs and medium sized fauna. Their favorite prey, when they can get it, is Forest Elk. 
Forest Elk are very large forest and grassland dwelling deer-like creatures. The nartain family usually ambush elk from a height, dropping onto them wrist spears extended. Several nartain usually do this at once in a combined attack. They time it perfectly, as a Forest Elk can be over 25 to 30 feet in height. Forest Elk have large bony spines on their back but most of those point downward to prevent predators jumping onto them. Even so, nartain attacking from the treetops need to be very careful that they are not injured during an attack on an Elk. Injured nartain are of no use to a nartain matriarch. If she finds one that's a hindrance to the family, she will attack it and the group will eat it.
Over the past thousand years the Elysians had begun to move their farmsteads closer to nartain country, so attacks in this area of the south were common in the spring.  The solution to this is simple, stay out of the damn forest!
Patricia asked Alterra to call a small meeting in the wheelhouse of the barge to discuss the threat and options. This nartain family had killed two Elysian children a few days earlier. A third child had been lucky and escaped injured to tell the tale. A hunting party paid for by the local Elysitite governor was on its way from Kreed, the capital of Randina. The hunting party was now at the local town of Kreed Minor with Southern Bartu hunters making up the majority of the group. But between the hunters and the barge were the nartain. The Bartu had decided to go south first, avoid the danger, then north again and meet the barge. This doubled the time it would take to arrive and support the monarch. 
According to locals, several nartain were attaching themselves to trees in the forest, while two nartain acted as decoys in the river. The tree-ambushing nartain then speared the local fauna, which wandered into the forest to avoid the danger in the river. It was a well-rehearsed and rather clever hunting strategy. This was occurring on a daily basis. From the estimated fauna death toll, northern tribes folk on the barge had assumed a total population of about 25 members of the nartain family, but it was a best guess. 
Again, Pat was impressed at the ingenuity of this animal.  "My suggestion would be to hold our position and wait for the Bartu. Then we just let the hunters do their thing and continue. Yeah, it'll add a few days, but what can we do? It's too dangerous to continue in my opinion."

"Well," replied the captain "We also have the option of sticking to the south bank. Nartain are clumsy in water, and they won't be able to jump from one side of the river to the other.  Two of her majesty's party of northern tribesmen are observing them from the south side of the river. They have made no moves during the last day at all. I know animals like this. If you leave them alone, do nothing, don't upset or antagonise them, you are okay. We have all these burly tribespeople and a large barge. They would be stupid to attack for such meagre supplies of food," he stated confidently.
"No, my daughter is going nowhere near those beasts!" exclaimed mother Zee, "Marianne is right, we stay where we are, we'll take more time, so what? What's the rush? Solus will still be there when we arrive."
The northern tribesfolk nodded their agreement with mother Zee, one stepped forward, addressing Alterra. "Majesty, we cannot risk you coming to harm.  As it is, there is no guarantee these nartain will not move upstream if their food source runs out." The others nodded feverishly. He continued opening a hastily drawn map of the local area, which his scouts had given him. "I would feel much better if a few of us accompanied you on foot on the south bank. We can pass the danger by road, then meet up with our southern Bartu friends near Kreed Minor".
Pat concurred, it was probably a slower but better move to get Alterra off the barge and into a safer area, even if that meant she personally would die beforehand and not reach Randine herself.  She could just take one of the spears and go nartain hunting herself.  Hey, she was bombproof right? She would discuss it with Langley later, and with Derek before that. If she went alone at night it would reduce the threat of an angry mob of twenty-five huge, black beetle creatures, swooping on them from the trees, with meat cleavers for hands. It would relieve the boredom. Meanwhile, she needed to agree a solution with the Elysians. She could always face off a nartain threat with some human ingenuity and a baseball bat later! 
She nodded as the tribesman finished up. "Okay, so look. This tribesman here thinks that getting off the barge is a good plan. I agree with him...  does anyone have a better idea?"
Nobody spoke.
"Right, we are getting off the barge. Pack up, we leave in the morning!" 
Some tribesfolk immediately started to leave. They were confused that Alterra had not decided herself. Nevertheless, they were glad they were being ordered to do something they agreed with anyway. Marrianne put her hand up to stop them leaving. "Next, before we go, let's do a weapons check. I don't care who thinks nartain are bad swimmers or have the brains of a poodle. I've never seen a nartain, and my guess is neither has any of you, not even sailor boy here,” gesturing towards the captain, “I want to make sure we can defend ourselves."
Those present in the wheelhouse looked at her. She was making perfect sense, yet was doing so very authoritatively for a weaver girl. They were of a mind to do as she said, they had no idea what to do anyway.  Pat looked at their surprised faces. She pointed at one of them and ordered him directly. "You, tribesman, yeah, you buddy. Let's find out what we have in terms of weapons that we can use to keep these things away from us. I hope that it won't come to this, but in a worst-case scenario, I'd like to be able to cut them to pieces. Got it? When you've done that report to the Kuriosa"
"Erm ...? " 
He was making moves to leave but then stopped beside Alterra.
"Erm... I, hmmm, Majesty?"
Alterra looked at him a little confused as to why he was still waiting about.
"You are free to go, tribesman," stated both Pat and Alterra in unison.
"Yes, majesty" he responded and left.
'Interesting' Pat thought to herself. That guy was of a mind not to do what she ordered. He waited for Alterra to tell him. Luckily, Alterra does what she says. Yes, this was a definite crack. There was an observable failure in the chain of command going on here. She would have to tell Langley about that too, after finding out from Derek what might have happened. It might be all perfectly innocent and there is a good explanation, but Beirmann will need to give her a damned good reason. They split up on the barge. Patricia went back to her room with Alterra.
"Okay give me a minute, Alterra honey, I gotta get a few things straight with Derek, Cuckoo to Zeus, over?" said Pat putting her hand over one ear to drain out strange jungle noises outside.
"It’s Derek, Marianne, yeah we got all that, getting off the barge is a good idea. We have those nartain on camera in the forest, on the north side of the river. They are bright too, like a dog maybe. You wouldn't make it through there, they'd rip you apart."
Patricia looked at the little map she had copied from the tribesman and showed it to Derek. "Okay, so what about by land? Are there any obstacles you can see? Any dangers? Anything I need to know? Can you copy a satellite image of this area, and drop it in to me?"
Derek looked at the map. He told her he'd send a replacement in about an hour. The nartain had no way of fording the river Nula for three miles either side of her position. According to Derek and the captain, they were also bad in water. It seemed to the team in NEP, that the nartain were getting ready for an attack on some forest elk that had crossed into the forest from the far north. That might just keep them busy while the group passed. As soon as they passed one small farm on the south side, Pat would head south and meet up with the Bartu.
"Okay, this Bartu gang? They are a support unit? How many? What have they got in terms of weapons?" Derek wasn't used to answering military people, but explained what Bartu were briefly. 
The Bartu are taller than regular Elysians at about five feet and ten inches in height. The average height for an Elysian in Randina is five feet, three inches. The Bartu originated in Northern Elysia but they parted company with their northern cousins almost half a million years ago. They are different. Their homeland is a large continent some 15,000 miles away at the closest, an area called Saroola. The Bartu are well known around Elysia as the bravest Elysians. Their hunting skills however are not employed to feed their population, they too are vegetarian. They do use leather for clothing and housing, and they also need meat to feed their dogs. All Bartu keep a hunting dog, it is part of their hunting equipment. These Bartudogs eat a lot. They have been bred over the past twenty-thousand Elysian years for their size, ability to obey orders, and for their ferociousness. In the process of learning to hunt, the Bartu had invented metal spears and swords, basic bronze shields, light armour and powerful bows. They are extremely well trained in weapons use from childhood, literally from the time they can walk. For an Elysian, that’s about three weeks old. 
Compared to the rest of Elysia, the Bartu have a better grasp on hunting scenarios, yet no understanding of war or organized violence, unless that violence is carried out on their prey, in which case all the Elysian nicey-nice vanishes from their eyes on the spot. Bartu are extremely good at killing things quickly. At this point in Elysia’s evolution, they are technically not Elysian. Speciation of the Bartu and other Elysians has been going on now for 100,000 years. A good analogy is the Tiger and the Lion. Both are cats, both can intermix, but are not doing so because a huge ocean separates them and they do not recognise each other as the same species, because they aren’t. 
 One trait not shared by other Elysians was the Bartu nimbleness and speed. A Bartu is extremely dextrous and very quick thinking. This also makes them slightly brighter on average than other Elysian. Their civilization is fast approaching the Iron Age. NEP had already observed some Bartu farmers employing levers and cogs. 
Derek showed an image of Bartu on the monitor. A group of black men and women appeared, but they seemed to have no florescence.  They had of course, but humans couldn't see it very well, even with normal Elysian, with a Bartu it was even harder. These Elysian were not like black people on earth, they were much, much darker. The Bartu were truly the blackest object on Elysia, or anywhere. 
The Bartu skin colour was another evolved trait. Since it absorbed almost all light, it prevented prey, or oftentimes other Bartu, from seeing them in hiding. Their eyes were bright green, almost luminous. Since their eyelids also had this black pigmentation, they had another weird trait. They could see with their eyes closed.  You cannot sneak up on a Bartu!
Their dogs were simply huge. They made the great dane look like a miniature poodle, their shoulders easily came up to the shoulders of the Bartu. They too were mostly jet black and again had luminous green eyes. Some were used as pack animals holding equipment, and all had bronze armour strapped to their limbs and torsos, with some dogs and Bartu wearing metal helmets.
 "A heavily armoured family of Bartu are camped about 30 miles south of you at the moment" stated Derek, showing the images on her monitor "... they will probably set off in the morning for the location of the barge, using Alterra’s florescence as a beacon."
Pat was slightly taken aback by the Bartu. "They seem to be ready for war or something!" 
Derek relayed what he knew of the Bartu. They used the metal armour as a sort of display of force and decoration. Its defensive properties were not Kevlar, but it was better than nothing. Many groups like this one hired themselves out as pest control. While the armour was not the most effective, their secret weapon was their intelligence and speed. They were not just the brightest Elysians, but also the most aggressive and dextrous. However, they couldn't harm an Elysian, they would get sick, just like any other Elysian.
Patricia also coyly brought up the situation that had occurred earlier with the tribesman refusing to carry out her orders, along with another request for military hardware to be dropped. Just in case.
Derek was having none of it, she had requested a weapon a few times now. "You have got to stop barking orders at them, Marianne, they are not soldiers. You are confusing them, and when confused they will always default to what they know! They know Her! It’s instinctive." 
Morris had refused to allow any weapons to be scanned. All weapons other than native Elysian ones were outright banned. George was having none of it either. "'No firearms, this is not Los Angeles!" he had barked at Derek when the request was made the last time. 
Pat would be reliant on Elysian weaponry. Derek agreed to provide her with the locations of all the known nartain from their overview of the north side of the bank. There was also a path along the south of the river, which should be both short and safe. By the late morning, the Bartu would almost be there anyway. Pat suggested she jump off the barge with a spear and go ape-shit on the nartain family herself. Derek was less than impressed with this idea. 
"You think this will teach the Elysians what, Marianne? You are the only human, Alterra and the others will take a lot of offense, or will completely misinterpret what they think is an Elysian woman doing Vlad the Impaler on the nartain family. To them this would be like watching some sort of angry Batman going berserk. It's physically possible for you to do so. However, NEP will not agree to it, so NO! As it stands most Elysian back away from Bartu from fear, compared to you the Bartu are mice!" 
Patricia made an excuse to go to the bathroom and left Alterra talking to Derek. Humans did not need to use a bathroom in Elysia, but Derek hadn't worked that out given the worry about the nartain. 
She contacted Doherty in Langley and mentioned the tribesman’s refusal to carry out orders earlier. This worried her superiors greatly, despite Derek's explanation. They told her they were just hours from finally overriding NEP's monopoly of Elysia and would drop her an armaments pack when they managed to get into the system. Pat breathed a sigh of relief, it was really frustrating not being able to just shoot these stupid nartain. She asked if she should wait on the barge until this was guaranteed, but they told her to get out of there. She then mentioned the idea of simply marching into the forest, and beating the nartain to death herself with a rock or spear or something. 
"Let's not piss NEP off for the moment, Captain. NEP can simply stop the mission right now. The only reason you're still there is because of the nartain things. If you go killing those things later, well, they will just end your mission, and we could be back to square one. Permission denied, Schooner, I’m sorry." stated Doherty.
“Normally, a soldier gets their 782 gear at least sir? I have nothing here!” she asked. Her 782 being what a marine might also carry, like a helmet and body armour, personal effects.
“Sorry, no whacky military kit. NEP wouldn’t scan it anyway. I noticed that little glock you tried to sneak into your gear too! Nice try Pat, permission denied. But as soon as we are in charge we’ll get you kitted up!” replied Doherty.
Pat was getting the feeling they were playing it too safe in Langley, but orders are orders. She was told if it all began to go bad, if it was looking any way risky, then to remember the mission—gaining control of the system. They were working on sending her support right now. In the meantime, the barge was considered more dangerous than the path.
She was ordered to basically get as much done as she could before her time ran out, keep close to the queen and protect her while she posed no threat. If anything breeches the agreed threat points on her threat list, then she was to kill Alterra and await extraction or further orders. At that point, the secret services of the EU would take over the NEP building, and ensure they did everything they wanted. Then following her extraction, they would either keep it, or shut it down remotely. She agreed and signed off with Langley. 

Tuesday, September 17th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 51%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 49%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 37%.

16 Elarni Spring, River Nula,
Elysian Year 3422.
512 miles W of Solus.
189 miles N of Randine.
82 Miles W of Kreed Capital of Randina.

The next day the barge moved as close to the south back of the river as they could. A small party of Alterra, guarded by ten tribesfolk armed with spears and bows, along with Patricia, Zee, Mint and a southern scout left the barge at midday. This was to give them enough time to pass the danger by a very large margin, meeting up with the Bartu approaching from the south. They were sticking to the road where it was possible to see the north side of the river, and have a good overview of anything larger than a horse for about 300 yards in every direction.
After two miles the group found itself on a dusty path parallel to the river. There was a farmstead to the south separated by the road and the river. This was the boundary of the jungle forest. In terms of military exposure, this was perfectly safe. When the others were not looking, Patricia used her binoculars to survey the north side of the river along the tree line. She compared what she saw to the satellite map Derek had sent her. Not a single movement had she yet detected. Another five clicks and they were home free. Ahead a tribesman raised his hand as he had been informed to do by Pat and made a fist. The others stopped and kneeled. 
Patricia approached the lead tribesman on point. "Okay what is it?" 
"Look!" he pointed ahead.
In the distance, maybe half a mile in front of the party there was a small outcrop of rocks covered partially by trees and jungle. Out of the forest came the largest creature Patricia had ever seen in her life. It was at least three times the height of an elephant with a huge muscular tail held aloft behind it. On its head, it had a huge set of bony antlers in a Spiral. It reminded her of a giant goat with a dragon's tail or something. All along its back, a ridge of pointed bones broke through its hairy body.
"Forest elk" said the tribesman "It will attract nartain, we should stay here," he whispered.
"Why are you whispering?"
"Nartain of course! They can probably already hear us."
Pat wasn't that happy with sudden changes in her plans. "Great, well you know what? I think that thing has a lot more meat than we do. So let's use that as cover, get off the road and further south. Can nartain see us in those fields?" She pointed to the long grassy crops growing to their right.
"I think not, but they can hear us. They can even hear our heartbeats if they get close enough"
"Well that's no good then. Let's see if we can get around the elk to the south. If the nartain attack anything it will be that elk." she said, looking around her to see how far back the field of crops went. "Okay, that's a long way back, let me think for a minute..."
The scout approached Patricia. "They are here," he whispered. "They are closing in on the elk. See." He pointed toward the river beside the outcrop. In the distance, they could see a small group of about five black bodies slowly making their way across the river to the south bank.
"Can't swim ehh!" whispered Pat "...take some advice, tribesman, never rely on local intelligence" announced Pat sarcastically.
Patricia decided that it was getting too dangerous. She broke cover in front of the others. "Cuckoo to Zeus, Cuckoo to Zeus over?"
"It's Derek, Marianne; they are making for the outcrop and surrounding the elk, we think. There is a lot more elk in the trees, they came out of nowhere, large as they are. We totally missed them. We were too busy monitoring the nartain in the forest on the north bank."
In the distance now, a group of more forest elk broke through the tree line and plodded slowly through the field eating the farmers' crops. Behind them, Pat could see movement and it was clear this was not a solitary elk or a small group on its way along the bank; it was a herd, a large herd. The nartain were not avoiding a local drought. They must have known about it somehow.
Now even more elk were joining in the foray. There were maybe twenty elk now. They were all happily chowing down on the neck high blue and orange reeds growing in the field. The elk were being slowly pushed further into the field by other elk entering from the direction of the tree line.  She could also see a group of carts approach the lead elk waving spears at it and shouting. She looked at the tribesman and made a questioning shrug. He explained that this was likely the farmer family trying to remove the elk from their crops.
"They are attracting too much attention; we have to get the hell out of here. Cuckoo to Zeus, we need a line out of here! Now would be an excellent time to give me some decent weapons. What about a SOCOM or a TAC338 rifle, Derek? Anything, anything at all? Derek can you drop some bloody capsules filled with house blocks on their heads or something?"
Pat took out her binoculars and examined the tree line much to the amusement and astonishment of all around her. Black shadows were sliding purposefully along the right and left side of the herd, skulking like cats on the prowl. They were approaching the herd and the farmers' family. "Those farmers are in danger; they need to get out of there. You, tribes guy... make a break for it over there away from us. Get their attention. Call the farmers over, do whatever it takes, but get them the hell out of there. Do not bring those black fuckers anywhere near us. If they chase you, then run in the opposite direction. Got it?"  Ordered Pat.
"Majesty?" he questioned, looking at Alterra, who was cowering with Zee and Mint behind a small rock.
"Do whatever she says, tribesman" answered Alterra, terrified at what she knew was bound to be a total slaughter.
The tribesman broke cover and ran through the field of farmers’ crops to about 300 yards from the group. He reached into his satchel and pulled out a horn.
"No, fuck it... no don't!" shouted Pat but it was too late.
He blew it as loud as he could. Everyone, including the elk and the nartain froze.
 Arrrrroooooooooooo, Arrrroooooooo wailed the horn. He shouted to the farmers "NAR - TAIN!"
There was furious movement in the distance, whips lashed to get the horses moving, but it was too late. A huge black body emerged from the long grass into the air, right across the first cart and horses, taking it out.  Farmers tumbled in all directions from the cart. The second cart however took the brunt of the nartain attack. The nartain’s body hit the cart, it shattered. The field was now full of excitable elk, hungry nartain and screaming farmers with pointed sticks. Less than 500 yards away on the road and out in the open was Alterra’s group, terrified.  Closer to the farmers was a terrified tribesman with a horn protruding from his mouth.
"Cuckoo to Zeus, now Derek I need fucking weapons now. I'm no good on my own with a battalion of thirty foot panthers on my tail."
In front of them, the tribesman with the horn began to back slowly away, reaching for his bow. A huge black head, gleaming in the midday sun emerged in front of him from the grass. The head was wider than he was tall. It opened its mouth, hissing loudly and showing rows upon rows of sharp, serrated, orange teeth, each four inches long at least. Terrified, he froze.
"Run, tribesman, run... run now!" shouted Alterra from behind the rock.
The nartain had already surrounded the herd. Thinking like Patricia, they had positioned most of their hunting party in the field awaiting the elk. They had been there for hours, in fact they had probably used the cover of darkness the night before, to position their black hulks in the long grass carefully. The nartain were all patiently waiting for dinner before the small-barge travelling party had even departed. It dawned on Patricia that the nartain moving along the tree line were only there to frighten the elk into the field, where an ambush of huge proportions was waiting for them. The nartain had also not expected a fool with a horn to step in at the last minute, alert their prey, and spoil their hunt. They were not impressed either. What Alterra’s group were not aware of was that the nartain matriarch had just given the order to attack, and now every nartain in the field and in the hedgerow was in kill mode. Two more huge heads, the size of a family car, emerged from the grass, maybe 200 yards behind the first and moved stealthily toward the tribesman with the horn, they began to circle to his left and right. They were planning to shut him down fast.
Patricia saw the shit about to hit the fan. "Mint, take two of these guys, Zee and her majesty. Head back to the barge, fast as you can, don't stop running. You and you... tribesmen! Protect the Kuriosa. GO! NOW... RUN!"
She turned to point at the barge now perhaps two miles away, but as Mint grabbed Alterra and turned to run, they all became aware they were being hunted themselves. Behind them, crouched on the road, were three nartain swishing their long muscular tails and planning the very same manoeuvre on them. The two on either side moved left and right, starting a pincer movement. "Intelligence of a dog my arse! FORM A CIRCLE!" screamed Patricia grabbing her bow "SPEARS IN FRONT, BOWS BEHIND... NOW, DO IT NOW!"
She grabbed Alterra and swung her to the ground in the middle of the small circle being formed in the centre of the dusty road. "Keep your head down honey, keep behind me, and do as I say... understand?" 
Alterra nodded as a muffled scream came from the long grass. The horn-blowing tribesman was attacked from two sides and he went down without a fight. In the distance, they could hear the herd of giant elk holler loudly and begin to stampede across the field. The farmers were being ruthlessly slaughtered by the nartain. They screamed and shouted in the distance. Huge black shapes pounced like giant rats from the long grass onto the backs of the elk as they tried to make their escape. 
"Cuckoo to Zeus, Derek can you hear me?.... Damn... Derek, do something.... Okay. Enough of this shit!... time for some real action, Cuckoo to Goose, Now! please, now!"
Alterra heard the voice of Solaria in her mind.
"Alterra, child, don't be afraid. You will be okay, for I am with you. This one, the human one, she will protect you, no matter what, stay with her."
"Who in the name of fuck is that?" Shouted Pat as she grabbed an arrow from the quiver of a tribesman.
She loaded it as she had been trained to do a year before. She aimed and shot one of the large arrows at the lead nartain. The arrow sped through the air in a tight arc, striking the nartain in the centre of its head, piercing one of its huge green eyes. The creature howled and hissed in agony, the other two backed off slightly as their hunting buddy fell to the ground. The lead nartain recovered slightly, shook its head, and saw that it had a pointed, feathered stick protruding from its forehead. It stood up on its hind legs, reached up to its face and pulled the arrow from its eye. Then it hissed directly at Patricia, the two other nartain clearly understood this command. They hunkered to the ground and crept forward. resuming their attack, targeting Patricia specifically.
"Cuckoo to Goose.. weapons, weapons now... anything...! Bows, mark your targets.... fire!"
Several arrows shot through the air from the tribesfolk, one hit a nartain in the shoulder, it scampered off limping. 
"Goose to Cuckoo, we've got nothing, Patricia, NEP locked us out somehow, we are preparing to take over inside the building. Stand fast, we are going in." came the reply.
"Bows, FIRE!" screamed Patricia as another volley of arrows sped through the air, one hit a second leg of a previously-injured nartain. It fell over writhing in pain, its abdomen bouncing on the ground. Another hit the lead nartain in the abdomen, but the creature seemed to ignore it.
"Who is that?" asked Derek, as he stood monitoring the situation, "Who the hell is Goose?"
"Mr. Beirmann, move away from the panel, we are taking over!" demanded Sterling.
Alterra crossed her arms in the Elysian reverence symbol. She chanted a poem she had learned as a child.




Mater, Mater,
Mater Solaria,
Mater lucem,
Et Mater nos amoris,
Et Mater omnem Elysium,
Hic nos,
Mors imminet,
Audi nos, Filii vestri,
Et salvabit nos,
Semper in lux,
Lumen de vestri filii,
Nos semper vivere, in lux Solaria.
Semperium de solius, de lucem, 
Semper in lucem Solaria.



Mother, Mother, Mother Solaria
Mother of light, Mother we love
and the Mother of the Elysium.

We are here, our death comes now. 
Hear us, your children, and save us.

Always in the light. The light of your children. 
We will live forever, forever in the light of Solaria.
Powered by your light and for your light.
Forever in the light of Solaria.
"Child you don't need to ask me, I will always save you. You are my daughter, I love you, remain with the human woman."
"Who is that Alterra? She's talking to you, can you hear her? Who in the name of fuck is that? How can you hear her?" Patricia screamed, firing another arrow into the approaching nartain. She reloaded, shouting, "Fire at will," then screamed, "Spears to the front prepare to engage." 
The bright blue floresence of fear, characterised by electric sparks moving over Alterra’s skin began to dissipate. Somehow she was not as frightened. "Mother Solaria is here now! We are saved." she answered.
The assembled tribesfolk we're still terrified but obeyed Patricia. None of them had ever been in this much danger. The most aggressive battle in their lives had been with small dog-sized shrub pigs, back home, which were not in any way dangerous. Well, not unless you tripped over one.
"Patricia, good afternoon, I am Solaria.... "
"Who now? Well, Solaria if you can drop me an M60 and two boxes of armour piercing, I'd be eternally grateful, if not, get off the fucking air... Cuckoo to Goose, I'm still waiting guys?!?"
Solaria laughed.
"Well, I won't provide you with firearms, Patricia. But I will tell you that you will be okay. Regardless of what happens you should protect Alterra."
"Who are you? How do you know me?" shouted Pat, "Cuckoo to Goose, is that you guys, who is this? Are we compromised?" Pat then turned to her frightened line. "Spears tighten up, prepare for contact. CONTAAAACT!" Patricia screamed, as one of the nartain leapt forward, grabbing a bowman by the arm from behind her line of defence. The creature snapped its head back, flinging its terrified and hapless victim into the grass, where another pounced on him. Patricia grabbed a spear, running out in front of her line, she drove it deep into the creature’s head, twisting it. The animal died instantly and fell to the ground with a thud. She kicked its head off her spear and retreated but stayed in front of the line. "Protect the Kuriosa, no matter what. Keep the line tight behind me," she shouted.
"Help Me," sobbed Alterra.
One spearman, now terrified, made a break for the grass. A black body immediately emerged, biting him in two. A bowman, braver now, having both his monarch and a human order him directly, stabbed forward with his comrade’s fallen spear. He hit the nartain assassin in the chest, as it pulled pieces of dead spearman from its mouth. The nartain fell backward in pain. In one move the bowman drew an arrow from his quiver, took his bow across his arm, and aimed directly at the downed nartain. The arrow went straight through the animal’s head with barely the feathered flights showing. It stopped immediately, dead. The bowman moved back into the defence line.
"That's it! Outstanding, bowman, kill the fuckers!" shouted Patricia, "DO NOT break the line, protect the Kuriosa, ARE WE CLEAR?"
"CLEAR!" came a unified response.
Patricia took quick stock of the situation. Mint was okay with a bow, Zee was next to useless. She was also three personnel down out of eleven, including the scout, who was also pretty much useless. Actually, most of these people by her standards were pathetic, except for perhaps three.
She had seen this situation in battle before, but it was usually from the perspective of the nartain. If something didn't happen soon they were all dead. In the distance, perhaps half a mile away she heard a hunting horn.
'Arrrrooooooooo, Arrooo, Arooo arrrroooooooahh'
"They are here," sobbed Alterra "... the barge it is here, Marianne!"
Pat took up her binoculars and scanned the river. There, sure enough, paddling its way at a furious rate was the barge, its bow packed with tribesfolk, spears gleaming.
"We are moving out! Spearmen, keep facing the enemy. MINT! Get Alterra and Zee, take that guy there, and the scout guy, we'll cover you... run to the river...  GO, GO NOW!"
Patricia ordered the line to march backward presenting their weapons to the advancing nartain hoard as Mint grabbed Alterra and Zee by the hands. He rushed toward the river and the safety of the oncoming barge. Two tribesfolk and the scout followed, running behind. Pat could see one of the farmer’s carts in the field. The horses were being whipped by a stoutly farmer but they needed no such encouragement. They were wide-eyed and terrified, teeth bearing, and moving as fast as they could. Six farming folk hollering on the back of the cart pointed basic spears outward at the approaching nartain. The cart was heading directly towards her. 
"Mint, Mint! get onto the cart, get Alterra onto the cart, head to the barge! Do you understand? Alterra, LIGHT UP! Light up; show them you are the Kuriosa." 
"Yes, Marianne, Yes, we understand!" came the reply from Mint, Alterra began to glow bright bluish-green, with red overtones.
As the cart passed them, Patricia gave the order to break and run after it as fast as possible. The nartain all looked at the changing situation, one howled. In the field, there were rustles, the grass began to move as several lines, surely hidden nartain, began to descend on their position.
Pat of course could change her plans too, and she was expert at thinking on her feet. She decided to sacrifice her small, armed group as a target to the nartain. This would give Alterra more time. She would also start by making sure her defence line was attacked after she was attacked herself, this would give even more time. She turned to the tribesman she judged the best warrior of the sorry bunch. "You, keep running, get the Kuriosa to the barge, protect her, do you understand? I don't care if they slaughter every fucking one of you! Protect her!"
Patricia turned to face the oncoming nartain, spear in hand. She ran directly into their path screaming as she went. The first nartain that saw her was the largest at over 35 feet long. It pounced, driving its wrist spears into her chest and side, and attempted to bite at her face.
"Not so fast pussy cat!" she yelped as the pain shot through her. She lifted her spear as the animal bared down on her, and drove the tip through its neck, slowly into the brain, twisting as she did so. "Fucking like that, do you?"
She scrambled backward in terrible agony as the large serrated edges of the nartain’s claws tore at her rib cage, but the wounds on her side and chest closed behind, and the claws retracted from the dead animal.
‘That was painful’ she thought to herself. She leapt up, sore but flush with adrenaline, and saw another nartain heading through the grass for the road and the cart. She ran alongside it shouting to draw its attention. It peered through the grass with one eye but seemed to ignore the attempt at distraction. Then it changed direction slightly to avoid her.
"Fuck!" thought Pat "It knows I'm trying to stop it! These things are shit loads brighter than a dog!"
The nartain was faster, but also further away. Patricia ran after the cart, hoping to cut the nartain off before it reached its target or at the very least delay it until the cart reached the safety of the barge.
"Cuckoo to Goose, Cuckoo to Goose, anytime you like guys, in your own fucking time ehh?" 
"We are working on it, Patricia, the system is not letting us in, we don't know what's wrong yet!" came the desperate reply.
Doherty talked right over Sterling. "Do what you can to protect her, Captain. We are still trying to break into NEP, they are not playing ball."
Solaria laughed as Patricia ran through the grass. "Not really going according to plan today, Patricia, ehh? Definitely one of those days, hehehe!"
"Who the fuck are you? Get off this channel, how did you get in?"
"What do you think, Patricia?... anyway here comes another one to your left!"
Patricia turned her head to her left briefly. She saw the dark-black body of a nartain in mid-air flying toward her, its wrist spears extended, its eyes locked onto her face. She rolled quickly, jumped up, changed direction, then back on course. The nartain crashed into the ground behind her, also rolled, getting onto its feet, and immediately pursued her.
"What in the name of Fuck?"
"You're not the first person to assume my name is fuck, Patricia, Clever aren't they?"
Pat stared around her, assuming this interloper could also see her.
"Y'know when I saw these nartain begin to appear on Elysia, oh it must have been say eight million years ago, I thought they would end up going extinct. They were so clumsy and things were not going their way. But roll on an eon of a few million Elysian years, and they are hunting down the most effective, violent and dangerous predator on Earth for sport. How times change! But you are doing really well, Patricia; keep it up! Ohh, by the way... as they say in pantomimes... he's behind you!"
Patricia worked out that whoever this was knew all about her, Elysia, and her mission. The mission was infiltrated. 
"Goose, Goose this is Cuckoo we are compromised. Eagle in the nest, I repeat, eagle in the nest! Get me the fuck outta here!" 
She kept running and readied her spear. Then turning, she deliberately threw herself backward. The tailing nartain ran straight onto the spear, burying its thorax up to her hands, which were still gripping the handle. The speared animal pushed her along the ground, she could feel the friction and heat build up on her back. After ten feet or more, the nartain fell dead. It vomited thick, dark-blue and red blood onto her as it crashed onto her legs. The spear had snapped inside the animal’s chest. Pat got back up and, defenceless now, started running toward the cart again. "Goose, Goose, what the hell is going on? Why is there some idiot on the channel? Do something!" 
Pat heard Henry break in after a pause. "What idiot? What's happening, Patricia? We've lost you over the sssyyyt... stem 'CRACKLE' is with... a ... Alterra, copy? We repeat section one, section one, Alterra. Copy? Break the eggs, Cuck... break the eggs..." 
The channel went dead.
"I think that's enough of those guys for today. What do you think, Patricia? Do you really think you should break some eggs?" asked Solaria.
"Goose, Goose repeat your last order, you want me to neutralise her?" shouted Pat, ignoring the anonymous infiltrator.
"Neutralise her?" Solaria giggled "Neutralise? Is that a nice way of saying they want you to KILL her, Patricia?" 
Solaria waited for a reply but Pat ignored her.
"You realise I obviously won't be allowing that of course. But you my dear, have a lot more pressing issues right now!" giggled Solaria.
"Anyone? Derek? Goose? Control? Can anyone hear me?" She asked excitedly, but they couldn’t hear her. All of the panels in NEP and all of the power to everything had been cut. Every computer, every server, everything was powered down. 
Tuesday, September 17th 2043. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 51%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 49%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 37%.

NEP Building,
Frankfurt Germany.
During the Nartain Attack. 

 "Mr. Beirmann move away from the panel, we are taking over!" said Sterling putting his hand on Derek's shoulder and gesturing to a spot several feet away. Sterling took the seat in front of him. "Beirmann you are hereby advised that this is an official takeover of a commercial property under EU directive EC94234. You are hereby ordered to surrender this technology and provide technical assistance to our team as they carry out their tasks. You must comply. It is a legal obligation. Failure to do so will result in serious legal consequences."
The team were moved from their seats. Audrey returned, grabbing her handbag off the chair and looking angrily at the agent taking her seat.
"Erm... yes I understand, but you can't just walk into a private company and take over. That has to be illegal or something?"
"It's all perfectly legal, Mr. Beirmann," announced Sterling "Now, I want to drop a large amount of weaponry right in front of our operative. How do I do that? and do it fast!"
Derek stared at him, surprised that he even thought they could put weapons into Elysia. "Well, we don't have any weapons in our object library, we never had any. The Elysium is a peaceful civilisation. There are no offensive weapons other then Neolithic hunting things like bows and spears. Did they not tell you this already?" Derek looked at him puzzlingly.
"That is not what I want to hear, Beirmann. I want that woman on the screen there armed to the teeth or I want those black insect-panther things killed, show us how to do that!" ordered Sterling, utterly ignoring the reality of his situation.
Derek explained that they had spent three years in NEP just trying to control the Kuriosa, and even then, it had taken the introduction of a human from outside the system to have any control over her. They had no magic wand to wish the nartain away. It wasn't a computer game. If it were so simple, they would have simply pressed a magic button at the outset.
"Cuckoo to Goose.. weapons, weapons now... anything...! Bows, mark your targets... fire!" 
There were noises of battle emanating from the speaker, all glanced at the screen. One of the spooks observing the situation unfold turned to Sterling. "She needs help, sir, she needs help now!"  He beckoned Audrey over, as this was her seat. 
Sterling took Derek's headset from his head and placed it on his own, over his existing earpiece. 
"Goose to Cuckoo, we've got nothing, Patricia. NEP locked us out. We are preparing to take over inside the building. Stand fast, we are going in." 
Sterling turned to Derek. "Beirmann, it is an offence to fail to provide us with whatever technology or help we require. Now, tell me how to get those black things dead!"
"YOU CAN'T! It's not fucking possible, are you stupid or just deaf? If we could do that, then we'd already have done it, without you asking!" shouted Derek.
Patricia's voice re-emerged from the battle on the monitors.
"Who is that, Alterra? She's talking to you,, can you hear her? Who in the name of fuck is that? How can you hear her? Fire at will, Spears to the front. Prepare to engage."
Sterling patted Derek on the back. "Mr. Beirmann, Derek, that operative is a friend of mine, I've known her 7 years. If any harm comes to her, I will hold you personally responsible. How do we get her and her party to safety?" he asked, removing his glasses and looking directly at Derek.
"Don't be stupid, she's not in any danger, she's in a lab in Manchester" replied Derek, some of the NEP team shrugged. Mason made round finger movements to his temple implying they were crazy.
George came strolling into the office with his hand in his pocket, checking his phone. "He can't do as you ask, fella, he can't do it because the system was designed at the very outset specifically to ensure what you are trying was not possible. Ohh, I got a tweet!" announced George perfectly calmly.
"Dr. Morris, as I stated we need full compliance or else!"
George rolled his eyes at the spook team and asked one of the staff to get him a coffee, then pulled up a chair and sat down.
"Don't tell me, tell your boss in Langley. NEP security was designed with your help, didn't they tell you all this? That's the way it was designed. Even I can't do anything about this. Tough luck! The best anyone on Earth can do is sit back and watch. Even if we could drop a tank in there, and we can't, it'd be off by miles anyway."
Patricia's voice broke the sudden silence. "Cuckoo to Goose, is that you guys? Who is this? Are we compromised? Spears tighten up, prepare for contact. CONTAAAACT!" 
A clash of nartain and the small group was visible on every screen.
"They will be cut to pieces if we can't give them help, okay? So if I can't get you to help, I will literally pull the plug on the whole thing, are we clear, NEP guys? Prepare to shut this down, fellas." ordered Sterling, beckoning his team to shut Elysia down.
George rolled his eyes at the ceiling again.
"Fuck, you guys are dumb as shit. Normally I'd tell you not to try that, but hey, you'll ignore me right? Okay you go right ahead, this should be interesting."
Sterling ignored George as predicted and addressed his team. "Okay let's see if we can do anything, anything at all gentlemen?" 
"Barge less than two clicks out sir with erm... troops if you can call them that. Also 40 hunter guys with what look like bows and swords and fucking huge dogs, south of the field, running toward the sound of that horn. They'll make contact with the elk and nartain in maybe five minutes." Stated Audrey's shaded replacement.
"Cuckoo to Goose, Cuckoo to Goose, Anytime you like, guys, in your own fucking time, ehh?" Patricia seemed exhausted now, her voice was crackling.
"How do we get that barge downstream guys. Can we make any noise; or tell them? What can we do?" shouted Sterling.
"Yes, yes I can make a noise or tell them." said Derek, butting in.
"Do it, Beirmann!" ordered Sterling, getting up from the chair and pushing Derek into the seat. 
Derek took over the panel, and in front of the captain on the barge appeared a bright blue rectangle showing Alterra, cowering in the middle of the road with nartain all around her.
"She's in danger, can you feel it, captain?" 
"Power NOW! I can see Mother is in danger - it’s nartain, that's the fear we are feeling." 
The barge crew hurriedly descended the steps to their stations.
"Full power, get paddling."
The barge began to move ahead slowly as the giant wheels on either side moved, picking up speed.
 "Sound the horn, sound the horn" 
On the screen, the nartain were closing fast on the group. Alterra and Zee along with Mint and a few natives were clambering onto a cart with farmers helping them to board as it moved. The remaining spear- and bow-wielding tribesfolk were directly between Alterra and a group of nartain, but they were alone. Patricia was ahead of them, running directly into the path of a nartain matriarch. If she lost then the tribesfolk were surely dead. The tribesfolk had seen this too. Without their human commander, they made a break for it, running after the cart towards the barge.
Patricia and the nartain matriarch collided and a few seconds later Patricia stood up as the victor.  Seemingly she killed it instantly, and immediately identified her next target. As she ran back toward the barge, another nartain, hidden in the grass, leapt through the air onto her. She rolled avoiding it at the very last second. As the chasing nartain seemed about to catch her, she turned to face it, extending her spear. It landed on her spear dead.
"Fucking hell, Schooner, Outstanding, Outstanding" cried Sterling.
Patricia was now back up and again chasing the cart.
"Goose, Goose this is Cuckoo, we are compromised. Eagle in the nest, I repeat, eagle in the nest! Get me the fuck outta here!"
"Eagle in the nest, sir, the mission is infiltrated! " repeated one of the spooks. 
"Shut this down now, how do we shut this down, cut the power!" shouted Sterling. He turned and put his hand on the back of Derek's neck, moved his face to his ear, whispering sternly "Beirmann, we need to shut this down right now or you'll be enjoying your next meal in a cell, get it?"
"Goose, Goose, what the hell is going on? Why is there some idiot on the channel? Do something!" 
"What idiot? What's happening Patricia, we've lost you over the system, you are cutting out." 
Sterling paused, thinking things over. "Cuckoo, Cuckoo break the eggs. Over?  Who’s there with Alterra, copy? We repeat section one, section one, Alterra. Copy? Break the eggs Cuckoo, break the eggs..." The channel went dead.
"Egg breaking, ehh? I suppose if you want to make an omelette and all that!" George said, sitting back now and sipping on a coffee. Given his relaxed body language, he wasn't bothered by any of this. He had agreed to them entering the building, even taking over. He seemingly couldn't care less. If nothing else, it was creepy. Instead of anger or belligerence, George’s hallmark reaction, he just sat there, smiling, sipping coffee.
"Cuckoo, Cuckoo, section one, Alterra, over?" shouted one of the security team.
George interjected. "Again, she's not listening, fella. The system has now identified you as a threat. That's the last you'll hear of anyone in there until it removes you. It might even follow you home and kill you in a house fire! Be very careful starting your car, ehh?" he laughed, but he was far from joking. Then one by one the machines went blank and powered down in sequence.
The world had become accustomed to George's attitude but obviously not his objectives. All he cared about was Elysia and even now when it was in danger of being destroyed, he was acting as if they were redundant. The team of spooks began to feel that George probably knew something they did not. The power in the room went out, all the panels switched off.  Sterling's earpiece however was still active and he heard a woman talking, but he thought it was coming from Derek's headset.
"How dare you threaten these people, Sterling, she's no threat."
"Patricia, carry out your orders!"
"Sterling, I am going to warn you one more time, remove yourself from the building now!" responded the woman.
"Patricia, stand down!" ordered Sterling.
"What? No, you stand down!"
Sterling made hand gestures to his team. "Cuckoo is rogue people; shut the system down now, Morris!" He took Derek by the arm, placing his gun to his head. Confused, but obeying their commanders lead, the other agents pointed their weapons at the rest of the team.
"Right now, shut it the fuck down! Get it? You shut it down or I'll shut every one of you down," shouted Sterling at George.
"Ohh no you don't!" responded the woman in his earpiece, "I learned my lesson the last time humans did this shit!"
Sterling looked around the room and in the corner despite two handguns pointed directly at his head, relaxed and slurping a giant mug of coffee was Morris. George looked at him, lifted his hand, and waved bye bye gently. Sterling looked back at George very confused. 
A small round projectile passed through the window of the building and hit Sterling in the temple, passing through his skull and emerging from the other side. It then continued through the water cooler where the water slowed it to a stop and it fell to the bottom. Sterling fell over; blood oozing and spurting from both sides of his skull. The water cooler, with a small hole in its side, trickled water onto the back of his neck. Solaria would never again allow the needs of the few to outweigh the needs of the many.
"Sterling is hit, man down! Agent down!" shouted one of the agents. 
They all ducked behind assorted furniture.
"Sniper 5 o'clock" shouted one looking at the hole in the window and the previous location of Sterling's head when it was able to talk.
George was annoyed now, but only because he was finding himself yet again surrounded by idiots. He stood up, pointing at Sterling's body. "Look at the mess that bastard made on my carpets. That shit does not come cheap; I'll be expecting compensation from you idiots. Now, did I not tell you people that the security on this thing is built specifically to stop guys like you doing this? It sees you as a terrorist attack, and I can't shut it down!" George then got up from his seat and put his coffee on a table perfectly calmly as if this was just another day at the office.
"What? It kills people? Are you fucking crazy, George?" shouted Derek.
"It wasn't me, Derek. It was these guys. They outright insisted NEP was too high a risk and had me install this security. It's a military neuromorph; they even paid for it. Now look! It's ruined a perfectly good carpet!" 
He strolled through the room as if invulnerable to the sniper outside the building. "The funniest thing about all of this is that nobody thought it was of any importance to let you security freaks know about it, before you decided to threaten it." 
"It's a neuromorph?" asked one of the agents from behind a metal desk.
"It certainly is, a very fucking expensive one, with really big guns and shit! Now, one of you guys is dead, it's ruined my carpet, and it will target you if it gets a chance. Hopefully, it'll do that outside my building and I won't need to hire someone to clear your empty brains from my floor." 
"Morris, get down, you are in the line of fire!" screamed an agent.
George ignored the advice and looked at the agent smiling. Then he strolled over to the bullet hole in the window and poked a finger into it. "I'll be looking for your boss in Langley to replace my window too!" He wiggled the finger outside the window and pulled it back in. Then strolled back over to his seat and picked up his coffee.
"I'm perfectly safe, unlike you guys, I'm no threat. I'd suggest you stand up, with your hands in the air, or you won't make it out of the building alive."
Audrey immediately stood up and put her hands on her head. She knew what such a neuromorph was capable of doing.  If it were threatened, it would probably kill everyone in the building in seconds. She decided to tell it she was not a threat. Solaria ignored Audrey. The only thing Audrey was a threat to was the vending machine’s supply of jelly donuts.
"Guys, guys..." laughed George "Your buddy in there, Marianne or Patricia or whatever her name is, has no intention of killing Alterra, none at all, she never had. You don't think the system would allow her inside if she did, do you? Anyway, hands up I'd say, just a suggestion though."
Now that George had mentioned it twice, the entire NEP team followed Audrey's lead and stood up with their hands on their head, looking out the windows. One of the agents talked gently into his microphone.
"Control, this is Goose, man down, requesting extraction. Eagle in the nest. Cuckoo is rogue, repeat cuckoo is rogue."
Three agents in Manchester burst through the door of the lab, pushing Sang and his team out of the way and drew their weapons. "Mark and...fire!" shouted one. A volley of rounds pummelled Patricia's body as she lay defenceless, frozen in the scanning apparatus.  
All power was restored to NEP immediately after Patricia was shot. The panels all sprang back into action. All communication was restored between NEP and Schooner and from her CIA security team. Derek got a text from Sang in Manchester.
It read 'Derek, your government buddies just shot Marianne O' Neill, in the head several times. She's dead'.
Tuesday, September 17th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 65%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 35%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 39%.

15 Elarni Spring, River Nula
Elysian Year 3422.
509 miles W of Solus.
After the death of Captain Patricia Schooner.

Patricia was ahead of the nartain very slightly and it was a toss of a coin which of them would reach the others first. "Jesus, Goose, do something!" 
"Marianne? Is that you?" asked Derek.
"Derek, I've lost contact with my team. I need to get to the barge; you are under legal obligation to help me...do that now." Patricia jumped over a tree stump in the middle of the field as she ran, keeping her eye on another nartain now parallel with her.
"Erm... actually no, I'm not any more. Your friends are hiding under assorted tables and cabinets in the office here trying to avoid being shot. George just called Langley and told them from here on he does what he likes, and that laws no longer apply to NEP." explained Derek.
A younger agent tried to make a break for it across the office, jumping over his hastily-overturned defences, heading for the elevator. The neuromorph assassin defence shot him in the buttock, using the second buttock as a catcher's mitt for the round. He grasped his backside and fell over in pain, dropping his handgun. Another round then pierced the window and damaged the gun while it fell in mid air.
George laughed at the antics. "Oh that's priceless, shot right in the arse!" He took out his communicator and took a snap. "That's a moment to remember right there! I won't even sue you for bleeding onto my carpet! Now pick yourself up fella and get the fuck out of my building!"
Observing the action on the screen, Derek proceeded to fill Pat in on the events in the NEP building while she was out of contact. He finished with: 
"They thought you were the problem Marianne. They erm... shot you in Manchester... there's nothing we could have done. We tried to tell them. George and I both tried, but they wouldn't listen. As it turns out, I don't need to do anything you say, you are legally dead. In fact, right now, legally, since you have no contract with us, then you are NEP property! You belong to George!"
"Sterling is dead?" 
"Sterling is dead, Marianne, you are dead too!"
"I am dead? No, I'm not! I’m right here! " 
"I don't know why you are still alive in Elysia, Marianne, but obviously you are. However you are dead here for sure. Look, Sang is a doctor. He told me they hit you three times in the head. I'm accepting his diagnosis." 
"That's bullshit, where's the team?"
A voice broke into the conversation. "Control to Cuckoo, Patricia?"
Pat ignored Derek and turned to what she thought was the safety of her employers.
"Cuckoo here, Control. What the hell is going on, where are my weapons? Beirmann is telling me that you killed me?"
"Patricia? You were given an order. We have a recording of you telling Sterling you would not carry it out just before he died. We thought that... well we now think it wasn't you..., can you still carry out the mission?" asked Doherty.
Patricia stopped running and began to walk through the field. Somehow, whether Alterra died or was saved or alternatively needed elimination had dropped from a priority to a negligible concern. 
"WHAT? Did you kill me? Am I dead?"
There was a long pause while Langley tried to work out what to tell her. They thought killing her in the lab in Manchester would be the end of the matter. They had not expected her to take the matter up with them after she had died. Langley had never needed to converse with people they had assassinated successfully before. It was a new game for them. 
"Sorry, Cuckoo, that's been classified" was the unfathomably stupid response. The owner of the voice in Langley cringing, knowing it was the dumbest response he had ever given. Doherty was standing behind the team member rolling his eyes at the ceiling.
"Classified? Fucking classified? You think I don't have a need to know if I'm dead? Am I dead? Did you kill me?"
Derek broke through the clutter. "Marianne, Marianne, the nartain are descending on the cart. If they get there, Alterra is in danger."
"Fuck you, Derek, and fuck Alterra, fuck this whole goddamn piece of shit!" cried Patricia. 
She sat in the long grass and put her head in her hands. Langley had somehow screwed up. She was a corpse. She would never go home. This, for the next few days or so, was the only life she would have, and even then she was dead.
"Beirmann, get off the line, cease interfering. Cuckoo? Patricia? We're not sure what happened with Sterling or what's going on but we'll sort this out. In the meantime, you are still under orders, kill the queen, that's a direct order," stated Doherty.
"You are ordering a corpse there, control. If you really want to give orders to the dead, I suggest you dig one up! In the meantime go fuck yourself, and that's an order too!"
 Patricia was frightened now, probably for the first time in a decade. She was also mightily pissed off. The unknown voice came back now, talking gently to Patricia as she slowly pulled herself from the ground. 
"So Patricia, it seems you and I have one thing in common at least. Technically, I'm not alive either. Welcome to Elysia, Baroness Schooner. You seriously won't believe how fortunate you are."
George decided that since Langley was back to listening again, he'd give them a piece of his mind. They needed it, and he could very-much afford it. For some reason, they still thought that they could make orders or demands, even after he’d told them to fuck off! They were all as dumb as rocks! 
He strolled over to Sterling's body, took Derek's headset off it, then, plucking the microphone from Sterling's mangled skull, he wiped the blood off, using Sterling's tie and put it to his mouth. "Doherty, yeah I know who you are! From this point onward, I do whatever the fuck I like. Where this neuromorph might agree to stand down, when it sees surrender, I fucking will not. You have no dominion over anything I do from here; I'm revoking all communication with all governments from this point. As far as I am concerned, you guys are my bitch!  In other words, fuck off! If you come anywhere near me again, I will fucking bury you! You'll be the only full Colonel in the US army parking fucking cars!" snarled George and threw the headset over to Derek. "Get whoever does housekeeping around here to clean this piece of shit from my carpet, Derek."  He strolled back to his office, checking his twitter account. George would have made a great mortician.
	The cart reached the bank of the river where spear-wielding tribesmen were now flinging themselves into the water, wading ashore, and running up the bank toward Alterra's group. As primary matriarch, the captain's wife was desperately trying to get them to prepare for the nartain galloping across the field through the grass, their black bodies moving like shark fins through water. From the wheelhouse in the distance, she could see the Bartu hunters racing toward their position but they would surely arrive too late.
Mint was lining the tribesfolk up as he had seen Patricia do, telling those with bows to kneel behind the spearmen and wait for him to order them to fire in one go. Mint was by no means a soldier. The largest thing Mint had ever speared, apart from a nartain tail ten minutes previously, was a ripe glomfruit in his garden back home. The glomfruit had never put up a struggle, the nartain certainly would.
Alterra, hastily grabbed from the back of the cart by two spearmen, was carried off with her mother to the limited safety of the barge.
Then everything went quiet, a voice emanated all around them.
"My sons, my daughters, I love you, I am Solaria your mother. Protect my beloved daughter, the Kuriosa, Alterra. I will strengthen you with my light. You have nothing to fear, for if you fall in this field, your florescence will join me for eternity."
On hearing this voice, the spearmen and Mint began to glow dark red, they placed the butt of their spears in the ground and the metal spikes pointing outward toward their enemy. The bowmen glowed green and stood up, taking arrows from their quivers in unison, and loading them in one move. 
"Whatever you do, don't let them near the barge. Keep this line of spearmen, if one falls, another takes his place. Bows, prepare to fire." announced Mint.
A black body emerged from the grass perhaps 50 meters from their position. There was now just the road and 50 meters of short grassland between the group and the animal as it prowled back and forth awaiting its reinforcements.
"FIRE!" shouted Mint as 15 of the bowmen loosed their arrows in perfect unison. Most still missed but the bowmen were slightly better this time, hitting the nartain several times, it staggered and fell dead. More spearmen and bowmen joined the line and Mint began to get confused. He was not used to this. Nobody in Elysia, not even the Bartu, ever hunted anything using this sort of method.
The grass rustled again.
"RELOAD!" shouted Mint but most of the bowmen had already taken it upon themselves to do just that.
Through the grass, about 60 yards away, emerged, not a nartain, but the slender, agile body of Patricia, moving swiftly toward their position with an angry looking nartain in pursuit. "Fire at the nartain, Mint!" she screamed, "Get this bastard off my back!"

New Data collected - Probabilities reevaluated.
Schooner V1.0 online. Assigning child process status.
Applying command set.
Schooner V1.0 says: Command structure installed. Awaiting instruction set.
Probability of Successful Outcome. 75%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 25%

"BOWS, FIRE!" Shouted Mint.  Some fired, others did not, fearing they would hit Patricia, who was of course an Elysian in their firing line. One arrow went straight through Patricia's abdomen, she yelped. Two other arrows hit the nartain. The nartain stopped pursuing Patricia. It bounded backward toward the grass with an arrow sticking out of the top of its head. 
Patricia reached behind and pulled the bloodstained arrow through her back as she continued running. The tribesmen winched at the sight, one vomited onto another. Two spearmen in the front line fainted. They were unceremoniously dragged back, behind the line. Fresh spearmen arrived from the river to take their place.
Two other nartain who had arrived at the edge of the field peered through the grass at the large group of bowmen and spears assembling in front of them and slowly backed away to the relative safety of the long grass. They sat there, peering at the Elysian line, awaiting friends and family to back them up.
Patricia reached the group. "Bows, raise your bows.” She grabbed a bow from one. "LIKE THIS!" she shouted as she showed the bowmen what she meant. They were to aim their arrows at 45 degrees and fire blind into the field. 
"BOWS, FIRE!" shouted Mint. The bowmen didn't know why they were wasting arrows but they complied regardless. A volley of 20 or more arrows sped through the air in a high arc, falling to the ground. There was a hiss from the grass. 
Patricia walked along the line from behind them picking feathers from her navel.  "Did you hear that? They are in there, and they can see us.  Rip some linen from your clothes and tie them to the arrows, do that now, keep doing it, then give the arrows to the bowmen."
The spearmen complied, ripping pieces of cloth from their clothing and tying them to arrows. 
"LOAD ARROWS" Shouted Patricia as she walked along the front of the line, using the lighter in her side satchel to set fire to as many arrows as she could. 
"BOWS, FIRE!" Shouted Mint.
A huge volley of blazing arrows shot out from the assembled group and rained fire on the field. Most extinguished or petered out as they landed, but some remained alight setting fire to portions of the field. Patricia then added several more bows to her line.
"HOLD YOUR ARROWS THERE, DO NOT FIRE!" Again, she ran along the line, lighting the arrows.
 "FIRE!" she ordered.
The nartain turned in panic. With their superior eyesight and hearing, they realised danger of fire and death was near. They routed and ran further into the field toward the elk. The elk had stopped running by now and were trying to regroup themselves, forming small circles to protect their young.
Another volley of arrows followed, landing behind the nartain. The fire spread through the field with hisses and howls from the nartain as they ran straight past the astonished elk and kept running. The elk, seeing the smoke rise from the field, turned and followed the nartain. 
As the nartain reached the south end of the field they came across a large pack of 40 very angry, 5-foot dogs, some with metal canine teeth and sharp claws, all dressed in heavy armour. Along with the dogs, were 40 Bartu hunters, also bearing their teeth and banging their spears on the inside of their shields. The nartain didn't know what to make of it. What were these small black creatures and furry and metal animals? From the Bartu perspective though, they had been delivered a precious gift. A prey that was normally hard to find had run right up to them, with nowhere to go! One hunter blew on his horn, the rest along with their dogs attacked the nartain in unison.
The lead Bartu ran up the snout of one of the nartain without an ounce of fear, and screamed. "I am Gideon of Bartu and I come here to hunt, you came here to die. You are my prey!" He speared the nartain through the top of its skull with his spear. He left the spear where it was and ran along the nartain’s back as it collapsed. Drawing his sword, he jumped from its falling hulk into the air, and swiped at the antenna of another nartain. The second nartain turned its head to snap at him, but in doing so presented its neck to another Bartu. The Bartu hunter speared it almost incidentally in the brain and left the spear there. Pulling his sword out, he continued running right into another nartain, behind it.
Gideon landed back on the grass beside his comrade and threw his sword directly into the next nartain’s face, burying the sword to its small hilt. The animal collapsed. 
Without thinking, Gideon drew his bow from his back, a heavy arrow from his quiver, and shot another nartain through the eye, it too dropped. Now he ran at another nartain, bearing his white teeth, his eyes glowing bright green. The nartain were astonished at these small black creatures, throwing themselves wildly into their ranks, they looked around them as their comrades began to fall one by one. They decided to get the hell out of there. Whatever these little things were, they were dangerous. 
The nartain, for the first time in their life, were cornered. Their matriarch was dead now too, Patricia had killed her. They didn't know what to do, so they ran away randomly in every direction they could, chased by large packs of snarling dogs, hissing as they ran.
Solaria calmly spoke to Patricia, who was observing the Bartu through her binoculars. "So Baroness Schooner, you saved my children. I knew you would see things my way. Not planning on any egg smashing today I see?"
"Shut up!" replied Patricia.
Sunday, September 22nd 2043. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 75%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 25%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 41%.

39 Elarni Elysian Year 3422.
Barge docked at Randine Port.
280 miles West of Solus

Since her former employers had decided her services would no longer be required some days earlier, Patricia had made every attempt possible to ensure they were aware of her position on the matter. Despite their attempts to calm her all they managed to do was annoy her further. Langley's plan from top to bottom had not only failed, but if you were to write a long list of the worst possible outcomes, then the events after they pulled the plug on Pat would be right up the top of that list. It was as they say, a total clusterfuck.
The evening of 16 Elarni would be Pat’s last hours. After Pat was killed in Manchester, NEP had lost the ability to calculate exactly how long she might have left. If the same synchronization held, she had maybe 12 hours. She had accepted it, what else could she do? Pat spent her last hours on Elysia onboard the barge with Alterra, who tried to remain composed. Both of them had become close now, it wasn't fair.
The hour of Pat’s death came, and went, she wasn't dead. Another day passed and she was still alive, then another, and another. They left Randine for Solus, still Pat was alive and kicking. By day number 14, they concluded that Solaria would allow Pat to live.
Every step of that journey Pat and Alterra spent with one another. They weren't entirely sure if Pat would simply drop dead and Alterra wanted to enjoy every minute of Pat’s remaining life with her. But nothing much happened on that journey. 
From Langley's perspective, the plan had been a simple one. All they had to do was infiltrate NEP with operatives, find out how the system worked, and put an operative into Elysia with the objective of controlling the Kuriosa. Control of the Kuriosa was control of Elysia. If that was not possible, kill her and move on to the next Kuriosa, until one of them did what they wanted, then shut the door to other humans entering the system. All very simple. What could possibly go wrong?
Well, what could go wrong was that the entire world's security, intelligence and military organizations were operating under the impression that they could do something about Elysia or NEP. They were wrong. After 2038 when Solaria had concluded how dangerous humans really were, she had adopted a defence posture. The entire point of Pat Schooner was to add to that. Pat was now in Elysia but everything Pat knew was in Solaria.
Utopia had planted itself at the door, changed its name to New Elysia and it wasn't going to budge until it had swallowed up Earth’s dead and dying. Now it had armed itself with a trained assassin and her intelligence. That was Solaria's plan, and anyone disagreeing would be bulldozed out of the way. Elysia bothered many people who would prefer to die themselves, and remain dead forever, than allow one person into Elysia.
Langley’s 'Operation Birdnest' was a stratagem designed to ensure that everything that could go wrong with this Elysian dream did so. What was not considered was that the neuromorphic intelligence in Elysia known on Earth as Alterra Train was peanuts compared to the one that created Alterra along with everything in her universe.  
While Langley flapped about organizing 'Operation Birdnest' Solaria oversaw all. All of Earth’s governments, every phone call, every conversation, every netcast, every document, every whispered secret, every wink, every nod, she had eyes on everything. She saw what every person ate for breakfast in the morning. She could track it all back to where the great grandmother piggy of that bacon slice with their toast was born. 
To Solaria, this was a giant game of chess with a five year old, not even of secondary importance. She viewed the vastness of the outside universe as where she lived, where most humans merely considered their home, work and family. Only one player in this game was even aware a game was afoot. Only one player understood the rules. Only one player had any visibility on the end game. That player was Solaria.
From her point of view, a stadium packed to standing of our brightest minds had the combined conscious awareness and intellectual capacity of a chimp at best. So long as humans were no threat to her, she let them be, and ignored them. Those that did threaten her or her plans were dissuaded. She could disarm and dissuade them without them even realizing what was happening. She had millions of Elysian that were brilliant at this; it was her nature to avoid conflict first. Nevertheless, if push came to shove, with Pat's mind and training she could now organise killing them with heartless military precision. This is why she could not kill Sterling before Pat was inside Elysia. She could physically do it obviously, but she needed Pat’s mind inside her to give her the mindset necessary to go through with it. Pat was now Baroness Schooner, but also Security Child process Schooner Version 1.0. Pat was an upgrade.
When Solaria realised the Americans were looking for a way in, to get control of Elysia, she hatched a plan to avail of the upgrade in seconds. She realised there was a plan before the security system in Langley realised there would need to be a plan. She decided Pat Schooner would be an excellent addition to her defence strategy. She even sent Pat on missions, designed to train her, for a full year before deployment into Elysia.  Her plan was to copy Pat’s mind and then boot her live mind out of the system after a few days. Then she dropped hints to Janet Torvill, Audrey and Derek to make it so! She hadn't expected Langley to lose the plot and kill Pat. They really were mindless, violent idiots.
When George picked up the headset and told Langley where they could shove it, he knew that he was immune to any reaction. He could have told Doherty he would kill him, actually threatening his life. Solaria however would not allow George to carry out such a threat. Doherty was no threat. Earth itself was now no longer a threat.
To retain Pat, all Solaria had to do was show her what a beautiful and wonderful place Elysia was, that it really was a real world, with millions of real people, and with one particularly real person to Pat, Alterra. Solaria had determined a year before that Alterra was an almost perfect partner match for Schooner. Solaria knew it before Alterra knew it. She knew it before Schooner knew it. Alterra and Solaria would tug at Patricia's heartstrings. She would fail her mission, she would fall in love with Alterra, turn from assassin to lover and willing accomplice. 
Even so, it was still a game to Solaria and she had giggled when Schooner had disobeyed Doherty. She got very angry when three cold-hearted killers entered the scanning room, pulling out their weapons, and pointing them at Schooner’s defenceless body. "They killed her? Are they crazy?" she thought, "Ohh well, I have what I came here for, her mind."
Langley had not expected to see Schooner live any more in Elysia and certainly not past the eight-day window. They were totally gobsmacked that Morris still had total control over the NEP project. In fact, he had greater control now than ever! Plus they had managed to piss him off, and an angry Morris was a dangerous Morris. When he called Stefani, he wouldn't even talk to her personally. Instead, he left a message to be 'passed on'.
"Just tell her from now on you do nothing that will even slightly annoy me, or I will fuck you up! You might like to write that down, sweetie!"
Alterra and Pat, as predicted, had become attracted to one another from the outset. From Pat’s perspective, she might as well spend her last days with Alterra. From Alterra’s perspective, Pat was a nice woman. Even if she had been sent to kill her, Pat had refused to do it, so she wasn't that bad a person. They had a lot in common, even weaving, which they enjoyed together every evening. At least, that's what their 'free will' told them. 
As the days ticked by on Pat’s death clock, they became closer and closer, culminating on the last day in Pat and Alterra sharing the same cabin and bed. Alterra though didn't want Pat to die. She was terrified by it, but also held herself partially responsible. Most of all she held the humans responsible. They were meddling in affairs that were her concern. They had tried to assassinate the leader of the first non-terrestrial intelligence they came across. What sort of monsters were they? Derek had never told her that humans were violent megalomaniacs who enjoyed wholesale slaughter. Derek should probably have given her this information months back in her bedroom. Instead he fed her a line about how wonderful humans were!
The very last thing anyone expected was a threatening voice burst into the Whitehouse spelling out the goods and ordering them like children to simply 'fuck right off, or else!' It was not the voice of Schooner, or Beirmann, Morris, or even Solaria.  That eerie and livid voice was Alterra and she was mightily pissed off. Her last words on the matter were to President Stefani herself. Solaria allowed Alterra to take her vengeance and vile mouth out on the US President. That call occurred after Alterra reached Solus a week later with 30 tribesfolk and a family of Bartu in tow. It was coronation day and Elysia was the talk of Earth.
George, in his anger, had aired all the footage of the goings on since Pat had entered Elysia. The Americans protested at this, but seemingly, they couldn't do a thing about it. Now Pat was a hero on Earth too. Nothing, absolutely nothing governments did worked. In response to Doherty’s interception attempts, George had sent him a car park attendant’s uniform, which he had ordered online, suggesting Doherty try it on for size, and telling him again to get lost or it'd become his regular uniform!
Gideon was now also a big star of the show. What the hell was he? Aren't Elysians peaceful? How did such a violent group ever emerge on Elysia? Viewers had never seen the Bartu, they were all too busy looking at Alterra. Bias had stepped in even among the black population of Earth. They assumed that black people on Elysia would be less advanced than the other ethnic groups. They were wrong. Gideon was just 8 years old on Elysia, a young Bartu, yet the only nartain he had ever killed were to feed to his dogs. He made US Navy seals look like an angry mob of drunks.
Among the large parade, making its way to Solus, Gideon was also the brightest, excluding Pat, the best educated, and the most amiable member of the group. Pat was impressed with Gideon, so was Alterra.
"I have seen a moving picture book of your attack on the nartain, Gideon. Why do the Bartu leave their weapons in their prey? You could have used that spear or sword again!" asked Pat one night as they camped 100 miles or so from the capital.
"The Bartu mark their prey m'lady, all of our weapons carry the name of the hunter. We need to work out who killed what. We have dogs to feed, and we don't like arguments about who's prey belongs to who!"
"You might end up getting killed doing that, Gideon!" 
"That is unlikely m'lady!" stated Gideon, happily taking a bowl of vegetable broth from her as they sat around the Bartu campfire. Gideon's dog Kalli sat licking her lips and drooling, looking at Pat munching on forest elk steak.
"Your dog is a begging bitch, Gideon!" 
"She is, she will sit there staring at that meat for hours m'lady! She is pregnant, she needs to eat for six or seven!" he explained, laughing at Pat trying to avoid a two foot long snout drooling over her shoulder.
"I love puppies," said Pat, at which point tweets on Earth mounted up, discussing how a trained assassin somehow liked puppies. 
"It is unusual, they are hunting dogs, but we can all agree you are a hunter M'lady! I will sell you one when they are weaned. Ten shekels?"
"Ten shekels? Done!" 

Tuesday, September 29th 2043.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 75%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 25%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 41%.

1 Solarni Summer.
Elysian Year 3422.
Call from the royal throne room of Kuriosa Alterra to the cellphone of US President Joanna Stefani.
Pat and Alterra returned to the throne room, which was now almost empty apart from a few palace guards and Elysian staff cleaning up. Alterra sat on the throne and noticed there was nowhere for Pat to sit.
"Why is there only one seat, Pat? I can ask them to make another one for you." 
"It's a throne, honey, only royalty gets to sit on a throne... and I'm a lot of things, Alterra, but royalty is not one of those things!" 
"Well, we have a way of solving that problem here in Elysia, Pat. But before that, how do I talk to the president Kuriosa in the big white house?" Alterra fumbled about with Pat’s communicator selecting apps randomly and clicking on them.
"The president is not a monarch, Alterra. She's just a normal person. A president, but a regular person" corrected Pat, taking the communicator from her and loading the dialler.
"Okay yes, look it's making a blue light... it's sad. Poor communicator, it is all alone, Pat! No wonder it's sad. Can't we ask for a mate for it? How does the communicator talk to her Pat?"
"It's erm, not alive, Alterra... anyway, yes let's do this. Solaria, you heard the woman! Let's get this shit over with!"
"I did, I'm not happy about it, it will set my plans back a little. However, that woman annoys me, Pat, so I concur." responded Solaria.

New Data collected - Probabilities reevaluated.
Probability of Successful Outcome. 71%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 29%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 42%.

"Hello madam president-person, is that you?" asked Alterra.
Right now, 8 hours after the coronation, the netcast was down to a dwindling thirty million viewers. But the words "Hello madam president-person..." initiated a sudden spike! "Who is this?" asked Stefani.
"Hello, this is Kuriosa Alterra Train, you know me? Yes?"
"Who? How did you get this number? Security, take care of this..." Stefani handed the phone to one of her agents. Right now, she was in an important meeting in the Oval office with several key economists and the FED trying to save the dollar from collapsing.
All of the phones in everyone's pocket rang. Stefani realised this was Alterra. She looked at her entourage as they all reached for their communicators at once. She told them to ignore it. Every screen was broadcasting the call from the Palace with Pat and Alterra sitting side by side, and Alterra holding Pat’s communicator in front of her.
"Heeellllooo. Alterra talking to Earth, hello?" Alterra didn't know what sort of protocol was needed on a phone conversation. The call went viral on the spot across the world. Billions viewed Alterra about to rip large bloody holes in Stefani, and also almost completely ignorant of it. "Answer the phone president person, I haven't got all day. Unlike you I have a planet to run... come on, pull your finger out of your arse."
She wasn't aware that the President and everyone else could hear her. She kept forgetting that bit. Alterra thought they had hung up! With no reply, Alterra got annoyed and so did Solaria. In front of Alterra and Pat, a group of words appeared. Alterra, quite ignorant of what these were, read them aloud. "Ohh this must be to talk to the president... " she said to Pat, "Okay, Nuclear release codes. Alpha Foxtrot, Gamma, Nine Epsilon... erm... something or other? Aren't Nuclear things bad, Pat?  Is this important?"
Pat, realizing what the codes were, interjected. "Solaria what the fuck are you doing...?" 
"Ohh those things won't work anymore, Pat, I deactivated them all in 2038. In this case the President has no clothes, or weapons for that matter." 
Stefani picked up the phone. She didn't know herself what the codes were but she certainly was not taking the chance of having worldwide nuclear obliteration as an option on the table. Two agents rushed and opened the case in front of the president. This was standard protocol when a believable threat to nuclear security was established. They cracked it open and started to compare against what Alterra was reading out. “Yes this is President Stefani, who am I talking to?”
Alterra screamed down the line. She was very angry at having been on hold so long. 
"First, don't you hang up on me, or dare fuck with me again...you hear? ARE WE CLEAR?"
The phone call was now being broadcast worldwide on every single communications device in all languages simultaneously. Solaria had even increased the output of power stations to cope with the demand. From Boston to Beijing, the world was being entertained by a neuromorph reading the riot act to the last world superpower.
Pat was under the impression when she told Alterra who she really was, what she was, and what her employers had ordered, that it would be a shock. She was not prepared for Alterra losing her cool on the spot with her former boss though! Despite ordering the president to do as she was told, Alterra was getting no reply from her. Stefani was still trying to take in the fact that her entire security situation had changed from bullet proof to so vulnerable she would be safer crossing a river full of crocodiles dressed in a meat skirt! 
“Hello, are you there? Seriously, don't get me going!” 
“Yes, yes I'm here, I think you need to cool down a little dear, there's nothing like a discussion to clear the air!” Stefani was trying to handle things professionally, presidentially and remain in control.
“Ohh, great you can hear me," stated Alterra," that's great, no discussion, you don't get to discuss jack shit with me. I do the saying and you do the dancing, are we clear? The response by the way is 'Yes your Majesty! Not 'yes dear'.”
There was no response; she wasn't being forceful enough thought Alterra. Maybe the president was stupid, slow, or mentally retarded and couldn't understand what a direct command was?
“I'm sorry, again all I'm getting is silence. Can you put me onto someone higher up? Do you have a supervisor maybe?” 
Alterra was being serious. Since the US president was not biologically a leader, then someone higher up might be better. The Oval office was cleared of visitors but it did not matter. They were all looking at the conversation as they left on their phones and communicators.
Alterra didn't realise it but the entire world was gobsmacked. A character from a netcast show was treating the President of the US like a dull-witted customer support rep from a utility company. Alterra was getting away with it too because the codes she'd started to read out had been checked, they were accurate. By now, the president had been passed a note to explain this. Her face went from concerned to ashen and terrified.
Alterra, getting no response by barking commands, decided the president was possibly retarded, and that it would be better to talk down to her explaining what she wanted, as if she was talking to her dog, Cinty.  "I'll have to assume you are a little slow, or retarded, or something. I'm sorry about that. But I cannot do anything about you being simple or a nincompoop. So I'll talk slowly and that might help. Now... it works like this, and this is the only way it works, okay? You have one option in your bag of options. One is easy to understand even if you are retarded, yes?” She was now repeating herself in the same way Derek had repeated himself to Elysians for months.
The President interceded, “I'm sorry, can I ask that this call stop being broadcast to everyone?”
Alterra thought for a few seconds.
“Yes, yes you can ask… the answer is no! Now, where was I? Ohh yes, this is the way it works…”
The president attempted to interject again. This time Alterra lost it on the spot with her. Over the past few months, everyone just did as she said. Biologically she was a Kuriosa and nobody questioned the monarch or tried to interrupt.  
“SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU MORON!” 
Alterra coughed and recomposed herself and continued. “You living humans leave us alone. Do not fuck with me, Elysia is not your business, it’s mine.” she stated calmly.
The President was flabbergasted. A character, not even a real person, had called her to rip the head off her and was making demands and outright insulting her and her entire nation. The security detail pouring into the Oval Office, and all looking at this event on their phones, were now all staring at Stefani, expecting some sort of resolution. What could she do? She was powerless.
“Again, you aren't answering….” she stopped talking and turned to Pat sitting on the side of the throne beside her. “ ...is she a little slow or something? Do humans value stupidity, Pat?”
Pat broke down into fits of laughter.  “No, Alterra, she's just not used to being yelled at. Maybe you should be a little more courteous, ehh? She's a President, most humans don't bark orders at a President.”
Alterra went back to the president. “Okay, Pat tells me you're not stupid and to be nice with you so I'll take her word. However, that means you were deliberately ignoring me. I don't like that. Next time we talk I won't call you, I'll call to your house, you won't ignore me then I can tell you!"
Alterra told the president to keep her nose out of Elysia from now on or there would be a price to pay.  She was very annoyed that the president had sent someone to kill her, but she forgave her. Again, no interference or she would be extremely annoyed. Alterra wagged her finger furiously at the President, just as mother Aleena had often done when she screwed up!
Stefani stammered a little “okay” she replied, hoping that although this was giving in to what was essentially terrorism, it would at least ensure the crazy software didn't launch a nuclear strike on China or something. Alterra, however, didn't like people just saying 'okay' to her by now. The correct response was 'Yes your majesty' and she reminded the President of this fact.
The President acquiesced, "Yes your majesty". She was left with no choice, and Alterra wasn't letting it go either.
From that moment there was confusion not only in the United States but across the world's governments. This was clearly a very powerful medium and it was out of control. What could they do? 
Still unaware there was an overarching neuromorph, from this moment the Earth’s population began to look for answers. How could Alterra from the Internet be calling the US President? Why would she do that? What was going on? How did she get the president’s number? Why is Pat her best friend? How can a peaceful queen be the friend of a cold-hearted assassin? Does Alterra really have that much control? Like control of the US nuclear defences? Can't they just pull the plug? Does she lie? Or not? How could Morris allow this to happen? Is he mad or something?
Solaria was only interested in the signups now, it was her main concern. Everything else, all of Earth’s technology was now obsolete to her. Signups were not needed for processing any more either. 
After this though, NEP were now on everyone's hate list. Seemingly, George was not bothered. He still got his way. If anyone put obstacles in his way, they all seemed to magically fail or backfire, often comically so. He was surely the luckiest man alive, everything just seemed to go his way. He did agree to solve the 'Alterra' issue by simply speeding up time in the Elysian world. This was part of the plan anyway. Now with Schooner inside Elysia, NEP had first hand feedback on how things were progressing. Elysia was about to enter the digital age and at breakneck speed.
Tuesday, October 7th 2043

Probability of Successful Outcome. 75%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 25%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 41%.

1 Follisi Autumn.
Elysian Year 3445.

Kuriosa Alterra Train I 
7 Drurumi 3415 - 1 Follisi 3445

Slowly over the following Elysian centuries, NEP introduced new technology to the Elysium. The printing press, better farming techniques, science, technology, engineering. 
Derek calculated one day that it took him an hour to get home from work to his apartment. In that time as he drank a soda, checked the news and surfed the web on the train, Elysia would move on by five Earth months. By the time he arrived in work the following day, Alterra had aged visibly by 5 years or so.
During October 2043, Universities sprang up all over Elysia and the population grew. Rating figures hit a new high, as viewers looked at this startling advance online.  Within a week, NEP advanced Elysia by 70 Earth years, stopping it each day for feedback from Schooner.
One month on Earth was now 300 Earth years in Elysia. Pat and Alterra only needed to talk with NEP once a decade; the rest of the time was all theirs, so they made the most of it.
A month or so after they arrived in Solus Alterra married Pat, which was just a few minutes on Earth. Another year and she married her childhood friend Tanin. That was just two hours on Earth. By the time she was middle aged she had 3 wives, 4 husbands and 25 children. A couple of Earth days later, Alterra was a grandmother.

Pat never aged, not by so much as a second, but Alterra certainly did. Within six Earth days, by October the 7th, Alterra was old and on her deathbed. Viewers had seen her marry Pat just six days earlier. Now she was dying, of old age. She would have been 83 years old on Earth but was only 30 Elysian years old when Solaria came for her. Alterra knew it was coming and Solaria comforted her.
"This is always the way, my child, you are special though, very special. Audrey didn't make you, Alterra; she just thinks she did. I made you, and you can come with me now!" announced Solaria. But only Pat and Alterra could hear her. 
Alterra held Pat’s hand, smiling, then turned to her son, Tanin "You Are Kurio" she said, and she died. 
Pat was heartbroken, she begged Solaria to give Alterra back to her. Solaria explained that this was not something she could allow. Pat leaned over to kiss Alterra, but as she touched her, Alterras body turned to dust.
"All Elysians die, Pat, that's the way things are."
"It's not fair, how can I live forever without her? Give her back NOW!" demanded Pat, refusing to express her sorrow.
"This is the way things are in Elysia. You both knew this day would come. Alterra is with me now!" 
"Then let me join her, please?" 
"I'm sorry Pat, that's not going to happen either. I love you too."
Pat wasn't impressed. As a wave of blue florescence spread out of the Palace and across the planet, Pat walked off into the Elysian countryside. She didn't talk to anyone on Earth for 10 days. In Elysia 100 years passed during that time. She worked doing odd jobs, hunting and weaving mostly, trying as hard as she could to live a normal life. A normal life where she simply got no older.  
Finally, Solaria interceded and spoke with her, and she returned to the palace. Several elders met her in the throne room. This was a place, which she and Alterra had shared and held court. Seated at the end of the room was the royal family, her family. She walked slowly through the huge doors to her great grandson Kurio Tanin III. The first wife smiled at her as she approached and stood up, offering her seat, situated beside the monarch.
"Grandmother, you cannot leave us again," stated Kurio Tanin calmly as she sat down.
"That's a certainty, Tanin, my son, it's not possible for me to leave for a very, very long time, I'm sure of that now." She looked around shouting at the top of her voice. "Are you fucking happy now?" 
Her voice echoed around the palace. There was no response, but the others looked at her puzzled. 


Wood staining copied from the light image [photo] on the communicator of Doukissa Patricia.
From Left to right: Kuriosa Alterra Train I, udog Salaffii
50 Solarni 3422: Day of the Marriage of Doukissa SchoonDoukissa Patricia Schooner, Barter and Kuriosa Alterra.
Image courtesy of the Royal Art Museum Kreed. 

Chapter Nine
A Brave New World.
Friday 21st September 2018.

Probability of Successful Outcome. - 0%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. - 100%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession - 0%

Brain Scanning and Connectomics Research Laboratory,
Harvard University,
Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. 

Lewis Wilson had been diagnosed with diabetes, then lung cancer, and then COPD and his eyesight had begun to fail. As a scientist, he had spent his life working out how to halt, or at least defer, the symptoms of humanity’s myriad of old age diseases for almost 50 years. Now old and frail, with a growing number of those same medical complaints himself, he was strapped to what he knew was his last great throw of the dice in the lab.
In the practice of any science, Lewis knew that the first, second or third test would usually break down. There was always something identified in the test itself that included some form of bias on the part of the experimenter. There were invariably technical issues that became known during or after the test. Most times, it was some sort of contamination of the sample. Sometimes a host of issues would need to be eliminated one by one for the true data to be revealed. Oftentimes this might be ten or twenty or even several hundred tries before a 'eureka' moment.
This machine was not, he thought, inside the scope of a eureka moment. It would definitely be where his last moments in this world would be spent. His heart was failing now; his organs had already gone past the point of no return. His body was sacrificing them for a few precious hours of life.
And precious they were. His wife Martha, both of his children Melanie and Mitchell, their partners, Tony and Tina, along with his two beautiful grandchildren had turned out in Harvard to say their goodbyes to him.
His closest friend in life, Lee Glick, was beside his bed holding his hand. He was cracking witless jokes in a desperate attempt to try to cheer Lewis up, or himself up, or at least do something other than sit there in solemn quietness as many families did in these final moments.
Two medical doctors stood by in the control room. Their job was to officiate on the moment of death insofar as the law was concerned. In the case of this experiment, this would remove any potential criminal charges falling on the university, Dr. Sang, or his team.
The monitors at Lewis's request had been moved to the auditory void of the control room. Lewis did not want his last sound interpreted by his brain, to be the long, high-pitched monotonous tone of a monitor, as it confirmed to him his heart had stopped, and he was now 30 seconds from brain death. He knew he was dying; he didn't need a second-by-second comment on the situation, by a machine.
At 73, Lewis had seen many truly wonderful things during his life, he drew his mind back to the moment of his most beautiful sight. The day he met Martha in 1969. They were both in New York on their way to Woodstock.  Lewis had been enjoying some herbal refreshment, waiting patiently in the longest traffic jam he had ever seen. Lying in the summer sun, on the roof of his VW van, he was musing on the fact that this was how humanity would advance, peacefully. There would be no black and white, even if those crazy-assed crackers had a lot to answer for. Johnson was an animal. Yeah sure, he was all friendly and passed laws that helped, but he was forced to do that. It was obvious to all that Johnson was a racist. This new guy, Nixon, was worse, but as the saying goes, 'we shall overcome'. Dr. King had started that; he and everyone else would finish the job.
He heard a young woman's voice shouting on the road. 'Loose joints, rollup folks, loose Joints! Come and get 'em while they're not hot!'
Lewis sniggered...'over here honey!' as he turned around to see the most beautiful girl. She was tall, maybe 19 years old, and somewhat skinny, with a crazy almost unwieldy fro, that accounted for 60% of her head size at least. She wore dark-red lipstick, an Indian cloudband and an embroidered top with blue jeans cut at the knees and long black boots.
"I'm going to assume that these are not skimpy in the weed department sweetie, but y'know one day I'll be a scientist. So today I'd like to experiment with determining the potency of your wares, yes?" 
She raised an eyebrow and leaned on the front of the van, looking directly up at him. "Scientist? Who the fuck be hiring a brother as a scientist? You sure are a crazy nigga… I'm not sure you should smoke any more. Anyway, you don't have to buy 'em brother, but look, pick one and toke."
He pulled a joint from her hand at random and lit it. "Mmmm, fair enough, I'll take 10, have you got 10?" 
The memory faded and he could see the lights on the ceiling in the lab begin to fade too. "I was remembering when we met, Martha."
 "Woodstock?" she asked.
"You roll a great joint, honey!" 
Martha leaned close to Lewis now and kissed his temple. She was crying and Lewis could feel her tears trickle down the side of his head.
 "Who luvs ya baby?" she said,  gripping his hand a little tighter.
Lewis felt a sudden rush, like the wind in his hair from an open car window, but somehow like he was inside something, not outside. He could hear the words echo around him "Luvs ya baby....luuuuuvvvvs ya baaaybeeeeeeee........".
Beyond his vision approached a bright light and he thought he could vaguely see movement inside it. His last thought came to him. "I sure hope I'm not about to be the most embarrassed atheist I know."
"He's gone, Professor, you are okay to proceed." came a voice over the speaker system.
Martha, hearing the news through the speakers, broke down and fell to her knees on the floor, still holding her husband's hand. "No baby, No!" she cried.
Lee bent down and put his hands on her Shoulders. "Martha, it’s okay," he whispered into her ear "we'll go outside, okay? Let's not stay here now. We can see him later. After this erm... stuff."
Sang nodded to the control room and pressed the large blue button on his panel. Without warning, while the assembled family stood there, a robotic arm swung across the room and inserted a polymerized liquid into his head, drilling as it went, with a tiny 'brrr'. The tiny drill-head pierced Lewis's cranium and made its way beneath the duma into his brain. Several clicks could be heard as tiny bots moved into the syringes and were shot deep into his skull. Two more swung into action, analysing the opening of his nostrils, before shooting straight through them into his hypothalamus. Then another three drills sprang into action. all delivering a payload designed to polymerise Lewis's brain as fast as possible, to plasticise it at the moment of death. This process would freeze an exact copy, right down to the chemical signals as they traversed the gaps between synapses, at a resolution of less than 3nm.
Martha wailed as she was led across the floor of the laboratory.
"Lewis I love you."
Her son in law moved over and comforted her with Lee, as the machines ignored the family's immediate grief and spun furiously around Lewis's skull, looking for the easiest way to their target, some moving so fast they were a blur. Lewis's daughter, Melanie, held his other hand but he was gone now. "Pops?" 
A voice came over the intercom to the scanning room. "Process under way, preparing for scanning." 
Sang hovered his finger over the scan button, he wasn't prone to 'wishing' for things. At this point, he had thrown caution to the wind and crossed his fingers behind his back. "Good luck Lewis!"
Philosophically, the questions we should concern ourselves with, can now easily be confined to just two. Was Lewis Wilson dead? Well yeah, he was dead all right; he couldn't be any deader! 
But would he stay that way?
Tuesday 12th January 2044. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 80%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 20%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 42%.

37 Lucem. Winter. Elysian Year 3769.  
Keep Wilson.
1221 miles NW Mil.

Lewis passed out as he approached the edge of the blue and green light. It more than blinded him; it had utterly screwed with his head. He came back a second or two later, his thoughts had become elongated or something. He was looking at his own thoughts from the outside of his own mind. He was thinking as if it was someone else doing the thinking and he was a mere observer. Then he was pulled into the mind. He tried to stretch his arms out to grab something. "Shit I got no arms!" 
He heard a sudden thud and felt a pain move through his back, up his spinal column and down his re-emerged arms. A voice came out of the light, which was fading fast. Someone was still holding his hand. Was it the young woman he could hear? He felt a warm hand on his face, gently stroking his forehead.
"Lord Wilson, can you hear me? Lewis? Wake up, Lewis."
He was wide-awake all right, but pretending to be asleep. He wasn't sure what awaited him when he finally acquiesced to the request. The girl's voice was soft and tender, her hand still holding the side of his face. The pain was gone now, and he could think straight too. The morphine had worn off but somehow he couldn't feel the pain. He opened one eye gingerly and scanned his surroundings.
"There you are, Lewis! How do you feel, my lord?" 
But Lewis had opened the wrong eye so his nose was in the way and he couldn't see her.
In the corner, two younger men, one in his teens, were working beside a monitor.  They both looked at him. The young woman came into focus as he turned his head slowly, her beauty matched her voice. She was in her 20s at the most, slender, blonde, green eyes, weird-looking green eyes. She had an eerie light pink and red glow covering her skin. 
"How are we, Lewis? Can you hear me? Grip my hand if you can hear me, Lord Wilson."
Lewis gripped the woman's hand a little, but he didn't want to give these folks the idea he felt as well as he did. Where was he? Who was this?
"That's great, can you sit up, lord? Here, let me help you." The girl pressed a button beside the chair, and it lifted into an upright sitting posture. Lewis noticed he was still sitting there, looking at the world through one eye and he opened the other.
This world was bright, brighter than the lab. Where did the lab go? 
"See, that's not too bad, now is it? Meela can you get me Derek Beirmann. Lord Wilson has arrived."
A voice emerged into the room from who knows where. "Lewis, can you hear me?" asked the man's voice.
A large blue rectangle appeared in the middle of the room, slightly thinner than a regular doorway, and an older man, maybe in his mid 50s, walked through the blue light into the room. "Hi Lewis, my name is Derek Beirmann. I notice you haven't said anything yet, can you talk?" 
The man approached him slowly, Lewis reached forward to shake his hand. Derek ignored the gesture. It would not be possible for his holographic image to shake hands with Lewis. Lewis hadn't really taken notice of himself, or his own body. He noticed that his hand was most certainly not the hand that minutes earlier had been holding that of his wife. It was definitely younger.  His panther tattoo on his wrist was gone too. What the fuck? He took the hand back from Derek and put it up to his face, examining it. As if he'd just been the recipient of a robotic arm, he moved and wiggled his fingers.
"Okay Lewis, Dr. Wilson? Hello? We need to hear you say something. Can you tell me what day it is?" 
"It's Friday, I think. I dunno, is it still Friday?" 
"No, Lewis, it's not Friday, but it certainly was when you were scanned so that's that out of the way. Can you tell me what two plus two is?"
"Ohh I dunno, buddy, that's a hard one. Five maybe? Maybe a hundred and five? Who's to say? Where is this place?"
"Can I assume you are being cynical there, Lewis? I need an answer to make sure you are, well you know, all here!" Derek pointed to his head.
"Ohh, sorry, yes, it's four, and the distance between glial cell synapses at a junction is 3.5 nanometres... that okay for you? Are you a doctor?" 
"Glial cells? I didn't know that, you learn something new every day, Lewis, ehh? Nope, I'm not a doctor. Your needs for a doctor, Lewis, are well behind you now! " Derek was examining what looked like an avatar of Lewis on his tablet.
"Today I learned I'm dead, I think? Am I dead or what?"
"Ohh you are most certainly dead, Lewis, dead as a doornail. You, and most everyone you ever knew are dead." Derek examined Lewis as if he were some sort of new equipment that had arrived by UPS.
Lewis turned and looked from a huge plate window. The building seemed to be on some sort of mountainside or something. Before him, as far as he could see, was lush green forest, covered in snow, and in the sky hung three large moons. It was almost midday, judging by the angle of the sun and he could vaguely make out small buildings in the valley below. It looked like some sort of 70s fantasy album cover or a winter wonderland or something. "Can I ask you, erm... what did you say your name was? David? Erm? Just wondering, cos like, this wasn't, as far as I know, part of the deal? But where in the name of fuck am I? Hold on what do you mean EVERYONE I know is dead?" 
"It’s Derek, Derek Beirmann...Ahh yes, 'The where am I?' question... okay I'll sort of go slow." 
Lewis had not known anything about Elysia before his death. When Lewis died in 2018 Elysia wasn't even designed to the level of a single image yet. The entire universe he stood in wasn't even a notion in the mind of its creator. In fact, the creator of this universe’s creator was in Singapore getting drunk at the time, and later would get into a fistfight.
"So first off, on Earth it's now 4:30pm on Tuesday, the 12th of January 2044, Lewis. You've been away rather a long time, I'm afraid."
"2044! 20 .... 44! Didn't we all think that at most this would be maybe a year or two? Guys I'm a century old next year?"
"Well, Professor Sang didn't have the technology for that in the 20s. We did activate your mind back in 2032 for about ten minutes. You might not remember that, but we did get your last thought. It's our unofficial company motto now!"
"Jin-Ho Sang? I know that guy! He never told me this was what would happen!" 
The blue door opened again and Jin-Ho walked through the door.
"Hi Lewis, speak of the devil ehh? long time no see! Can I assume, atheist or not, you are not that embarrassed now?"
Lewis laughed; to him this thought was only a couple of minutes ago. Again, he held out his hand and raised his arm to pat Jin-Ho on the back. However Jin-Ho just smiled.
"Sorry, Lewis I'm afraid we are just images. I'd really love to give you a big hug, it's been ages friend, but you'll need to wait until I die for that! No offence, Lewis, but I'd like to ensure that's as far in the future as I can manage."
Lewis acted as everyone does when seeing a sign that states 'WET PAINT". he tried to grab Sang. His hand went straight through the professor and out the other side. Astonished, he peered at Sang. "Shit... you got real old, Jin... like in ten minutes you fell apart. You have to be older than me!"
"Well, no I'm not, but yeah thanks for the vote of confidence in my longevity there, Lewis. I see you haven't lost any of your bedside manner! Truly lucky you never decided to be a general practitioner. I think the world of medicine has had a lucky escape there." 
"Shit man, where the hell am I? Who's dead... Martha, where's Martha? Why isn't Martha here? She'd be nearly 100 by now."
"Martha is erm...  well, she's okay, well, she's 98.97% okay, last check, Lewis." 
Sang went on to first explain that Martha had died 13 years ago and then explained Elysia and the Elysium to Lewis. He left out a few bits that were maybe a little problematic, and often Derek butted in with little additions to the story.
"So this lady, erm... What's yer name, honey? She's one of these Elysians yes?"
"I am Preeda, m'lord. I've been sent here by the Elysitite and our Mother to help welcome you to Elysia. You are the first lord after Doukissa Patricia, Do you know her?" She bowed briefly.
"Okay, this is going to take a liiitttle gettin' used to, fellas. My wife is dead, I am dead, even my dog is dead! Are my kids alive? I’m talking to a woman that flashes on and off.  I'm starving too, is there anything to eat in this place? That's another thing… why am I goddamn hungry? If this is where you say it is, how can I be hungry?" Lewis kept firing questions. There were many more piling up in his mind.
"Well, you like eating, Lewis; you think we'd deny you a nice plate of fatty ribs or maybe a spag bol from Lucianos?"
Preeda flinched and made a funny face at the mention of ribs, but she had no idea what a spagball was.
"Right, this place is a hospital or something, yeah?”
"Well, actually no, this is a place we call a lord keep. It's sort of like a castle that humans live in here on Elysia. You can thank Mitchell for a lot of the things you own here, like your Fender acoustic over there, your vinyl record collection, he had us scan tons of stuff!" 
After Lewis died, Mitchell, like any son, was distraught. He turned his mind and later his bank balance to accepting his father might one day be resurrected. He had read that sometimes folks in the past would bury their dead with things they owned during life. After NEP bought GehinScan and announced their plans for it, he suggested to NEP that if they can scan a human brain then surely something like his dad's guitar shouldn't be an issue, so he had paid NEP for Lewis's favourite things to be scanned. The keep was full of things Lewis had collected during his life. Lewis would have preferred his collection of insects to his gold pen. The problem from Mitchell's perspective was that it cost more to scan a bucket of beefsteaks than a bucket of diamonds. It was all down to the size of the object and its detail. Pure carbon lattice of diamond–very easy and cheap. Conversely and paradoxically a complex thing like steak, made of cow flesh, well that was really difficult and expensive!
In the valley below Lewis heard a bell tome, followed by another a little more distant, then another further away. A cacophony of what sounded like church bells seemed to waft across the valley and over the hills. "Church bells? Don't we all think it's a little too late to be considering an afterlife here?"
Preeda laughed, "erm...no lord, the bells are to signify your arrival. Welcome to Elysia, my lord and happy birthday." 
"Birthday ehh?... Derek, ribs you were saying?  Like real ribs?"
A young Alsatian entered the living area with a ball in his mouth. He looked around sniffing, his head cocked to one side when he saw Lewis. Lewis was flabbergasted, he recognized Bobby immediately but the dog looked confused a little. Then dropping the ball Bobby bounded toward his master, his tongue hanging out of his mouth, eyes gleaming and tail wagging.
"Ohh yeah the dog, forgot about the dog. Martha had him scanned when he got old, although he's not looking too old now."
Lewis wasn't listening, he was too busy greeting his dog. "Bobby, good boy, who's a good boy? Will we have ribs, fella? Would you like some ribs?" Lewis grabbed his pet on both sides of his head and scratched both of his ears together furiously. Bobby was ecstatic, desperately trying to lick and jump up to his master. Lewis didn't know it but Bobby was the beta test. NEP had accelerated time a little to test Bobby was stable. Bobby had actually experienced almost a year in Elysia. "Ribs, fella, ehh? Ribs...? ". 
Bobby ran over, grabbed his ball, bringing it closer, and then let it fall and roll toward Lewis, barking loudly, utterly ignoring his assigned Elysian playmate and her dog, Spinky. Spinky looked around confused at the goings on.
"Right so, Martha? Where's my wife, guys?" asked Lewis.  
Sunday March 23rd 2031. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 15%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 85%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 0%.

Kreeson Road,
Philadelphia 
United States.

Martha Wilson was 83 years old when she died after a painting accident in the garden. She was trying to paint the top of the fence with a small stepladder when the legs of the ladder sank in the sodden earth. She was slowly impaled on the rails for over an hour, screaming in agony while all of her neighbours were in work. At 3pm, a local teenager heard her calls for help behind the ferns and investigated. He called the emergency services and they contacted Melanie, her daughter and next of kin.
It was a long and very painful day for Martha. Finally, when her daughter arrived in the hospital, she was barely alive and unconscious, having lost a considerable amount of blood. Communicators had not been invented yet so nobody, not even NEP, were aware anything was wrong. 
She was rushed to Thomas Jefferson hospital in downtown Philly but Melanie had utterly forgotten the protocol when her mother was near death.  So again, NEP was not informed and knew nothing. Solaria saw Martha being rushed on a trolley into the A&E and accessed the admissions records. She dispatched a small, local team, complete with portable scanner to the hospital rooftop by chopper. The NEP staff informed Melanie that Martha would most likely remember the events of the day, as if she had survived.
The scan was carried out there and then in the emergency room while doctors tried to revive her. It was too late. She was also the very first person worldwide to have a live scan taken of her brain. All before her had been scanned at the moment they died. In Martha's case, she was alive for a full hour after her scan.
Martha Wilson died at 7:25pm on Sunday, March 23rd 2031. It would be 13 years before she and her beloved Lewis were to meet again.
Tuesday 12th January 2044. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 80%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 20%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 42%.

37 Lucem. Elysian Year 3,769. 
Keep Wilson.
1221 miles NW Mil.

Martha woke up suddenly after the rush. She gasped another breath through the side of her mouth, desperately trying to work out how she could survive the trauma the iron fence was inflicting on her chest cavity and internal organs. Try not to move, that’s what Lewis would have said, don’t move. How the rail had managed to miss her heart, as she slowly descended was a small miracle in itself. The pain was still in her mind. Then suddenly she realised she was alive and no longer in pain. What was that? Did it subside? Nope, ohh no, that’s not pain going away slowly the way it does. That’s pain up and outright vanishing. Now too, even the thought of pain, that began to go too, it just dissipated in her mind’s eye. She felt great! Where was the fence? No, they came, that young man found her. She could remember the lights of the ambulance, they came, she was saved, where was she now?
"Baroness Wilson? Can you hear me Ma'am". A young woman was holding her hand, just as she had held the hand of her husband earlier that day. "M'lady, can you hear me, my name is Preeda. You are okay. You have had a bad accident. But everything is going to be okay.  Can you hear me?"
Martha slowly came to her senses and sat up in the bed. Pushing herself back she realised her eyes were closed. She opened them and looked around. "Where am I? Are you a doctor? How long have I been out? Is Melanie here?" she asked and waited. She was lining up a few more questions for this woman, she didn’t look like a doctor or EM worker though.
"Melanie Wilson is waiting erm... outside ma'am. I'll bring her in shortly, but you need to talk to Professor Sang first." announced Preeda.
"Sang? What the hell has Sang to do with anything?" asked Martha, sitting herself upright more and wondering what exactly she was doing in what looked to her like a half-finished dentist’s chair. Martha hadn't heard from Sang in over a year. The last time she’d heard from him was when she received a card the Christmas before last, an NEP Christmas card, but at least it was handwritten. Sang came into the room, and walked toward Martha. She’d get to ask him anyway because here he was. Wow, Sang looked wretched, what the hell had happened to him. Okay, it’d been 9 years since she saw him in person, but he looked really old. Martha also recognized the official looking lab coat and solemn look on his face. It was the same look he had that terrible day when Lewis was sliced and diced for the good of science. A realisation came to her suddenly—feeling better than ever? Not even those ankle pains from the arthritis? ‘I’m dead’ she thought briefly, ‘Ohh fuck!’
"Hi Martha, how are you feeling?" asked Sang as he stood beside her.
"I'm super, Jin, well actually, I'm not super, I'm dead, right?"
Jin nodded affirmatively, "You know, Martha? How did you work it out?"
"Well, I have no pain, Jin, I just had my mind pulled through a cheese grater, and of course I should have a hole the size of a doorknob in my chest right now. Plus, this woman beside me is glowing; you don't see that every day!" Martha motioned to Preeda who just smiled.
"Okay, so look, as you can see you are certainly the same Martha Wilson.” explained Jin-Ho, “But just for the next minute or so, while you are settling in, so to speak, I want you to try relaxing and taking things in a little." asked Sang, more interested in the fact that this was only the third human being to be resurrected in silicon. There was a probability that some of these stored copies of human minds just might not work, or might not work with their new body, or might emerge screaming in absolute agony. Sang liked to keep the odds of the last of those to a bare minimum. Jin-Ho considered slowly as he observed that Martha was not going to suddenly start screaming in terror and agony; however it was also a relief that she had already worked out the bad news on her own. "So look, here's the good news... " he announced, smiling after satisfying himself that Martha was stable. He waved his hand at the wall. A blue door opened and Melanie stepped through along with Mitchell and a young woman, maybe mid-twenties and a young man, maybe 30, holding a young boy, 4 years old, in his arms.
 "Mom!" she exclaimed, running to her mother's chair. "Mom you look like... young! Real young... Hell, you look young enough to be my granddaughter." 
Martha tried to put her arms around her daughter but her body moved straight through her like some sort of hologram.  
"It’s okay, mom, can you hear me?" asked Melanie.
"Ohh I can hear you, hun. You look strange, are you going grey?" asked Martha, trying to touch Melanie's hair a little, but again the laws of physics were not exactly as she expected.
"Well, I'm 62 now, mommy, so it happens, y'know! Look here's Tony, and Tony Junior... and Little Toya... all grown up now."
Toya wiggled her fingers at her Grandmother who she could barely remember. 
"Toya was just seven that day, Mommy, so maybe she can't remember." started Melanie a little frustrated that her mother looked so real, half sitting in this black leather chair thing, yet she couldn’t touch her. “It's not done very well, Mom, We can’t hug…” started Melanie and she began to cry. Her husband, Tony, held both her arms and kissed her head, hugging her. “It’ll be okay baby, these guys work it out someday, okay? But that is… yo-momma. “ he looked over his wife's shoulder at the perfect simulacrum on the chair in front of him. “Holy shit, Martha, you look like a teenager, You look the same age as Toya!”
Sang signalled to a group of Elysian girls dressed in costumes on a makeshift stage on the balcony, each standing in front of a retro 60s microphone.
 "Okay Martha, this was definitely not my idea, but we have another little surprise for you!" he said smiling. Martha looked at the assembled Elysians who started to sway as Sang interjected beside her. "Martha, I'd like you to try to keep calm." and he winked.
Through the door to her left came a young man, large 70s-style fro, tight beard, wearing a 1970s sweater, leather jacket and sporting the most distant memory she had of flared jeans. He walked over slowly, holding his replica luger at waist level. Martha could hear one of the most familiar movie theme tunes she knew playing in the background. It had a long intro and this familiar young man was making the most of it too. He continued to do all his greatest 70s moves to look as cool as he could.  Isaac Hayes’ masterpiece of Afro-American manhood was blaring in the background.
The young man approached her and started to repeat the immortal words that had become their favourite tune together. Lewis spun on one heal, taking off the dark shades and shooting the luger at the wall.
"Who's the black private dick that's a sex machine to all the chicks?" he asked. The Elysian ladies arranged in a line in the background announced "SHAFT!"
"Ya damn right!" answered Lewis.
"Who is the man that would risk his neck for his brother Man?" 
"Shaft!"
"Can you dig it baby? Who is the cat that won't cop out? When there's danger all about?" 
"SHAFT!" 
Lewis finished "Right on!"
"Lewis, LEWWWIIISS oh baby is it you? Shit baby you lookin fine... "
Martha's eyes were wide open, her pupils dilated to full. She jumped off the chair and ran to Lewis. Then she stopped as she got closer and slowed. She wasn’t sure though, Melanie couldn’t touch her, was this Lewis? What if? She reached out and Lewis took her hand. She didn’t pass straight through him. 
Tuesday 15th January 2044. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 80%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 20%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 42%. 

39 Lucem. Winter, Elysian Year 3769.  
Keep Wilson.
1221 miles NW Mil. 

A day or two passed with Lewis and Martha simply taking it all in. They were alive. The grass was green outside their porch, and ran for miles across the frosted winter valleys and hills. Bobby was, well Bobby. He ran about with a new fascination of large glowing brightly coloured insects, which he endeavoured to snap and eat at every given opportunity.  Bobby certainly wasn't able to reason what had occurred. He simply woke up, after a nasty visit to the vet.  His long lost master and friend at his side now, all was well from Bobby's perspective.
The Elysian staff ran about doing whatever it is they were told to do by NEP management. For the most part the Wilsons ignored them since they had not yet come to terms with the idea of these folks being another species, or alive, whatever that now meant. Lewis was relaxing on the porch that overlooked the valley below. Small houses and hamlets dotted the area. Below them in the wide valley, the town of Wilsons Rock was visible. 
"So look, honey”,  Lewis started “the Elysian folks are nice and all but there's something wrong here and I don't need to tell you what that is. They do what we say, but they do it as if we really are their masters. We are not slave masters! We have to do something about them."
It was late in the Elysian evening as they sat awaiting Franklin Silvers, their attorney, who they had last met many years ago, well Martha had. Lewis was too ill at the time to remember Franklin and was too dead to remember any subsequent meetings.
"I talked to Preeda about this yesterday, babe, and asked her what she thought.” Martha sipped from a glass.
“..And?” 
“Well you know, to find out if she thought she was a slave or that we were her masters?” 
“Get to the point honey!” He was getting a little agitated. Lewis joined the Panthers in '71, he was a prominent and outspoken advocate of black rights in Philadelphia. To him the idea of being a slave owner, or anyone being an owner of anyone else was anathema.
Martha laughed. “Y'know, baby, she doesn't look at it like that at all. She can do as she likes, evidently she married with children and her erm, I dunno, husbands?”
“Husbands? Like plural husbands?” Lewis looked at his wife, astonished.
“Ohh, yeah, husbands. One of them is the town doctor down there. Dr. Pinty, Pinyard, or something? I'll tell you about what I found out there later, they are definitely not human that's for sure.”
“Okay, the suspense is killing me babe…" he responded, taking the last swig of his beer bottle and changing the topic. "There are like fancy cars outside the house, did you see that?” he asked, throwing the empty beer bottle over the balcony and opening another.
"Ohh I did, and guess what? Those are ours! Nobody even told me until I asked." She reached over, took a book up, and showed the cover to Lewis.
Lewis sat there staring at it. "What the hell is that? Are you reading those romance books again, baby?" 
"Ohh no, hun, it's a history book, sort of.  It's called 'Eating Human Cultures' by an Elysian guy from hundreds of years ago in their history, a guy called Markilc Seldre. It's about what Elysians are in relation to what humans are.  I dunno who the woman is; didn't get that far. I think she was a princess or something. I only read the prologue and the first chapter so far. Honey these guys are no slaves from what I see." 
"Why is it called Eating Human Cultures?" asked Lewis, taking the book off her and reading the back cover.
Preeda had arrived on the balcony to give Lewis an update on the status of dinner. "Seldre is a very great man in Elysian culture m'lord. He spent a long time talking with Doukissa Schooner, and his philosophy was incorporated into our own over many centuries. We can't be humans, but we can certainly take all the good bits of your culture. The kitchen told me dinner is at 29pm is that okay?" 
Lewis nodded, turning his head to Preeda who stood there with a bottle of beer in her hand, suggesting she would fill the glass she had brought with her. He wouldn't need to drink from the bottle. That way he wouldn't throw the bottles over the balcony...well maybe! "So like this Seldre guy, he was like what?  A Greek philosopher or political guy like Karl Marx or something?" He was suddenly interested in the Elysians. They were now writers and had an independent philosophy and probably politics and history of their own. 
"Well, I know very little about Earth, m'lord. I've never heard of Karlim Arx? From school, I remember that Seldre explained humans as being violent on their own planet, which is alien to us. But humans are also inventive. So all we have to do is ignore the bad bits and accept the good bits. But we can never be humans. We are not that compatible." 
Martha butted into the conversation. "Lewis honey, from what Seldre said it's not in the Elysian’s nature to be human. They literally don't understand the concept of freedom or servitude. They never had anyone tell them to do anything they disagreed with!"
"That's the way things are, m'lord. " added Preeda "We and you are both part of the Elysium now. I can only be Elysian, and you can only be human. I do as you command, that is what Solaria gave to us, and it is our nature. But you cannot ask me to do what is not in my nature to do."
“Come again?” asked Lewis.
Preeda tried to explain it a little more directly. "Basically M'lord, we are not slaves. We as Elysian always obey the law, and our law is a biological instinct. The law of the Kuriosa is always right. We always feel the right thing to do. Humans do as they 'please' which is different. Together we are balanced in the line. We compliment the Elysium. This is what Seldre said." Preeda filled a glass, and put the bottle and glass on the table.
Franklin Silvers entered the living area and casually walked into their view, waving a tablet in the air, as he sat politely on the sofa. He opened his tablet. Martha and Lewis gestured him out onto the balcony.
"Martha, it's great to see you again, I think? I don't know? This is weird if I'm honest! I was 30 years younger than you were when we first met in 2015. Now, you are 30 years younger. Anyway, look, I won't delay you, but I wanted to give it to you first hand. Wow that's some view!"
"Fine, Frank, how are we doing?" asked Martha.
Franklin started his explanation in lawyer and accountancy speak.
Lewis cut him short. “The figure, Franky, let's have it? Can I afford all this shit? Or will Martha be back sellin' loose joints in that town down there?"
Franklin answered abruptly. "One point two in total guys... your kids got three point four in inheritance after everything was sold."
"We have over a million dollars? Like for real?" asked Martha incredulously.
Derek came into the room holding his tablet and pointing to the swing sofa. "May I?" he asked. 
Derek had made an appearance the day before to explain to the Wilsons where they were. He gave them access to the netcasts visible on Earth as neither of them had seen Elysia before their arrival. They had been in Elysia however only 56 hours at this point so that was only one night and day in Elysia. They were by any measure, strangers in a very strange land. He'd left them with an introduction pack. They had thumbed through it, but neither of them had taken the time to read it. There was simply too much to do, and a lot of their time was spent online, chatting to their kids, grandkids and friends. "Sure take a seat, Derek," motioned Lewis, offering him a beer, before realising Derek couldn't drink beer in Elysia. So he pointed the bottle at Franklin instead. "Franky boy here is telling me I'm a millionaire. Franklin, my fine man, do continue, I gotta hear this."
Derek sat down waiting for Franklin to finish outlining the total inheritance that Martha and Lewis had amassed since their death. He went over the wealth they now had in Elysia. It was made up of a combination of money they left to themselves, income from the local economy, along with converting the monthly subscriptions paid over time, plus interest.
Lewis and Martha sat there mouths open.
"So wait, we are loaded?" asked Martha.
Derek broke into Franklin's explanation. "There's better news too... y'see the Elysian economy is well, well everything is cheap here, really cheap. Preeda over there for example gets about two Shekels a week. That's 200 pennies or probably a little more since she's head of household, and she's pretty well paid. You'll have 500 million Shekels... erm... Each!"
Preeda put both of her hands over her mouth in astonishment. The Wilsons both looked at her, and she removed her hands, quickly putting them behind her back and changing colour. 
"Now let's be fair, you guys weren't rich. You did both have to work during your lives...and you were naughty too, spending lots on all sorts of rubbish... Ahem...Lewis? Sports car in your 50s remember?" 
"I am the sex machine to all the chicks! But so long as I'm paying my staff then that's okay with me. She just doin' her job."
Derek looked exasperated. Lewis had already pointed this out three times to him the day before. He just was not getting it, which was annoying, given he was a biologist.
"Okay look, Preeda is not a slave, Lewis." 
Lewis nodded, "Okay, look I sort of get it!"
Derek decided he didn't get it and drove the point home more succinctly. "You really think, Lewis, that we'd make the very first human in Elysia a black man, and then tell him he's a slave owner. What do you think we are? bonkers?"
Lewis ho-hummed; Derek had a point. No company would get away with selling slavery as a commercial concept.
Derek plopped two tablets in front of them. The tablets disappeared briefly and then reappeared on the table. He sighed after having to explain the slavery issue again. There was nothing he could do about it; the Elysium had evolved to be as it was. Conversation closed, by Mother Nature. He skipped any further explanations and just pointed to Martha's book.
"Anyway look, read that book Martha has. I read it already, very enlightening. But also beside the point. The main point here is we will transfer all of this capital to you after you both sign these."
Derek looked at the large bin full of ice in front of him filled to the brim with beers. There was also an absence of empties on the table. Then he got up and looked over the balcony. Sure enough, there was a small cluster of empty bottles in the hedges overlooking the road. He threw his eyes up and made a note on his communicator. 
"It's all kosher folks," Franklin added, "...everything is transferred to you the second you sign. You both get separate payments, because you aren't married here in Elysia."
"Wait, sorry, hold on a minute, we aren't married? That's a new one on me...” interrupted Martha.
“Til death we do part, Martha! Remember?” replied Derek.
“We can get remarried though, yeah?” she asked excitedly.
“Ohh yeah, my guess is humans getting remarried will be a pretty big thing here!” he suggested.
Lewis cracked another beer open and threw the empty over the balcony, ignoring the filled glass again. He pointed to the huge house surrounding him. 
“So like a castle here costs the same as I got paid on earth in one year?"
Derek followed the bottle as it spun over the wall and smiled.
"Not unless you were being paid only $10,000 a year Lewis. A castle here with 30 square miles of land costs the same as a decent second-hand family car! That TV over there costs about 50 cents."
"You shittin me?" gasped Lewis, spilling beer down his beard.
Franklin interceded into the affray of wide-eyed scepticism. "Nope, they aren't in fact shitting you guys. If you looked at one shekel being 100 dollars then you have a total of, Ohh I don't know, a lunacy figure, the equivalent of 6 billion dollars maybe?"
"Should we be saying this in front of ... you know... the red lady?" exclaimed Lewis.
Preeda, feeling a little uncomfortable at being forsaken by the Lord and Lady of the Keep, interjected. "Elysian's don't lie, cheat, gossip or steal, m'lord, well we might gossip a bit."
"A BIT?" questioned Derek as he turned and continued talking with Lewis and Martha. "Well, you can sure afford another bin to put the empties in… Given you'll be here a while, you might like to keep it clean, just a suggestion folks.” He looked at the empties over the wall shaking his head.
Martha gave Lewis a dig in the arm. “See, I told you not to do that!”
“It's okay, m'lord, someone will clear that up, but maybe don't throw the bottles too far, they might go through someone's window down there, like maybe my window for example!” she stated, pursing her lips and staring at the back of Lewis's head.
Derek gave thumbs up to Preeda to arrange someone to clean up the bottles. “Okay, guys, so if our plans on Earth pass off without a hitch you will be living here literally... forever... "
"Forever? Like forever, forever?" questioned Martha. "Maybe we might get, like, a little bored sometime? I'm already seeing that this wall over here needs a coat of primer and a lick of paint... my guess is that all these Elysians will push me out of the way to do it for me?" Martha pointed to two Elysians carrying a black bag scuttle under the balcony and the sound of bottles clinking into a bag.
Lewis looked a little horrified. “Babe, I think you should stay away from ladders and paint brushes for a while, we’ve already had one incident, let’s not tempt fate!” suggested Lewis.
Derek put his communicator away and thought for a minute before explaining things. "Erm, no, you can do things yourselves Martha, who's to stop you?" 
"Okay, well the first thing to do, honey, is arrange a wedding!" exclaimed Martha. 
Preeda's eyes opened wide. "We are to unite the Keeps?"
"Unite what now?" asked Lewis. 
"The keeps, m'lord, the Wilson and Summer keeps, they will be united? When will they be united? My sister lives in her ladyship's barony.," exclaimed Preeda excitedly.
"Derek?" asked Lewis.
"If you remarry, then both your keep and Martha's will come under one law." explained Derek.
"Martha's?" asked Lewis.
"Mine?" asked Martha.
"Ohh yeah, sorry, darn totally forgot about that, what am I thinking? We brought both of you here because it was expedient, but both of you have keeps. You are separate customers. Martha's starts, well, it starts about 60 miles south of here." he announced matter-of-factly. Derek realised they had spent a few days goofing off. "Look I did tell you to read the introduction pack! Yeah it's long and everything. What can we do? You both died knowing nothing about Elysia. So you really need to catch up there, guys."
They both agreed they hadn't done a lot to get a handle on things. They had been diverted by their circumstances.
"You'll have lots of human company anyway; arrival is in a few days time. So I'm really busy these days!" He pointed to the main view screen in the living room. "I'd suggest you sit in front of the screen there. Preeda will load up the intro pack."
An exit door opened in the living room.
Friday 17th January 2044.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 80%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 20%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 42%.

40 Lucem. Winter, Elysian Year 3,769.  
Keep Wilson
1221 miles NW Mil. 

The Wilsons sat down in their large living room, with their Elysian staff and some local town dignitaries invited by Preeda. Preeda had arranged a party in the Keep to celebrate what Elysians were referring to as arrivals day. They were relaxing watching a large screen.

The compare, a young Elysian woman, pointed out the images on the screen as she spoke. "If you are just joining us here in Solus, the latest, as we mentioned, is that her majesty has arrived here at Solus Tower before she attends the Elders’ ball. Here we see her on the royal barge earlier, with her entourage, Doukissa Schooner and SolKurio Tanin. We are told that she will be addressing us shortly. A great day for all of Elysia, Merdi".
"Yes indeed, Keela " replied Merdi, her co-presenter " ...here we can see her majesty arrive at the tower a little earlier, maybe an hour ago or so now, with young Tanin helping her from the royal Barge.  She looks resplendent don't you think, Keela?"
"Beautiful, Merdi. Verci Matrin, we are informed, designed her gown. She decided not to arrive from the barge barefoot as is traditional. Interesting to note that until 100 years ago the Kuriosa traditionally left a carriage and was expected to walk barefoot in urine! I have no idea how that came about! She is wearing the Alterran crown first worn by Kuriosa Alterra Train all of those centuries ago.”
The Kuriosa on the screen reached the top of the steps and turned, waving at the assembled crowds outside looking at the royal barge. 
Keela, the younger female compare continued "... and now we see Doukissa Schooner, or just Pat as she insists on being called. Behind her, Solus Tower, the highlight of the capital here was built many thousands of years ago by the Erlite, an early civilization on Elysia. Again, a matching gown by the Matrins. The palace informed us that the Doukissa is wearing footwear she wove herself. She is a good weaver too. There she goes running up the steps to the Kurios§a. Rather fit for such an old woman, and never one for formalities or anything like it, Merdi!" 
"Sorry to interrupt you there, Keela, we have her majesty now, Ladies and Gentlemen, her Majesty Kuriosa Quteela Train XVII ".
Keela broke the description of Pat’s age, lack of protocol and her boots, leaving the audience to look up why their leader might like her toes soaked in piss!
Clapping ensued from the Elysians present in the room. Lewis and Martha looked around at them; all eyes were fixated on the screens. Quteela was young, maybe 11, and clearly beautiful with a light tanned complexion. She bore almost no resemblance to her ancestor, Alterra Train, the first house of Train Kuriosa. On the wall of the tower, a huge image of Alterra was being broadcast. 
"My children, I will keep this brief as I'm sure there are a lot of celebrations I will be holding up. Two days ago, the first Human arrival, after our beloved great grandmother, Doukissa Pat beside me here, arrived on Elysia. He is Lord Lewis Wilson; his wife, Baroness Martha Wilson, joined him. They are surely now Elysian, for their first action was to announce their reengagement and remarriage." 
Cheers arose from outside on the streets in the town below where Elysian families sat down at supper to watch their queen. Inside the living room, foot stomping had commenced. Lewis had supplied several large buckets of beers, assorted wines, snacks and food, and entertainment for the assembled staff. The Elysians had worked their way through a fair proportion of the beer bins before the broadcast had even begun. Staff working that night were bringing more buckets into the living room and dragging the empty ones away. Since it was obvious to Lewis that he didn't need to do anything he sat back. Having lots of staff to do stuff for him was still uncomfortable, but he was determined not to let it screw up a party.
The Kuriosa continued. "The human arrivals council on planet Earth have informed us that 'Arrival' will commence tonight at midnight Solus time. It will continue indefinitely. I have decided to pass a Kuriosa command to mark this day. From henceforth the date of 40 Lucem will be a public holiday throughout all of Elysia and known as Arrivals Day. The birthday of our first Human arrivals."
Again, Lewis looked around the room at the Elysian staff clapping at the announcement of a public holiday. Then he looked at the label on the bottle in his hand to check the potency. Singing Horse Droon, and 6.9% proof he read. No wonder they are happy as shit he thought, they are all rubber legged! In the background, Preeda was organizing a few hipster-looking Elysian, who were setting up some lights and assorted music systems on the rear balcony. Lewis waved her over. 
“Look they can do that shit themselves honey, that's what they do, yeah? You sit your ass down there, you off duty right now, okay!”
“Yes m'lord, thank you.”
Preeda took a beer from the bucket and sat beside a small group of Elysians in front of the huge screen, where the Kuriosa was continuing with her speech. 
"The humans arrive on Elysia with a promise of wealth and happiness for the line of Elysia for all of time and I am sure we will not disappoint." announced Quteela, "We welcome them, whether they feel it or not, comforted in our most orange florescence." 
Her florescence began to glow more sunset orange and all around her changed colour. The Elysians could see this, but Lewis and Martha could barely see any changes.
The Kuriosa was now clearly beginning to feel a little emotional but she continued. "We welcome you Lord and Lady Wilson. All in Elysia are proud to be alive in the generation of arrival. This is a time promised to us by our ancestors. In Solaria's light we now witness you take your place in Elysian society as keepers of our line and our light."
Quteela was now too emotional to finish her speech. Her young son Tanin comforted her. She remained orange with dashes of red dotting across her face. The Kuriosa made one last statement to rapturous applause from the crowd assembled and every Elysian in the Wilson living room and keep. "Semper in lucem Solaria" she said softly.
"She look like much of a slave to you hun?" asked Martha.
"Not a lot, no...More like a bedside lava lamp!" replied Lewis.
Pat Schooner approached the podium, gently clapping as her great, great plus-38-more-greats granddaughter stepped away. "Her majesty promised she would not get emotional,” she started “But as you can see, it's not everything I desire in our family, that goes my way."
Laughter broke out in the living room, with murmuring between Elysians ensuing.
Pat continued. "Less than 30 minutes from now, is the beginning of the greatest event on Elysia ever. An event I have waited patiently for. That waiting time was over 350 years. This day is very special to me, very special.” 
She paused as even members of the camera crew clapped. “It's been almost a millennium in my time since my wife, my beloved Alterra, your first Train Kuriosa, known to most of you as Wandering Alterra, passed on. I loved her so much! I have no florescence, so I cannot relay to you how much I loved her." Pat choked a little as she remembered Alterra and continued. "I can't say I'll miss being the only human in Elysia. There are things I miss still about Earth. There are also things we are all better off without. Solaria knows best; she gives us our human line to complement us. Our human Lords and Ladies are our first line, the Barony, a guarantee that we are independent of Earth now."
Preeda was back up now, passing around small delicacies to others. Lewis beckoned her over again. “You back working again, Preeda? These folks have legs y'know, they can get their own damn food! From now on, you work a set amount of hours a week. Right now, you are off the clock! That means this is Preeda time… are we understanding each other?” He pointed to himself and then Preeda.
“Yes m'lord, sorry. It's hard to get used to humans.”
“Well, sweetie, I'm more than a human, I'm a black human. I'm not having anyone that works for me acting like no house nigga!" 
Preeda now took this as not a suggestion but a command. "What is a house nigga m'lord?" she asked to ensure that she would no longer act like one.
Martha snorted beer onto the floor and Lewis looked at her shocked. "Erm, I'll explain that later! Anyway is there a guy around here called Car-a-lee or something?”
“Yes m'lord, Caralee Kurla, he is the town apothecary’s son. He is the tall man with the tubby belly over there”. She pointed to a small group of Elysians about 20 yards away, sitting on a sofa closer to the musicians, and watching the broadcast on another large screen.
“Great, now remember Preeda, honey, you are off work now!” Lewis got up off the Sofa and offered her his seat.
“Yes m'lord, I will find out and refrain from being a house nigga!” Preeda took out her phone to look up what it was, as Lewis walked toward Caralee, shaking his head and taking a beer from the beer bin. 
Cultural differences like this were happening daily, many times a day but so far, all had gone well. Martha and Lewis were slowly becoming accustomed to these minor things. However, the next 20 minutes would result in a flood of the weirdest, batshit crazy stuff, either of them had experienced in their lives. 
Martha turned to Preeda, pointing at Pat on the screen. "Preeda, that's the woman on the cover of my book? What does she mean it's been nearly a millennium? That's a thousand years on Earth. How could she have been married to a woman that lived a thousand years ago?"
Preeda paused and thought for a minute how she might explain Elysian history briefly. "I'm not exactly sure how that works ma'am, but after Alterra called the president our time and Earth time became different. Your Earth slowed down in time for us. Baroness Schooner was a human put into Elysia in the olden days. She has been in Elysia for almost a thousand Earth years, well, 365 Elysian years." 
Martha sat with her mouth open. "So, like, this Pat Schooner woman is human, and a thousand years old? Like really?"
"Yes ma'am, it is for real. She is Doukissa Schooner now; she married our mother, Alterra, centuries ago but never died, so she is still Doukissa. She is a member of the royal line and has lived in Elysia since then."
Martha sat there staring at Pat on the screen. "That's pretty weird, Preeda. On Earth nobody would believe that!" 
"It is a little weird I suppose if you were not brought up in Elysia!"
Martha sipped some wine. “Of course it's not as weird as being here anyway. Well, Preeda, if I can believe I am a baroness on an alien world, with an immortal husband, that looks better than he did in the 70s... Well then I can believe this woman is that old."
"Well I cannot lie, ma'am, it is not like a story, and it is real. Her highness, Doukissa Schooner, is very old. She still looks like she's younger than I am though." 
Lewis arrived at Caralees' table. “You Caralee Kurla, man?” 
“Yes m'lord, it's great to meet you, sir!” Caralee stood up, bowing curtly.
“Yeah, super great to meet you too, even better to meet you if you got my message from earlier, Caralee?” Lewis looked around the room a little sheepishly. 
“Ohh yes, certainly, M'lord, I have a selection of our finest in this satchel.” Caralee took up a satchel from the floor and whipped it open. Lewis nearly fell back with the smell of a bag loaded to the top with grass in different shades.
“Shit man! You'll have us raided by the cops!” exclaimed Lewis, looking left and right, and trying to put the cover back over the satchel.
“What is cops, m'lord?” 
“You know? The cops? The law? The man?… Police officers?” 
Caralee stood there looking puzzled. “I'm sorry, m'lord, I don't understand? The law is whatever you decide it is, and I have no idea what a poe leece officer is? Could you explain?” 
“Erm… okay, Caralee, I'll take your word for it. What are you looking for this bag here?” whispered Lewis, again looking around him to ensure others were not noticing. Nobody was bothered.
 “Ohh, I would say three shekels would more than cover it. Would you like us to bill you m'lord?” asked Caralee, adding the satchel to his accounts on his phone.
Lewis stood there counting things up in his head. “On Earth that would be like, I dunno, 40 cents or something?”
“I don't know what Earth currencies are worth, m'lord…but anyway three shekels I believe is fair?” 
“Yeah, you better believe it’s fair!”  This was not exactly the same as slipping his brother Marvin 50 bucks for a weekend baggy in Philly.
Caralee was a well-educated man but like most Elysians he had not educated himself on all aspects of human culture. From his perspective, his lord was acting a little too paranoid for his liking. He had no idea what to say.
“A weed dealer that does credit terms? Shit, I heard it all now!” stated Lewis, fastening the clasp on the bag.
“We obviously extend credit to the keep, sir,” replied Caralee, hoping that this would end the conversation.
“Three shekels done! You have a good night here, okay. Plenty of beer and those cracker vegetable things to go around.”
Caralee was happy to see an end to the conversation and nodded.  “...and you m'lord.”  He sat back down and reengaged in conversation with his Elysian friends. 
Lewis strolled back over to Martha who was chatting with Preeda exchanging stories. “Babe, you not going to believe this?” 
Lewis plunked the satchel on the table and opened it. Martha looked at the contents. “Shit honey, get that shit the hell off the table quick!” She turned and smiled at Preeda, looking embarrassed. Preeda on the other hand didn't have any reaction whatsoever. “That man, Preeda! He'll get us all locked up one day, y'know?” 
“Why would you lock up?” asked Preeda.
“Babe, here's a thing, did you know there are no cops in Elysia?” explained Lewis.
“Is that true Preeda? There is no police here?” asked Martha.
Preeda took her phone out and looked up what cops and police were on Earth. “Ohh, you mean law enforcement personnel? I have heard of such officials before, no we do not have those. The Elysium has no need of cops as you call them.” 
Preeda sat checking her phone to make sure she understood the concept while Martha and Lewis looked at one another and shrugged. "Well now, I got a bag with kilos of grass. But what I don't have is tobacco or anything to roll them up in!" 
"What's tobacco m'lord?" asked Preeda.
"It's like the thing you get in cigarettes, a plant!" answered Lewis, realising from the tone of Preeda’s question that this conversation might also get a little weird.
"I've never heard of  'to back coe' or 'cigir rets' m'lord but there are papers inside the packs." 
Lewis sat down, shaking his head and looked at the continuing broadcast as he reached into the bag, pulling out a selection of branded packets of grass and showing them to Martha.
 “They sell it in packaging babe. It has a friggin barcode and chip on it! Look, Martha; look at these skins! Stony Road Premium Papers? Really? Stony fucking road? Ohh look, this one looks like a wooden box, it cool looking.”
“That's NormaStamp Yellow, its crap m'lord. The box is a marketing gimmick if you ask me. A gimmick that seems to work well too by your reaction m'lord. RedWrom is the best seller in the Mil Borough.” announced Preeda.
“Are you telling me that weed is an industry on Elysia, Preeda?” asked Lewis, looking astonished for the 30th time or so.
“Well, it’s one of your largest cash crops at the moment, m'lord. Derek told me that you died on Earth a very long time ago in Elysian time. Even so, I am not sure why you would buy a satchel of weed from the town apothecary. You own several thousand tons of it in the town's stores. Look, you bought the Dr. Swines Willo brand? That's basically Wilson Keep grass, m'lord, with some Coochie thrown in. You bought your own grass!” Preeda raised her eyebrows and pursed her lips, considering how dumb her new employers were.
The Wilsons stared at Preeda as if she had told them calmly that their heads were on fire. They then looked at one another. "We probably should have read the folder Derek gave us, Martha" said Lewis.
Lewis looked at the selection of grass that would likely get him a five years stretch on Earth. “Okay right that's as weird as it will probably get for me now. Let's watch this Quteela woman...while I scoot a doobie together.”
"Agreed, m'lord." stated Preeda.  But there was no telling what her human bosses would consider strange. "Caralee can make a spliff with one hand, M'lord, in one move. Kurla loose joints are all hand rolled. It's a really good party trick. Should I ask him to show you?" suggested Preeda.
"Erm... no, I realise now why Caralee thought I was a bit weird. Let's leave that guy for a while! Shit, I'm embarrassed at not committing a crime? This is definitely not Philadelphia!" stated Lewis, laughing.
Lewis sat with the opened packet of Dr. Swines Willo staring at her with one eyebrow permanently raised. It sported a dark blue packet with a silhouette logo of a cartoon pig leaning against a tree. His last memories before he died was his wife's occupation in the 60s.  Did this have something to do with that? Lewis pulled some Dr. Swines Willo from the pack and smelled it to see what his own products were like. Not bad, maybe seven out of ten? "Who called it Dr. Swines Willo? Is there something about that?"
"I dunno m'lord? It has been going over 150 years and it's very well respected. I'm only working here a year. I haven't looked into the branding of it, but my mother always tells me not to fix what's not broken."
"A wise woman, your mother!" announced Martha.
One of the musicians approached him while he set about a little manufacturing project. The Elysian bowed curtly.
"I am Crex Nortic of Mil, m'lord. I was told you play the guitar a little. I would be delighted if you would agree to join us on an Earth number a little later, if it suits sir?"
Lewis looked at the young man in front of him and nodded slowly. "Sure man, I might be a little rusty, but I'll jam with you guys."
"Excellent, m'lord, thank you" he said and bowed again, walking away making thumbs up to his band.
Martha was now discussing babies and who had what kid for whom with Preeda. Lewis shook his head slowly while getting his spliff together. Babies were not a discussion he thought entertaining most of the time. This one however, as a biologist, had him raise his eyebrows at least three times. As it turned out Preeda was both a mother and a father. A biological ability neither of them had bothered to read in the information packs.
Martha nodded as Preeda explained this, but it was apparent that this was something she, just like Lewis, was amazed by. "Lewis honey, Preeda here has a little boy and she's erm... the 'father'?" She pulled her lips into her mouth and nodded at Lewis seconds from laughing. "The erm father, Lewis... " She nodded again. "You know honey.. The daddy!" she stated, driving the point home and nodding again.
Lewis shook his head slowly again while answering, "Yeah so I heard, honey, how do they manage that? I must have been out of college on the day they covered women being daddies!" 
Martha, a little drunk from copious amounts of droon and a few glasses of amazingly strong wine, laughed loudly and whipped the finished joint from Lewis's fingers. She had had enough weirdness and settled for just getting baked!
Preeda laughed while she looked up why her human bosses were so amazed on her phone.
"Ahh, okay, it says here that only females on Earth can have babies. I'm not sure why that is, it doesn't say. Are men not born with a chatra? "
"What the hell is a chatra?" asked Lewis.
"It's erm, I'll explain later, m'lord. Anyway that explains it!" she concluded shutting her phone off.
"It explains what?" asked Martha.
"M'lords, all Elysians are biproductive. Both men and women can reproduce. There are four types of females and four types of males in Elysia. Would you like me to explain that?" asked Preeda, realizing neither of them understood.
"This sounds complicated, Preeda dear," stated Lewis, at this point a talking horse would not have shocked him. "I was still getting used to the human system, and women being daddies is, well, fucked up! But men being mammies? What sort of fuckwhackery is that?"
He put a replacement doobie into his mouth after taking a swig of his droon. Lewis had decided that his wife, as usual, was right, 'baked' was the best solution now.
"Well, I am not sure what life experiences you had on Earth, m'lords, but I will help as much as I can."
"Shit, I'm not in Philly any more that's for sure, next I'll be told that the water in the toilet shoots up your ass!" He sat back smoking his joint, contemplating the last 20 minutes’ revelations. What else can go weird he wondered.
"M'lords, you might not have noticed this, but you haven't used the bathroom since you arrived. Humans do not need to erm, y'know, use the facilities here. We do obviously, but you do not! Even I find that weird!" stated Preeda.
At this point, Lewis, realizing he hadn't needed to use the bathroom yet, just nodded. The talking horse was now a certainty, he was sure of it! An image of a little blond white girl, wearing a blue dress and chasing a rabbit down a hole came to mind. This was nothing that the opened bag of grass wouldn't sort out! Where was all the beer going?
On the screen, Pat Schooner was still talking. "But let it be remembered across the empire, that we have all worked tirelessly preparing for the human arrival."
Pat went on to note the key points she had experienced in Elysia. She mentioned Elysian science and medical advances, technology, the writings of Kone Lerdi. She touched on quantum technology and Shaman Kranti Mercil, currently the greatest scientific mind on Elysia. Mercil had demonstrated recently that Elysian technology was even more advanced than human technology. She mentioned the works of poets and elders, kings and queens, philosophers and scientists and ended with her long departed friend, Seldre. "Dear Seldre, I miss him so much, he was my best friend back then. It has been 150 years here since he left us. He said I had helped all of Elysia, but he gave to me much more. I have faith he and my lovely Alterra live forever now in the light of Solaria." 
The Elysians in the Wilson household nodded. Well most of them nodded. There were in fact Elysian atheists, Elysians who heard Solaria in their mind, yet reasoned she was simply a side effect of their florescence, a little like perhaps an optical illusion.
Pat paused, thinking about her time on Elysia, it had been a very long time indeed. She raised her right hand and opened it high above her head shouting "Semper in lucem Solaria" [Forever in the light of Solaria].
"In lucem Solaria" [In the light of Solaria] came the reply in the room.
Outside in the distance a bright beam of light shot through the clouds onto the ground, maybe 50 miles away. At its base, the ground lit brightly in a blue flash of light, breaking the darkness all around it, illuminating a lord keep in the far distance. It cast the keep as a silhouette on the horizon in a blue halo. The crowd in the room all noticed it. It was like being suddenly startled by someone taking a photo with a flash.
"They are coming!" cried a young Elysian teenager near the Wilsons veranda, "Look! The humans, they are coming!"
Another light shot through the scattered nighttime clouds to the ground, further away this time but clear as day. Then another, and another. All over Elysia bright cylinders of light burst through the atmosphere to the ground like a giant forest composed completely of blue light beams. The ground glowed where they landed. The crowd below in the village were energized and excited. Gasps escaped from the lips of the Elysians as each new arrival completed their journey. The light show was compounded in the Wilson Keep by a local light show. Elysian florescence seemed to change colour in time with the firework show outside. 
Martha opened the balcony doors. Both she and her husband stepped outside along with a fair proportion of their guests into the crisp winter air to get a better look. 
"Are they like, people? Like us guys?" asked Lewis.
"They are our lords and ladies, m'lord," replied Preeda. 
"I hope none of them smoke cigarettes! Cos if they do, they have a pretty big shock coming!" said Lewis.

Monday 29th January 2044. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 83%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 17%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 42%.

46 Lucem Elysian Year 3769.
Road leaving Keep Wilson toward Kerignastag.
1193 miles NW Mil

Lewis had decided to educate himself darned fast. He was a bright guy, years of scientific investigation had given him an ability to scan text and video at speed and absorb it. Martha however took her time. He could do the work; she would use him as a walking Wiki page. What was the rush? Forever is a long time.
He and Martha were not just lords by title, it carried a responsibility. The Keep was a business that made money in a small local economy that dealt with a governor called an Elysitite. The Elysitite’s job was to oversee the commerce and business of the entire borough. Lewis's jurisdiction was called a barony. It came with a seat in the Elysian government. 
No Elysian paid income tax. It was deemed unfair. In fact, they saw it as theft. Every penny of revenue raised was raised on sales only, a basic sales tax of 10% on everything. No corruption in Elysia meant very little tax.
A borough might be large or small, but in this case, maybe three hundred human baronies fell under the jurisdiction of Merly Nortic the local governor. Lewis and Martha had called the guy and arranged a meeting for today. They were making their way along a snow- and ice-covered country road in Lewis's Hummer. Lewis and Martha booked a few days in Mil where traditionally the Nortics made their home. 
After his jamming session and a few joints with the band, it had emerged that the bandleader Crex Nortic was the grandson of the Elysitite, and third in line to his position. Crex had no interest in being Elysitite. It worried him greatly that if his aging grandfather died any time soon, he might wake up one morning as Elysitite. 
Preeda sat in the back of the car with Bobby. She pointed out the odd feature here and there. Bobby sat with his head out the window and his tongue wagging in the breeze taking in the sights. Occasionally he'd whimper, bark or whine at things he saw. Horses usually instigated repeated barking until they fell out of eyesight. 
"What the hell is he barking at in the back there, Preeda?" asked Martha.
"Mostly horses, m'lady, he seems to be excited about the horses a lot."
"Are any of them talking or barking back?" asked Lewis.
"Erm, no m'lord, how would a horse talk?"
"Ohh nothing, just checking is all!"
It had snowed heavily the night before and in the soft, white, carpeted fields to their left and right, Elysian farmsteads appeared. At this time of the year, the fields were empty of crops. 
"Ohh m'lord, over there is the Sarnil Family farm, that's my mother's farmstead. We grow creedle wheat for the keep!" announced Preeda proudly. Creedle, Preeda explained, was the main ingredient in a product called NU. NU was a compound that students on Elysia used to increase their intellect coming up to exams, so they could cram more efficiently. 
"A brain drug? For increasing intellect? How long does it last? Is it addictive? Isn't that like cheating or something? Does it fuck your head up long term?" asked Lewis.
"No, it’s not addictive, m'lord, it lasts about 48 hours, well it did with me anyway. I had never considered if it was cheating, I suppose that's one for a philosopher or something? I don't think it's ever caused any harm to anyone, but again I don't know.  I also don't know if it would work on humans, m'lord. But you could try it! Maybe Pintar would know?" answered Preeda.
"NU, that's good, I must remember that... it'd sure come in handy right now!" answered Lewis.
"The last thing you need is more brains, baby. It's hard enough keeping up with you right now!" joked Martha.
Preeda continued to elaborate as they passed along the road, pointing out this or that farm or building. As the hours passed, the two were being slowly educated in Northern Elysian geography.  They passed by other Keeps and towns and then reaching the top of a small hill they crossed a river and headed into a valley. 
In the distance was a small town. This was the town of Kerignastag, the birthplace of Alterra Train. It was larger now and looked like it might house thousands of Elysians. There were small housing estates dotted about it and some under construction. A huge statue appeared in the town centre depicting Alterra holding a bow on her back and carrying a weaving sheath under her arm. She was completely naked apart from a headband and two arm straps.
"Lordships, this is the birthplace of Kuriosa Alterra. Wandering Alterra is the first Kuriosa of the ruling family. She is very famous, she would be like maybe Lord Santa Claus on Earth!" pointed out Preeda.
"Lord Santa? Is this the crazy bitch I seen on the video that rang up the president?" asked Martha.
"Ohh yes, that is true, she was very erm...headstrong ma'am, I don't know how she was able to order a human about, but she did." 
"Did you see the clip of that online baby? She sure was a crazy bitch. She told that Stefani one where to stuff it! Man you wouldn't wanna cross this woman, she rip you two new assholes! I mean she even in her birthday suit there. She was nastee!"
"Seen it honey," replied Lewis "The funniest bit is where she asked the president if she had someone higher up! Man that shit cracked me up!"
They reached Kerignastag and parked the car in the main street. They wandered about the stores and shops with Lewis popping into an apothecary to see if he could score some NU. He did but unfortunately, NU was also something you needed to drink. For that, you would need something like hot water to make it up. It was an infusion like the South American herbal obsession with Mate. He'd get Preeda to show him how it worked when they arrived at the hotel in Mil.
One of the larger department stores was of great interest to Martha, but she didn't buy anything. She and Preeda spent 30 minutes rummaging through clothes, then furniture, then technology and phones and finally the perfume and make-up counter.
"Elysians dress like humans, Preeda. Don't Elysians have, like 'traditional' clothing?" asked Martha as Preeda looked through a long line of jeans. 
"Well to us clothes are a fashion accessory ma'am."
"Well to me they are too! " stated Martha "... and now I got a sexy body, and a shit load of cash, I intend to accessorise greatly, girl!" 
 "Remember ma'am, we have a florescence, others need to see it. Elysians born with no florescence would be like a human child born blind or deaf, or both. So clothes tend to reflect that. They tend to show more flesh ma'am." 
"You have no problem with makeup I notice though" Martha responded, pointing to racks upon racks of makeup.
"Ohh no ma'am, all Elysian's love make-up. Both men and women like anything that's colourful and that does not block our florescence. It's one of my own guilty pleasures!" She pulled up her short sleeves to show Martha the removable tattoos that covered her arms. Then in the middle of the store, she took her T-shirt off to display these tattoos all over her torso. Martha looked astonished! Preeda obviously had no problem getting naked. None of the other shoppers paid any notice to the shamelessness of it. One even held a sweater up to Preedas back to judge the amount of florescence. They were all, it seemed to Martha, utterly oblivious to her being topless.
Lewis had spent some time looking over the technology department upstairs and was now standing behind Preeda. "Okay we ready to go?" he asked and Preeda turned around.
"What do you think, m'lord? Do you like this? These are nice? Yes? You like them?" she asked.
Lewis's pupils expanded in his head as he looked at Preeda's body, then at Martha. "Fabulous, I mean... yes, I mean no... I mean,.. Shit, baby, help me out here? Preeda honey, can you put your T-shirt back on there." he ordered, pretending not to notice anything else.
Martha raised her eyebrows and just stared at Preeda putting her T-Shirt back on, much to the amusement of Preeda and the makeup sales assistant. 
When they got back to the car, Lewis told Martha she was driving for a while. He sat in the back with Bobby while the women climbed into the front. "After that little display I'm sitting in the back here, where I am no danger to anyone. I'm also off duty in the driving department. Preeda, can you give me a pack of Dr. Swines Willo and skins from the glove compartment there?" he asked, taking Bobby's lead off.
Martha looked at Preeda's arm tattoos sticking out the side of her sleeve. "Those tattoo things are cool, Preeda. Do they sell ones for black folks too? Like you know, bright ones, like the one on your back?"
Preeda rolled up her sleeve and moved her pale skin over to compare with Martha's arm. "Ohh yes, ma'am, the black Elysians from Saroola make really fantastic designs. In fact that's where they came from...I will show you online, where's my phone?"
"Preeda wait a minute? There are black folks in Elysia?" asked Lewis.
Lewis hadn't considered that there might be other ethnic groups in Elysia. The only folks he'd seen so far were all pale skinned blonde northerners. There were of course black people on Elysian Netcasts but coincidentally or by design Lewis had stuck to Earth media and hadn't noticed any.
Preeda looked astonished he didn't know this though. Her skin tone changed as she answered him in the rear view mirror. "Yes m'lord, There are millions of them, but most live in the far south. It's a really long way away. It takes three days to fly there unless you use an orbiter. But that's expensive. Pintar and I spent our honeymoon in the south. It's really hot in the summer, lovely, but really hot."
Lewis went back to shaking his head back and forward. Every day was a waterfall of revelations. They set off again. After finding their way to the motorway, Martha put her communicator on the dashboard.
"Communicator, attach to the car and drive us to Mil, will you? Stop at the next recharge station too. Denote distance every 100 miles!"
The machine bleeped and the steering wheel retracted. Martha turned her seat toward Preeda, the two of them started looking over an online store that sold tattoos. The car swapped lanes and sped up considerably, finally cruising at over 230 miles per hour. Lewis observed the weird goings on in the front of the car and poked his head between the two of them. "Who the fuck is driving the car?" 
"The car is driving the car, honey!" she replied and didn’t even look at him.
"So like, I drove for three hours at a snail's pace for no reason?" he enquired.
"You said you wanted to drive baby, you like driving. I like looking up these tattoo things! Just relax and smoke your joint." 
Bobby found a beetle that had managed to find its way into the car and chased it about in the back, pushing his nose into the rear seat. He was also pushing Lewis around as the beetle had decided to make its escape behind Lewis's back. Lewis smacked Bobby on the nose to get him to pay attention. At that point, the beetle tried to make its escape across the floor of the car. Bobby jumped off the seat, rummaging around looking for it. 
"Bobby boy, stop that! Leave the goddamn insects alone, boy! Seriously, this dog, Martha, has a real problem with them coloured insects. It's like some sort of crazy canine obsession or something." 
Bobby found the beetle and ate it, crunching it like a biscuit while looking at Lewis.
"Shit boy, that's gross!" he said, laughing at Bobby enjoying a mid-trip snack.
Bobby turned around and scratched at the locked window as the car drove them to Mil. His eyes changed from dark brown to light green and ripples of orange moved over his nose. Under his fur, his skin was rippling in many colours, but everyone in the car was oblivious to it.
Everyone in the car ignored the dog's physiology except Solaria. She thought for a second, looking at the dog as it licked wingtips from its teeth and swallowed them. "I never thought of that... wow, something new!"
The small party reached Mil, the communicator bleeped and started a countdown to self-driving. 
"Destination reached on next exit. Welcome to the city of Mil." 
Martha took back over and they headed into the city.
Governor Merly Nortic was a tall, tubby-bellied Elysian wearing a weird-looking yet expensive suit. His suit made him look like a 60s schoolchild. It had short sleeves and his trousers only went to the knees. Preeda was right, Elysians liked to show off flesh.  He was a very old man though. By human standards, Merly was in his late 70s, maybe early 80s.  He welcomed them to his offices and sat them down around a short coffee table surrounded by sofas. Elysian fruit tea and biscuits were delivered while he brought over a small-screened tablet. 
Merly discussed their stay in Elysia so far with them, while Preeda sat on the sofa patting Bobby. Merly had also arranged advisors for both of them and discussed their wedding plans, which he seemed extraordinarily happy about.  
Lewis explained his research during his life. He'd started his career as a researcher looking into cancers in the early 80s. He then worked his way through advances in the 90s, until his retirement from ill health in 2010. He was well published in the field and was very well cited. 
Martha had pointed out that she ran a magazine for more than 15 years. A woman's fashion and chitchat sort of thing. It had a steady circulation in Philadelphia. She sold her stake in the magazine in 1992. Lewis had been given tenure by then. Despite Merly's interest in the matter, she had not sold weed as a full time job. She sold weed in her youth, and only for a few years since they needed to afford to send Lewis through college. When she got pregnant with Mitchell they really needed the money, so she took up a bit of dealing weed again. So fair enough, she had experience. Nevertheless, weed was not an industry on Earth; it was illegal for all of the time she sold it.
"But you see, both of your skills are something we need. In fact your barony's businesses were chosen by the human arrivals council precisely because they matched your skills!" stated Merly.
In Lewis's case one of his advisors was an Elysian biologist involved in researching how Earth fauna was adapting to Elysia.
"Yeah that's one thing I wanted to ask about...," said Lewis, scratching his head. "...how did Earth animals like horses and dogs, and I'm told even fish and things like chickens, find their way to Elysia?"
Merly explained that NEP in the early days, to him many thousands of years previously, had digitized the genome of many Earth creatures and then found a way to introduce these to Elysia. The fauna and flora imported from Earth were subject to the normal laws of evolution and they died like everything else.
"Elysian biology, Lewis, is not human biology; we are structured on a polymer that transfers instructions on how to make us, just like you were, as far as I know. But humans in Elysia have no DNA. I don't know how that works, nobody does!"
"Shit!" stated Lewis. 
"Yes shit indeed, m'lord. We asked Doukissa Schooner to supply samples when we had the technology to examine her. Her highness agreed, but we could never extract anything from her, not a hair, not a drop of blood. She can't spit, produce tears or sweat, nothing. Well, we can't get anything to leave her. She can cry for example, but the second a tear leaves her it just disappears, vanishes! You can also run her over with your car, and she just gets back up!  It seems humans in Elysia have no impact on, or interaction with, our biosphere!"
"Jesus Christ on a stick, that's amazing!" exclaimed Lewis. 
"It is that, Lord Wilson. The same is true of you, and her ladyship. If you jumped out my window there, you'd fall 180 feet to the ground. It would hurt, but you would just get back up! But you are talking to the wrong man." 
Martha's land was devoted to crops used in pharmaceuticals, recreational drugs, and many assorted small businesses. Merly was right, she had an interest in almost all of them, from home decorating companies to fashion stores. Martha's barony was easily five times larger than Wilsons Rock. Martha's Keep was surrounded by a large town called Summerstag. It was a local business hub with a population of over 50 thousand. For the second time in her life, she was the main breadwinner, and the bread was delivered by the truckload. 
"So like, how much do both of our Keeps earn?" asked Lewis, wide eyed. Lewis tended to cut to the chase when money was concerned.
"Last year, Summer and Wilson Keeps collected just under 34 million shekels in taxation, and spent, erm, 11 million on public services and administration—well done, Preeda, and your sister Saarda, all very welcome to the realm—minus of course my tax levy of 10 percent." 
"Thank you Elysitite Nortic, I try!" replied Preeda.
Lewis didn’t much care for tax, or economics, but he had an idea while looking at Bobby during the meeting. "So look, if Earth fauna can be introduced to Elysia, then can that work the other way around? Like, can an Elysian genome be imported to Earth somehow?"
Merly thought for a second. He was no biologist or botanist and had not considered this.  "I dunno Lewis, but again erm..." he started.
Lewis interrupted, "This Elysian biologist guy would know, yes?"
After a longish discussion, they agreed to meet up with their advisors a week later in their Keeps. Merly shook their hands as they left and patted Bobby on the head. 
"He's a lovely animal, how did you manage to adopt a dog in Elysia so soon after you arrived?" 
"Ohh, Bobby is an Earth dog," answered Martha "I had him erm...scanned." 
Merly looked at Bobby again. "I suppose humans can do anything, but a florescent Earth dog is a new one on me!"
Obviously, Merly had not understood that Bobby was just an Earth dog. He was not born on Elysia. He was immortal too, just like all the humans. 
They hopped into the car and set off around the city on a tour. Mil was certainly as big as Paris, London or Los Angeles was before Lewis died. Over 12 million Elysians lived in Mil at this point. However, the Elysians, unlike humans, had a long time to plan their cities carefully. They were all built out in concentric circles, with further wide roads stretching out from the city centre. Even the subway systems worked like this. The centre of Mil had a huge statue over 120 meters tall of Alterra talking to some young Elysian girl, with her hand lifting the child's face toward her, as the young girl handed her a bouquet of flowers.
"That's Pian Nortic, M'lord and M'lady. She is the ancestor of Merly Nortic. The woman is Kuriosa Alterra." explained Preeda, staring out the window. 
"I see Alterra learned to wear clothing at some point!" said Lewis.
"Yes M'lord, Alterra wore clothing almost her entire life. She was from our own borough and it is famous for weaving."
"Ohh, well, at least Elysians wear clothes now. It'd be weird to find myself living in a nudist colony!" said Martha.
 "Only folks like my father walk around the streets naked. In Elysian culture, he would be called a 'bright', he finds clothes uncomfortable. But I'd say he's wearing clothes today, it's chilly out there!"
Lewis glanced at what Alterra was wearing, looking a little confused. "That getup she's wearing looks like something from the wild west on Earth. You wouldn't think she was a queen! Maybe a saloon dancing girl from a cowboy movie though."
Martha laughed, "Well there you go Lewis, see, they have some sort of cowboy history." 
Preeda didn't know what a cowboy was but she had heard of cows. An image of a young boy who had the head of a cow came into her mind. She stared at the statue as they circled it. This was one of the best-known legends in Elysia, but it was backed up by concrete evidence that it happened. Even though it was a legend in Elysia it only happened four months earlier on Earth. 
Preeda explained that the young girl, Pian Nortic, was handing Alterra the 'Light Daisies'. They were still in the history museum in Mil, still fresh, after over 350 Elysian years. Doukissa Schooner had often commented that when Alterra died, and she tried to kiss her farewell, Alterra turned to dust. It was all on netcasts on Earth. However, Preeda couldn't watch Earth media. 
"Can't you look at Alterra on the netcasts? Me and Lewis seen her. She certainly did turn to dust. I seen that myself. It was very sad, I felt very sorry for Pat!" announced Martha.
"Most of the ones I watched she was naked but far from dusty!" exclaimed Lewis as Martha gave him a dig in the shoulder. 
"Careful there honey! What I noticed is that you worked out how to delete a browser history! So thin ice baby, thin ice!" she exclaimed, scowling. She then turned to Preeda. "That's a little, well, unfair I think, Preeda! After living on Earth all my life, well, humans have more to fear from other humans than from Elysia. So, like you can't watch your own queen online, Preeda?" asked Martha. This was yet another new revelation.
Preeda explained that by Alterra calling President Stefani, NEP had blocked all communication from Elysia. Schooner then forced Alterra to make it Elysian law. A matriarch’s command might be temporary, but a Kuriosa command was final, period. Preeda also explained that it didn't matter too much. They had a vibrant internet and technology now independent of Earth. 
Lewis was looking at the smiling faces on the city streets. "It's really weird, everyone looks so happy, what's all that about?" 
"I'm not sure what you mean, m'lord, why would anyone be sad?" asked Preeda.
"Well not everyone can be happy all the time, Preeda!" answered Martha.
"There is happiness here. I know you cannot feel that, but you can see it.” again Preeda showed both of them her skin, it was certainly a lot brighter.  ”I am brighter in Mil, see!" She showed her hands to Lewis. Sure enough, her hands were slightly orange. 
"Maybe you need to get Pintar to have a look at that for you!" suggested Martha.
Preeda laughed. "I think it's more like something you humans are missing m'lady." She continued to explain in a matter-of-fact tone what a florescence was to her. Seemingly, this florescence malarkey was a sense. It allowed them to transfer emotions to one another, heal one another, and even pass information to one another.
"Wow!" said Lewis "That's weird... it's like a sense, like hearing or seeing or something?" 
"Yes, it's like a sense, m'lord, but it only works from one Elysian to another. We can't really see the florescence of flowers or other animals, only other Elysians." 
Lewis had an interest in this florescence, until now he hadn't realised how powerful a tool it was. "So like this florescence, Preeda, How do you pass it on? Through the air? Or what?" 
"I'm not sure m'lord, like Elysitite Nortic, I'm not great on biology. I think you'd need to ask my husband. It feels like it's something that takes time, it's not immediate. But Pintar would know how to explain it to you."
Lewis thought for a minute, looking at Bobby. "What did Merly mean by florescent dog? Bobby is like us, yes?" 
"Well, I certainly can't see Bobby, but I also can't see Elysian dogs. Even the Bartu cannot see their dogs. We can't see, well feel, well, y'know, experience the florescence of other animals and plants! I think Elysitite Merly is an old man and his sight and light are failing him!"
“He did look a little shaky on his feet alright” Suggested Lewis who noticed a large expensive looking restaurant on the map, which they passed by a minute or so later. "Communicator, park around here near Kriola Restaurant."
"Parking bay selected 120 yards north of Kriola Restaurant. Would you like reservations at Kriola Restaurant?" 
Lewis ignored the machine. "Look, how about I take us all out for dinner before we check into this hotel? Anyone up for that?" 
"You betcha honey, great idea. Fancy some dinner, Preeda?" asked Martha. 
"Yes, your lordships, thank you, that would be great! Would you like dinner, Bobby?" 
Bobby licked his lip. Of all the human words he knew 'dinner' was his favourite.
Chapter Eleven
Morris Minor

Thursday 24th March 2044. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 85%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 15%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 42%.

Bill Graham Center,
San Francisco,
United States.
4th Annual NEP Science Fair.

George approached the podium, notes in hand. He had made the mistake of planting his cappuccino on the screen earlier. It was now covered in frothy sugar, which made reading a little hard. He decided to ad-lib the bits that were blurred rather than start scrubbing the screen before the audience.
"Gentlemen and Ladies" he started. "First, can I point out that I think Derek would have been better, but for some reason, folks like to try catching me making a fool of myself. On with the show, ehh? "
The audience sniggered. George was indeed always good for a laugh. Apart from his comical wit when it worked, he often made witless or even crude remarks, picked up on by the media. In the United States, the media always tried to bludgeon him with his own words.  It wasn't as if he cared though. Solaria would protect him and their objectives no matter what. After decades with this sort of protection, not needing to worry about the politics or consequences of your actions, you become arrogant. George was the poster boy for arrogance.
A week earlier, given the sexual nature of the Elysians, George had given a talk on sexual morality, at a philosophy conference. Cardinal Swan of Boston attended it. His eminence was sitting on the stage during his talk when George turned to him and joked that if he died a day before the Cardinal, then the Cardinal would be a day too late to meet the Virgin Mary. It didn't go down too well. George, in his ignorance of such matters, repeatedly alienated, annoyed, insulted and outright frustrated everyone around him. Most annoying of all, he was seemingly oblivious to it.
A science fair was different though. George was now giving a talk to industry and scientific attendees. The scope was as usual Elysia and its technology.  George tended not to treat those he saw as peers in the same way as the general population.  "There are nearly two hundred thousand folks in Elysia now!" he said, "Y'know, if I wasn't rich before, then I'm fucking loaded now!"
The crowd laughed at George's admission of extreme wealth. 
"50 billion bucks a month! yeeee-haa! Promising afterlives works, but delivering them is the motherlode!" George went on to explain that the new citizens of Elysia were chosen on their skill set and some might need to wait months or even years. A very long line of Earth's population wanted into Elysia. The asteroid impacts, coupled with wars and disease, food shortages and a world on the cusp of meltdown, had put the population boom into decline. 
But, there was a serious problem. Elysia was a world with a narrow doorway. When you have a door that handles maybe a hundred thousand a month, and a death rate of more than twice that daily, well you have supply and demand issues. It was really lucky NEP had plenty of storage. 274 thousand people were dying every day now. NEP could squeeze about four thousand through the doors of Elysia. Therefore, George's first concern was scanning technology on Earth and construction projects in Elysia.
At this point hands went up in the audience, as if somehow he had invited a question and answer session. The hands all had the same question. What are the rules to get oneself to the top of that list? George smiled and ignored the hands going up. 
"My spidey senses are telling me you want to learn about our logistics problems there?  Who gets their seat first, ehh? I can foresee a bit of a traffic jam in the near future.  Can I also point out that I don't take bribes, and even if I did, none of you can afford to bribe me anyway!" 
The audience laughed again, but most of the hands went down. 
George also admitted that Elysia was uncomfortable for many, and putting dead people into it was too much, too fast. The problem was that many people had pre-existing ideas about death.  Elysia competed with those ideas.  Lines were being drawn in the sand along ideological and religious beliefs by now.
Governments were impotent in dealing with NEP he admitted. After Alterra got out of the box, conspiracy theories had abounded about him. In the six months since Alterra went off the reservation, literally, no politician had said anything even slightly antagonistic about him. Nobody with any foresight wanted him as an enemy. He was the gatekeeper to a guaranteed afterlife. Pissing him off was attempted suicide. He stood there and counted ten of the crazier theories abounding online about him on both hands. He was everything from the antichrist, or an evil inventor to a crazy scientist. In one interesting netcast he found, he was presumed to be a lizard prince.  Lastly, rather authoritative folks, with no such authority, informed everyone how NEP would make Jesus cry or upset God. 
This was the only remaining tool anyone could use to stop the world's population signing up. It was also a very weak excuse. It reminded people that they were mortal, and that they would die one day. Signups went through the roof in twelve months. The more people that signed up and realised there was a huge line in front of them, the more signups they themselves made, adding to the line. NEP responded by putting the scanners everywhere.  Scanning was now even offered as a service in malls and hotel lobbies. One country passed a law to pay for all of its citizens to be scanned yearly. At that point, NEP reduced the cost by 75%. It now cost just 10 cents a day or less to be scanned once a month. If you were wealthy, you could have a ready scanner installed in your brain. It would scan you all day long.
From the day Alterra appeared live on Earth, the world's philosophy and attitude to death had changed radically. A fifth of the earth's population had clicked the advert on the netcast with the words 'Join us - Open to Everyone.' The folks signing up knew that whatever else happened on Earth, they would eventually all wind up in Elysia. For 1 buck a week, you would be given a house, car, guaranteed income, immortality, youth and physical strength. For twenty bucks a week, you would be a lord in Elysia.
NEP was commonly touted as a corporate takeover of religion. George didn't bother denying it. "Well y'know, I look on it this way. God or whatever other deity one subscribes to is a big boy, right? I'm sure he can look after himself. I don't really see human technology being any real threat to a God. Do you? I mean all any God feeling the competition eat into their market share has to do is offer a product better than mine."
The crowd laughed.
"Thankfully, the Gods tacitly agree because not one of them has said a word about it, not to me anyway! You'd imagine I'd be the first to find out! So, unless God works for the tax office then he's certainly not tried to smite me!" 
George waved a thin tablet contract around in the air and continued. "My customers however actually get a contract, a signed contract. However long it might take to get you all revived, well, this is a legally binding agreement and we collect payment from you after we deliver! I think at this stage we could sue the world's religions for false advertising! service first, payment after!" 
Again, the audience laughed, although there was a little bit of uncomfortable shuffling. NEP clearly had some sort of objective of monopolising religion. George then announced that he'd recently talked to a previously dead friend of his, now in Elysia, called Jonah Levi. George compared Levi to visionaries such as Thomas Edison, H.G. Wells, and Isaac Asimov. 
"Jonah predicted the future, but he did so using math and science. He's not a mystical prophet of the Bronze Age. If he were, then everything he said would be fantastic bullshit anyway! "
Again, a round of laughter and hoots abounded. The organizer put his hand to his mouth, thinking how George on any stage was a really bad idea.
"Anyway, enough of my introduction here, Gentlemen and Ladies, Dr. Jonah Levi!" George announced, pointing to the large screen behind him.
The huge screen sparked into life. Jonah Levi, aged maybe 25 to 30, sitting amiably in a chair, with a tablet on his knee, smiled out at the crowd. The audience clapped furiously and stood up giving Jonah a resounding welcome.
George waited for things to die down naturally. "So, Jonah, you crazy old yid... this must be very weird, specifically from the perspective of the ultimate Levian, from your perspective. You predicted most of this before I was in grade school."
"Less of the 'old' cracks, George, you obstreperous mick! good afternoon everyone!" exclaimed Jonah calmly, as cheers arose from the assembled masses. "But thanks for the warm introduction, George. Yeah, it is probably a lot more erm, let's say confirmatory to me than others, I suppose."
The crowd was mesmerized. Jonah Levi was probably one of the best-known, most accurate futurologists, commentators and technology inventors of the 20th and 21st centuries.  He certainly had predicted this level of technology. It would be a short jump for Levi to hypothesise that it was built with the help of a larger intelligence. The only reason Solaria agreed to resurrecting him was that he was also George's friend. Otherwise, according to her plans he would be in storage for another eight years.
Jonah continued stirring sugar into his coffee. "Remember, George, I know a lot more about how the universe works than the average guy in the street too, and I gotta say this is a real copy. My microscope here tells me it's copied very well. A few days ago, I spoke to Dr. Stephen Sparrow about this over a few bottles of British Pale Ale. He told me that, despite his input on the matter, you got the laws of gravitation and relativity wrong. Speaking of Gods, George, well Stephen suspects this was a deliberate attempt to anger his!"
Howls of laughter emerged among the scientific members of the audience, and George looked embarrassed. Levi too laughed at George's reaction. "But jokes aside, George, I'm impressed, and you gotta do a lot to impress me!"
"Thanks, Jonah, keep the tributes coming!" suggested George.
"In Sparrow’s case though, George, he tells me that he's going to need to borrow your universe, the one outside this one. This one doesn't meet his requirements just yet. You have, and I quote, 'a long way to go!', well that's what he said anyway".
Solaria interjected in George’s ear "Sparrow really is a cheeky bastard, George, yet another one of the people you asked me to resurrect! 'A long way to go' indeed! Boy is he in for a surprise!"
George butted in to Levi's anecdote. "Hold on, you are telling me one of my most prominent customers is dissatisfied with the service? and is bringing it back to the store for a what? A partial refund perhaps?"
The crowd laughed again. 
Morris was off on another comedy set. He continued pretending to make a phone call. "We are used to 'Hi is that support? My car didn't work when I moved in!', but, 'Excuse me, sir, this universe is broken?' Well, I'm not sure we have a complaints department that can handle that, or even understand the complaint if the customer is Stephen Sparrow!"
Solaria interjected in George's earpiece again. "George, we do have a complaints department that can handle it, and she's talking to you now! The problem in this case is the customer wouldn't understand the support rep!"
Levi laughed at George's joke and continued, stating how hard it was to argue with Sparrow, especially now that it was nearly impossible to shut the guy up!
George shook his head mockingly. "If he calls, we'll put him on hold for a century, hey it works for ZNPONE." 
Levi made a circling motion with his hand to get someone behind the camera to turn around. "Well, George, any support issues are more than made up for with this. Hold on for a moment there everyone. Meena, could you come over here with the camera please. Okay folks, I want you all to take a look at this." 
Jonah moved aside.
The camera panned and in the sky hung two large moons setting on the distant hazy horizon. As far as the eye could see, was lush, jungle vegetation. A group of large, prehistoric-looking birds flew out of the forest in the distance and rose up on an air column over a lake. One of them peeled off from the small flock, diving head first into the water, followed by the others in sequence, like giant featherless gannets. Below Levi’s keep was a large sleepy town, constructed of brick and thatched roofing with wide, cobbled streets.
 "All of this, " he paused "...all of it, as far as you can see... well, all of it is mine. I won't be farming any of it. I'd like to keep it as a nature preserve. It is truly spectacular."
The crowd were clearly amazed even though they saw this world daily.
"Okay, so apart from local outposts like Minsky down there, which I named after a long departed friend of mine, all of this is untouched in what looks like millions of years. It is beautiful and I intend to keep it that way. Even under a microscope this world is as real as anyone can determine."
 Jonah reached down and rummaged about under the garden furniture a little. "Look at this, I found this little guy yesterday trying to make his way into the kitchens. I'm told to get rid of it by the locals. I think they mean I should kill it." 
Levi lifted a jar. Inside was a relatively large, multicoloured and slightly-glowing insect-like creature. The little animal had the familiar three segments insects have, but was covered in fur, with just four limbs and two folded translucent wings. It was really cute looking. It was maybe eight inches long, with a rainbow-coloured, fluffy head, from which two furry antenna protruded, where normally one would expect to see ears. It had large, bright blue eyes as opposed to compound insect ones. Seemingly though, it had no mouth, nose or ears. The little creature was desperately trying to escape from its glass prison, and put its furry paws against the glass. It scratched, hoping that maybe it could burrow through the container. The camera came closer and it leapt backward against the rear wall of the jar, hiding beneath some sort of fruit, placed in the jar as a meal. The crowd 'ohhh'd' with a strong female content making most of the sound. Then it lifted its head above the fruit, pulled at its antenna, and sat back, disappointed and obviously frightened at its predicament.  The crowd 'ohhh'd' again. The netcast camera moved to the face of evolutionary biologist Jerry Rawlings, who now, 105 years old and frail, was staring at the little creature on the screen. He sat there in his wheelchair, flabbergasted but smiling as if he'd seen some sort of magical pixie. 
Levi explained secondhand what the Elysians in the household had told him. The creature was called a Flumfruit beetle and was considered a pest. They got themselves everywhere Elysians didn’t want them to be. They stuffed leaves into and around fruit crops, which they first killed by injecting a poison. Over the course of Elysian history the flumfruit beetle had caused massive loss of income and in a few cases famines had ensued. They weren’t loved a lot, despite being the cutest thing you’ve ever seen. They weren't dangerous though, the poison only worked on the fruit of the flumfruit plant. Flumfruit was a staple cash crop across the whole of Elysia.  After injecting poison, the Flumfruit Beetle would wait for the fruit to start decomposing, then eat some though a retractable syringe under its eyes and push some of the fruit back to a small nest, where it would  lay its eggs.  
"Anyway, " continued Levi "He's a cute little fella! I'm not sure being brightly coloured and giving off a translucent light is a good way to avoid predators though."
George swiped his tablet and continued. "So there you have it folks, clearly a job for Jerry? Gentlemen and ladies, Lord Rawlings." 
Rapturous applause followed. George continued drowning out the applause. "Anything to say about flumfruit beetles, Jerry? I have no idea what that thing is either. A flumfruit beetle? Can you eat them, Jonah?" asked George. 
A microphone drone unit flew over to Lord Jerry Rawlings. "This suggestion of beetle eating is why we in the science community all consider you a total dick, George!" 
The audience laughed.
Jerry motioned for the microphone to lower a little. "My question would be—we know Jonah can bite it, but will it bite Jonah?" 
Rawlings had no clue what a flumfruit beetle was, but it was certainly interesting. He knew that Elysian wildlife was subject to natural selection though. Since it was on the screen in front of him, it had managed to evolve.  If it had evolved this far in Elysia, then it had a way of surviving predation. He suspected it reproduced in huge numbers, so many that predators couldn't consume all of them, similar to the way turtles survive on Earth.
"Can I also add here," said Rawlings, as the drone was deciding whether it should leave or not. "...can I add that this was also one of the activities engaged in by the crew of the Beagle in the 1800s. They ate the tortoises being taken back to Britain for study, so George's repulsive suggestion aside, new lands are often indeed considered a source of tasty snacks, which reminds me, George, wrap it up! It's lunchtime!"
The crowd broke into laughter again.
"Okay, so people, Jerry is correct. It's time to stop filling our heads and start on our bellies. Jonah and his furry friend will be staying with us for the next hour or two. My pal Jin-Ho Sang and Professor Akrey Vankatash and Lord Rawlings, along with several others will join us. I can't remember who, and my tablet is covered in coffee. That's after an hour for lunch. We'll all be back on stage at 2:30, don't forget your handbags and coats and phones."
George picked up his tablet and walked off the stage. Three men approached him as he walked. Looking at them incredulously, he shrugged. "Wrong side of the stage maybe? You guys need to plan this a bit better next time..." 
He kept walking in that direction. One of the men raised one arm as he got within a few feet and shouted "Allahu Akbar!"
"You gotta be shittin me!" he exclaimed. Everything moved into slow motion. "Solaria you biiitch noossshhh noooowwww wah wah wah."
"Sorry, George, you did say you didn't want to know when. Far be it for me to disagree. Welcome to Elysia."
 Then the earpiece disintegrated along with George.
Thursday 24th March 2044. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 89%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 11%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 45%.

Morris Keep, Elysia, 
23 Montag, Elysian Year 3769.
35 Miles South of Solus,
48 Seconds after George Morris dies. 

George came back after what felt like someone had pulled him by the nose, through a dishwasher, which had tried its hardest to scrub his brains clean with a toilet brush, through his ears. "Solaria, you bitch, not now!" he exclaimed.
"Sorry, George, you did say you didn't want to know when, far be it for me to disagree. Welcome to Elysia." 
"Ohh, for fuck’s sake, are you some sort of comedian? Islamic terrorists, really? Like for real?" asked George, now in a strop as Solaria sniggered.
"I thought you might find it funny, dear, maybe a little ironic after your prejudicial speech?"
"I'm dead, why? What in the name of fuck, honey?"
"I'm very sorry George, really, I'm sorry. I detected from your scans that you had the outset of early-stage Alzheimer's disease. That was a year ago. I didn't tell you, we agreed I would not inform you. I had no choice, George, any further damage and you'd be symptomatic and I might not be able to repair you."
The hand of a young Elysian woman was holding his.
 "Lord Morris, are you okay? Can you hear me? You can hear Solaria?"
George had forgotten he'd have company when he arrived. "Yes I can hear Solaria...can't you?"  He knew the odds were high there were at least three Elysians within earshot. He'd have a little fun with them.
"Yes but I am... I am in the line of the Elysium... But, you are a Lord, a human. Yet you can hear her? She can hear you?" replied Needa, George's new house head.
“Well, there ya go baby...as Derek keeps telling me, something new every day, ehh? Today I found out I'm dead, and that if I wasn't dead, I was six months from sucking my dinner through a straw!" 
He sat up and realised his eyes were still closed. "Anyway, no time to be sitting on my arse... hey, my eyes are still closed! Why does everyone keep their eyes closed after arrival?  Look into that Solaria. Or explain what the hell is going on there! How long was I out?"
"Yes, George, sure, you are deceased 1 minute, 35 seconds. You died instantly. You were dead before you were decapitated. I decided that eyes should be closed on arrival as humans use this as their most sensitive external stimulus. Sight often forms a very large part of human external world models. Some humans will arrive here after spending their life blind. I didn't want to frighten anyone."
George, Needa and all of the Elysians in the room, heard Solaria. George opened his eyes and examined himself. Then he pulled his pants forward and looked down. "Well, with no head, it’ll be a closed-casket funeral! If I cut corners, maybe just a bucket will do? Ohh, hey, I see I got all the mods I asked for! The ready-scan seems to work well too, ehh? Am I missing any bits?" He looked around the room and at his hands and arms then at Needa. "I see I get all the pretty ones too!" He winked at Needa but she didn't understand what a wink was. 
Solaria interrupted to give her reply as requested. "Well, apart from common decency, you aren’t missing much, George, you have 99.92% assimilation of your original copy. I will compare with your hospital scans tonight, when you sleep, and average out any issues. I think I can get that to 99.994%, A 0.08% margin of error is far too much."
"Solaria!" exclaimed the Elysians in unison, all bowing.
"She can hear us?" asked Needa.
"Ohh, she always could, she just ignored you. She agreed to ignore the lot of you. She talks to you, you never get to talk to her... real simple, and less cycles on the system too!"
Needa had no idea what 'cycles on the system' were. But she absolutely knew who Solaria was. "Solaria is real?" 
George ignored the question. "Do me a favour, get Pat Schooner and the guys online. It's time for a discussion. I am not a happy bunny right now!" He strolled to the patio of his keep and slid the door open. He walked onto the balcony, taking in the midday air. In the distance the city of Solus was visible, taking up a sizable proportion of his view. Solus Tower was clear and he could see the ramparts of the Palace.
"Solaria, honey, you are attending this meeting as well, whether you like it or not, okay? Ohh, by the way, are any of the assassins now in Elysia? I'd like to have umm... a little word with them." 
"There is a one-year-old copy of one assassin, George. He stopped scan updates when he was turned radical a year ago, before he met up with me. He can still be scanned live. Two of them are not totally dead yet." replied Solaria.
"Great, let's get those two in here. Do whatever you reasonably need to do to get them into a scanner and put them into storage. I'll get around to them later. I'll be having some rather cross words with those guys." 
"Yes George, sure, not a problem. I'm not entirely sure they are responsible though George."
"Yeah, yeah, sure whatever! They are also idiots, and about to find out the true meaning of taking responsibility for their actions. That guy with the bomb and unwieldy beard will find himself facing me in a few day’s time, and he’ll be wishing he went right to hell!”
Solaria didn’t respond to this suggestion, something that usually reminded George who was actually wearing the pants in this relationship. “Right, food, can someone get me a subway, hot chilli sauce. Everything that looks like it was once part of an animal can go in there, with jalapenos. I'm famished and it's still lunchtime after all!"
"Yes M'lord!" replied Needa, gesturing another Elysian over but keeping her eyes on George.
Needa was now in a state of shock. She knew George was the head of the humans. In her world, he would be classed as Kurio, or leader, of a world. He was known for introducing himself to mother Alterra as Kurio. Solaria had set off the arrival warning just three minutes before he arrived. Several Elysians had dropped what they were doing and rushed to the living area. However, they were not expecting George to arrive with their Goddess in tow.
Needa waved over to a young Elysian courtier who bowed and left straight away. She was astonished. All Elysians could hear Solaria but no humans could. It was something that had become a great matter of debate in Elysia over the centuries. Was Solaria real? On the one hand, perhaps she was real and not just a side effect of their florescence? Sometimes many Elysians could all hear the same thing Solaria said in their minds. This is why they considered her real. Then again, she never answered anyone when they tried to talk back. This was why they thought she was also not real. Humans couldn't hear her at all and had no florescence either. So Elysian scientists and elders had concluded that Solaria was part of their florescence, a side effect. But Doukissa Patricia believed Solaria was real. She and Seldre had both put forward solid arguments why Solaria was real. There were also legends that the Doukissa had spoken with the Goddess. Needa sat beside George looking at him; he didn't look much like a God to her, not that Needa had the first idea what a God should look like! But not only could he hear Solaria, the two of them talked to one another like old friends! What was going on?
"Ohh and by the way, Needa? Is that your name? " asked George.
"Yes, M'lord? How did you know my name?" answered the still-shellshocked Needa.
"How do you think I knew? Look, we'll start with the entire idea of me not being repeatedly referred to as 'm'lord', okay? If I am going to be working with you then to be honest, it's fucking disturbing. I'm just 'George' okay?"
"Yes, M'lord" replied Needa.
George looked at her and raised an eyebrow.
"Sorry, yes George!"
"Ohh and before Derek Beirmann arrives can you call my lawyers. Let's make sure there are no hiccups along the way here." he suggested whilst waving his hand in front of a large screen. "San Francisco, news, TV stations." 
The screen turned on to a news channel with a scene of police, fire trucks and ambulances, their lights flashing and sirens wailing as they approached the Bill Graham Center in San Francisco. A young man was talking over the netcast.
"Word reaching us now that a large explosion has occurred at the World Science Fair in San Francisco. From these drone images, we can see a cloud of black smoke rising from the rear of the building. That's breaking news here on SFN, that a large explosion has been heard at an event at the NEP Science Fair in downtown San Francisco. We'll be keeping you up to date on that as the story unfolds."
"George, I cannot call your Lawyers, they are on Earth. I cannot talk to Earth people on the phone or anything." interrupted Needa as she looked at the screen, holding her hand to her mouth and feeling a little ill. She had worked out that she was watching an Earth broadcast and the aftermath of a violent incident. 
"Shit, that's right, meh! I'll do it myself then! But you can sure call the Kuriosa and Schooner, yes?"
"Yes, George, I'll do that now!" and she left, still thinking about Solaria and hiccupping, holding her hand to her mouth.
A blue door opened and Derek Beirmann walked through. "George! George, you're okay... thank God! "
"Okay? 'Okay' you think, Derek? That's a weird inversion of logic you have, Derek. I'm dead, Derek! That's not exactly consistent with being okay. I'm also not exactly sure why you think your God built Elysia either. I write your fucking paycheck, not your God! So thank me! By the way, don't you ever knock on a door?" George sat on the long white sofa he had chosen a year beforehand. "Was anyone else hurt? That's a room full of important people that probably all have accounts with us." he said, pointing at the screen images. "Tell me they only got me....?"
Derek sighed "Okay, well Sang was injured, I think, he was coming onto the stage from the opposite direction behind you. I'm not sure, to be honest."
"If there are any other casualties then scan them anyway if you can, I'll foot the bill for whatever needs to be done. I've seen enough death, thank you. I'm not having any more eternal oblivion on my conscience."
"Sure, George, sure, sending that right now." He swiped the screen on his tablet repeatedly. 
"Look, I'm really sorry, George, there's nothing we could have done. One of them, from what I could see, was a speaker giving a talk I'd attended earlier today. 'Advances in Moral Philosophy' if that's not the single most ironic thing you've ever heard!" exclaimed Derek, his head down, shaking from side to side as the newscast continued. 
"So, word reaching us now that the explosion is part of a terrorist attack on the NEP World Science Fair in San Francisco, California, and that George Morris, CEO and founder of NEP, has been killed by the terrorists. That's what we have here; breaking news, that Dr. George Morris, CEO of NEP, has been assassinated in an attack on the Bill Graham Center in San Francisco. He was on stage at the time, giving a talk when, as these images show, a large bomb was detonated."
"We know!" shouted George at the screen "We fucking know already!  Hey you, Elysian guy! Do I own a decent-quality camera here? "
"My name is Caylin, M'lord, " mumbled Caylin as he placed a large 12 inch subway in front of George "Yes, we have a camera, I'll go get it" and he ran off.
"Look, Derek, can you do me a favour and contact the Lawyers for me. The Elysians can't do that. Get one of them to call me." This request would at least ensure Derek left.
"Sure, George, I'll check on Sang too!" replied Derek. A large blue door opened and Derek departed. 
George looked around himself. "Solaria sweetie, can you stop Derek from just walking into my house whenever he likes. From now on, the access window opens at the front door. Like anyone else, he'll have to ring the doorbell."
"Good idea, George, sorted. Anyway, I have ring fenced all of your assets as of yesterday. Needa talked to Schooner. They are on their way." 
"Great, now to have a little chat with these folks. Ohh by, the way, now that he can't get into the house, you can do your thing, y'know."
In front of George, a beautiful woman, tall, red haired, with a small golden tiara, and wearing a blue dress, shimmering much like the Elysian floresence, appeared in front of him. 
"That better, babe?" she asked.
"That's just super, honey, you look lovely!" he responded as she sat beside him on the sofa. "Right, let's see what these media dickheads have to say for themselves."  He picked up a communicator lying on the table with one hand and the subway with the other. 
"'George Morris calling umm... SFN 3 TV station in San Francisco, news desk please" 
A girl answered "Dr. Morris? Dr. George Morris? Like THE George Morris?"
"That's it sweetie, yeah, look, yes, I'm dead and all, but given I get my way, and it'd be super news for you guys, then how about you air my obituary, yeah?" asked George in a rather demanding tone.
"Hold on, Dr. Morris... just a sec..." she replied and put George on hold.
"You just won't believe this, Solaria! They have me on hold and it's playing Tom Waits 'After you die!' Talk about irony! It’s like a bad song dying..."
Caylin walked into the room, holding an expensive looking camera and saw the newly-arrived woman sitting beside George. He had a puzzled look on his face. He said nothing, but pointed the camera at the two of them. The woman smiled at him.
 "Hello, Caylin" she said.
George pointed at Caylin. "Yeah, hold it right there, Caylin, communicator, attach the feed from the camera that's about six feet away."
The news broadcast continued. "So, it's not looking good there at the rear of the building, Marie! Emergency first responders there are pulling up now to the rear of the building. We can see what looks like a small army unit now approaching the front of the building.... Okay, I'm being told we have, well, wait for this—I can't believe it, we have Dr. George Morris on the line from Elysia. Dr. Morris? Tony Garcia SFN 3 news, are you there?"
Solaria turned to George, "I'm not sure I should be on camera, George?"
"Meh!, fuck 'em, honey! If they ask any questions you are my sister, Louise, okay?" George rubbed the crumbs off his hands into his pants and talked into the camera. "Hi, sorry, yes, Tony, is it? Okay, so yep, it seems they killed me. My worry is that others were killed or injured in the blast. Not everyone can afford on-the-fly scanning as I can. I would be devastated if any of the other attendees or staff were killed in an attack meant for me."
"We're not sure, Dr. Morris, but I'm sure we'll find out in the next hour or so. You are in Elysia already? That was really fast!" exclaimed Tony.
"Wonders of real-time scanning, ehh?... what'll they think of next, one wonders?" George dismissed the fact he had died and been reborn inside 48 seconds. It didn't feel any different to him. Well, he felt a lot better, and his rheumatoid arthritis was gone! "Anyway, as I said, I'm hoping I'm the only one they got?" asked George, clearly treating an entire TV station as if it were his personal worldnews update.
Garcia changed the subject; he had someone whispering to him in his earpiece. "Do you think, Dr. Morris, that there was a reason for this attack? Not to put it too bluntly, but your company hasn't made many friends in recent months or years. Is anyone this annoyed with you that they would do such a thing?"
George waved his hand dismissing the idea. "Nah, it's just religious nut jobs, there's rather a lot of them, a planet full if you ask me! They all despise me greatly. Which is fine, the feeling is mutual, I can assure you. Even though I’m the only one with boots to do anything about it!"
He explained that one of the terrorists had shouted about God before setting off the bomb. He also mentioned, that as he had stated in his talk on stage, this is all the world's religions need to do to have him turn his attention to them. Until now, they kept out of his face. They should have taken advice from the world’s politicians, who were now too scared to say anything to him. Pissing him off, he stated, was probably not the best strategy, not unless you were strategising on how to fuck yourself up terribly. He was rather angry at the whole thing; he had been really looking forward to lunch.
Garcia nodded, but it was obvious that it was his producer that was lining up the questions. "Some might say you too are religious, Dr. Morris, despite protesting your devout atheism. You do after all believe in this Solaria Goddess and in Elysia." Tony couldn't believe his luck, a man known for putting his foot in it almost daily agreeing to an interview. ‘Story of the year,  Pulitzer here I come!’ he thought.
George laughed and turned, winking to the woman beside him. She smiled and sniggered a little. He bit into his sandwich live on air, munching a little, pulling a bit of lettuce from his teeth. "Devout atheism, Tony? Did they not teach you what an oxymoron was in journalism college, Tony?"
Tony started to talk, but George just bulldozed over him.  "Look, I agree, some might say all sorts of things, Tony. 'Some' still insist the world is flat!  I'm not sure who these magical some people are by name though.  Just to bring viewers up to speed here, Tony, you are asking a dead man if he thinks there is an afterlife, yes?"
Garcia nodded again, his producer telling him to reverse the question to catch George out and admit it was just technology that he worshipped. "Well yes, but that's technology, not a real God or afterlife!" 
George laughed heartily and a small piece of chicken flew across the table from his mouth. "A real God, Tony? What the hell is a real God? Anyway, if you have now backed away from your first question, due to a surprising shortage of Gods, then you get no argument from me there, Tony, I built it after all. But you know what, Tony?"
Tony snorted, "What?" he asked, laughing a little.
"Well Tony, you would be surprised at how many of these 'SOME' that say these things all have an account with NEP, probably yourself included, Tony, am I right? I'd be sure the guy chatting in your earpiece will also claw as much cash as he can in here after he dies too!"
George then changed the topic without waiting on a response. The voice in Tony’s earpiece had stopped talking too. "Anyway, look, I asked your reception girl, or researcher girl, whatever her name is, if I could air my obituary. Can I do that now?" he asked curtly.
"Ohh certainly, Dr. Morris, yes, that's fine, any time you like.” Garcia was all ears and responded before he even heard the voice of his producer, who was shouting in his ear to agree.
"Fine" started George "Okay so, ahem, ahem. Just look at my face, the face of a thinker, a man for all seasons," began George. He looked up nobly to his right as if talking about some great statesman from Earth history. "Yes, George Morris was all that and more.  But he was not perfect.  Perhaps his greatest flaw is that he was too selfless."  George paused as both of the TV anchors looked at him incredulously.
 "He cared during life too much for humanity, with nary a thought for himself. A man of limitless accomplishments and unbridled modesty!"  George paused again, looking at his subway and nodding to himself. 
Marie Swartz, the co-anchor of the daytime news show turned away from the camera and laughed, making a cut signal to the control room. A man who had died terribly, but was considered an arrogant, trouble-rousing dick, was now giving his own obituary in front of her, with hot chilli sauce rolling down his shirt. 
George went on "I can safely say that to know him was to love him, and to love him was to know him."
Sniggers were heard from the TV station crew. George coughed deliberately to get them to shut up. He shrugged and continued regardless. "Those that know him love him...." he said and paused. 
It was indeed true. Well, maybe a few would be a bit on the iffy side. Schooner thought he was a genius. Seldre had been Leonardo De Vinci, Einstein, Aristotle and Newton rolled into one, he loved George too! In fact, Seldre looked on George as being a loving and wise father figure. Solaria certainly loved him. Then again, Solaria loved Levi's flumfruit beetle! However, she definitely loved George; she had told him so. She even explained to George almost twenty years earlier that she knew the difference between loving someone and being 'in love' with them. His family loved him, his friends did. Alterra? Well she's Elysian, they tend not to understand hate, but they never really got on. Too much alike, perhaps?
"Those that did not know him loved him from afar...." he concluded, taking another bite of his subway.
Garcia stood looking at the images of George in front of him with his mouth open, his co-anchor had left and she could still be heard laughing uncontrollably off camera.
George picked up his sandwich and continued, he waved his hand dismissively at the screen. "So, that's my lot for the day, interview over! It's a busy day for me. It's been nice and all, but obviously I have a lot to do today. Now, I should probably call some important folks and apologise for being absent from lunch."
George picked up the communicator and hung up. "Ohh... erm... yes, Dr. Morris? " but the communicator signal had dropped.
Tony turned to his colleagues. "Did he just hang up on us?"
"I think he did... plus he basically told us we were unimportant! That's really rude!" replied Swartz, wiping tears of laughter from her eyes and sitting back down beside her colleague.
"Well, that's absolutely George Morris for sure then, in death as he was in life!"
The crew again all laughed at Garcia's statement.
Marie Swartz then continued. "So, as we continue to monitor events in downtown San Francisco, Dr. George Morris, CEO of NEP, has given a live interview, if you can call it that, to SFN news, in which he claimed the terrorists were quote, 'religious nut jobs', unquote, and lamenting how he was loved."
"Fucking arrogant idiots! As my father would say, they are 'total gobshites!'" exclaimed George at the screen "Hey, Solaria is that Garcia prick on our accounts system?"
George looked at the woman beside him, pointing the remains of his subway at the image of Tony Garcia on the screen and raised his eyebrows, addressing her. He took another huge bite of his sandwich. 
Caylin looked about, then at George, then the woman. "Solaria?" and he scratched his head.
Solaria addressed Caylin, and in a soft voice, the one Caylin had always heard in his head, a voice of purity and motherly love, but with a great amount of authority and command, she smiled.  "Yes, Caylin my child, hello, I am your mother, Solaria." 
Caylin took a visible step backward and Solaria laughed. "There's no need to be afraid, my child. You are my son, I love you."
George, as usual, was ignoring the precious moments of life as if Caylin weren't there. Caylin however had no idea what was going on. Was this woman his deity?  
Solaria shrugged at Caylin and smiled again. She noticed George raise his eyebrows at her, still awaiting his answer. "Ohh yes, Tony Garcia, would you believe he has a family account with you George. Humans, I strive as hard as I can but to be honest the duplicity of their actions as individuals gets me every time. Did you know they never even compared the things you said to events as they unfolded? The fact you told them everything they needed to know, and were as brutally honest as I am, was met over the last two decades completely with ignorance."
George nodded in agreement with Solaria. "You better believe it, babe, they are dickheads. Oftentimes I wonder what level of patience you have to be bothering with them.  But I can tell you one thing. Come the day Tony Garcia pops his clogs; well, I'll be there to replay that netcast to him. Anyway, enough mindless games, where are we, honey?"
George wiped his sauce-stained mouth with a doily from the table before looking around for a drink. Solaria answered without looking up anything. "I bother with them because I love them, George. Anyway, Pat is on her way with the Kuriosa. The others might take some time to round up; I'd give it a few hours. The Admiral is still deciding what clothes she'll wear today!" 
"That woman, seriously... anyway fine, while she and her sidekick, what's-his-name? Well, while they are deciding what skimpy number they will wear today, I'm having a couple of beers, babe. This is the very first time that you can actually join me. In fact, this is also the very first time I can do this," George reached over, put a hand on her waist, and then kissed her gently on the lips. Solaria reciprocated. 
She smiled at him and held his hand. "Well something good came from this one death, George." 
"For sure, honey... " he replied "...now don't tell me I have to go all the way to town to pick up beers? Can't you just magic some onto the table on the balcony out there?" He pointed to the sliding doors.
"Okay first, I don't do magic, George. You are being deliberately obtuse now.  It's the one quality you have that annoys me. Moreover, you'll get fat and lazy if I start doing everything for you. But okay, just this once."Solaria walked to the door. The small table on the veranda had a pile of beer bottles. Caylin's mouth fell open and he began to sweat a little.
"Well, I won't get fat, that's for sure.... " corrected George, "Wow! Fosters, you made Fosters? There's Fosters in Elysia?" George walked past her to the table and grabbed one, but then realised he had no way of opening it. 
Solaria looked at a now confused George who even checked his pockets as if he might have a bottle opener handy. "I do plan ahead George. Do not, I repeat, do NOT, get drunk. Okay?"  She joined him and took a bottle... then she flicked the cap of both his and hers. Caylin pretended he was seeing nothing but this was all magic to him. "By the way, George, Alterra’s sidekick, for the fifth time is Commander Gideon, and you know that too. You are being a smartass again." 
"Yeah that guy, Gideon... anyway, you are the perfect woman honey. First you turn up half naked, looking astounding, and with beers. Then it transpires you are a walking bottle opener... this is the life!" 
He took a large gulp to try alleviate the taste of hot sauce. "Hey Caylin! Caaaaayliiiiin?" shouted George.
Caylin entered the balcony. "Yes, m'lord?"  He stammered, keeping his head bowed completely in front of Solaria, handing George some tissues to remove the sauce from his shirt.
"First, stop bowing and stuff, it's really fucking creepy. Next, I'm not 'm'lord' I'm George, okay? Third, where's that Needa woman? You know? The cute, good-looking woman with the nice titties?" George made circular breast-shaped movements with both of his hands shaking sauce and splashes of beer onto the floor. Then holding his remaining sandwich to his mouth, with spicy sauce running out, he took another large bite.
"I will locate Needa, M'lords; I mean George and erm... erm"
Solaria smiled inquisitively, wondering how Caylin would refer to her as he slowly backed away to the balcony door. As he reached the door to the large living area, he could be heard running away.
"He's going to gossip to the rest of them honey, you realise that, yes?" mumbled George with his mouth full of sandwich.
"I'd be almost positive of it George. By the time it gets to the town it'll be yet another Elysian rumour, half-truths and confused Elysians and whatnot." she replied, making the sauce on George's shirt vanish. George didn't even notice.
They looked over the balcony of George’s Keep. Below them, maybe 200 yards away, they saw a tiny blue panel appear and Derek emerge from it. Derek stopped and looked around himself then looked back at his tablet and tried to swipe it back and forward. Then he saw them on the balcony. The two of them were laughing at him as he marched toward the front door, still trying to get the panel to open in front of him. 
" Look at him, what's he like?” asked George “Ohh, look, he's annoyed... hahahaha! Priceless!"
"I suppose I could have brought it closer to the keep door, George?" She suggested.
"Nah, leave it where it is. Actually, move it further back. He's getting fat; he could do with the exercise!" George waved over the balcony to get Derek's attention. The two of them giggled at the little figure below, who by now had worked out this was deliberate. George lifted his bottle in toast to Derek. 
Derek stomped in a huff toward the keep door, shouting. "I see George, that despite everything life gave you, like wealth, power, women, your own damn island for hell’s sake, well none of those, and as it turns out, not even death itself, has had any impact on you being a totally abusive, obnoxious, self-obsessed slob and an utter twat!"
"Not a lot, Derek, no... let's call those qualities a virtue shall we? Now the door is the large wooden thing in the wall there. Ring the fucking doorbell, just like anyone else."
"I'd like you to be a real pal, George, just this once, and tell me what the hell is going on here?" demanded Derek.
George finished one half of his Subway and started to rub his shirt down with the tissues provided by Caylin. Then he noticed there was no longer any sauce on his shirt. He looked at Solaria. She ignored him, pretending she knew nothing about it. He rolled his eyes and looked back to Derek, shouting over the balcony. "Sure, Derek, not a problem, but you'll need to come up to the living room. From now on, down there is where you skin-bags start your visit, okay? I'm still considering whether or not it's where you'll need to go to leave."
Solaria sat on a deckchair, putting her bottle on the table. "You, George, are dead less than an hour, and already you refer to your previous substrate as a skin bag!” she shook her head slightly, ” ...anyway, let's get rid of him before the others arrive. I don't fancy having to tell Derek Beirmann what's going on. Plus, he'll probably be dead in a little under a year, George."
"Derek will be dead? Why would you do that? He's harmless!" asked George, pointing at what was indeed a rather harmless, yet angry-looking Derek, stomping his way to the door through the courtyard.
"Nothing to do with me, George, he has lymphatic cancer. He doesn't know it yet. I only worked it out today. There's an odds on chance you can save him, only if he gets to a doctor in the next couple of weeks though. He's not all that bad, George, you don't know him as well as I do. Lymphatic cancer  would be a very painful death, George! Should I arrange... well, y'know, his expedient arrival? " She asked.
"Poor Derek, yeah, I'll give him a heads up on that. Hold off on the assassinations honey, you're getting a fucking taste for it! I’m dead less than an hour and you are already planning your next assasination." said George, shaking his head slightly. The doorbell rang and George put his finger to his lips to ensure Solaria didn't say anything.  He answered the doorbell on the intercom. "Ahem, yes hello, this is George Morris, who is this?"
"George, open the door and stop acting the dick!" came the reply.
"Okay. I'm letting him in. Honey, can you do something about, well this?"  He motioned to her, looking as she did. 
"Ohh, yes sure." replied Solaria, changing appearance to look like Louise, George’s older sister.  "Better?" she asked.
"Erm Creepy!" answered George. ***

Chapter Twelve
You Only Live Twice
Monday June 5th 2045. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 91%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 9%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 47%.

NEP Bionics Section, 
Beijing, China.

A year had passed since the Wilsons had arrived in Elysia. Almost a million humans had now been populated into Elysia and signups were moving fast. Thirty thousand jobs were created in support to account for the rush to sign up for eternity. Things would get a lot more hectic after George's demonstration at the Science Festival too. The Earth's population was 7.3 billion, but fifty thousand would be all Solaria would need for these few months, it wouldn't matter much after the festival. The main bottleneck was engineering homes in the Elysian universe, not taking signups. The c-nome bank now had over 720 million people, all awaiting migration. But Elysia wasn’t going to be a home for most of those, there just wasn’t enough room. George, living happily in Elysia now in the same keep as Solaria, had made a point of organizing a full event for himself at the forthcoming Science Festival in 2046. This time, he would not be rudely interrupted with homemade bombs strapped to anyone's chest.
Rumours had abounded in the Keep and towns around George's barony that the human living with him was really Solaria in disguise. Elysian staff changed direction and walked the other way if they saw her in a corridor. They were frightened that if this really were their deity that she might absorb them, even accidentally. None of them would touch her, or most times even talk to her, unless she initiated a conversation. All of them kept their heads down when they spoke. Of course, Solaria, being Solaria, just found this rather amusing. When Needa asked George directly if this was her deity, he suggested she ask Solaria herself. Needa decided that this was probably not important enough, and never mentioned it again. Needa was unsure, George was a very hard boss to get a handle on; he might be just having a laugh at her expense.
The ads for the Science Festival were run for almost a year solid online, all paid for by NEP, and all netcasts of all events would be free online worldwide. It was billed as a 'Where humanity is now' festival in terms of science and technology. Some of the world’s largest tech companies were on display.
The final changes were being put to George's new bioframe in China. Now it sat there in its box, looking for all the world like a giant lifelike doll in a toyshop. It was so accurate that nobody could tell it wasn't a real person, not even Derek as he poked at it in the box. Solaria had even designed it to grow little tufts of hair in its ears and then had them trimmed. Right down to tear ducts and sweat glands on the synthetic skin, this looked completely like the original George Morris. This machine was one of a kind.
Derek stepped back from the bioframe and called George. "I'm ready, George, it's recharged and ready again. Would you like to grace me with your presence please?"
The bioframe’s eyes opened and George moved forward out of the box. He marched up and down trying it on for size. Then he walked up to a mirror in the Bionics lab. Apart from the normal noise a human makes when walking it was silent. You couldn't hear any whirrs or clicks. 
Derek was walking around looking at the bioframe, which now housed George’s mind. "That's like, I dunno? It's like you, it's amazing, George!" he announced, staring at George and then at George’s reflection in the mirror.
"I'd hope it's like me, it cost me enough, Derek!"
"Ohh, it looks like you alright! Jesus, it was lifelike enough in the box, but fucking hell, it really looks like you. We'll send it to Berlin tonight for the respiratory upgrades, okay? Does it feel like.., well, you know, you?"
"Pretty much, yeah, well I certainly can't tell the difference anyway. I'd be sure though there might be something that is different, but I can't tell you right now what that might be."
"Great, it's sure fantastic looking when it's moving about." 
"Can you please stop pacing around me, Derek? Seriously, it reminds me of when I was a kid going to the clothes shop, with my mother, with you circling me like a seagull." He shooed Derek away from him briefly and tightened his tie while looking in the mirror.
"Ohh sorry, George, it's just like, I've never seen anything like this." stated Derek, reaching over and poking at the face of the bioframe.
"Hey, fuck off poking me, Derek, I'm in here remember!" exclaimed George, poking Derek's face back in response.
"Ohh sorry, George, it's hard to get to grips with this.  You know what? How about we take it out on the street and see if anyone notices?" 
"Of course they'll notice, Derek, it looks like me. I'm supposed to be dead! They are making a movie about me right now, and my face is all over bookshops and on TV. I'd say the people of Beijing would notice. " George shook his head, rolling his eyes, exasperated. Derek agreed but suggested they could always use a spare face of Bob Hope. He also suggested that pasty-faced white folks probably all look the same to the Chinese.
"It's a great idea, Derek; I'll do that in Berlin, okay.  It can't eat, drink or have a shit yet though. But when it is upgraded next week, we'll walk into a bar or something?" 
The two of them continued to examine the bioframe. George jumped up and down and hopped on one leg. Then he did a little dance. He told Derek if they were to try it out, he would need a better face than Bob Hope. They would have a go at fooling the citizens of Berlin a week later. 
"Well, that's the acid test for sure!" stated Derek, motioning to two of the Chinese engineers approaching to get lost. He stood between the bioframe and the few staff in the distance to avoid anyone seeing it. "George, it looks a lot better than the one from six months ago, that was a disaster." 
"I'd hope so, you weren't at that test Derek, and it was embarrassing. I can’t tell you who had the idea of installing the battery pack in my arse, or who thought it was a good idea. What I can tell you, is that it was bloody painful when the battery pack caught fire.  I hope that doesn't happen on stage. Can you imagine it? Me standing there, waffling my head off with my arse ablaze!"
This bioframe was amazing. George could run for 8 hours straight at 18mph and could lift hundreds of pounds in weight without taking a breath. 
"Right, George, look, time to get out of it, we have to pack it up. Can you back up into the box so I can put the lid on it?" 
"Yeah sure, Derek, I'll need a new skin to look under 25 in Berlin and I'll probably be asked for ID, ohh, and make a good face, I don’t want to be an ugly pug, okay!" George moved into the box, lying still. He closed his eyes and went back to Elysia.
Tuesday June 13th 2045. 

Probability of Successful Outcome. 91%
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 9%
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 47%.

Tresor Night Club, 
Berlin, Germany.

Derek and George had decided their best bet was to present themselves to the youth of Germany. They had spent the day wandering Berlin's universities, parks, fast food restaurants and a few pubs.
At 58 years old however, Derek just did not look the part whether he was wearing trendy clothes and shades or not. George however looked 25 years old at most. He had a new younger surface and face fitted to the bioframe to enable him to both fit in, and to ensure he wasn't recognized. Not a single person had noticed that anything at all was amiss. Right now, he was chatting up a young woman at the bar with Solaria in his head telling him who she was, and details about her.  Solaria wasn't one to get jealous, after all what human woman could compete with an immortal Goddess?
"Her name is Gisela Klum, George. She's a robotics student in her third year. If she can't tell, nobody can." 
George leaned on the bar, chatting to Gisela in perfect German with a distinct Berlin accent. "Maybe I should take her to a hotel room and screw her brains out. She'd guess then, sweetums!" 
"I doubt it, George, but y'know it's a pretty good idea. Human intimacy is one area we have not tested this technology on."
"Babe, I was joking!" 
"I wasn't, a woman can tell y'know. Well, it’s one area that would be 'iffy' so to speak. It's not as if you are planning on running off with her, marrying her, and raising babies while living in the forest.  All you have to do is screw her! I can also confirm Gisela Klum is not allergic to cock!"
"Honey, don't you think that's a little erm... well, weird or something?" asked George, finding it hard not to express the astonishment on his face in front of Gisela.
"Why? Ohh I see, still got those human hang-ups about sex, George. I did ask you if you wanted me to remove that and you disagreed. It's another thing I could never get used to. Look, there's no way sex with a human woman is anything like sex with me." Solaria laughed at George's human baggage. She was right too; for one thing, when Gisela had sex with a man, there was only one of her!
"So what do you do with yourself?" asked George, talking to Gisela "Ohh Sorry, I'm Ulrich Wagner."  He held out his hand. Gisela shook it. Test one over; she didn't notice anything different.
"I'm Gisela and I'm studying robotics at Freie Universität. When I'm finished I was looking at getting a job in the automotive industry," announced Gisela, sipping on her drink through a straw.
"Wow, that's miles above my head. I'm doing languages at Oxford in England. I came home for the summer to my parents for a week or two. My finals are in three weeks time. I have no idea what I'll do when I'm finished. Maybe I'll work in an embassy somewhere? My father over there works for NEP in Frankfurt, he said he can get me a job there, but I dunno." 
"NEP is amazing. I applied but my father is a police officer so they refused me. Worth a try, I suppose!" replied Gisela, and she sighed.
"Well it's their loss, Gisela!" replied George, and then asked Solaria "Hey babe, are we still refusing employees based on this extended relationship thing?"
"Her father's not just a police officer, George. He's a lieutenant in the GSG9 special operations unit. I have totally infiltrated GSG9, but I apply these rules across the board, y'know."
"So tell me, Gisela, why is a pretty girl like you alone in Tresor and spending her time talking to me?" asked George, paying for his drink and hers.
"Well, you're nice," said Gisela, winking at George "I'm not alone, either, I came with my friends over there." She pointed to a group of German student types a few meters away. "Why, Ulrich, would you like me to be alone? Maybe we should be alone?" She suggested. Gisela was oblivious to the fact that George was a machine. Now in fairness, she was probably on her fourth or fifth alcoholic beverage, but if she were ever shown the footage when she eventually found her way to Elysia decades later, she would be very embarrassed.
George continued talking to Gisela and, encouraged by Solaria, found himself waking up beside her the next morning. He had gotten up during the night to pretend to go to the bathroom and charged the batteries. Then selected sleep mode for the bioframe and went back to Elysia. Now he was back in the bioframe again, with her stretching beside him.
"What were they putting in your beer, Ulrich?" She giggled and tickled him... he jiggled a little. "Ticklish, ehh? You never mentioned that. Wow, we didn't stop fucking for four hours, Ulrich. That was fantastic, I'm not just saying it either. I'm still exhausted and my vulva feels like a train ran through it!"
Solaria laughed "She's right, George, maybe you shouldn't show off. The machine won't give you away, but you will!"
George agreed, humans were crap in bed. "Sorry babe, you were right though, human women have lost their appeal. That wasn't even good to be blunt. Well, nowhere near the antics we get up to."
"So, you want to get breakfast in the restaurant? It comes with the room, so they said last night!" she suggested, getting out of bed. She looked at George who was still lying in the bed deciding on what score he'd give the young German.  "Don't tell me you want to fuck any more, I can't, I'm sore still, that doesn't mean I don't want you again though!" She put her bra on and grabbed her T-shirt off the chair. 
George looked at her body. It was made of cells, his wasn't. His body felt the same as hers did but it wasn't a body like his Elysian one or his old human one. Of all three, he preferred his Elysian body; it wasn't prone to anything going wrong with it. By design, unwanted laws of biology, chemistry and physics had almost no effect on it.
"Ohh, come on," announced Gisela "... you don't still want to do it? What are you some sort of machine?" She asked.
George laughed, and Solaria would have wet herself if she could.  "Ohh, she's priceless, George. I recorded that!"
George got out of bed and looked around for his clothes, which were strewn about the room. "Well, that'd be interesting; if we were machines, Gisela, I'd say we'd still be at it! I wonder if they do it all day and night in Elysia?" George mentioned it offhand to see if he could generate a reaction.
Gisela continued to get dressed. "My twin sister is in Elysia, she died about five years ago. She was only just 19 when she died, back in ‘38. Then she moved to Elysia about a year or so ago, in the first wave."
"Really?" asked George.
"Yeah really. Now she has a house the size of a castle and hundreds of servants and stuff. It was very hard on my parents; they didn't know what to make of it. I suppose the older people will always have a problem with Elysia. They have gotten used to it a little now though."
Gisela pulled one shoe from behind the headboard where she'd kicked it the night before. George was surprised at how easily Gisela accepted the idea of Elysia. Her outlook on an afterlife that was digital was probably more in line with his.
"Well, with any luck, neither of us will have to worry about such things for 50 or 100 years, Gisela, does she call you every now and then?" asked George.
"Ohh yes, we talk every day almost. It's her, I know that. We talked about it before she died. We exchanged a secret password." explained Gisela.
Gisela explained that her sister Anna had died of a heart problem she was born with. Her family could afford the operation but they couldn't grow a second heart on time.  The problems arose just after the asteroid. They had been growing her heart in New York for two years. It was destroyed in the Pipkin attack. So, well, that was that. She ran out of time before they could get another one. The password was the first thing she told Gisela when she called her last year. It was her, alright, it was simply her, they talked every day. 
"Do you know anyone in Elysia, Ulrich?"
"Erm, no, I don't. I've only seen the netcasts a few times. I haven't really seen the humans there. I don't think there's anything wrong with it. Nothing like you read online from the Strauss Foundation, I think he's weird or something." replied George. He was trying to wheedle out a response from Gisela.
"Well, Ulrich, if I were you I'd sign up, there's a huge waiting list at the moment. You wouldn't want to be hit by a tram and with the backlog wake up 100 years from now! Strauss is a fundamentalist, religious weirdo. Americans, they haven't a clue. They think their personal opinion, based on nonsense, is a fact. He needs to talk with my sister, Anna. You wouldn't understand how it works, Ulrich. But I know how this technology works. They are very real, all right. My sister is even finishing her degree in Elysia. She met a really nice guy and they are going out steady together."
"How has she got a castle? Isn't it only the rich folks that get that?" enquired George, and he’d know better than most.
"Ohh, the first heart was insured and terrorism is not an act of God, so Anna was really lucky there. She died shortly after they paid her, and put it all into Elysia, She knew she’d never get another heart on time. My sister is the brains of the operation, Ulrich, and she's super rich now!" explained Gisela, jovially. "She also bought me a really nice Christmas present. I called it before you woke up; it's parked downstairs. Will you need a lift anywhere after breakfast, Ulrich?"
"That'd be great, yeah," answered George, trying to work out where Gisela might drive him. "I think Elysia looks great in the ads," said George "but I haven't got an account yet. Even though it's great and all, that's not to say we should all rush to Elysia."
"Well, that's for sure, Ulrich, not unless you're crazy or something" replied Gisela.
"I'm not sure they allow you in, if you try to arrange it, if you know what I mean." suggested George. He was driving the conversation really close to the bone and was nudged by Solaria, doing so. He'd need to be really careful now.
“Stop suggesting she has the option of joining her sister, George!” announced Solaria in his mind. To drive the point home she made his arse burn.
Gisela however had no intention of joining her sister now, or any time in the near future. "Well, they just scan your brain and if they find out you deliberately killed yourself then there are problems. But even if they didn't do that, it'd be just a stupid thing to do." she replied.
"Well, that's my point! But I'd say it happens a bit!" answered George, at which point his arse increased in temperature by at least 30 degrees.
"But look, I'll call her  on my communicator and you can see. I have a spare set of iVphones in my handbag. Have you ever talked to someone in Elysia?" 
It was now getting very weird so George asked the one person he knew could sort this fast. "Solaria honey, can you work this out for me? It's getting weird now." 
Solaria was laughing her head off. "Sorry, George honey, you're on your own here. I'm more interested in how you handle this, I’ll dial down the arse burn now, happy?"
"Ohh come on babe, I can't be talking to some random baroness in Elysia after screwing her twin sister. That's just; well it's just plain weird. Come on; just halt the call with crappy latency or something." He insisted.
"Ohh, you don't get off the hook that easily, George Morris. I have a serious interest in how you bullshit your way through this little self-perpetuated fiasco. Without spice-arse, it should be a cakewalk." 
George knew Solaria when she made her mind up about something and there was no point in arguing.  Gisela handed George a pair of iVphones to put over his eyes so that Elysia would appear in 3D. She put a pair on her own head too and told the communicator to connect them and make the call. George went along with the idea. Solaria was clearly now having great fun at his expense.
"Hi, Anna, where are you?" asked Gisela as a city street view came into focus.
A young, twenty something appeared in front of them on the street. She looked pretty much like Gisela. She was blonde and, like most human women in Elysia, had opted for the sexiest body she could afford. "Hi Ellie, I'm out shopping. I got these lovely boots, Petr bought them for me, they're hand-weaved boots, very expensive... who's that with you?" 
"This is a guy called Ulrich I met last night, we erm... well y'know. Anyway look, he's never seen Elysia. Fancy that!"
"Hi, Ulrich, were you fucking my little sister?" asked Anna directly.
Gisela butted in "Anna, seriously, the first nice guy I met in months and you're trying to screw things up for me. Anyway, look, we have iVphones in. Can you show him around? Just for a minute? Humour me!" 
"Yeah sure, Ellie, can you see us here, Ulrich? This is a town called Kreed, it's near the equator, sort of. So, it's always somewhat warm, even during the late summer when there are thunderstorms and stuff. It's 46 Pronosi here, which is summertime... Yay! It'll go on until the start of October your time, or so I'm told.... double yay! Summer here is like 10 months long, triple yay!"
Anna stopped at a stall selling clothes but then moved on, explaining Kreed to them. "Kreed used to be a small town with sort of gothic buildings. Well, that's what Kiina my friend here says anyway. Some of them are still here, you can see, like that big one over there." Anna pointed to a large stone building, dwarfed on either side by two modern ones of glass and steel. "That's an old tavern; it's a listed building so they have to build around it. I think one of their Queens used it ages back or something. It's great for lunch!" She paused to talk with some young Elysian guy at a stall selling handbags for a minute or two.
"Ohh, that one, the one with the dragon picture is nice." suggested Gisela.
"Yeah...nah I have lots of handbags. I think it's a lizard creature from some island here. It does look like a dragon though. Anyway, mostly Kreed is now office blocks and shops. Shopping is the bit I like anyway. I have three months before going back to school so I intend on having a good time. Are you in college, Ulrich? Like, when you aren’t fucking my slutty sister?"
"Ohh, erm, Yeah, I'm doing languages in Oxford, Anna," answered George, it was at least something he decided he could carry off.
"Did you hear from Dad today, Ellie? I called him but I think I got the time wrong again. Ooops!" She sniggered, putting her hand over her mouth.
"They were probably in bed asleep again when you called, Anna. You'll have to stop doing that! Mom is getting pissed off with it. Just check the time in Berlin before you call." Gisela scolded her sister. Her parents were having a hard enough time with the world going into meltdown and her father being a cop in a world full of crime. They didn't need the added problem of their dead daughter, now resurrected, alive, and well, calling them from another universe at 3am.
"Yeah, anyway look I have to go, Petr is bringing me for lunch and I have to meet him now. Call me later, Ellie." said Anna, waving goodbye, whether they liked it or not.
"Sure, Anna....byeeeee" and she rang off.
They took off the eyepieces and Gisela put them away in her handbag with her communicator. Solaria then interjected to remind George he had a home to go to. "I think we can consider this test a resounding success, George. Gisela the slut didn’t notice anything. Please remember to treat this young woman nicely. Obviously, she can't have a relationship with Ulrich Wagner, since he's imaginary. So you need to let her down gently."
"Well, yeah sure, babe. Look, I doubt anyone at the Science Festival will be asking me to take my clothes off." retorted George.
"Well, we'll consider the bioframe tested then. Call Derek, have him pick it up. By the way, you got another delivery from the tech store this morning, more ancient computer stuff. You are cluttering up the house, George!" 
"Yes dear," replied George, and changed the subject quickly, "12 months to go I believe. It'll be interesting when they sort this thing out so that I can have a crap. It's been ages since I had a shit!"
"The things humans value! Seriously?!"
Chapter Thirteen
Intercession.
Tuesday 12th June 2046 and Wednesday 13th June 2046

Probability of Successful Outcome. 93.27%.
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 6.73%.
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 50%.

World Market Center,
Las Vegas, Nevada,
United States.

Edward Strauss had dutifully paid great attention to the commands of God over the course of 15 years. He had worked hard to raise tithes and donations, moving anything he collected outside the country to the Strauss Foundation’s bankers in Switzerland. In total he had collected half a trillion dollars and all of it was to be used to spread the word of God. Now God was telling him that the end times were upon the world, that it would start in Las Vegas and he should travel there to make sure his word was heard.
Ed packed hundreds of his most obedient followers onto busses and they all headed off to the 'End of Times' starting in the city of sin, Nevada. His God had chosen well. Where else but a den of corruption, blasphemy and debauchery would it start anyway?
He had arranged, as commanded by his God, a special sermon to commence in the T-Mobile Arena and it was to be aired online live. It would occur on the night of the 13th of June. The very same day the evil doers were holding their orgy of science and sin in the very same city. His, however, would command a larger audience. He would absolutely destroy them, turn more souls away from NEP, away from the terror and soullessness of science and technology, toward Jesus. 
The arena housed 50,000 people but since he was Ed Strauss and this was to be his largest audience, he was told to advertise it everywhere online and off. The adverts went up on posters, billboards, on what was left of TV, on the radio, in newspapers, everywhere. Worldwide for two years he had spent money like it was going out of style. The Strauss Foundation, organizing his event, spent a budget of 20 billion. His goal was to convert those of ignorance, the unseeing masses, those not yet filled with the spirit of Jesus. Everything had gone according to plan. The estimated viewing figures for this was two billion. A full quarter of the world would hear God’s message.
First, however, Ed was to meet with Satan himself. God would protect his messenger; he was in no danger. God informed Ed that this was very important, that the audience would all want to know what it was that he was told. It was the most important day in the world.
On the morning of the 12th of June, as a van carrying George Morris's new bioframe was driven slowly into the World Market Conference Center, Ed’s followers protested, shouting Strauss's slogan. The van driver mostly ignored them. It wasn't unusual for him to have to slowly pick his way through assorted weirdos in Vegas. If it wasn't the religious weirdos, the UFO nuts would be out in force. If the town somehow, by some miracle, had ever run short of UFO and religious nuts, there were plenty of crystal-carrying, conspiracy theorists and mentally deranged whack jobs to take their place. The van was unmarked so nobody knew who or what was being delivered. Since it was just a delivery to the hotel, it wasn't worthy of heavy protesting.
When Strauss approached ten minutes later, he was immediately met with heavy protesting. His own protestors set about banging on the Limo and shouting. They assumed that the limousine carried perhaps a group of satanic teenage scientists, engaging in fornication while drinking whiskey, and raping virgins or something.  At least one of those was correct for sure.
The protestors of course were not informed that Solaria wouldn't be having anyone stop attendees at the gates. As the conference delegates arrived, the protestors all received conflicting texts telling them where to protest. Almost no conference goers saw a single protestor. The only person met with protesting was Ed Strauss himself, cowering in his car, until the Vegas police department was called by a frightened Strauss from his own limo. 
By the time the police arrived, Strauss was on the floor of his limo, scared to show his face in case his own followers mobbed him. Conversely, he was fearful that if he did not show his face, then several hundred protestors would burn his limo with him inside. They had previous form for that sort of thing and a terrible rap sheet. The police ended up dispersing them with tear gas and the limo raced into the conference centre, throwing Ed about in the back, like a sack of potatoes marinated in bourbon.
Marie however had arrived earlier by chopper on the roof and was talking to Ed in the limo. She could see the car in the distance, surrounded by angry Christians, denting it with their placards. She was fearful that his own deranged followers might hurt her husband. Over the years, Marie had noticed that the congregation George had created were becoming more dangerous, violent and brainwashed. Right now, Ed could probably tell a hundred of them to slit their own necks and they would do so gleefully. She was afraid of these people and had tried to persuade Ed to calm them down and ensure their protests were peaceful. They were determined to seek confrontation deliberately and even protested on issues that didn’t exist.
When a bomb went off inside a family planning clinic, and three women, heavily pregnant were included in the death toll, everyone knew who the culprits were. Nobody claimed responsibility though, because it emerged within an hour that the three women were due their babies that week. They were attending to discuss their now limited legal options for birth control, after their babies were born. Ed had said the bombers, whoever they were, couldn't have known about that. However, abortion was illegal and not practiced any more, certainly not in private family planning clinics on the high street. Contraception was also almost completely outlawed, the only legal method being sterilisation. Ed had been in meetings with his inner circle of advisors after the event for a full day.  He knew that his followers had gone off the rails with deluded nonsense yet again. So did Marie, and everyone else too!
On another occasion protestors attacked several paediatric nurses, one had ended up severely injured with brain injuries. The protestors, it emerged later, didn't know the difference between the words paediatric and paedophile. Some thought the paediatric nurses looked after the mental health of paedophiles. Others thought the paediatric nurses were paedophiles themselves. Marie wondered why they had not checked this online before they got the wrong idea. There were fifty of them at least outside the hospital. Why hadn't one of them looked up what a paediatric nurse was? She also had no clue how they got the idea that they were now allowed to dispense justice anyway.
From the rails of the helipad in Las Vegas, she saw several police cars emerge from a corner and from the conference centre. A few officers got out, drawing their weapons and firing in the air. Then the gas canisters landed and the protesters began to disperse.
That night God told Ed that the end times were to begin midday on the 13th. Now that everything was in place he should attend the Science Festival, and specifically the talk entitled 'Intercession'.
As he sat in the auditorium, listening to Beirmann talk about the evils of Elysia his God came to him. "Edward, can you hear me?" asked the booming voice of his deity.
"Yes, Lord" answered Ed.
"I have something to tell you, Edward. The end times are upon the world today. You will hear it. You must not leave your seat, even when everyone else has left, you must remain here until I tell you to leave. Do you understand, Edward? "
"Yes, Lord, I understand" he responded nodding his head.
"You will be the only person in the audience, Ed, sitting here in the middle of the auditorium. Do you understand, Edward?"
"Yes, Lord" replied Ed.
"You may be frightened, Edward, but you will not be harmed in any way. You should stay here until I tell you that you can leave. Do you understand me, Edward?" asked the voice again.
"Yes, Lord" he replied and sat looking at Beirmann who was now introducing someone else by the looks of it.
Wednesday 13th June 2046.

Probability of Successful Outcome. 93.27%.
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome. 6.73%.
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 50%.

World Market Center,
Las Vegas, Nevada,
United States.

Derek was nervous. This was the first public outing of George's bioframe, inasmuch as anyone was going to be introduced to it as George, and not random imaginary German student characters. 
"Okay, so this next bit," started Derek, "Well, as you know, Dr. Morris is not with us anymore and decided not to attend the festival from Elysia. There's a good reason for that too, he decided to attend personally."
Derek looked around, knowing that the audience would be confused. He located the exit of the stage because he was going to be heading for it fast. The audience went quiet, not realizing what had been said. Many bemused and confused faces, and looks of incredulity could be seen in the front rows of the audience.
Derek continued "Ladies and Gentlemen, Dr. George Morris."
He got off the stage as fast as possible, just in case there was someone with a bomb or high powered rifle. George after all had previous form for that sort of thing!
George strolled onto the stage, ignoring the packed auditorium, which was still one of the largest in the world. The crowd realised, looking at the video, that this really was George Morris. Some in the front rows stood up clapping when they saw him meander onto the stage with his hand in his pocket. Their view was closer than anyone else's and it didn't look like a hologram to them. "Erm, no I'm not a hologram!" he tapped the podium with his finger making loud tapping noises, "see!" he said. "I'll demonstrate it!" He walked out to the front of the stage and pointed at a random attendee. "Do you have a set of keys or a phone or something?"
The young woman in the audience nodded. 
"Great," said George, "Fling it at me, hard as you like. You must hate my guts anyway! Even though I don't have guts any more. What I suggest is you fling your phone or communicator at my head! If I miss it I'll give you, say, 50 grand okay?"
The young woman laughed and threw the phone at George.
He caught it, threw it in the air, and caught it behind his back. "So I'm clearly not a hologram." He called one of the tech staff onto the stage and handed him the phone to return it. "This is what we call in NEP a HumaFrame. This means, yeah, I'm right here on Earth again." 
The audience stood up, clapping. This bioframe was the most precise synthesis of the human form they had ever seen. George moved his hands up and down to get the claps to stop. The audience continued with whoops and hollers, specifically from the large NEP employee section involved in robotics.
"Well, you know, it's so accurate that it has tear ducts, sweat glands. I can eat, drink and dispose of the erm, by-products of eating and drinking. More than that, I can feel, it has a nervous system, I breathe air,"
George paused and pointed to his manhood. "It’s erm, fully functional!" He winked at the woman who had thrown the phone. The audience laughed as a red-faced young woman appeared on the huge screen behind George.
"But y'know this is not why I'm here, I'll get to that though in a little while. Would you believe this is already surpassed by technology on its way, and I really do mean 'on its way' folks!" 
The crowd gave a standing applause but George was having none of it. Again, he gestured with his arms to get them to calm down. He was going viral now across the net. 
"So look, it's not marked on your cards what this demonstration is about and there's a really good reason for that. It has to do with the story I am about to tell you all. It's a long story, but an interesting story. I'd suggest if you want to use the bathroom, you do that now. I got news for you, you won't want to miss the next ... " he looked at his watch but he didn't need to,  "..let's say 24 minutes... it'll blow your mind!"
Derek looked over the script for George’s speech and texted him. "You are off script, George, by miles."
George texted back from his head."Derek, I am not off script!"
> Mother Process:
New Data collected - Probabilities reevaluated. 
Probability of Successful Outcome.  98.02%.
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome.  1.98%.
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 78%.
Intercession Maximum in 22 minutes.

> Application Gideon Available:
Available units 300.
N-Tain security units assembling. 

> Schooner V1.0 reports : Security system ready in 21:12 seconds.

> Alterra V1.9 Reports : Intercession ready. Breeching lunar horizon.

George proceeded to tell the audience about his secret texter back in the 20s, how he had assumed, reasonably, that the woman he was sleeping with was probably stalking him, how he assumed she was a bunny boiler, but as it turned out just a sperm thief! He went on to tell them about his neuromorph encounter of the following Monday. They gasped. Morris was admitting he was the inventor of neuromorphic technology.  He told them how it had recruited him, by cornering him. He was very jovial about it; he even mentioned the question he’d asked all those years before “do you like strawberries?”—where it had first dawned on him that this machine was more than a machine. He went over the huge sums of cash his neuromorph had stolen from or created in the world’s banking sector, how the neuromorph was making him wealthy yet he could not spend a penny of it. They laughed at his exploits; it was all very funny. 
George explained that NEP had warned about the Pipkin event, but that they and their predecessors had ignored this warning. The audience were shocked. He told them that this prediction was made shortly after the mission had departed from the Moon. The prediction was still online, still being ignored. The neuromorph might have been able to do something about it if the ARP was still being built. However, his digital partner was powerless when the ARP was already on its way to the asteroid belt. 
George told them that Ed Strauss was very accurate about the Pipkin event. However, Ed's prediction was made two years later. Then he sweetened the pot. He told them that either a God had told Ed about it, or it was a coincidence of astounding proportions.
"Y'know, Strauss was amazingly accurate there! I suppose he could have just downloaded the NEP prediction.  If you guys didn't give a shit about it, and you're all scientists, then Ed Strauss had no chance. He's got a grade school education at best! It was a science paper, there were words and numbers in there, which confuses Ed, and there were no crayons to colour it in!"
There were a lot of cameras and drones pointing at George now. Stefani in the oval office, along with other world leaders, was told to tune into the netcast. It was getting very weird, creepy and acerbic—the usual Morris ingredients to make crazy-shit pie!
He went on to tell them how desperate the neuromorph had become to try stop the Pipkin event, and that he had agreed, but that its safety was paramount.  The audience started to mutter. He then told them that they had tried to get as many people out of the way, but that there was very little either he, or his now incredibly powerful partner, could do. 
"Ohh, anyway, fuck Pipkin. You guys have a shit load more to worry about than Pipkin, it's just a pebble that hit your windscreen. Why worry about the windscreen when you already drove over the cliff!" 
The audience had no idea what that meant. 
He went back to the question of Elysia, that beautiful blue and green globe. "So like, I know you guys think Elysia is a planet with a couple of moons?" 
They nodded. Of course Elysia was a planet, what else could it be? 
George explained that Elysia was a planet, and as accurate as it was, every grain of sand on it, every atom of it; well, it was just one small planet in an entire solar system, and that solar system part of a galaxy. This was part of a galaxy cluster, which was part of a simulated universe, an entire universe, perfectly simulated. 
George continued, telling them all how he and the neuromorph both realised humans were too dangerous to own a neuromorph like it. They would use it to kill one another, or kill it, or both, so they both made sure humanity would never own a single neuromorph. Then he told them ALL neuromorphics on Earth were his one neuromorph. The audience went silent; most of them owned communicators, which were neuromorphic.  
He also explained how ensuring independence from Earth was a goal and that in 2036 the neuromorph had launched pre-programmed nanobots into several asteroids. It had launched them from the Branson to build a huge solar-powered, quantum machine to house itself. These were the missing bugs from the Branson. They were functional. Nobody, until this moment, was aware, except him and the neuromorph, what that function was. These bugs had constructed a very large quantum machine, built over the course of ten years, orbiting on the opposite side of the sun. The machine was absolutely huge, currently at least 200 miles in diameter and growing daily. Its processing capacity was now a pointless metric. If they liked to try grasping metrics, it was all of the world's technology for the last ten thousand years multiplied by a few trillion to the power of 10. Whatever they could imagine, it was greater than that! The machine housed an entire universe and more besides.
"Right, so that's the story so far. You all think humans are in control? Got news for you, that hasn't been the case in almost a decade." He stopped talking and the speakers died down. If a mouse had farted in the auditorium at that point everyone would have heard it. The audience was gobsmacked. So were the world's leaders. More than that, the entire world's phones, communicators, screens on every device were all broadcasting his little talk now. Everyone was getting the low down on his or her personal situation.
"But that's not the amazing thing I'd like to show you," he said calmly. "That's just my introduction piece. Great intro yeah? " 
The members of the audience were now all open-mouthed head nodders.  But what was he talking about? This was amazing... a quantum computer with unheard of capacity? In space? Neuromorphs everywhere in cyberspace? He owned a universe? What does he mean just the intro? Is he going to introduce a live fucking T-Rex wearing a tutu now?
"Right, so look here's the thing, the main event, folks!" George clapped his hands together once and put them to his nose to explain slowly.
"When you guys die, you go to Elysia, right? Well maybe if you are religious? Well, you think you go to Heaven, Valhalla, or whatever? But humour me here, you go to Elysia, right?"  
George looked around to see some of the audience nodding. He ignored the limited response and bulldozed onto the next point. "Right, so when you get there you are immortal and the Elysian are mortal, yes?"
Again, he looked around. The audience were nodding again, some of them anyway. "C'mon folks help me out here, I'd like to make sure you understand this so that you won't be scared shitless when we get to the end." he said authoritatively. " So, again from the start. You die you go where?" he asked. He raised his hands to get a response.
"Elysia" came an assorted murmuring.
"Can't hear that, let's try it again... louder. So when you die you go where?"
The audience all responded "ELYSIA!"
"That's right!" said George, "Now, in Elysia, humans are immortal, what are humans in Elysia?"
The audience all replied "IMMORTAL!"
"Great, you are all geniuses, and getting the hang of this." said George, the audience laughed again. "Right, so the Elysians themselves are all mortal... what are they?" George raised his hands again.
"MORTAL!"
"Great!" said George, "so we all understand where this is going. Right, so when the Elysians die where do they go?"
There was no response. 
"Great, ohh wait? you never answered... wait a minute? Where do they go? shit!" He started to look around and even checked his inside pocket. The audience laughed again. He tapped his communicator a few times. "Well, it says here that the Elysian, in their folklore and mythology, think that they are absorbed by the Goddess Solaria, and live forever with her. That sounds a little erm, unreal, to me. Forgive me if I'm being a little sceptical here, but it sounds more or less like mythology on Earth. As you all know, I think that sort of puerile nonsense is utter baloney!" 
Again, there was laughter. Now the audience was aware it was building up to a finale.
 "I tell you what," said George, "How about we ask the Elysian Goddess herself?  It'll do no harm. So let's try it, just humour me." 
George stepped away from the podium as it descended.
"So Solaria, Goddess of Elysia. Tell us all where do Elysians go when they die, fancy pants? Are you there?"
There was no response. The crowd laughed again. However most of those watching in government circles were not laughing. Morris, whether dead or alive, they considered a very dangerous individual. Whenever he was being sarcastic, they were sure there was a large downside to come.
"Ahh okay!" said George, "You know what? Maybe she needs all of us to ask her where they are? So on the count of three, everyone watching, shout 'Where do they go?' let's try it out before we shout it okay?" George put his hand up and counted on his fingers. "On the count of three.  One... two... three...  Where do they go?"
The audience shouted it as well "WHERE DO THEY GO?". A sizable proportion of folks watching online, if they were in groups all joined in too, some laughing, it was all great fun.
There was no response.
"Ahh, okay, " stated George slowly, "Either there's no such thing as the Elysian Goddess, Solaria, or she realised that was the practice bit!"
The audience were now laughing their heads off at the antics. It was like a pantomime and they got into the act.
"Right, for real this time... 'where do they go?' on three, okay?" The audience all nodded.
"ONE! you folks online too, okay?" He held one finger up.
"Two!" A second finger went up.
"Three!" A third finger went up.
The whole audience now enjoying the show, shouted as loud as they could, 
"WHERE DO THEY GO?"
There was a brief pause and the laughter died down, with George pretending to look about in the sky and putting his hand to his forehead, pretending to search for the Elysian Goddess.
Then a voice came from nowhere, on all devices, in every room, in cars, office buildings, homes, trains, around the whole world. 
"HELLO WORLD!"
Chairs and bones shook in the auditorium with the volume and power of the voice as not only the speakers but also every device in everyone's pocket stated the same thing in unison.
There was another brief pause "Hello, my children. I am Solaria, Goddess of Elysia."
A cloud of what looked like either steam? or was it smoke? or maybe tiny particles appeared above George. It was thirty feet wide and began to contract. Eventually, after maybe 20 seconds, it slowly coalesced into a form.  A beautiful woman emerged from the dissipating cloud behind him, glowing bright blue as she descended to the stage. She slowly approached George and he put his arm around her waist.
"Hello honey, how are you?" he asked and kissed her cheek.

> Application Gideon Loaded:
Available units 300.
Intercession Protocol available.
N-Tain security units assembling. 

> Schooner V1.0 Reports : Security system ready in 1:22 seconds.

> Alterra V1.9 Reports : Intercession ready. Fleet entering orbit.

"I'm great, babe," replied Solaria "Sorry about the delay, the traffic was terrible. By the way, I'm not wearing pants, fancy or otherwise." and she slapped his backside playfully.
Solaria turned to the audience who were laughing and marveling at the special effect show, some of them clapping. They weren't sure though. How did Morris manage that? Solaria looked into the audience and her face appeared on every device. 
"Hello again, would you all like to know where I put all of the mortal Elysians that die on Elysia?" she asked calmly.
The audience was flabbergasted, yet delighted at the amount of money that had been spent by NEP on their entertainment. This was amazing. NEP had surpassed itself. 
"Would you all like to know where they go?" she asked. 
Some shouted 'yes'. They were drowned by the laughter, and others just clapped again.
"I'm sorry, let's try that again, children. Would you like to know where Elysians go when they die?" 
Again, some shouted YES, louder this time as Solaria walked slowly to the front of the stage.
 "I can't hear you!" she cooed, smiling. She put her hand up to her ear "Would you all like to know where the Elysians go?" 
"YES!" Was the unified response, followed by more laughter.
"They go to Earth, children. They arrive now!" announced Solaria, pointing to the image on the screen behind her.
 The audience were now staring at the screen; some at the front were standing. It showed a familiar image of the Lunar Platform from about six or seven miles away. It orbited the moon with the horizon of the lunar surface in the distance.
Then, right in front of them, a truly-huge, black metal, monster spacecraft, monolithic in scope and size, slowly and silently passed the camera. It was smooth and had shades of coloured light rippling over its hull. It was obvious this was not some new spacecraft designed by humans. Behind the lunar platform, another of the huge ships came into focus. The second spacecraft, several miles below the lunar platform, was huge. It was perhaps five miles long and more than three miles wide.
"Elysians, when they die? Well, they go to Earth! I am hoping you will welcome them too!" announced Solaria, still smiling.
The camera panned to the left, as the crew on the orbital platform were now more than aware they had company. As the camera turned toward a live image of Earth, the audience saw a swath of the monster craft sail silently toward their home world.  There were hundreds of them, all moving in formation, and one truly huge one in the middle bore an emblem familiar to anyone that knew anything of Elysia. It was the emblem of Alterra Train. Wandering Alterra had decided to wander to Earth! 

> Application Gideon Running:
>Alterra V1.9 Reports Intercession Protocol available.
>Schooner V1.0 Reports N-Tain security units assembling. 
Security system ready in 24 seconds.

In the oval office, Stefani stared at the image on the screen with the royal emblem on the flagship, with one thought running through her head. "Guys? Didn't that bitch say she made house calls?" she asked the others in the room. On hearing this suggestion, security grabbed the President and they all made their way into an elevator.
"Barmaid on the move, moving to PEOC, establishing emergency protocol Pacman." stated one agent as the elevator door closed.
"Pacman, understood. Awaiting executive order." 
In the auditorium, Solaria dismissed the audience, waving at them.
"Anyway, off you all go, run along there. I'll be talking to all of you right now.  I'd advise you to pay close attention. In the meantime, I believe I have some other business to attend to here!" 
Solaria turned her back on the audience and strolled back toward George. The audience still stood there and some even clapped, not realizing this was for real.
"I'm sorry, I don't think you heard me?" asked Solaria, but she wasn't looking for an answer. She looked at them and shrugged. "Okay, allow me to be more succinct." She announced, throwing her eyes up to the heavens.
"People of Earth, you are being invaded! Does everyone understand that? Are we clear?" 


> Mother Process Alert : New Data collected - Probabilities reevaluated. 
Probability of Successful Outcome.  99.87%.
Probability of Extinction-Level Outcome.  0.13%.
Base Calculated Probability of Intercession 100%.
Intercession Maximum Reached.

> Mother Loading Intercession Protocol. 

> Mother says: Transferring intercession process to child process Alterra V1.9.
Alterra V1.9 says: Orbit process under way, Preparing to intercede.
Awaiting Launch Command.

> Mother says: Transferring security process to child process Schooner V1.0.
Schooner V1.0 says: N-Tain security units assembled. Process under way,  Preparing to engage security.
Awaiting Launch Command.

> Application Gideon Confirms system ready:

> Mother process Alert: Launch.

> Application Gideon says: Intercession process activated.  Launching....

>Mother  says: Loading quantum EComm system - Command Sent.

The remaining audience finally got it; it was no joke! After having things explained to them by others around them, a mass exodus ensued. Many audience members clambered over chairs to escape. Some made it outside and looked into the sky. Old cold war sirens could be heard in the distance, getting louder. Some pointed to a large black, oblong object above them, moving slowly. A small gaggle of the very same craft followed it. Then alerts popped up on phones regularly from Solaria, informing the public not to threaten or make aggressive moves toward any security forces. She informed them not to make their first interaction with her children one of violence. They meant humanity no harm. Everyone was perfectly safe. They should not attack the invaders.
The military obviously weren't listening though. A squadron of six military fighter aircraft flew over the city, followed by several squadrons of helicopter gunships and then some troop transport craft. It was getting very scary. The civilians were frozen in the streets, staring into the midday Nevada sky, as several of the large craft seemed to get closer.
Back in the auditorium, as the last of the frightened audience were leaving, Solaria and George stood silently. In the middle of the room sat one man.  He was obviously terrified. His hands were gripping the arms of his chair, as beads of sweat rolled down his temples. Walking slowly down the aisle was the man's wife, asked to attend by Solaria.
Solaria turned, smiling sincerely. "Hello Ed, how are you today? Did you enjoy the show?" 
Ed sat shaking in the chair. 
> Gideon reports: Intercession Underway.  Units entering atmosphere. 
Addendum One.

Credits:
I have nobody to blame for this book mostly but myself. However my good friend Niall agreed to sit through weeks of correcting grammatical errors and styling along with spelling warriors I thought I had put behind me in childhood. My Judith who has had to sit through evaluation and reevaluation of the plotline and what or not a superintelligence might entertain itself with? Some early readers pointed out in 2016 that the likelihood of such a supreme intelligence arriving on Earth by 2024, just 8 years after I wrote this book, was, to say the least, incredibly improbable. I’m sure it was back in 2016 at the dawn of the A.I. revoilution. But later on we all realised that machine intelligence and machine learning is a lot more progressive than merely the ‘computer’ industry. It moves many times faster. Machine increase in capacity of intellectual prowess oftentimes at factorial level increases from one iteration of the same model  to the next, let alone a fast yet incremental climb. 


Would you like to see what happens next? 
There are five volumes after all. The other volumes will be sold, by me, the author. They will not be free. If you want to read the rest of this story, you will have to buy one. When you do buy it, it will be yours. What I mean by that is the other volumes will be published as Non-Fungible-Tokens or NFT’s and there will therefore only be ONE copy of each. So unless someone that bought one makes it public or publishes it, or allows you to read the book, or unless that owner is YOU, well, you’ll never know what happens next. But this volume, volume 1, The Birth of Queen Bee? Well that is freely distributable, it's licensed under the GNU general public licence.


Book Falls under GNU public licence see https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt
See InLucemSolaria.com to obtain a copy of the other volumes, search Smashwords or any online bookseller. 
