In Search of the Land of the Goddess of Summer. 
Book 1. 
Sword of Legends and the Story that Began a Long Time Ago...

Elena Kryuchkova


 
“In Search of the Land of the Goddess of Summer. Book 1. Sword of Legends and the Story that Began a Long Time Ago...”
Written By Elena Kryuchkova
Translated by Linda Claymore
Copyright © 2022 Elena Kryuchkova
All rights reserved
Cover - Image by peter_pyw from Pixabay

In Search of the Land of the Goddess of Summer. Book 1. Sword of Legends and the Story that Began a Long Time Ago...
Elena Kryuchkova


Prologue. Past
Prologue
Part 1. Sword of Legends
Chapter 1. Pixie and Fand. Leanan sidhes
Chapter 2. Sacred Sword
Part 2. Genesis 1
Chapter 3. The Past. Octavia and Rin
Chapter 4. The Past. Aruru's Diary. Danu's Diary
Chapter 5. The Past. Leon from Cornwall
Part 3. Agony
Chapter 6. The Queen and Nun-Galene
Chapter 7. Avalon. Lost memories. Lachesis — ‘Fate’

Synopsis:
Lucia lived a ordinary life. Almost ordinary, except for a few family oddities. But once her life changed a lot — she saw a battle between her acquaintance Leon and the girl Marianna. And Lucia found out that in fact, she was not at all human. And henceforth, it is drawn into the centuries-old conflict of the cosmic races: Leanan sidhes and Ishtars, whose causes are hidden in the mists of time...

This story is fiction and any similarity to real people or events are coincidental.
The characters of mythology are also changed: their characters, relationships and family ties are fiction. This story is completely fiction.

Prologue. Past
In ancient times, there was one myth now forgotten about how young men and women who came from Heaven took daughters and sons from the human race as wives and husbands.
And from these marriages, those who were called Pixies were born[1].
But the legends do not mention children who were born from Pixies and blood-related women or men from the human race.
Children, whose bodies were decomposed alive, every two moons, and flesh, which reappeared...
Doomed to life with pain and suffering...
The unfortunate children, doomed to almost immortality, received the name ‘Nagas’[2] because they, like snakes, changed their skin, and it reappeared.

451 AD, England
Lands that will become known in the future as the county of Cornwall in Britain are located in the southwest of the British island. In the past, during the reign of the Celts, these lands were inhabited by the Dumnones tribe. During the years of Roman rule[3], Cornwall underwent minimal romanization, and its economic activity was the extraction of tin and its export through small ports.
The Dumnones tribe retained their usual way of life and their rulers, who then became the kings of Dumnonia (as these lands were called in Celtic manner). But there was another name, this time of Saxon origin — Cornwall.
In the southeast, Cornwall washed the English Channel, and in the northwest the Celtic Sea.
Compared to other parts of the island, the weather was mildest and sunniest, and frosts were rare in winter. But the summer was not at all as warm as it might seem. And the rains were frequent guests in these places.
... With the fall of Roman rule at the beginning of the century, Britain broke up into independent regions. Kings and lords, some of whom converted to Christianity, while others are still faithful to pagan Celtic traditions, often fought with each other for lands. For, each sought to expand their possessions.
Laird Neil Phelan[4], placed his ‘castle’ in a former Roman fort. We must pay tribute that, despite its impressive age, the fort was distinguished by quality, and its walls, if necessary, were protected from the enemy.
Neil lived here with his beloved wife, Rowena[5], the widow of the Laird Agro, whose possessions were located nearby.
As soon as Laird died of a cold (which he caught during a military campaign) twenty years ago, Phelan, who had long been in love with the beautiful Rowena, proposed to her. And having sustained mourning for decency, the Lady became his wife.
Neil loved his wife so much that he even took care of her daughter from her first marriage, Mavella[6], who at that time had barely passed four years.
Laird treated the girls as his own daughter. Mavella herself also treated him like a father.
However, the gods sent Neil and Rowena another child. And about a year after the wedding, in due time, they had a son named Leon[7].
Leon grew up an active and smart child, with blue eyes and wonderful golden hair.
Later, Laird had another daughter from his lover. The girl was named Jonah. A few years ago, she successfully married one of her father’s warriors, Nevlin.
... In the absence of Neil other sons, he intended in the future to declare his son from a legal marriage as his heir.
And he entrusted his education to the Court Magician Taranis[8]. He taught the boy various sciences, military affairs, strategy and use a sword.
A few years ago, they left Phelan Castle and went on a journey at the insistence of Taranis. The father of the young man initially opposed this, but the Magician motivated him by saying that it would not hurt the heir to find out about the world outside the castle. Laird eventually agreed, and Leon and his mentor went on a journey.
... And now, a few years later, on a wonderful spring day, when everything revives, and the aromas of field herbs and melt water soar in the air, the wanderers returned to Phelan Castle.
Taranis hastened to appear before the Laird in order to report on his arrival. And young Leon, in spite of court decency, was in no hurry to meet his father, but in search of his beloved elder sister Mavella. She was a Pagan Priestess (Christianity had little influence in the domain of Phelan).
And she always got along well with her younger brother.
Mavella, being not the daughter of Neil, could not claim his land or other privileges. But still, several years ago, Laird successfully married her to one of his closest neighbors, Laird Boyd, and gave her a worthy dowry, including small land estates.
But Mavella often came to Phelan Castle. After all, she was a Priestess. She enjoyed great respect among the people. And the sanctuary, in which she often performed rituals, was in the lands of Laird Phelan.
... Leon walked along the corridors of the castle. His footsteps echoed softly in the stone arches.
Finally, the young man reached the door so familiar behind which were his sister’s chambers. He knocked and said:
“Mavella, it's me... Leon...” 
“Is sister there or not?” he thought.
But on the other side of the door, after a moment, excited quick steps were heard, the door opened and... Leon saw an attractive young girl with dark hair, several years older than him.
“Leon! You are back! How glad I am to see you!” Exclaimed Mavella (it was she).
Brother and sister hugged. After a long separation, they wanted to tell each other a lot. But the meeting of a touching family meeting was unexpectedly interrupted by a timid baby voice:
“Mom, who is this?” 
Leon noted with surprise that next to Mavella was a small blonde girl, about three years old. She cautiously pressed to her mother, wide-eyed eyes looking at an unexpected guest.
The girl was wearing an embroidered dress with long sleeves. But, despite the girl’s long dress, Leon involuntarily noted that the baby’s hands were tied with tight bandages.
“Sister, this is...” he said.
“My daughter, Marianna,” she answered.
“Daughter?” 
“Yes, my daughter is from Laird Boyd. She was born three years ago, after Beltane[9]. That year I was not able to be a Maiden Hunter blessing a Hunter who defeated a deer.” 
From these words, Leon's eyes involuntarily widened. With difficulty suppressing the excitement, he asked again:
“So her father is Laird Boyd?” And you are her own mother? Or maybe Laird Boyd already had a child?..” 
“She is our child with Laird Boyd,” Mavella nodded. “What? You have such a face...” 
“Ah, no, nothing... It's just a little unexpected! We have not seen each other for so long, and did not communicate with each other. But it turns out that such an important event happened!” 
“Yes... A lot has happened,” smiled Mavella.
“Really?” 
The thoughts flashed through Leon’s mind: “In our area there is a belief — that a person’s vital strength is in the blood of a person... And when I was little, Mavella was very ill. Then I wanted to help her and transferred my ‘life force’: I cut our with her hands a dagger, put my cut on her... Our blood mixed... Many years later I learned about Nagas, but I did not think that that incident in childhood would have consequences... The likelihood of such consequences was so low! But it happened... This girl... Is she Naga? ‘

Prologue
Vivianna Nimue[10], one of the Leanan sidhes[11] races, a silver-haired young woman who doesn’t even look like she was three thousand years old, was in a science laboratory at Avalon[12], which is now on Earth.
In a darkened room, in which there were many different devices, she watched a sealed capsule, inside of which, in a clear greenish liquid, was a girl with long dark hair.
This girl was the one who was called ‘Clotho’ — the owner of the System, able to connect to the astral Veda System, where all the events of the past were completely recorded. Of course, not this second, but minus two hours from the present moment.
Clotho created Ishtars (a race that for many centuries waged a sluggish war with Leanan sidhes) almost four thousand years ago. But they closed these experiments for unknown reasons.
For a long time, it was believed that Clotho was destroyed by Ishtars. But not so long ago, her capsule was discovered by Leanan sidhes in a certain underground Sumerian temple. That it was specifically ‘Clotho’, for some unknown reason, was written on the capsule. Otherwise, Leanan sidhes could not understand who is in front of them. Although, of course, only by the inscription, with full confidence, it was not possible to confirm the essence of the mysterious person.
Nevertheless, Vivianna Nimue, deputy head of the Science Department of Avalon (now residing on Earth for official reasons) and her confidant, Kernunn Cernunnos[13], was instructed to observe the capsule.
But all attempts to analyze in more detail or open the capsule with Clotho did not give the desired results. The only ‘sign of life’ that she showed was unknown frequencies periodically transmitted to her. To decipher which was not possible... But they certainly did not belong to the usual frequencies of Ishtars, which Leanan sidhes learned to recognize.
Vivianna was extremely bursting with a lack of result from the work done.
“Ahh! And yet, what kind of miracle are you with us?” She sighed in exasperation, looking at the mysterious girl. “Transmit these strange frequencies... Answer what they mean?” 
The answer was silence.
“And who am I asking, in the end?” The scientist sighed.
Meanwhile, Kernunn, one of the employees of the Science Department of Avalon, approached her. He was also three thousand years old, and he looked like a young man with blond hair.
“No change?” He asked.
“Of course,” Nimue sighed. And thoughtfully, she began to reason, looking at Clotho: “She was found about six months ago, when Leanan sidhes under the guise of Earth archaeologists excavated an ancient underground temple in Mesopotamia. Clotho was transferred to our Department for study. We found that the capsule with this girl is at least four thousand years old. It has the inscription ‘Clotho’ engraved in language of Ishtars. And apparently, this girl stayed in the capsule all this time. The capsule is completely sealed. We could only somehow connect our devices and scan it. Our scanners show that by the anatomical structure this girl is half Ishtar, and half Midgard[14], that is, Earthling or ordinary person. From time to time, it transmits some strange frequencies. And apparently, she was in this state for many centuries. Why would she change now?
There was a pause in the room. Kernunn broke the somewhat prolonged silence with the words:
“Soon a daughter of Danu should arrive on Avalon, right?” 
“Yes, if everything is in order, she and Danu will be here in a month. Danu will explain everything to her. But to be honest, I have a strange vague foreboding...” 
“What?” 
“As if someone should intervene in our plans...” 
Vivianna and Kernunn did not yet know how prophetic these words would turn out.

Part 1. Sword of Legends
Chapter 1. Pixie and Fand. Leanan sidhes
It was the beginning of summer, the sun's morning rays illuminated the earth. They fell on a three-story house in a traditional English style and a picturesque garden around it, located on the outskirts of a small coastal village in Cornwall County.
Golden light softly enveloped numerous garden flowers and trees. One of the most annoying rays shone directly through the window on the third floor.
Through the gap in the beige curtains, the ray penetrated the girl’s room with beige walls and furniture a few tones darker than the walls.
The owner of the room, nineteen-year-old Lucia Williams, a pretty young lady with long caramel hair, woke up from the bright light. ‘Nasty morning’, the girl thought, turning on her other side. “How is it that I didn’t completely close the curtains yesterday?” 
While Lucia reflected on this very philosophical subject, steps were heard outside the door. The young lady's mother, Dana Williams, who was occupying the next room, had already got up and was heading to the bath. The sounds of a turned on tap and flowing water came to Lucia.
Realizing that she was unlikely to be able to sleep yet, Lucia sat thoughtfully on the bed. Various thoughts filled her head.
From childhood, Lucia lived only with her mother in a spacious apartment in London, and she never saw her father. Her mother, Dana Williams, answered all her daughter's questions about her father very little and indefinitely. As a result, the girl stopped asking. But over time, she realized more and more that her family was very unusual.
Previously, Lucia thought that her mother works for programmers in a certain company.
She earned very well. She could afford to send her daughter to study at first in a private school, and then to a good university (Lucia only finished the first year of study). And even had a decent country house in Cornwall.
Lucia did not know her grandfathers and grandmothers: her mother claimed that they had long ago gone to the Other World, and she did not want to talk about it. In response to this, the girl had a desire to see photos of her older relatives. But for some reason there were no photos. As, however, there were no photographs of the mother as a child, which also always perplexed Lucia.
She was always puzzled even more by the fact that in her free time, her mother taught her how to use cold weapons and firearms, how to survive in extreme conditions, and how to provide first aid. Of course, such things can come in handy in life for everyone. But Lucia could not understand in any way: why did the mothers of other children take their children to additional classes in mathematics or French, and learn something more traditional? And they do not bring up their children as if they are preparing for the ranks of super heroes.
However, one can not help but say that Dana was not involved in the spiritual and intellectual development of her daughter. By her nineteen years, the girl received a quality education and managed to visit different countries, where she saw many cultural monuments.
And despite some oddities of upbringing, Lucia's life proceeded more or less in the usual way. Until recently...
When Lucia and her mother arrived this time in Cornwall, she did not imagine that her life would change forever...
The girl liked in Cornwall. Although their house was located in a small village, there were no problems with transport, and getting to the county's administrative center, the city of Truro, was not difficult. And there were numerous interesting places and things.
Sometimes Lucia just walked around the picturesque surroundings.
Not far from the Williams family home, there lived a long-time acquaintance of Dana (as she said, a work acquaintance), Leon Calder, a fair-haired and blue-eyed young man. Lucia always wondered: how old is he really? After all, as long as she remembered him, Mr. Calder did not change at all. And he preferred mysteriously to remain silent about questions about his age.
He got along well with Lucia and at times, they went somewhere together. Leon treated the girl as a younger sister. And Dana with a calm heart let her daughter go for a walk with him.
Sometimes Lucia caught herself thinking that she was experiencing far from friendly feelings for Leon, but something else. But she could not admit it to him: after all, he saw in her only a child.
... And now, yesterday, the very events occurred that changed the life of Lucia. It all started with the fact that in the late afternoon Lucia decided to see Leon. She knew that he liked to walk along the coast at this time, and went there.
Approaching the coast, Lucia suddenly heard a strange sound, like an electric crack.
Pushed forward by strange feelings, the girl came closer to the source of the sound. She saw something that looked like an energy barrier of light purple color. Several young girls passed by the ‘barrier’: they laughed merrily and did not notice its at all.
“I must be sleeping...” Williams decided, realizing the unrealistic nature of what was happening. “And in a dream, as you know, you can do anything. So I can get through this barrier.” 
And the young lady, obeying an incomprehensible impulse of feelings, resolutely stepped forward. As she passed through the ‘wall of the barrier’, she felt a slight electric tingling and... Leon appeared before her eyes, talking about something with an unknown blond girl.
Lucia felt curiosity and hid behind one of the massive coastal stones, abundantly located around. Her sensitive ears heard the words of Leon:
“Marianna... I did not expect to see you here.” 
The stranger, whose name was Marianna, snorted displeasedly and answered:
“I remember how I killed you a year ago... How did you manage to survive?” 
“You really thought it was so easy to kill Pixie? I’ve already told you several times before that it’s not.” 
Lucia, who had watched such a strange picture from behind stone, was in full confidence that she could imagine it. “I'm definitely sleeping,” she decided. “Strange barriers, some Pixies... It's all a dream!” 
The girl wanted to leave, but, alas, an incident happened. She accidentally stepped on a dry branch that had fallen earlier from a short tree growing nearby. The branch crunched. Leon and Marianna, distracted from their conversation and turned their eyes to the sound source.
“Lucia?” Leon said in amazement when he saw, unsuccessfully, trying to escape the troublemaker. “How did you manage to get into subspace?” 
“Subspace?” Williams asked perplexedly.
In her mind, the thoughts that all this was a dream became even stronger.
Meanwhile, the mysterious Marianna asked her interlocutor, with a look pointing to Lucia:
“Is this really that girl for Caliburn's[15] sword, about which vague rumors reached us? I was expecting something more... But in any case, I won’t let her just leave!” 
In the hands of the mysterious person, as if by magic, a long spear suddenly appeared, with a wide silver tip. And she quickly rushed towards Lucia.
Williams, although she did not take it seriously, rushed away, obeying the instinct of self-preservation.
Marianna managed to catch up with the girl and hit with her spear. Lucia deftly dodged, so the blow of the weapon fell casually on her left shoulder, damaging only her muscles.
It is not known what would happen next, but Leon came to the aid of Lucia. Just as a spear emerged from the void in Marianna’s hands, he had a sword with seven precious stones on the blade. He entered into a short but furious battle with the mysterious opponent.
After the fight, Marianna decided to retreat, finally saying:
“This time I will leave... But we'll meet again, Leon!” 
She rushed to one side and soon disappeared from view. Meanwhile, Calder turned to the pale Lucia, who was numb with horror, who had been sitting on the ground all this time, squeezing a wound on her shoulder. Belatedly, she realized that what was happening was not a dream at all.
“How are you?” Leon asked Williams.
“What was that?” She asked weakly.
“Oh, a long story...” answered Leon. “First you need to heal your wounds.” 
Leon pulled out from under his clothes a small antique silver medallion on a gold chain that adorned a scarlet crystal, drop-shaped. He touched the wound on the girl’s shoulder and said something quietly. For a few moments, the crystal flashed scarlet. When it went out, Lucia felt the pain go away. She was surprised to feel the wounded shoulder: not a trace of damage. Only blood-stained clothes reminded of what had happened.
“What happened? Who is this Marianna?” Williams began to ask questions. “And where did the spear come from, and do you have a sword?” 
Leon only smiled sadly and answered:
“If you are interested in learning about weapons, then it consists of nanoparticles that are contained in our bodies. If necessary, they materialize: I have a sword, and Marianna has a spear. Other... Hm, I think it would be best for you to go home now. You need to calm down, to recover. And tomorrow, I and your mother will tell you everything...” 
After that, the young man escorted the taken aback Lucia to the house and handed her over to his mother's cares, briefly telling what happened. Dana listened, then helped her daughter tidy herself up and gave her a strange greenish drink with a peculiar smell. At the same time, saying that the drink will help calm down, and all the explanations will wait until tomorrow.
Soon, after the young lady drank the greenish drink, she wanted to sleep, and she went to her room.
... Now, in the morning of this very ‘tomorrow’, the awakened girl did not understand: yesterday’s events were a vivid realistic dream or a reality?
She examined her shoulder again: no sign of injury. Suddenly, Lucia dawned. And, clapping herself on the forehead with her hand, she quickly got out of bed and began to look for the gray and orange dress she wore yesterday. The outfit was on the armchair by the window. A cut was on the left shoulder of the dress, and clotted blood covered everything.
“So, I didn’t dream of it,” the girl said to herself, feeling how everything inside was compressed. It seemed to her that life had broken into thousands of fragments, and everything that was familiar, suddenly became strange and incomprehensible.
With difficulty trying to calm down, Williams waited until the sound of water in the bathroom stopped and a characteristic knock of the door and steps were heard. This meant that Dana left the bathroom and began to go down the stairs. Lucia went to the bathroom bathroom in order to wash herself.
... After a while, Lucia also went downstairs. In a spacious living room combined with a kitchen, Dana, a woman surprisingly young for her forty-five years old, with caramel locks to her shoulders, was making breakfast.
A pet was sleeping on the windowsill: a gray cat named Fluffy. The pet got his name for his fluffy fur.
Lucia thought that Fluffy was another secret of their family. For as long as she remembered herself, a lazy cat always lived with them.
... Lucia stared at her mother. Why did she act like nothing happened?
“Good morning,” the young lady politely greeted.
“Oh, Lucia!” Dana greeted her child. “How did you sleep?” 
“Probably normal... But I remember that yesterday you promised to explain to me what happened... Mom, do you know something about this?” Asked the daughter.
“Sure, but all the explanations after breakfast,” the woman smiled. “Oh, yes! Leon will come too! I think he’d better be present at the conversation. Maybe Kay will come too.” 
Kay was the handsome cousin of Mr. Calder. From time to time he visited Leon.
Lucia sat down at the table. Fluffy woke up and walked proudly to his bowls. The pet began, with a pleased look, to eat duck pate with carrots and spinach.
... Soon, the Williams family had breakfast and sat on the couch and armchair in the living room.
“Mom, will you explain to me what happened yesterday?” Lucia asked again.
“Leon is coming and we’ll tell you everything,” Dana replied.
Just a few minutes later, Mr. Calder came (without Kay). He politely asked how Lucia was feeling. And, having received an answer, he decided not to beat around the bush.
“Lucia,” Leon told the girl, “the name of the girl who attacked you yesterday, Marianna. And she serves those whom we call Ishtars.” 
“To whom?” Lucia asked in surprise.
With the word ‘Ishtar’[16] she had only one association: that was the name of the Akkadian goddess of love and beauty. But why is Calder talking about her in the plural?
“Many other planets have long been inhabited by various living beings and races. Ishtars are one of the ancient races of space. In addition to them there are races Leanan sidhes, Midgards and others. Also, there are such concepts as Fands[17] and Pixies.” Leon began to explain. “On your planet, Earth from the Solar System, which we call Marine from the Sol'A System, most people are Midgards. And the inhabitants of the planet of my father, Si — Leanan sidhes. The children of Midgards and Leanan sidhes, or Fands and Leanan sidhes are called Pixies. And the children of Midgards and Pixies are called ‘Fands’. Simply put, Pixies are half or two-thirds of Leanan sidhes. These are those with Leanan sidhes genes fifty percent or more, but less than one hundred percent. And Fands, these are those who have the Leanan sidhes genes, but less than fifty percent. By the way, Midgards inhabit not only the Earth, but also other planets, in various parts of the Universe, and are at different levels of development. It just so happened that Leanan sidhes and Ishtars have long been in contact with Midgards on different planets. Therefore, Fands and Pixies also live on different planets, in different parts of space.” 
Lucia looked at Leon with round eyes. Thoughts appeared in her head that she was still sleeping. “It's just a dream,” she decided. “A long and surprisingly realistic dream... I need to read less comics and play video games.” 
“Ah, that's how...” she held out skeptically, looking at Leon. “And they all differ so much? Are these alien races?” 
The interlocutor, seeing the mistrust of the girl, smiled slightly.
“I perfectly understand your reaction,” he answered. “Over time, you will get used to this thought. In fact, the biological difference between these cosmic races is indeed great. The DNA of Midgards and Leanan sidhes are very different from each other. For example, Midgards blood contains iron, so their blood is red. The blood of Leanan sidhes contains copper, therefore it is blue. Accordingly, in the blood of Pixies, both iron and copper are present, and therefore it can have an amethyst hue. But it happens, like mine — red blood. In cases where the Leanan sidhes genes are more than fifty percent or more, they are dominant. And despite the fact that the Pixies are different from Leanan sidhes, they still have almost the same parameters and abilities.
Fands, the children of Midgards and Pixies, have less than fifty percent Leanan sidhes' genes. Fands' blood is scarlet, like Midgards. Sometimes Fands has some Leanan sidhes genes that, when combined with Midgards genes, can create either positive or negative abilities or parameters.
In addition, there is another ability that distinguishes Leanan sidhes and Pixies from Midgards and Fands...” 
Leon again mysteriously smiled and... suddenly his figure was lit up with a silvery light. When after a few moments the glow disappeared, a fair-haired girl appeared before the eyes of a small audience, instead of a man.
“What?!” Lucia's eyes widened. “How is this possible? It seems to me! I’m still asleep!” 
“Just, Leon ‘Pixie’,” Dana grinned.
“Mom, did you know about this?” Lucia stared dumbfounded at her mother.
“And we'll talk about that,” she answered. “First, let's finish the explanations about Pixies and Fands.” 
Meanwhile, Leon turned back into a man, and said:
“Yes, I'm Pixie. My father was Leanan sidhe, and my mother was Fand. And by the way, my full name is Leon Phelan Calder.” 
“Phelan?” Lucia was surprised. “Just like in the myths about Laird Leon and his father Neil[18]...” 
“For all Leanan sidhes and Pixies, the natural lifespan is not much longer than human, but thanks to nanoparticles artificially introduced into the blood, it becomes very long. And I live a very long time. Neil was not just a legend and I have a certain relationship with him,” Pixie smiled mysteriously. “Okay, now this is not about that. Back to our story... Ordinary men and women, Midgards and Fands, have a set of chromosomes in DNA. In women XX, and in men XY. Of course, there are some exceptions. Unlike Midgards and Fands, Leanan sidhes have a set of chromosomes — XXYZ. The first X chromosome is primary, the second X and Y chromosomes are responsible for secondary female or male sexual characteristics. Chromosome Z serves as a kind of switch between them. We can say that it ‘activates’ the desired chromosome — the second X or Y, and at this time deactivates the second, also making changes at the cellular level.” 
There was a pause in the room. A few moments later, Lucia said:
“It's all hard to believe.” 
“I understand your feelings,” Calder answered.
“And who was that girl who attacked me yesterday? You said her name is Marianna, and she serves the Ishtars... And who are the Ishtars?” 
“As I said, Ishtars are one of the ancient races,” answered Leon. “They have long been in conflict with Leanan sidhes. It all began many centuries ago. Then, Leanan sidhes lived peacefully on their planet, Si. But once Ishtars arrived there... They killed a huge number of Leanan sidhes and took their souls, imprisoning them in special crystals. Prior to this, Leanan sidhes had never met Ishtars, therefore, could not provide decent resistance. Later, such attacks were repeated more than once...Of course, Leanan sidhes began to hunt down Ishtars in space. Alas, their home planet has not yet been discovered. However, it turned out that Ishtars have bases on a variety of planets inhabited by Midgards with a low level of development, including on Earth. In ancient times on Earth, and on other planets with a similar level of development, Ishtars positioned themselves as gods. People worshiped and worked for them. Ishtars forced people to mine gold for themselves, and also collected the emotional energy of people. Sometimes, they artificially provoked various conflicts. For during wars, the level of emitted emotional energy is higher.
Leanan sidhes began to observe Ishtars, also organizing bases on those planets where Ishtars settled. Leanan sidhes hoped to find out why Ishtars needed souls and so much emotional energy. And also, where is their home planet. But, alas, the planet is still unknown.
Also, we can say that the ancient gods from Earth legends are surviving stories about the contacts of people and Ishtars. At times, people considered the gods Leanan sidhes and other cosmic races who visited the Earth in the distant past. Although, Leanan sidhes and most other cosmic races, have never positioned themselves as gods.
Ishtars are still present on Earth. They haven’t come into open contact with people for a long time, but regularly take away the emotional energy of humanity.” 
Lucia nodded thoughtfully. And she asked:
“I still don’t really believe in it, even though you just turned into a girl before my eyes... And does Marianna serve Ishtars? But why did I understand everything you two talked about yesterday? Shouldn't aliens from outer space have their own language?” 
“It's simple,” Pixie calmly nodded, pulling out a drop-shaped medallion with a drop-shaped stone from under his clothes. “I, the other Pixies and Leanan sidhes wear these devices as jewelry. They are equipped with our androids and most of the technology. This crystal can not only heal... These devices are also translators operating within a radius of 500 meters. They' ‘grab’ the words from the speech, and if necessary, project the interlocutor into the mind already translated speech. Change perception, so to speak. One such device is enough to correctly translate the speech of a hundred people who speak different languages.” 
“So now, are you using your native language, which is not at all like earthly English?” Lucia specified.
“Yes, now I speak the language of Leanan sidhes. But thanks to this translator, we understand each other.” 
There was silence in the living room again. A slap broke its: Fluffy jumped from the windowsill to the floor and left the room with a smug look. The cat seemed bored with strange conversations.
“And what do we have to do with all this?” Interrupted Lucia's prolonged pause. “Does it seem to me alone, or is my mother not at all surprised by your story, Leon?” 
Dana and Leon looked at each other expressively. And the woman said:
“And now, Lucia, the time has come for some more explanations... To begin with: you really are my daughter. Although, if you look at this issue from a genetic point of view, you are more likely my granddaughter. You were born artificially, from an artificial uterus of Leanan sidhes. You have a percentage of my genes, as well as a little gene from Ishtar, who was once a prisoner in our base. In order for you to be born Fand, you have fifty-two percent of the combined genes from several Midgards. I’m Leanan sidhes, Head of Science Department. In the past, in my masculine form on Earth, I was known as Dagda[19], and in my feminine form — as Danu[20]. My real name is Danu Annis. Of course, I could not live in this world with that name, otherwise Ishtars would have quickly found me. Therefore, I had to change the name to consonant, and come up with a different surname.
You were born to help us confront Ishtars. Therefore, your genes are selected so that in the future they can effectively synchronize with a certain sword made of nanoparticles.
And I can add that the birth rate at Leanan sidhes is strictly regulated. Obtaining permission to have a baby is not so simple. But your birth was necessary for all of us, and I received official permission.
I raised you on Earth, in England, away from the Leanan sidhes bases and contacts with them, so that Ishtars could not find you. Until now, the only Leanan sidhes you saw were just me, Leon, and Kay. Kay's real name is Kernunn Cernunnos, and he is also an employee of the Science Department of Avalon Base.” 
Danu finished her story and looked carefully at her daughter. The girl was sitting on the couch, her eyes fluttering dumbfounded. Although she saw the incredible transformation of Leon into a female form, it still seemed to her that what was happening was either a dream or a strange joke.
“I can’t believe that it’s true,” flashed through Lucia’s head. Involuntarily, she remembered yesterday's events and a meeting with Marianna. And as she found this morning a bloody dress in her room.
Lucia felt her colder inside. She again thought that life had broken into many small glass fragments that could never be collected.
Unable to restrain her feelings, she jumped up and ran away from home.
“Lucia, wait!” Exclaimed concerned Danu.
She wanted to rush after her daughter, but Leon (already having returned the male form) stopped her.
“I do not think that Marianna will reappear nearby in the near future. This is too risky. And I don’t feel Ishtars around,” he reassured Danu. “Lucia needs to calm down. Let alone be a little. A little later she herself will return, or we will go in search of her.” 
Danu agreed with the words of Pixie.

Chapter 2. Sacred Sword
Having run away from home, Lucia, for some time wandered aimlessly along the street. After talking with her mother and Leon, she still had unpleasant feelings. Yesterday's stress also made itself felt: she wanted to cry, a bitter lump came up to her throat. However, tears for some reason did not appear.
Involuntarily, the girl remembered one unpleasant incident that occurred after graduation. Arriving at the prom, she did not feel well, and soon went home.
The traffic light near the house broke down, no cars were visible. Therefore, Lucia decided to cross the road. But when she was already on the roadway, unexpectedly, a car jumped out from somewhere.
Lucia barely managed to run across, and the car stopped literally a meter away. A graduate rushed to the house, not stopping. When she finally reached the door, she was shaking all over.
Mother was at work at this time. Terrified, Lucia drank sedatives and gave vent to tears. Then it also seemed to her that her whole life had been broken into numerous glass fragments. After all, until that moment, the girl had never thought: how fragile a human life is.
... Lost in thought, she did not notice how she reached a small forest, located near the village where the Williams family country house was located.
Lucia, when she came to Cornwall as a child, often ran among the trees in this forest. Local children, families and dog lovers often walked in it.
Obeying an unclear impulse, Lucia headed deeper into the green thickets. She walked aimlessly for a while, when she suddenly saw the already familiar light purple transparent energy wall.
“Again Marianna? Or something else?” Flashed through the head of a young person. For some time she stood in doubt next to the barrier. But in the end, curiosity took up, and the girl stepped forward.
Sensing a slight electric tingling again, Williams was inside the barrier. An amazing picture immediately appeared before her gaze, invisible until the girl crossed the barrier. On a pedestal framed by transparent crystals, stood a sword stuck with a blade down, very similar to the one that had recently appeared in the hands of Leon. On its blade, too, were seven gems.
“Hmm... Purple barriers probably hide certain things and people from others,” Lucia guessed, looking carefully at the weapon. “And this blade is beautiful...” 
The girl wanted to examine it better and held out her hand. As soon as she took hold of the hilt, her skin was slightly burned and pleasant warmth quickly spread throughout her body. Deciding that this was ordinary excitement, Williams tried to pull the weapon from the pedestal. She easily got it, and after a moment, she examined the sword with interest.
Suddenly, she heard behind her mother’s voice and footsteps:
“Lucia! Finally we found you! I didn’t think that you would find yourself here in the subspace! Only Leanan sidhes and Pixies, listed in the database of access to this energy barrier, can get here! I added your data to the database a few days ago. For I thought soon to show you this place. Ishtars will not get here without special access. But just in case, this place is constantly watched by other Leanan sidhes,” the woman said.
‘Runaway’, turned around and saw a concerned mother and Leon.
“Mom... Leon...” she said confusedly, looking at them.
Danu finally saw a sword in her child’s hands.
“Have you pulled out Caliburn?” She asked.
“Caliburn?” The daughter asked in surprise. “Why is it called like the legendary sword of King Arthur?” 
“In the old days, as an experiment in synchronizing a sword from nanoparticles, Caliburn, and Midgards, we gave a simplified version of Caliburn to a young man who later became king,” Danu answered. “The name of that youth man was Arthur. And although our experiment with the sword did not end in success, Arthur was remembered as the legendary King. Over time, the story of his life gained various speculations. And he in memory of the people merged with other kings and lords of ancient Britain.
As for Caliburn, this is the sword with which you have to synchronize. Soon, I planned to give it to you. But since you yourself discovered it, so be it. By the way, when you took hold of the hilt, did you feel how it slightly burned your hand?” 
Lucia nodded in the affirmative.
“So Caliburn immediately determined you to be suitable for synchronization. And in your body, through the pores in the skin, its nanoparticles have penetrated. This is a good sign,” Danu explained. “Gradually, the nanoparticles will begin to connect to your nervous system and will be reproduced in your body. The process is very unpleasant, it can be accompanied by intense fever, pain in the body, dizziness and loss of consciousness. But I’ll reassure you: it lasts no longer than one or two weeks.” 
Lucia looked doomedly at her mother and Pixie. Involuntarily, she clutched the sword in her hands, already regretting that she had taken it.
“What will happen to me now?” She asked.
Danu sighed.
“Now that you know everything, you will go with us to Avalon, one of the Leanan sidhes' bases. You cannot return to your former life.” 
“But what about friends, study?” Lucia tried to object, clinging to the last strings. “And in general, this is all complete nonsense! After all, if you have such advanced alien technology, why do you need swords, albeit with some kind of ‘nanoparticles’? And why do the Ishtars need spears? Is it really impossible to fight with the help of lasers, blasters, supernatural abilities? Or just have a battle in space on spaceships?” 
“I understand your point,” Danu agreed. “But we, Leanan sidhes, and even Ishtars, use spears and swords for a reason. This is in order to minimize damage to planets and other civilizations. After all, one thing is a battle with swords and spears. And a completely different thing is the use of more destructive weapons, albeit in subspace. With severe destruction, the surrounding world will also be damaged. For the same reason, we cannot fight in space — there is a chance of harming inhabited planets. Even if we fight far from inhabited planets, the fragments of destroyed ships will scatter through space. And where it will bring is unknown. How this will affect other civilizations is also unknown.” 
“That is, if Ishtars are worried about other civilizations, are they not so bad?” Lucia asked.
“Most likely they don’t want to harm the places and planets in which they are interested,” Danu replied. “After all, they collect the emotional energy of people on Earth and a number of other planets. Of course, they are interested in the preservation of their ‘pastures’! And even provoking conflicts between people, Ishtars always watch that wars do not get out of control.” 
“But Leanan sidhes simply does not want to harm the planets and deliberately intervene in the development of other civilizations. Although, the last point is not always possible to comply with. Therefore, Leanan sidhes was remembered, for example, in Earthly myths, as gods and demons....” Leon added.
“And by the way, Caliburn is not just a sword. It can use energy attacks,” smiled Danu.
Lucia was dumbfounded. Mother and Leon looked at her carefully. According to their views, the girl understood: her life would never be the same again.
“Is it really all true? And I can only come to terms with this?” She thought doomedly.
“Let's go home,” Danu called her. “You need to pack. For everything else, to London, I will soon send some of the Leanan sidhes' androids.” 
With a sad sigh, Lucia went after her mother and Pixie.
A few minutes later she asked:
“By the way, what is ‘subspace’?” 
“Artificially created space,” answered Leon. “Simple Fands and Midgards do not see its and pass by. We, Leanan sidhes, Pixies, and the Fands collaborating with us, create a subspace if necessary. For example, when it comes to battle. A subspace is created using crystals similar to my translator, which you have already seen. I wear my spatial crystal here,” the young man showed the interlocutor a bracelet on his left hand, decorated with a small transparent stone. “All these crystals are connected by a single database of Leanan sidhes. Simply put, only those whose bio-parameters are present in the database can see and pass the barrier. Since Danu recently added you to the database, you were able to see my meeting with Marianna. And find Caliburn. Also, I can give temporary access to the subspace for Ishtars, with whom I intend to fight. The crystal reads their biometric parameters and gives access until they exit the subspace.” 
While Calder explained to the young companion about alien technology, she walked with her head down. Only one thought tormented her: life would never be the same again.

Part 2. Genesis 1
Chapter 3. The Past. Octavia and Rin
From Danu Annis Records. Roman Empire, the city of Londinium, 215 A.D. according to the reckoning of the planet Marine from the Sol'A System (Earth from the Solar System). It is recorded according to the words of Octavia from the Octavian clan[21], daughter of Lucius Octavius, as well as according to the observations of Kernunn Cernunnos.

The young man Rin, the son of a Celtic warrior, and the Roman girl from Londinium, Octavia, the daughter of Lucius Octavius, one of the representatives of the patrician clan Octavia, secretly loved each other. Once, Rin and Octavia met in their appointed place — outside the city, under an old oak tree.
Octavia (dressed in men's clothes) climbed onto an oak tree, and Rin could not find her. Rin looked for her until Octavia called him from the tree, and jumped with a laugh. Rin was unhappy with the girl’s habit of climbing a tree, because he was afraid that she might fall. But Octavia convinced him that everything was fine.
Rin and Octavia met long ago, in childhood. Then, the girl was presented with a new scarlet ribbon. The girl went for a walk with her older brother, Gaius Octavius, tying a new ribbon. But the wind tore the new thing from her hair. Octavia ran after its. The wind carried the ribbon away, and its owner ran forward so fast that her brother lagged behind her.
The wind carried the ribbon out of the city, and it caught hold of an oak growing near Londinium, entangled high in the branches. The girl could not get its. She was upset and burst into tears.
Not far from that place, little Rin walked, who saw the crying Octavia. Like a true ‘warrior’, he decided not to throw ‘woman’ in trouble and asked what happened. Octavia replied that her ribbon flew away and snagged on a tree. Rin volunteered to help and pulled out a tape. But since Rin was the son of a Celtic warrior, and Octavia was a Roman, the boy decided that she would now become his ‘captive’. And since she is his ‘captive’, then let her come the next day to play with him.
Since then, Rin and Octavia began to communicate. As they got older, they fell in love. But Octavia is a girl from the patrician clan. When the time came, she was married to Mark Servilius Cepion, a wealthy Roman citizen.
Despite the marriage, Octavia continued her relationship with Rin.
After some time, the girl realized that she was pregnant. And this could only be a child from Rin, because Mark Servilius Cepion at that time was on a long trip for business.
Octavia told Rin about everything, and they decided to run away, on the day when Octavia's husband left for business again. Mark still did not know about the situation of his wife.
Rin and Octavia, as always, met under an oak tree. Both brought jewelry with them, and the Roman dressed as a man.
Rin and Octavia wanted to get around the city and, going into it from the other side, board a ship sailing to the eastern part of the Roman Empire. But they did not have time to go far, they met Ishtar Inanna[22].
Inanna, if you believe the words from the story of Octavia, was then in a very bad mood. Seeing on her way, as she said, ‘two pretty Fands’, the woman became interested in them. Rin and Octavia, in turn, were surprised by the appearance of a beautiful and tall woman, in clothes, although similar to Roman, but from an unusual fabric and with unusual jewelry.
Octavia had bad forebodings. And not in vain: Ishtar decided to take their souls, as a gift for her father Marduk[23], the ruler of Ishtars. She told herself that if Marduk liked them, then perhaps he would again begin to show interest in her person, and her chances of becoming an heiress would increase. Inanna also mentioned that recently Marduk has been paying a lot of attention to a certain ‘upstart girl Orio’ for some reason. This is probably some Ishtar, perhaps one of the side daughters of Marduk. Leanan sidhes had never met her.
After that, the spear of Ishtars appeared in the hands of Inanna. Rin decided that she used magic, and began to ask Octavia that she would run without thinking about him. He drew his sword, and his lover was about to run.
Meanwhile, Inanna pierced Rin with a spear. Octavia rushed to her beloved, bursting into tears. Rin went on to ask Octavia to run and live on. After which, the young man died, and his companion continued to cry over him.
Inanna went to Octavia, saying that such a soul as hers is not often found. Of course, Octavia did not understand what Ishtar was talking about.
Inanna had already raised her spear above the girl, but someone called to her. It was Kernunn Cernunnos, an employee of the Science Department of Avalon. He materialized his sword from nanoparticles, and asked Inanna to leave. Realizing that, alas, she could not cope with Kernunn so easily, the woman left.
Desperate, Octavia begged Kernunn to kill her. He did not know what to answer her. And he honestly admitted that I, Danu Annis, sent him to find some girl with a powerful enough soul who would willingly agree to go with him. For I need a girl to create the Lachesis System[24]. Also, the Lachesis System increases the chance to recall a person’s past life after reincarnation and to recognize reborn people whom the person once knew. Accordingly, Octavia's likelihood increased to meet Rin.
Upon learning of this, the girl agreed to go with Kernunn.
As a result, she spent several days at our base. During this time, I successfully introduced the Lachesis System into her soul. The System is fully activated after the next reincarnation of Octavia. We will be watching her in order to track rebirth.
At the end of the experiment, Octavia returned home. The rest is recorded from the words of Kernunn, who watched her all this time. Also, he managed to go unnoticed to establish wiretaps throughout the house, including in the chambers of Octavia. Such actions were taken as a precaution, since we fear that Ishtars might find out that Octavia became Lachesis. And such measures will help us, if necessary, to protect her.
Also, as we know, while Octavia was at our base, her husband was away. The girl’s brother, in order to hide the absence of his sister, told her family that she allegedly decided to stay with him a little. Meanwhile, he was looking for a sister.
At the end of the experiments, we escorted Octavia to the Londinium, but she later returned to the oak tree, where she met with Rin. There, the girl was discovered by her brother, Gaius Octavius, who knew about his sister's relationship with Rin.
Gaius Octavius rushed to his sister. His first thought was that Rin had hurt the girl. But Octavia told him that Rin was dead. Then, she admitted to her brother that she was pregnant from Rin. Gaius Octavius promised not to tell anyone her secret and gave his sister a medallion, which he received from his mother, their father’s first wife. She died from childbirth when Gaius Octavius was born.
Octavia took the medallion. She knew she was likely to die. When I examined her, I honestly said that her birth would be difficult. But, alas, according to our laws, we cannot intervene once again in the affairs of people. And assisting a girl during childbirth is considered an unacceptable intervention. I tried to get permission to help her, but I couldn’t.
... In due time, Octavia gave birth to a son. Servilius Cepion considered the child to be his own, deciding that he simply was born prematurely. Octavia realized that she was dying, and sent for her brother.
She asked her brother to tell the child about his real father over time (this is all known thanks to the wiretap in the chambers of Octavia). The girl wanted to return the medallion to Gaius, but he replied that he wanted this to belong to her sister and her children. Then Octavia asked him to hand the medallion to her son. After that, she died, and her brother cried for a long time at her bed.
... It is highly likely that Ishtars still do not know anything about Octavia. And now, as I mentioned earlier, the Lachesis System is fully activated at the next reincarnation of Octavia. We will track her rebirth.

Chapter 4. The Past. Aruru's Diary. Danu's Diary
From the diary of Aruru[25] Anun, head of the Department of State Scientific Research of the Empire of Ishtars
Once upon a time there were those whom we called the ‘Ancients’. They created all the races that now inhabit the cosmos with its great multitude of universes.
We, Ishtars, were also created by the ‘Ancients’. The last ones that the ‘Ancients’ created were Leanan sidhes and the Midgards group on planet ‘X’ (Midgards on other planets were created before). We call its planet ‘X’ because we do not know its true name. But in our space maps this planet is simply designated as ‘X-115’.
As far as we know from ancient manuscripts that we once discovered on planet ‘X’, in ancient times, the ‘Ancients’ decided for some reason that Leanan sidhes needed to be mixed with Midgards. Among Leanan sidhes, this aroused indignation, for they believed that they had the right to choose their own partners of their own free will, and not by order of the ‘Ancients’.
After that, Leanan sidhes revolted and left planet ‘X’ on the ships of the ‘Ancients’. For unknown reasons, the “Ancients” did not stop them. Leanan sidhes wandered around space for a long time until, finally, they found the planet Si, which became their new home, in another universe.
Meanwhile, other races created by the ‘Ancients’ developed their own ways. Including us, Ishtars, went our own way of development.
We, Ishtars — learned to extract the souls of living beings and use them as a source of energy. Along with this, we learned to use the emotional energy of living beings as a source of energy.
Leanan sidhes managed to create nanoparticles that were introduced into the blood and gave their carriers amazing longevity.
Midgards has yet to make many amazing discoveries...
And, in addition to these races, in space there are many other races that inhabit a variety of planets. We can talk about them for a very long time...
And the ‘Ancients’, for reasons they only knew, suddenly left the borders of the universes known to us. And where they are now unknown to anyone.
***
From the diary of Aruru Anun, head of the Department of State Scientific Research of the Empire of Ishtars
Ishtars live twenty thousand years, and usually have from one to three children. The home planet of Ishtars, Takemi, has long been overpopulated. Our colonies are also densely populated. The birthrate has long been subject to restrictions, but it is impossible to completely ban having children. And this does not negate the fact that all Ishtars needs resources.
We need to use liquid gold of the highest quality. Otherwise, a deficiency of trace elements begins in our bodies, due to which diseases and even death occur. But the gold at Takemi long ago ended.
Therefore, we began to fly to planets with gold deposits. Many of these planets were inhabited. For obvious reasons, we tried to avoid planets with a high level of civilization of the local population. But we visited planets with a low level of civilization. Locals inhabitants mistook us for gods, for never before in life had they seen high technology. Not surprisingly, our technologies and science seemed to them magic and sorcery. And they considered us mystical beings.
We just had to order people to work in gold mines, in addition to the fact that the extraction of precious metal was carried out with the help of our technologies. But, of course, servicing technologies is more expensive than ordering people.
In addition to the fact that people mined gold for us, they also released a huge amount of emotional energy. We still use emotional energy to provide energy to our cities and equipment.
However, over time, human emotional energy began to be lacking, and we began to additionally use the souls of Leanan sidhes and Pixies in our generators. One soul, Leanan sidhe or Pixie, is a very powerful source of energy. But it cannot be used forever: after a thousand years of use, we release captive souls so that they are not completely exhausted, and the balance of souls in the universes is not disturbed.
At the same time, when we began to use the souls of Leanan sidhes and Pixies for generators, some Ishtar aristocrats had a peculiar hobby. Namely: to take the souls of attractive Midgards and Fands. For until rebirth, the soul retains the appearance of soul's last body.
With this hobby, Ishtars placed the souls of Midgards and Fands in special transparent crystals, and placed them like exhibits. The soul in the crystal simply slept. But after a thousand years, so as not to harm the soul, the crystal automatically released soul.
... Time passed, and the energy of souls Leanan sidhes completely stopped solving our problems.
And then, we decided additionally, on planets with a low level of civilization, to provoke wars and conflicts. This helped generate more emotional energy for people that we could use. Although this did not eliminate the need to use the souls of Leanan sidhes and Pixies.
This cannot be said to please me, but in this case, either Ishtars will survive, or others will live in peace.
***
From the Danu Annis Diary
Once, in the ruins of one of the abandoned Sumerian temples, we accidentally discovered records of Ishtars' experiments to create the Clotho System[26]. A system connecting to the human soul, synchronizing with the astral Veda System, the chronicles of the past of all Universes. The Veda, in time immemorial, created ‘Ancients’.
The records were old and fragmentary. Apparently, Ishtars for some reason abandoned these experiments, but the information was not completely destroyed.
Be that as it may, the Leanan sidhes government decided to conduct experiments to create the Lachesis[27] and Atropos[28] Systems — those who could synchronize with the astral Systems Logos and Akashic Chronicles (also, from time immemorial, created by the 'Ancients') to see the present and the calculated statistics of the future. As suggested at first, this would help us avoid the attacks of Ishtars, find their home planet and weapons against them.
The Akashic Chronicles calculate the statistical probability of events that should happen in the future and create their three-dimensional models. Unlike the Veda and the Logos, which have a limit of two hours, the Chronicles do not have it.
And the closer the desired point of the future to the present moment, the more accurately the statistical probability is calculated.
The Logos captures what is happening at the moment, as well as events of the past for minus two hours from the present moment. Then this data is sent to the Veda.
Also, in the Logos there is a calculated statistical probability of the future for the next two minutes from the present moment. The Logos contains them parallel to the Akasha Chronicles.
The Veda record all events of the past, minus two hours from the present.
... We decided to leave the experiments to create our own Clotho, synchronized with the Veda, for later.
For Atropos, I decided to use the expensive information-streaming AI[29] technology. This is an intangible informational essence, which, if necessary, can materialize by collecting suitable atoms around itself for the structure of its body.
It was harder with Lachesis. To create Lachesis, I needed a strong soul, best of all, embodied in the girl-Fand. And so I instructed to Kernunn to find and bring me a suitable candidate.
According to our laws, we cannot drag other races into our affairs, either with a low or a high level of civilization. Therefore, I asked him to pay attention to the girls in great despair. Having previously informed those girls that if they become Lachesis, the probability of recalling their previous reincarnations in their next life will increase from a chance of one in five hundred thousand, up to ten percent, that is, up to fifty thousand.
Honestly, I was confident that the search would take a lot of time.
But, strangely enough, literally a few hours later, Kernunn brought me a young Roman woman, Fand, by the name of Octavia.
She was in despair, and wished to meet again the dead lover whom Inanna had killed.
Just an unfortunate child... For my part, it was monstrous to turn her into Lachesis.
But I did it.
It is unlikely that that girl would have survived after giving birth. But after changes in her body during the transformation into Lachesis, the likelihood of dying in childbirth increased even more.
Of course, I wanted to help her. If the birth took place with proper medical care, everything would end well. But this is already considered an unacceptable interference, and I did not receive permission. Therefore, we could only watch Octavia.
We wanted to find her next reincarnation, because the Lachesis System was fully activated after rebirth.
But shortly after the death of Octavia, and after the completion of the creation of Atropos, the Leanan sidhes government suddenly decided to terminate the experiment. The government of Leanan sidhes considered it too dangerous, arguing that if Lachesis and Atropos fell into Ishtars' hands, this would lead to disaster.
Moreover, according to Atropos, she did not see such a distant future, in which there was a way to overcome Ishtars. And for unknown reasons, the coordinates of the home planet Ishtars were also inaccessible to her.
... Finding Lachesis after rebirth is extremely difficult. And we decided that the best way would be to just let her get lost among other people. In addition, Ishtars knows nothing about her. And since we stopped following her, we don’t know where she reincarnated.
Atropos was also asked to get lost in the galaxy, because it is extremely difficult to find she. Also, being the information-streaming AI, when captured, Atropos can simply dematerialize and easily get out of captivity.
Atropos left Leanan sidhes, and since then we have not known her location. Although, in any case, it is impossible to keep against the will, the information stream that takes on a material form only at will.
Wherever Lachesis and Atropos are now, I do not think that they fell into the hands of Ishtars. After all, if they had the opportunity to see the present and the future, which means changing the statistics of the future, for sure, chaos would have started long ago...

Chapter 5. The Past. Leon from Cornwall
From Danu Annis Records. Britain, Cornwall, 451 AD according to the reckoning of the planet Marine from the Sol'A System (Earth from the Solar System).
The strange war with Leanan sidhes with Ishtars began a long time ago, about ten thousand years ago. And it continues to this day.
Once, Ishtars simply appeared on the planet of Leanan sidhes, Si, and staged a bloody massacre. They killed half the population and... took the souls of those killed with them.
After about a hundred years, when the number of Leanan sidhes recovered, it repeated again. And then again... And more...
The search for the home planet of Ishtars has not yet been successful.
But for a thousand years since the first Ishtars attack on Si, Leanan sidhes found planets where their regular presence was noticed.
These turned out to be uninhabited planets or planets with underdeveloped civilizations. Ishtars mined gold there, and people (usually Midgards) were forced to work for themselves, calling themselves gods, and influencing the development of local culture.
But Ishtars rarely took the souls of Midgards, unlike Leanan sidhes.
Leanan sidhes decided to make points for observing Ishtars on planets with a low level of development (because Leanan sidhes can be lost among the locals, while on an uninhabited planet this is not possible). Our ships-bases with soldiers and scientists were sent to each of these points to study and monitor Ishtars.
One of these planets was the Earth. The bases on it were Avalon and Camelot in Britain, and other bases in different parts of the Earth.
In addition to us and Ishtars, other alien races have flown to Earth in the past, for reasons only known to them. Leanan sidhes found traces of their former presence, but did not meet any of them on Earth. Although, Leanan sidhes periodically contacts these races in space. But they follow the policy of complete non-interference in the life of technologically advanced civilizations. Therefore, Leanan sidhes and other developed civilizations are forbidden to visit their planets and their colonies. Those space races do not share their technology with anyone. Perhaps they know the coordinates of the home planet of Ishtars. But how many Leanan sidhes in the past did not ask those space races to give coordinates, they refused. As a result, we stopped trying to find out any information from them.
According to the rules, Leanan sidhes also do not intentionally interfere in the development of other civilizations. And yet, in one way or another, in the past there was an impact on other cultures. Because of this, some peoples of the Earth remembered Leanan sidhes as gods or demons.
Previously, Leanan sidhes did not mix with other races, but the search for new solutions in the war with Ishtars pushed us to combine our genes with Midgards.
From such unions, those who began to be called Pixies were born — the children of Midgards and Leanan sidhes. They have 50 percent or more Leanan sidhes genes, but less than 100 percent of Leanan sidhes genes.
Pixies have abilities equal to Leanan sidhes, but often they also have higher regeneration, which increases their combat abilities.
But Leanan sidhes has a harsh demographic policy. Because, thanks to the nanoparticles introduced into the blood, we can live as long as we wish, or until we die in battle. Therefore, children in our society can only be born instead of dead relatives. This applies to purebred Leanan sidhes and Pixies.
This allows Leanan sidhes to avoid overpopulation, and rationally use the important resources available only on our planet Si.
Since Leanan sidhes are both male and female, it is possible, if necessary, to easily create your own genetic copy.
If someone from Leanan sidhes or Pixies wants to have a family with Midgard or Fand, the nanoparticles of that Leanan sidhes or Pixies are turned off. And this person will live, like a simple Midgard or Fand, on the planet of her or his partner. Because, the natural lifespan of Leanan sidhes and Pixies is not much longer than that of Midgards or Fands.
If two Leanan sidhes, two Pixies, Pixies and Leanan sidhe want to start a family, but do not get permission to have children, they can be given permission to turn off the nanoparticles. After which they, like ordinary people, will leave to live on a planet that they liked.
If such a couple gives birth to a child with abilities that can be useful for Leanan sidhes, the child can be taken away by decision of the government, despite the demographic law. In this case, one or both parents can go with the child. And their nanoparticles are reactivating.
This right can be used to circumvent the demographic law when the Leanan sidhes government does not give permission to give birth to Pixie from Fand with a rare genetic set.
That is what we did...
On planet Earth from the Solar System, better known here as Marine from the Sol'A System, Rowena Calder lives. She is a descendant of Octavia, which I once turned into Lachesis.
The grandson of Octavia, married the daughter of one of the Celtic leaders and went to them. Later they became the Lairds, the ancestors of Rowena.
Lady Calder's blood contains a suitable set of genes. I tried to get the Council of Senior Leanan sidhes to give their permission to give birth to Pixie from Rowena. But at that moment, the population of Leanan sidhes peaked by law. Therefore, I have not received permission.
At the same time, the Council of Senior Leanan sidhes ordered me to find a suitable Pixie among those already born, or to change the latest development of my colleague from the Science Department, Vivianna Nimue.
Her invention, the nanoparticle sword, Caliburn, is an advanced and expensive technology. Ordinary Leanan sidhes cannot sync with Caliburn properly. But according to our calculations, Pixie with a suitable set of genes could effectively synchronize with Caliburn.
Of course, we tried to conduct experiments on the synchronization of Caliburn and Midgards. To do this, we gave a simplified version of the Caliburn to a young man named Arthur from the lands that were relatively close to the possessions of Lady Calder's husband. In the future, this young man became King. But our experiment with a sword did not end in success, an ordinary person could not effectively synchronize with Caliburn.
Although, on Earth, Arthur was remembered as the legendary King. Over time, his life was overgrown with various speculations. In the memory of people, his image merged with other kings and lords of Britain...
You can say Vivianna made too capricious and picky weapons.
Synchronization requires someone with a very high level of energy!
Such a result in theory can be achieved by mixing the Leanan sidhe and Fand genes with suitable genetics. In that case, the most suitable Fand is Rowena Calder.
And I had to decide on a desperate step... I persuaded one of my subordinates, an employee of the Science Department, Leanan sidhe Taranis Torann[30], that he ‘fell in love with himself’ Rowena and conceived a child for her.
Let it be unofficially, in secret from the Council of Senior Leanan sidhes. Let this child be born, grow up and think that his or her father is the husband of Rowena.
If the child turns out to be gifted, and the Council of Senior Leanan sidhes considers it necessary, Taranis admits that he is the father of the child.
But whether a child is gifted or not, it turns out only by the time the Pixie body is fully formed. That is, to twenty years.
I am well aware of how cruel this is. But the child is needed to synchronize with Caliburn. And Caliburn is important in the fight against Ishtars.
Taranis also understands everything perfectly. He agreed to help.
Under the guise of a magician, in whom the people of the Earth at this time believe, some time ago, he came to the Court of Laird Agro Calder. And by a happy coincidence Rowena liked he.
Her husband is constantly busy with affairs, including military affairs. He never paid enough attention to her. For many years of marriage with him, Rowena gave birth to only one child — the daughter Mavella.
When her husband recently went to war, Rowena herself drew attention to Taranis. Although he has another lover — the local Laird Neil Phelan.
Therefore, when Rowena became pregnant, at first it was not clear who the father of her child was.
Neil, unaware of her relationship with Taranis, and knowing that Laird Agro was at war, thought the child was from him. Rowena did not disappoint on this score.
Recent analyzes, quietly taken from a sleeping Rowena, showed that the child, fortunately for us, is from Taranis.
Of course, none of us reported this to the Leanan sidhes government, since the conception of that Pixie occurred without permission.
***
From Danu Annis Records. Britain, Cornwall, 452 AD according to the reckoning of the planet Marine from the Sol'A System (Earth from the Solar System).
At the end of last year, the news came to Calder Castle that their Laird, Rowena's husband, had died in the war.
After the end of the prescribed mourning, Neil Phelan married Rowena. And even brought up her daughter from Laird Agro, Mavella.
In due time, a child was born to Rowena. It turned out to be little Pixie, in the initial form of a boy. His name is Leon.
***
From Danu Annis Records. Britain, Cornwall, 455 AD according to the reckoning of the planet Marine from the Sol'A System (Earth from the Solar System).
Leon grows up an active and lively boy. Not knowing that Taranis is his real father, the boy considers Neil Phelan to be his parent. And Neil, in turn, thinks that Leon is his son.
However, Neil still turned over the education of Leon to Taranis. After all, Phelan considers him a magician!
Leon is very friendly with his maternal sister, Mavella.
Recently, he had another half-sister, Jonah — the daughter of Neil from his lover. So far, Leon does not show much love for his younger sister.
***
From Danu Annis Records. Britain, Cornwall, 465 AD according to the reckoning of the planet Marine from the Sol'A System (Earth from the Solar System).
Leon fell in love with the wife of one of his father's warriors. But since he is a Pixie, most likely, in the future he will have to leave for Leanan sidhes. Therefore, if possible, he should avoid such feelings, so that later it would be easier for him to reject his previous life.
Neil decided to arrange the marriage of Jonah and Nevlin, a young warrior serving him. The wedding will be in six years, when Jonah grows up. The girl really likes the warrior, and she herself asked her father in the future to arrange their marriage. Laird agreed, but on condition that his daughter at the time of marriage would be at least sixteen.
***
From Danu Annis Records. Britain, Cornwall, 466 AD according to the reckoning of the planet Marine from the Sol'A System (Earth from the Solar System).
Leon was sixteen. His powers began to appear, and he gained the ability to change gender. Taranis led him to a pedestal with Caliburn, just as the magician Merlin once led Arthur to a simplified version of Caliburn (Merlin was told about Caliburn by the ‘Lady of the Lake’, scientist of Leanan sidhes, Vivianna Nimue). Leon drew sword, and its nanoparticles penetrated his body.
But his Pixie's body has not yet formed completely. The full formation of the body of the Pixie and Leanan sidhe is completed by twenty years. And then the most effective synchronization with the nanoparticles of the sword is achieved.
Therefore, even though Leon received Caliburn, Taranis still cannot accept his own child. It takes time.
Therefore, so far, Leon continues to live on Earth as the son of Neil Phelan, not knowing that he is a Pixie.
Everyone considers him the son of Phelan and the heir to his lands.
... Recently, Taranis decided to go with Leon on a journey through Britain, continuing to teach him martial arts and use Caliburn. Also, Taranis hopes this will distract Leon from his feelings for the warrior's wife.

Part 3. Agony
Chapter 6. The Queen and Nun-Galene
Takemi, the planet Ishtars, in the Helium System, in the universe of the Winged Gate. The capital of the Empire of Ishtars, Tameri, the Royal Palace
None of the Leanan sidhes knew where the home planet Ishtars actually was, and what it was called.
In fact, the planet of Ishtars is located in the universe of the Winged Gate. It was called Takemi from the Helium Star System. Which, in turn, were very reminiscent of the Earth and the Sun from the Solar System.
Tameri is the capital of the Empire of Ishtars, located on Takemi.
It was a city with well-planned buildings, neat, strict buildings made of beige stones. In the past, deposits of these stones in abundance were in the vicinity. The reserves of these stones, as well as the greater part of other non-renewable resources, have long been depleted. Their analogues were made artificially or mined on other planets.
In the center of the capital was the Royal Palace: a magnificent building, decorated with gold and precious stones, with tall columns.
Around the Royal Palace there were palaces of the highest aristocracy, only of a few in beauty, inferior to the Royal Palace.
The last hundred thousand years, the rulers of the Empire was the aristocratic clan Anun[31]. Other, ancient and powerful aristocratic families were considered clans of Netiro[32] and Janus[33].
These clans traditionally shared possessions on the planets from which they took resources and emotional energy.
For example, on Earth, the Anun clan in the past acted in the territories of Sumer, Akkad and the ancient civilizations of South America. Netiro clan acted on the territory of Egypt, and the clan of Janus — on the territory of Greece and Rome.
And although Ishtars has long ceased to make open contact with earthlings, the separation of the planet for the extraction of emotional energy has remained the same.
... Now the sovereign ruler of the Royal Palace and the ruler of the Empire of Ishtars was Orio, one of the daughters of the previous monarch, Marduk Anun, born of a concubine of low birth.
Marduk himself died almost a thousand years ago, from a disease called amongst Ishtars ‘Crystal Numbness’. With this ailment, which began unnoticed, the DNA changed. And if under normal conditions, Ishtars' life expectancy was twenty thousand years (and Ishtars kept the body youthful until the last breath), with Crystal Numbness, Ishtars' life was reduced significantly. Appearance during the illness remained young, but internal organs gradually failed, mobility and reaction decreased, and a bloody cough began. And in the end, Ishtar was dying. Alas, despite the high level of development of medicine, the inhabitants of Takemi could not cope with an insidious disease. It was possible only to alleviate the pain, but not to heal.
It was Crystal Numbness that took the life of Marduk.
Over his long life, he managed to become the father of many children. And according to the laws of Ishtars, each of them had the right to inherit the throne: both sons and daughters.
In the distant past, long before Ishtars learned to go into space, women usually became the Heads of their families. For the mother is always known for certain.
With technological advances and the advent of genetic expertise to establish accurate paternity, men and women legally equalized inheritance rights. Including the inheritance of the throne.
However, it should be noted that the King or Queen did not have full sole power. Together with them, the Empire was governed by the Government Council, which included representatives of all classes: the aristocracy, commoners, merchants, etc.
Without the approval of the Council, the monarch could not make a decision. The Council, in turn, could not have done anything without the permission of the King or Queen.
... The ruler, had the right to appoint as own successor any of own children or relatives. But more often than not, one of the children from the legal wife or husband became the heir (both male rulers and female rulers were not forbidden to have lovers to have children from them). The blood brother or blood sister[34] most often became the legal husband or wife. Such marriages in Ishtars were considered normal, allowing to maintain blood purity. For they did not have inherited genetic diseases. 
Marduk's lawful wife was his cousin, the beautiful Sarpanit[35], who now lived peacefully in a palace on one of the planets of the Ishtar colonies. She gave birth to two children from her husband: the eldest son, Prince Enlil[36], and the youngest daughter, Princess Inanna.
But Enlil was excluded from the succession to the throne after he committed a crime against the girl Ninlil[37].
Ishtars had such crimes strictly punished, no exceptions were made for anyone. And Enlil, in punishment, was sent to a distant planet, working in gold mines, together with the local Midgards.
According to tradition, he had to stay there until one of the Ishtars girls agreed to voluntarily become his wife. For obvious reasons, those who wished in such cases were few in number.
But, Ninlil, after some time, discovered that she was pregnant from Enlil, therefore, decided to become his wife. In due time, their son Nanna[38] was born. And the eldest son of Marduk freed from captivity. Since then, he, along with his wife and children, have lived on the same colony planet where Sarpanit is. However, the path to the throne was closed to him forever.
Therefore, his younger sister, Inanna, was considered the first candidate for the next ruler for a long time.
But Marduk, everyone was very surprised when, shortly before his death, he announced his will. His heiress, he did not appoint Inanna, but the other youngest daughter, Orio.
Everyone recognized Marduk's right to choose the heir himself, but were surprised at the choice of the King. After all, mother Orio is a commoner! What a rare precedent!
However, Marduk did not change his decision, and Orio, who had not attracted anyone's attention before, and who was quietly living in one of the palace pavilions, suddenly rose. And she became the new Queen of Ishtars.
She ruled for almost a thousand years. The young Queen by the standards of Ishtars (she recently turned only two and a half thousand years old), had both supporters and opponents.
She tried to pursue a peaceful policy whenever possible, devoting much time to technological developments to improve the quality of people's emotional energy, which is so necessary for using numerous Ishtar technologies. After all, Ishtars could not do with simple analogues of electricity for a long time.
But they also lacked the emotional energy of people. Therefore, they had to do something that Orio did not like: to use the souls of Leanan sidhes.
***
...On that day, there was wonderful weather on Takemi. Helium shone in the blue sky, illuminating the capital with its golden rays.
Numerous people rushed about their business. If Lucia saw them, she would certainly find some similarity between the clothes of the local residents and the ancient Roman and ancient Egyptian clothes.
Ishtars has long been calm about a naked body and considered it natural. Therefore, to see a woman with naked breasts on the street or a man in a short loincloth was commonplace. No one paid attention to it. Moreover, Takemi had a very hot climate.
Many men and women wore various jewelry and used cosmetics: for example, they did eye makeup. Sometimes, when they flew to planets with a low level of development, for example, to the Earth in the past, local population copied some of the features of fashion from Ishtars. But of course, over time and the development of such planets and the Earth, Ishtars began to appear there, dressing like the local population, so as not to attract too much attention.
... In the Royal Palace, numerous servants were engaged in their daily duties. Of course, Ishtars technologies allowed the widespread use of androids, but this was not done on purpose, so as not to reduce the number of jobs for citizens. The androids at Ishtars were made only to order and were very expensive.
However, some aristocrats bought androids for personal use. Particularly popular were models of android servants. They were bought for work in suburban estates, which the owners did not visit very often..
... In the Royal Palace, everything went on as usual. A girl of about twelve in appearance, with dark hair and huge blue eyes, cheerfully rushed along the wide corridors.
This girl was none other than Atropos, once created by Danu. Contrary to the expectations of her creator and in secret from her, Atropos voluntarily went to live with Ishtars.
Knowing the future, and with the help of her knowledge, influencing the rulers of Ishtars, she tried for a long time to prevent the greatest number of victims in the protracted conflict between Ishtars and Leanan sidhes. And all this time, she managed to reduce the number of deaths on both sides. However, neither ordinary Ishtars, nor aristocrats (except for the Queen and the inner circle of her confidants) did not know who Atropos really was.
“Arte! Apolo!” the girl exclaimed joyfully when she saw the familiar twins.
The sister was called Artemis, and her brother Apollo, or as Atropos called them: Arte and Apolo. They were children of one of the Ishtar's aristocrats, Zeus Janus. And they had the status of Nun-Galene[39] — the senior rank in the Ishtar's army.
Of course, in addition to Nun-Galene, the Ishtar army had many more different ranks. For example, Igigi followed them in seniority.
Nun-Galene carried out special secret missions of the ruler and carried out checks of Ishtars points on different planets. And Igigi were part of the personal guard of the King or Queen.
The remaining numerous ranks of the Ishtar army also had their own characteristics and responsibilities.
“Ah, Atropos!” Meanwhile, the twins sincerely rejoiced when they saw the girl.
During the time that Atropos spent among Ishtars, the three of them became very friends. And Arte and Apolo treated her as their beloved little sister, although they knew very well who she really was.
“You look worried... Did something happen?” worried about Artemis.
“I heard that Arte and Apolo are leaving soon again...” the girl answered sadly.
“The Queen ordered us to go to check the points of Ishtars to Earth. So necessary, Atropos. You understand that, don't you?” Apollo smiled softly.
The girl pouted:
“Yes, but since Orio raised the two of you to Nun-Galene, you leave so often... When you were Igigi, you were sent to tasks much less often, and we played together more often.” 
“Atropos, I promise I'll play with you when I get back,” Artemis stroked her head.
“Really?” she revived.
“Yes.” 
“Hurrah! Arte will play with me!” 
Atropos hugged her joyfully. She often acted like a child. But no one had anything against it.
“And Apolo hug?” pouted Apollo.
“Will you play with me too?” the girl looked at him with her huge blue eyes.
“Of course!” 
“Hurrah! Apolo will play with me too!” Atropos joyfully hugged him.
Suddenly, footsteps were heard from behind. Turning around, the interlocutors saw Inanna, obviously in a bad mood.
“Inanna-nin[40]?” Artemis muttered, anticipating trouble.
Atropos, a somewhat apprehensive woman, hastened to hide behind Zeus' daughter.
Princess of Ishtars looked at her carefully and snorted. She considered Atropos a simple child, to whom Marduk stopped growth with the help of nanoparticles in the blood. And which, long ago, for some reason was brought closer to the Court shortly before the death of Marduk. And Orio, becoming Queen, allowed her to stay in the palace.
“Are you messing with this troubled kid again?” Inanna said displeasedly.
Atropos pouted with resentment, but refrained from unnecessary comments. An awkward pause reigned in the air.
“My Lady, is something bothering you?” broke the silence of Apollo.
“Orio ‘ordered’ me, as a representative of the Royal family, to go with you two to check Ishtars points on Earth,” Inanna snorted again. Checks were often accompanied by someone from the ruling family. The Princess continued to express dissatisfaction: “When Marduk declared her the heir to the throne, he was clearly distraught from the disease! And now I have to serve her!” 
The indignation of the princess knew no bounds. She never disdained harsh words against the ruling half-sister.
Calming down a little, she pulled herself together. After which the daughter of Marduk continued:
“She sent me on a mission with you two. And I have a very bad mood, therefore, I propose to quickly deal with this.” 
After these words, Inanna headed away with a decisive step, finally saying:
“I advise the two of you to hurry if you do not want to incite my anger!” 
When her steps subsided, the twins looked at each other expressively.
“Artemis, I think we have a problem...” said the brother.
“I agree with you...” the sister nodded.
“Atropos wishes you good luck,” the girl encouraged them. Sometimes she talked about herself in the third person.
“Still, there is something bright in this life,” smiled Arte, stroking the ‘little sister’ on the head. “Thank you, Atropos.” 
***
Meanwhile, in the chambers of Queen Orio, the following events took place. The ruler was seated on a chair upholstered in soft fabric, located in her chambers. The chambers were a spacious bright room, furnished with elegant wooden furniture of fine work.
Orio received her name in honor of an ancient hunter, Orion[41] from the Janus clan. He was so popular that many parents named the children in his honor. The boys also became Orion, and the girls became Orio.
Appearance Orio was a young lady with a pretty face and long dark brown hair tied up in a ponytail. Soft locks flowed over the Queen's shoulders, contrasting sharply with her pale skin.
Orio's clothing was a dress of light beige silky fabric and gold jewelry.
Now, three of her faithful associates appeared before her. The first was a woman with long straight golden hair, Aruru Anun, the Head of the Department of State Scientific Research of the Empire of Ishtars. And, despite the difference in age (the scientist was over eight thousand years old), the Queen's faithful friend. The second was Horus[42] Netiro, one of Nun-Galene, an attractive young man with amethyst eyes and dark hair, recently he was more than four thousand years old. And Michelle Janus, a girl with fiery red locks on her shoulders, one and a half thousand years old, one of Zeus’s illegitimate daughters, also having the status of Nun-Galene.
“Horus-en[43], Michelle-nin, Aruru-nin,” the Queen addressed them. “You probably already guess that I called you all not only to talk about the upcoming check of points on Earth, to which I send you, Horus-en and Michelle-nin, together with Artemis, Apollo and Inanna?” 
“No, My Queen,” Michelle honestly admitted. She thought that the Queen called them only to ask to be more attentive to any of the points.
Horus thoughtfully kept silent. Aruru already knew everything, but so far refrained from commenting. Orio continued:
“Recently, the communication with Marianna, who, along with the other Ishtars, should be watching the base of Leanan sidhes, Avalon on Earth, was interrupted. And those with whom she went on a mission cannot find her.
“Orio-nin, are you worried that Marianna can do stupid things?” Horus guessed.
“Yes,” the Queen nodded. “I thought she was calmer, and therefore sent her on this mission. But apparently, I was mistaken. I was informed that she did not return to the observation position with the other Ishtars, which was at a safe distance from Leanan sidhes. And she was able to remove the micro-transmitter from her spear, tracking her movements. Therefore, no one can find her... But I suppose she is still moving near Avalon.” 
“Do you want us to take her with us?” Michelle guessed. “Marianna did not obey direct orders, which is a serious misconduct. You don’t want to make an excess ‘noise’ around this, therefore, and send only us?” 
“That's right,” the Queen confirmed. “And I hope that Marianna does not have time to do anything superfluous... You know yourself, I’m not happy with everything that is happening, therefore, I would like to avoid blood spilled in vain. Including her.” 
“Don’t worry, Orio-nin, we understand this,” answered Horus readily.
“Thank you, you three are the only ones I can ask about this. Aruru-nin and I calculated the possible coordinates of the movement of Marianna. Now she will explain everything to you,” the Queen smiled.
The scientist bowed slightly.
There was silence in the room for a few moments. Michelle broke its, with the words:
“My Queen... I dare to ask... Leon... Orio-nin, do you happen to know if Pixie Leon survived after the last battle with Marianna a year ago?” 
The Queen looked sympathetically at the girl. She, like many other Ishtars (for rumors spread quickly everywhere, even to Takemi) knew perfectly well that in the past, forbidden passion flashed between Michelle and Pixie Leon. Ishtars was not forbidden to enter into a romantic relationship with Midgards or Fands. But for obvious reasons, loving relationships with Leanan sidhes and Pixies were banned.
However, the daughter of Zeus and Leon, having despised the ban, became lovers and met secretly for a long time. Of course, in the end, Ishtars and Leanan sidhes became aware of this...
When everything became known, Michelle, for such an act, was greatly reduced in status and was put under house arrest for a long time. As Leon was punished, Ishtars did not know (although he was simply put under house arrest and moralized for a long time).
Michelle managed to achieve the status of Nun-Galene only recently. And that, only because the Queen was kind and gracious, and put in a word for her before the Government Council. She attributed the girl's misconduct to youth and the resulting recklessness.
“I don't know,” Orio answered honestly. “But if he is alive, then he is possible now on Avalon... However, Michelle-nin, you understand that if something forbidden happens again, you run the risk of lowering your status even more than last time? And the matter is not limited to house arrest — you can go to the mines. Then, even I can do nothing.” 
Michelle nodded sadly:
“Of course, I understand that.” 
“My Queen, tell us to leave?” asked Horus, wanting to avoid new uncomfortable pauses.
“Yes, of course... Aruru-nin, explain to Horus-en and Michelle-nin the location of Marianna.” 
“Yes, My Queen,” she nodded readily.
“And try to do without blood,” the Queen added in the end.
“That's right, My Queen,” answered Nun-Galens with a bow.
***
When Aruru, Michelle and Horus left the Queen’s chambers, Orio was left alone. For a while she sat silently, thinking. Suddenly, a woman fell into a fit of coughing. She pressed a handkerchief to her lips. When the cough stopped, blood remained on the snow-white fabric.
“This began to happen more often... My attacks of Crystal Numbness...” Orio said quietly.
In addition to a trusted doctor who made an oath of silence, no one else, not even the closest, knew that she was sick. The Queen carefully concealed this, fearing that unnecessary panic might arise. She had no children, but she had already chosen an heir from existing relatives. And she wanted to make a will in the near future. And only then, perhaps, to declare their secret.
“I wonder how much longer I will live?” she said softly.
“You still have time,” came a familiar voice right above the ear.
“Atropos! When did you appear here?” the Queen was surprised, her eyes wide open, looking at the girl who had arisen near from the void.
“Just now,” she smiled happily. When she and the Queen were alone, the girl spoke informally with her. Orio, in turn, had nothing against it. “I’m an informational essence, synchronizing with the Akasha Chronicles!” This is what Danu created me, more than fifteen hundred years ago!” 
“Did you know what I would do now?” 
“Yes, I looked into the Akasha Chronicles two and a half hours ago. In any case, one thing I can say with a high probability — you still have time.” 
“A little happy,” Orio smiled sadly.
“Afraid that this will cause panic among Ishtars? If they find out about your illness?” the girl was saddened.
“Yes.” 
“The probability of this is indeed very high...” 
Atropos wanted to talk about the treatment of Crystal Numbness, which she saw in the future, but could not. Being the one who synchronized with the Akasha Chronicles, she was aware of the inadmissibility and consequences of changing the natural course of events. Ishtars themselves must deal with this problem when the time comes. No matter how bitter it may be...
“They are very upset... Arte, Apollo, Marianna, Horus, Aruru and Michelle... All those to whom you are important,” the little interlocutor sighed sadly. “And she, too, will be upset...” 
“Are you about Inanna?” surprised Orio.
“About her,” Atropos nodded.
“The likelihood of this is extremely low, right?” 
“No, it is one hundred percent. And when you made your last will, you made the right choice,” Atropos answered confidently.
“You think so?” The Queen stroked a small interlocutor on the head. She, like Apollo and Artemis, treated her like a beloved little sister.
“I don't think so, I know! Because, I’m Atropos!” she said confidently.
The Queen nodded.
“So far, I have not officially announced my will, so that she does not know... I will announce it later. When I... I think you understand …” 
“Yes... And as I said, you have time.
The Queen thought for a moment. She did not dare to ask this question for a long time, but in the end, curiosity overpowered.
“Atropos... tell me, how much time do I have? Will I have time to finish my business?” 
“Yes!” 
“Okay, I'm happy.” 
Atropos smiled sadly and said:
“I will go!” she disappeared.
Marduk's daughter was left alone with her thoughts.
***
A little later, Atropos, who left the Queen’s chambers, sat near a small pond in the garden, which was located around the palace. Her mind was overcome by gloomy thoughts: “In the distant past, when Leanan sidhes asked me how to find the home planet Ishtars and weapons against them, I saw this all. I knew everything, even though I said that I did not know anything. But Takemi is too far, Leanan sidhes with their technology will not be able to get here. And a weapon with the power to destroy all Ishtars is too dangerous. Therefore, I was silent about this…
It’s so sad to see a probable future... Ultimately, I’m still not able to influence all global events. I can only replace the big tragedies with a little smaller ones.
Therefore, shortly after Danu created me and these experiments were banned, I left Leanan sidhes to Ishtars. I did not get lost among ordinary people, as my creator expected.
I wanted not to let this world fall into complete chaos, not to turn the conflict of Leanan sidhes and Ishtars into something uncontrolled...
And if, then, many years ago, Marduk, as he wanted, chose Inanna as the heiress, it would not have ended in anything good. Therefore, I advised him to choose Orio... Although the Ishtar aristocracy did not know about this, thinking that Marduk himself had chosen his youngest daughter as heir.
Orio had the hope of a better life for the simple Ishtars, and the conflict with Leanan sidhes became a little less bloody.
And now, her choice to make Inanna heir is true... Inanna, without suspecting it, she has changed. Very changed. And in the future, she will continue what Orio began. But before that, there is still time... All this will only happen in the future.”

Chapter 7. Avalon. Lost memories. Lachesis — ‘Fate’ 
Planet Earth in the Solar System. England, Cornwall.
A month has passed since Lucia arrived at Avalon base.
Avalon was the base of Leanan sidhes, where they conducted various scientific studies. Also, from Avalon, Leanan sidhes observed the movements of Ishtars and, if necessary, entered into battle with them. The last serious conflict was long ago (except for the periodic battles with Marianna and several other Ishtars).
Ishtars was rarely captured for interrogation. And a few captives managed to escape. And this was one of the reasons why Leanan sidhes did not have enough information about opponents.
... Avalon was an island with houses where Leanan sidhes lived, laboratories and outbuildings in which various technologies were stored.
In the center were the administrative buildings where the leaders of the base lived and worked — Danu and her deputy Vivianna. There was Danu's house, in which she lived, and her daughter recently settled.
The chores on Avalon were performed by androids, with artificial intelligence (however, it works with limited chores).
Avalon Island hid in subspace and was located off the coast of Cornwall. In the past, a little further away, there was another Leanan sidhes base, Camelot. It go down in myths as the legendary city of King Arthur. For his prosperous lands bordered on that part of the sea where Camelot base was located. Later, Leanan sidhes transferred Camelot base to another part of the sea.
As for the little-known legend about Laird Leon, Lucia was much surprised when she learned that the basis for this story was none other than her friend Leon. By the way, from there, he had a double surname. Phelan — by his adoptive father (Pixie did not want to part with this part of his name), Calder — by mother. And Leon did not take the surname Torann, according to his own father (Leanan sidhes Taranis Torann).
Leon also returned to Avalon. There, Lucia met Kay-Kernunn and recognized many new people. For example, one of them was the creator of Caliburn, Vivianna Nimue, and father of Leon, Taranis Torann.
Another girl learned one very interesting case from the past. It turns out, in ancient times, more than one and a half thousand years ago, her mother, Danu had long hair. But one day, when she came to visit little Leon under the guise of a familiar Taranis, the boy stuck a thorn of burdock to Danu's wonderful hair. It got tangled in her hair and Danu had to get a haircut! In the end, she got used to short hair. And she decided not to grow hair below her shoulders anymore.
Also, a pet of the Williams family, the cat Fluffy, went to Avalon. It turned out that he was actually two thousand years old! The secret of his longevity was nanoparticles, which Danu had once introduced to her pet. Similar nanoparticles were found in the blood of Leanan sidhes, Pixies, and the Fands that joined them. Nanoparticles gave them amazing longevity and eternal youth. Although the natural life of Leanan sidhes and Pixies only slightly exceeded the human.
In the future, similar nanoparticles should have been introduced by Lucia. And the girl already had Caliburn nanoparticles in her body.
Sword's nanoparticles have taken root in the body of their new owner. The process was extremely unpleasant, the young lady was tormented by heat and pain throughout her body. But it all ended safely within a week.
For Lucia began a new life, study and training. Danu and Vivianna told her the story of Leanan sidhes, about their technology, about space and the conflict with Ishtars. Leon and Kernunn taught her how to control a nanoparticles sword.
Caliburn completely ‘entered’ into the body of its owner: it disintegrated into nano-elements, penetrated into blood and flesh. Partially, when ‘extracted from the body’, the sword created itself from surrounding suitable molecules and atoms.
Also, Caliburn materialized from the body (there were two in total, Leon had one and Lucia had the latest model) Leon when he met Marianna. And she, by a similar principle, materialized her spear.
Caliburn could use energy attacks. After all, Ishtars and Leanan sidhes used spears and swords for a reason, and to minimize damage to the planets. After all, one thing is a battle with swords and spears. But a completely different matter is the use of more destructive weapons, albeit in subspace.
... Lucia got used to the new life with difficulty. In her free time from training and study, Lucia closed herself in her room and read books brought from home. She thought a lot about her past life. And she understood that she could never live as before.
***
Lucia read when she was distracted by a knock on the door.
“Who's there?” she asked, put the book down.
“It's me, Leon,” came a familiar voice. “Danu said you're here. May I come to you?” 
“Yes...” Williams answered a little bewildered, wondering what Pixie might need.
The door opened and Leon immediately appeared on the threshold.
“Something happened?” asked Lucia, making an inviting gesture to the room.
Leon came in. He looked a little confused:
“Just wanted to know: how are you? Of course, in training with the sword it’s not possible to talk properly, but I got the impression that you are avoiding unnecessary conversations.” 
Lucia sighed sadly. Indeed, lately, she has become very withdrawn: she was looking for any opportunity to be alone. She didn’t even talk heart-to-heart with her mother, answering all questions with general phrases.
“Mom sent you, right?” Guessed Lucia.
Her assumption was correct. Danu, worried about her daughter’s state of mind, really turned to Leon for help. She hoped that Lucia would be able to express her concerns to him, because they used to get along well.
“Are you already used to it?” Pixie, feeling embarrassed, changed the subject.
In response, young Fand just shrugged:
“Not really... But I think, with time, I will get used to it.” 
“I remember when I first came to Avalon, I also thought. Everything seemed strange and unusual to me!” 
“After all, you told me that you first lived among ordinary people, in England in the fifth century, didn’t you?” asked Lucia.
Leon nodded.
“Yes, as the son of Neil Phelan. He really was like the father to me...” 
His voice seemed sad to the girl. Still, Pixie had a strong affection for his mother and sisters (especially the elder Mavella) and his adoptive father. And despite the fact that many centuries have passed, he missed the family in which he grew up. And how could he not miss them?
Of course, next to him was his own father, Taranis. But Leon never had a trusting relationship with him. Like in childhood, he treated him like a teacher.
There was an awkward pause in the room for a few moments. Finally, Pixie broke its:
“You are good at everything, you are great. When I was here for the first time, I was in a greater confusion. And I'm glad that you're okay!” 
The interlocutors talked a little more on general topics. Soon, Leon politely said goodbye and left.
... When it got dark outside, Lucia began to go to bed. She lay on a soft bed, covered herself with a blanket, and quickly fell asleep. Daytime training with a sword she was very tired.
There was peace and quiet in the room. But suddenly something strange began to happen. Next to Lucia's bed, out of nothing, a slender girl arose with blue-white skin, transparent blue eyes and hair the color of the night sky, dressed in an azure tunic to the knee.
A moment later, another girl appeared near her: a young lady with light brown hair in traditional Roman clothes.
But if someone had now entered Lucia’s room, would not have seen the mysterious strangers. For they were part of the subconscious of Lucia.
“Octavia, it's all your fault!” said the girl in the azure tunic to the Roman.
“Really, Lachesis? And what have I done this time?” she fluttered her eyes.
“You ruined the life of your reincarnation!” 
“Really?” Octavia stared innocently at the girl she called Lachesis.
“Yes! Lucia mentally reproaches herself that she then went inside the barrier, to the place of conflict between Leon and Marianna! It seems to her that if she hadn’t done this, everything could have been different now! Of course, this is not so... But if she had found out the truth in a more relaxed atmosphere, it would have been much easier for her now. And it was you who pushed her to go inside the barrier!” 
“Yes, I sent her to go to the scene of the conflict between Leon and Marianna, which I found out about when I synchronized with the Logos. I know that I shouldn’t do this... But at that moment it seemed to me right!” 
“Don't do this anymore...” only Lachesis sighed. “Of course, we, with it, are parts of the same essence. But, Octavia, do not forget — you and I are something that has long been gone. I am a unique personality in her subconscious, which is the combined personality of all her previous reincarnations and the Lachesis System. Unique personalities like me are in the subconscious of all people. The only difference is, in my case, the Lachesis System is added. All past personality entities merge with me. All past personalities become part of me, along with their experiences and memories. Octavia, you are also a person of one of the past reincarnations! Although you did not come to terms with this and did not merge with me!
“What do you mean by this, Lachesis?” asked Octavia.
“When will you calm down?” answered Lachesis. “We are that which is not in the world of biological matters, in the world of the living. We are her subconscious, we can only observe. And perhaps we can sometimes help mentally by sending her premonitions and sensations. But do not intentionally change the course of things!” 
“So what?” the Roman frowned.
“You have to merge with me for a long time! And do not push your reincarnations into contact with Leanan sidhes, changing the course of events! It was also lucky that this time, your actions did not lead to anything bad! What if Marianna killed Lucia?” 
“I do not want to merge with you,” the interlocutor snapped decisively. “I have repeatedly spoken about this. And I said: why I don’t want to. Or have you forgotten?” 
Lachesis carefully looked at the interlocutor:
“I remember everything, Octavia... are you still angry?” 
Silence fell for a moment. Octavia broke its:
“Yes, I'm angry. I am angry at Inanna, who then killed Rin. I am angry at Kernunn for appearing, and that Ishtar did not kill me with my beloved. If I had died immediately, I would not have gone with Kernunn to Danu! I’m very angry that I went with him! I am angry at him and myself! And I am angry at Danu, who conducted those experiments! And I am angry at the Council of Senior Leanan sidhes! After all, they abruptly canceled the experiments with Lachesis! They decided it would be better if Lachesis was simply lost in her reincarnations!” 
The girl paused and tried to pull herself together. Then, she continued in a calmer voice:
“And how am I not angry? I just wanted to be with Rin... Or with his reincarnation... But each time, my rebirths were next to the reincarnation of the man who was my husband in Londinium! And every time my incarnations are so unhappy... I feel the reincarnation of Rin in Leon... But fate does not allow us to be together! Of course, I will not calm down until I am convinced that one of my reincarnations will be fine!” 
“But trying to make it better, you make it worse,” Lachesis said skeptically.
“At least I'm trying, not just watching how you do it!” 
“Sometimes we can only watch. Think for yourself — Leanan sidhes, like Fands and Midgards, and Ishtars, and other living cosmic races, do not know exactly what the soul and its structure are. Of course, Ishtars learned to use essences, to take and imprison souls. They even use the Leanan sidhes souls as a source of energy! And Fands and Midgards sometimes become part of their soul collections... Ishtars even knows how to put souls in a certain period of time in a similar cloned body of the last reincarnation! But they didn’t really know anything about the structure of the soul itself and the subconscious...” 
Therefore, if you start to show yourself, taking control of Lucia’s body, at best it will be taken as a split personality. Or everyone will understand that one of her past reincarnations woke up. And the consequences of this for Lucia — can be very different.” 
“I did not take control of her body!” Octavia was indignant.
“Then no longer subconsciously push her to risky acts.” 
“Okay! I got it! You convinced me!” the Roman woman exclaimed in exasperation, and disappeared into the air.
For several moments, Lachesis contemplated the place where her interlocutor had just stood.
“Well, what kind of girl?” she sighed. “Apparently, this is why the Soul System also provides for a single personality into which all reincarnations must merge... After all, if many personalities behave like themselves Octavia, what will happen to the current reincarnation of the person?” 
Lachesis sighed again and also disappeared into the air.
***
Meanwhile, in the Leanan sidhes laboratory, where the capsule with Clotho was located, not everything was calm either.
At such a late hour, Leanan sidhes, Pixies and the few Fands Avalon did not visit the laboratory, preferring to relax in their homes.
Saya (the name of the girl inside the capsule, who once became the owner of the Clotho System), barely noticeably opened her eyes. Strange frequencies started to come from her capsule again. And CCTV Leanan sidhes, suddenly froze for several minutes.
Saya knew that this time was enough for her.
The glass on her capsule disappeared, a greenish liquid from the capsule poured onto the floor. The girl went outside and... disappeared into the air.
Moments later, she reappeared, but already on the outskirts of the picturesque French suburbs, next to a magnificent estate. Saya went to one of the greenhouses in the estate's garden. There, despite the late hour, a beautiful girl looked after roses.
Saya knew this girl very well. Her name was Prometheus[44] Janus. One of Ishtars, once the beloved daughter of Zeus Janus. But fate turned out so that Prometheus was expelled from his native planet a long time ago, sending her into eternal exile to the Earth. On Earth, in various myths and legends, Prometheus was remembered as a titan who gave people fire, a protector of people from the arbitrariness of the gods. Her image in myths changed, and she was remembered as a man, a powerful titan, eventually defeated by the gods.
... Saya did not watch her for long.
“Soon, Prometheus, we will be together again...” she said softly.
After which she again disappeared into the air and again appeared in the laboratory of Leanan sidhes. The girl entered her capsule, the greenish liquid mysteriously returned back inside the capsule. And on the capsule again appeared sealed glass.
And at that moment, the CCTV systems started working again, as if nothing had happened...

To be continued…


[1] Pixies — in English mythology, small creatures that are considered species of fairies or elves. In the novel — children of the space race Leanan sidhes from Midgards or Fands.
[2] Nagas are serpentine mythical creatures in Indian mythology. Depicted in the form of snakes with a human torso and a human head. They live in caves and springs, on the ground, in the water or underground. In the novel are the children of Pixies and their relatives Fands. Or the Fands children, with whom Pixies mixed their blood by transfusion or through cuts. The flesh of Nagas is decomposed and renewed every two moons, making them look like snakes that change skin.
[3] The systematic conquest of Britain by Rome began in 43 AD e. and ended by the end of the 60s. Thus, Britain became one of the provinces of the Roman Empire. The conquest was strengthened by a system of military fortifications and military roads. Roman ramparts were erected along the northern borders. The local population often revolted.
Later, the crisis of the Roman Empire affected the fate of Britain. Since the end of the 3rd century AD the raids of the Celtic and Saxon tribes began. At the beginning of the 5th century, Roman rule in Britain ceased. Britain became a number of independent Celtic regions.
[4] Neil Phelan — The fictional laird
[5] Rowena — fictional lady
[6] Mavella — fictional character
[7] Leon — fictional character
[8] Taranis — god of thunder in Celtic mythology. In the novel, one of the space race Leanan sidhes
[9] Beltane — Celtic festival of the beginning of summer, traditionally celebrated on May 1.
[10] Vivianna is one of the names of the Lady of the Lake (she is the Lake Fairy, Maiden of the Lake and Lady of the Lake), a character from the cycle of legends about King Arthur. Another of her names is Nimue (her names range from Nimue to Vivianna, various authors and scribes gave her different names). It was she who, according to legend, gave the sword Excalibur to King Arthur.
[11] Leanan sidhe — in Celtic mythology, the so-called ‘wonderful beloved’, a bloodthirsty spirit who took the form of a beautiful girl. She appeared to men in the form of a beauty and drank their blood. Leanan sidhe live near springs and lakes. In the novel, Leanan sidhes are one of the cosmic races.
[12] Avalon is a mythical island of Celtic legends. In the novel — one of the bases of Leanan sidhes.
[13] Kernunn (Cernunnos) — Celtic deity with deer horns.
[14] Midgard — from the name of the world of people in Scandinavian mythology, Midgard.
[15] Caliburn is the legendary sword of King Arthur, which had magical properties. It was Caliburn that King Arthur pulled out of stone; later, it broke down in a battle with Pellinore. After that, the Lady of the lake gave Arthur the sword Excalibur. In the novel, Caliburn is the Leanan sidhes sword made of nanoparticles, and Excalibur is its modernized addition.
[16] Ishtar is the goddess of fertility and love in Akkadian mythology. In the novel, the name of an alien race.
[17] From the character name of Irish mythology, Fand.
[18] Fictional myths that exist in the universe of the novel.
[19] Dagda is the deity of Irish mythology, one of the Main gods of the Tribes of the goddess Danu (Dana). In the novel, the masculine form of Dana.
[20] Danu (Dana) — in Celtic mythology, the goddess of creation, the mother ancestor of the main group of gods of Celtic (Irish) mythology, also known as the Tribe of the goddess Danu (Tuatha de Danann). In the novel — Leanan sidhes.
[21] In the late republican and imperial times (1st century BC — 5th century AD), women did not have personal names. The female name was the female form of the generic name, nomen. For example, Tullia (from the Tullia family, for example, the daughter of Mark Tullius Cicero), Julia (from the Julia family, for example the daughter of Guy Julius Caesar) Cornelia (from the Cornelia family, for example, the daughter of Publius Cornelius Spitsion). Since all women are in one the family had a single name, within the family they differed in age. And when another daughter was born in the family, Minor (younger) and Major (older) were added to the name of both. Other sisters were Secunda (second), Tertia (third), Quintilla (fifth), etc. Minor was the youngest. The married woman kept her name, and was added to it cognomen (an individual nickname given once to one of the representatives of the genus often passed on to descendants and became the name of the family or Separate branch of the genus) of her husband: Cornelia, filia Cornelii, Gracchi — Cornelia, daughter Cornelia, (wife) of Gracchi.
Notable women could have, besides the generic name, the cognomen of their father; for example, Sulla's wife was the daughter of Lucius Caecilius Metellus Dalmaticus and was called Caecilia Metella; Emperor Augustus' wife was the daughter of Marcus Livius Drusus Claudianus and was called Livia Drusilla.
[22] Inanna is the central female deity in Sumerian mythology. She was considered the goddess of fertility and love. In the novel, one of Ishtars, the daughter of ruler of Ishtars Marduk.
[23] Marduk — in mythology, the supreme deity of the pantheon of Babylonia, the supreme god of Ancient Mesopotamia, the patron god of the city of Babylon. In the novel — the ruler of Ishtars.
[24] Lachesis — ‘fate’, in Greek mythology one of the three Moirai, goddesses of fate. Determined fate.
[25] Aruru is in Sumerian mythology, one of the hypothesis of the mother-goddess. In the novel, one of Ishtars, a scientist.
[26] Clotho — ‘Spin’, in Greek mythology one of the Moirai, goddesses of fate. Spin the thread of life.
[27] Lachesis — ‘fate’, in Greek mythology one of the Moirai, goddesses of fate. Determined fate.
[28] Atropos is ‘inevitable’, in Greek mythology one of the Moirai, goddesses of fate. Cut the thread of life.
[29] AI — Artificial Intelligence
[30] Torann is ‘thunder’ in Old Irish. In the novel, Torann is the last name Leanan sidhes Taranis. Name Taranis is the name of the ancient Celtic god of thunder.
[31] Anun — from the word ‘Anunnaki’. In Sumerian mythology, the Anunnaki was called the gods. This word means presumably ‘come from heaven’.
[32] Netiro — in ancient Egypt, presumably, the called gods.
[33] Janus is a two-faced god in ancient Roman mythology.
[34] In the mythologists of different peoples of the world, one can find references to the fact that gods and goddesses married with their divine brothers and sisters. For example, in Greek mythology, the goddess Hera is the wife and sister of the supreme god Zeus. In Egyptian mythology, Isis, Nephthys, Seth and Osiris are brothers and sisters. At the same time, Isis was the wife of Osiris, and Nephthys was the wife of Seth.
This feature of myths is preserved in the novel.
[35] Sarpanit is the goddess in Akkadian mythology, the wife of Marduk. Other varieties of names are Sarpanitu and Zarpanit. In the novel also his wife, and also his cousin.
[36] Enlil — ‘Lord of the Wind’. In Sumerian and Akkadian mythology, one of the three great gods, along with Anu and Ea. The son of Anu (Heaven) and the goddess Ki (Earth). God of air, patron of the city of Nippur. In the novel, one of Ishtars, the son of Marduk and Sarpanit, the brother of Inanna.
[37] Ninlil — ‘Lady of the Air’, in Sumerian and Akkadian mythology, the goddess, wife of the god Enlil. In one of the poems Enlil and Ninlil, she lived in Dilmun with her family. She was subjected to violence (or seduction) by Enlil, after which she conceived the child Nanna (or Sin) — the future god of the Moon. In punishment, Enlil was sent to the Underworld, the Kingdom of Ereshkigal. Ninlil went after him. To have the right to leave the Underworld, Enlil takes the form of the guardian of the gates of the Underworld, the guardian of the river and the carrier across the river, and conceives from Ninlil the gods of Nergal (the god of death), Ninazu and Enbilulu (the god of rivers and canals). These three sons remain in the Underworld instead of Enlil, Ninlil, and Nanna.
[38] Nanna — in Sumerian mythology, the god of the moon, the son of Enlil and Ninlil. Also, according to mythology, he is the father of the goddess Inanna and the sun god Utu. In the novel, he is not the father of Inanna, but he is her nephew.
[39] Nun-Galene — ‘Grand Dukes’, also known as Igigi. In Sumerian and Akkadian mythology, one of the two, along with the Anunnaki, is a group of gods. In myths they are described as gods living in Heaven, sometimes on Earth or Underground. In some cases, Nun-Galene, Igigi are synonyms of the Anunnaki. In the novel — the senior rank in the Ishtar army.
[40] ‘Nin’ is a lady (as well as a Priestess or Queen) in Sumerian. In the novel, Ishtars speaks so respectfully to women, the analogue of ‘lady’.
[41] Orion — in ancient Greek mythology, a hunter. In the novel, the name of the heroine, Orio, is a fictitious name formed on behalf of the mythological character of Orion.
[42] Horus — also known as Hor. In ancient Egyptian mythology, the god of the sky, the sun. The ancient Egyptian kings were represented by the incarnation of the god Horus. In the novel, Horus is one of Ishtars.
[43] ‘En’ is the lord (as well as the Priest or King) in Sumerian. In the novel, Ishtars speaks so respectfully to men, the analogue of ‘lord’.
[44] Prometheus — in ancient Greek mythology, one of the titans, the protector of people from the arbitrariness of the gods.
Prometheus stole the fire from Hephaestus and handed it to the people. For this, Zeus chained him to a rock, and an eagle pecked the liver of Prometheus. Since Prometheus was immortal, his liver grew again, and the eagle pecked it again and again.
In the novel Prometheus — the exiled Ishtar, the daughter of Zeus.
