
Incandescence
Angela B. Mortimer

Incandescence
PUBLISHED BY:
Angela B. Mortimer at Smashwords
Copyright © 2014 by Angela B. Mortimer

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase another copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used factiously.
Adult Reading Material
*****


As always, I’d like to thank my husband for being such a help when I am obsessed with work, and proofreading, and Phill Campbell for all the hard work that went into checking this rather larger than a usual book. It is two books in one so if you need to get your breath back after the first part Incandescence, before starting on the second part Dioscuri (Twins) you can. I thought three books are perfect for a series to finish.
Hope you enjoy it.

Table of Contents
Title Page
Copyright
Acknowledgements
Part One: Incandescence
Part Two: Dioscuri

Part One
Incandescence

Chapter 1
When Vrash got back from his weapons practice, he couldn’t locate his father. Coath promised his son he’d listen to his ideas for keeping their outlying borders safe from the Pharlas, who continued to raid their settlements after they defeated them in battle.
He sensed a jolt in his mind; his mother had arrived. No wonder his father wasn’t available. He forgot everything else when Doella was here. She usually stayed a few days, and they rarely left their apartments. After his parent’s first lovemaking, Vrash knew she’d want to see him. Although he was a mature man, she’d caress him and stroke the hair from his eyes. When he was younger, he’d squirm and try to pull away, but now her touch was all he wanted.

In common with Doella’s latest children, Vrash grew up fast. It was only five years since the Pharlas failed invasion, and he was a man with the appetites of his parents. He used his father’s harem, but none of the gentle arms of the girls felt as his mothers. He pushed his jealousy away. This was insane, madness - it was against all decency to want your mother. But she was more than beautiful, different from other women, she glowed as gold and her pale golden hair fell over her body as rivers of silk. And her eyes, no gem shone as bright as her green orbs did. When she told him she loved him, the emotions sent into his mind were joyful, and to the youthful man sensuous.
It was hard to hide his emotions, for it aroused him thinking of her. He thought about visiting Laose, his current favourite. She kept the prince happy, but her soft caresses couldn’t dispel his longing for Doella. He must keep it secret - his father would hate him if he realised, and he hated himself even more.
Vrash went into the garden, asking one of the many servants to bring him drink, and then sat under a canopy and waited for his mother to call him. He watched the white curtain of their bedroom blowing in the breeze and heard his mother’s laughter. He gulped more wine and tried to relax. She laughed again, and Coath joined her. Nobody else made him laugh. She didn’t stay long enough, he said when he drank too much after she’d left them. But Vrash understood he was grateful she visited often.
His father said she was a divinity who lived in the stars and came to him, a simple mortal prince because she loved him. Vrash noticed the blue and white crystals sparkling on her body. No earthbound woman could be so lovely - she was a goddess! He tried so hard not to envy his father, who he adored. If it weren’t for this madness, he’d have a perfect life. He decided he must leave, take men and explore the lands far from their borders. His father had done the same, so he wouldn’t stop him. Then he’d be away from this unnatural torture.
Doella mind-called him, her special son, whom she understood was to play an important part in their futures. This dragon concept made her uneasy too. The future of many worlds hinged on the help he must give her.

Vrash waited a few moments to imply he wasn’t eager to see her and then walked the inner corridor to their rooms. She lay naked on the cushions, with his father beside her. Coath threw a silken shawl over Doella’s body as he entered. Nudity was not taboo in Fara but considered natural, so the gesture wasn’t lost on Vrash and he used his mental strength to keep his feelings buried. But he couldn’t look at her. As was her custom, she put her arms around him and held him close. His head fell on to her as she stroked his hair, and he sensed his father’s displeasure. He must have given himself away.
‘Doella,’ said Coath, ‘he is not a child anymore.’
‘Coath, my dear, a mother can hold her son. He’s grown up as handsome as his father.’
Vrash was good-looking and resembled Coath, although he wasn’t his biological parent. His long, wavy black hair and deep brown eyes were the same as Coath’s, and he’d the same tall, powerful physique. He looked nothing like Doella but inherited her passions and strengths.
‘You may go, Vrash,’ said his father curtly, ‘we will have our tactical discussion after your mother has gone.’
‘I’ll see you before I leave,’ she added.
They dismissed him. He bowed and left the room in search of Laose.

‘You shouldn’t hold the boy,’ said Coath. He sounded surly. ‘He is a grown man. You may be his parent but it’s not right he sees you so. You should cover yourself.’
Doella didn’t argue but nodded. She moved to the table and brought fruits and the bitter local wine. Next visit she’d bring more of last year’s spring vintage from Astras. Coath downed his wine and looked at the woman he loved. Every time she left him, he imagined her in the arms of another. She mentioned no one, but he realised there were others, and understood if he couldn’t accept it, she’d no longer visit. He was jealous of her brother, Hath, who often accompanied his sister to enjoy Coath’s neglected mistresses.
Doella heard his concerns. ‘Hath has gone to your women.’
Coath wanted to ask her, who else do you sleep with? He tried to stop thinking about it, but the thoughts wouldn’t go away.
Doella didn’t answer his questions, instead, reached over to pull him closer. ‘I love you Coath. We shouldn’t waste our precious time together. My visits are always too short.’

Hath met Vrash in the garden. He wanted to speak to his nephew before visiting Coath’s harem. 
‘Hello Vrash, come and join me,’ He handed him wine. Like his sister, he didn’t enjoy the local wine and had also made a note to bring more.
Vrash refused it. ‘I’ve had enough.’
Hath didn’t reply for a moment, and then choosing his words with care, he said. ‘So who should I keep away from? Is the lovely Laose still a favourite?’
Vrash changed his mind and reached for the goblet. Hath realised he loved his mother sexually and sympathised with him. The family knew the Rosarians enhanced Doella so she’d appeal to men, but never before did her hominid sons behave in such a way. Hath didn’t understand it either, but no doubt there was a reason. Doella didn’t appear worried about Vrash’s illicit desires. There was something else behind this. She just said Vrash was becoming a man. It wasn’t like his sister to be casual over anything so confronting.
‘Hath, you say I’ll get over it, but my emotions are getting stronger, and father is suspicious. What’s wrong with me?’
‘Your father suspects everyone, even me. He loves my sister almost to madness.’ Hath chose his next words carefully. ‘It might be a good idea to separate from them for a time. I’m sure your feelings will become less acute if you don’t see her for a while. Why not come with me and meet your mother’s family and friends? You could visit many places; the possibilities are endless,’ he saw what effect his suggestions were having on the tense young man. ‘Your mother has given me a ship.’
‘A ship?’ There was no sea near Fara, he knew nothing of ships, large water expanses, or space. His uncle implanted in his mind an image of the sleek Rosarian ship in orbit above Ark.
‘I don’t understand.’
‘Then it’s time you did. This is a beautiful city and you’ve had a good start here, but you are capable of more.’ As he waited for him to reply, Hath refilled his nephew’s goblet.
‘Laose will miss me,’ he drawled, ‘but yes, I’ll leave with you. Why not? I was thinking of leaving Fara for a while…’
‘Vrash, there are lovely girls like Laose everywhere. She’ll miss you more than you will her.’
Vrash smiled. ‘When you put it that way, how can I refuse?’
‘Good, then it’s settled. Come on, let’s go to the women’s quarters, and we’ll tell Doella and your father at dinner this evening.’
‘They never invite us,’ said Vrash.
‘Tomorrow, then.’ Hath was happy he’d succeeded with Doella’s plan for her son.
Doella loved Coath. He was primitive by Varan standards. She’d always found human men fascinating, and he was similar to those she’d loved. When she was an anthropologist on her Earth, she had many lovers; but this man could live longer - over a thousand years. Still not long enough - no time was enough when you loved someone. When she lay in his arms, her innocence returned, as if she was a young Varan woman. Now she had the strange blue crystals, which gave her unknown powers from another, undiscovered dimension, and her innocence gone forever - as was her Varan heritage. The crystals contained so much untapped power it frightened her. She never probed her capabilities, unless circumstances forced her to do so.
As Coath lay beside her, she remembered her past. Takos left a long while ago, grieving for the woman she once was. Simune, her first husband, was dead. Was his obsession her fault? She wondered if he was responsible for his crimes, or if she was to blame. But it was too late to save Simune. Perhaps he’d been beyond saving, but often thought if she’d understood him better, could she have cured him? Worse (the pain, it didn’t diminish) Wylar, her most beloved dragon husband, died protecting her. Although their son Wylane took his father’s place in her bed, she still ached for his father. Their life together was so short, and he’d differed from everyone else, even though she loved Carnos, Sark, and Haris. Haris was like Coath, but more mercurial, and he spent half his time not believing she loved him and hating her because he could not leave her. Then he’d love her as fiercely as he hated her, knowing he must stay because he couldn’t imagine a life without her.
These three stayed with her, even though their jealousies simmered beneath the surface, and only Sark came to terms with sharing her. Wylane didn’t find any of this strange, it was the dragon’s way and Doellas now. She didn’t believe she was a Varan woman anymore; she was a dragon and something else too. So was Vrash, but he must find out for himself. Many people suspected she’d changed, but no one confronted her over it or asked her to explain herself.
This man Coath was different. He didn’t know the others. He believed she was a goddess and was grateful to hold her in his arms. He made no demands, she was happy and content to be here. In this place, she left her Astras responsibilities behind, why she wanted to stay longer than she should, and reluctant to leave. She was fortunate in having so much love in her life. But she always sensed an unsettling emotion deep inside, as if waiting to be called to do… what?
Hath and Vrash lay in a small pool in the harem with several of Coath’s loveliest women, when Vrash heard his mother calling to him. He leapt out of the water and noticed Laose’s pout. He wondered if she’d noticed his feelings for his mother. A eunuch dried him, and he put on a fresh sarong.
Don’t worry, uncle, he said on Hath’s mode, she won’t guess.
Your mother can sense things the rest of us can’t, Vrash, he replied in the same way. Then said aloud, ‘Hurry back,’ as he leant over to kiss the nearest girl.

Vrash hurried to his mother’s rooms. Even when she wasn’t here, they were cleaned and prepared by her fond personal maid, Sama, who doted on her mistress. His mother stood by the open curtain as if waiting for him, and he noticed with regret she’d put on a gown to receive him. Both his parents were careless about their nudity while in their rooms. His father must have said something.
Coath lay on the cushions, looking at his son. Doella walked over to Vrash and kissed him on the forehead, while he tried to keep his ideas to himself. Why was she so beautiful, and why did she glow with such golden vitality? Hath was handsome and the siblings looked alike, but Hath didn’t shine as Doella did. She radiated warmth, strength, and sexuality. Doella read his dreams, though he believed he buried them too deep to find. Coath couldn’t read his son’s thoughts as his mother did, but realised his son’s feelings. He sat up, and his face betrayed a flash of anger, but for Doella’s sake, he regained control and stayed silent.
‘Vrash, my dear son, I expect by now Hath has mentioned about you two going away together for a while?’ Doella looked into her son’s eyes. Vrash sensed his father’s relief he was leaving and was ashamed.
‘Yes, I’d like to, if I have my father’s permission?’
Doella looked over at Coath and raised her eyebrows.
‘Of course, you can go. Your mother tells me, this “ship,” can supply your needs.’ Vrash looked as puzzled as his father did. ‘I’ll come aboard this ship with you and see for myself. Your mother says I will enjoy it, but we’ll be terrified in the realm of the gods.’ He laughed and glanced at his son with the tenderness he had for him when Vrash was young, and not an unlikely rival for Doella’s love.
Vrash smiled back. ‘Yes, we will. Thank you, father.’ He bowed to them both and left.

‘Don’t be angry with him, Coath, it’s not his fault. He’ll get over it. I’m different from other women.’ She smiled, took off her gown, and lay beside him.
He cupped her chin in his hand. ‘I understand, you differ from other women,’ all I want to do is to caress you and enter your body, and our son feels it too. I realise you have other lovers - once I believed Hath was one. Yes, I am jealous, but because you come to me so often and give me love to match my own, I am content. I must be, mustn’t I?’
‘Yes, you must.’
He tried to banish the questions, which intruded into his mind. Whom else do you sleep with? Do you love them, and how many children do you have?
Doella ignored his queries; but before she’d thought on it, she asked. ‘Why don’t I stay for longer, we could have another child? You will miss Vrash.’
‘Doella?’ His people couldn’t have offspring when they chose. The women were seldom fertile, only ovulating once every ten years.
‘Well, Coath?’
‘Yes!’
As it was, Vrash and Hath didn’t leave until little Siro was born. Doella fed the baby when Vrash came to say they were leaving.
‘So, my son, what did you and your father think of the ship?’
‘Hath took us to the stars in it, but we found it terrifying. We both felt sick!’
He sounded like a boy again. Doella smiled at him as he looked at his brother sucking at his mother’s nipple. He went red. She moved the baby to her other breast.
‘He’s as greedy as you were.’
‘He is growing so fast,’ Vrash said bending over to put his finger into the child’s grasping hand.
‘Your father will miss you,’ she paused a moment. ‘It’s possible you won’t come back to live here.’
‘I don’t understand.’
‘One day you will. For now, you must follow your path and without my help. This son of Coath is to be his successor, not you.’
‘Mother?’ Vrash looked angry. ‘I am the successor!’
‘No Vrash, you are heir to more, you are my heir!’ She put Siro in his cot, and stood, lifting her hand to brush the hair from his face as she did when he was a little boy. He grabbed the hand and kissed it. ‘No, Vrash!’ She pulled away.
Vrash stood up and lowered his head, blushing again. After a pause, during which they collected themselves, Doella continued, ‘Being my successor won’t be easy. It will be much harder than being your father’s heir. Your battles won’t just be fought by strength, guile, and diplomacy, but here,’ she pointed to her heart, ‘this is the hardest battle. I won’t see you as often…’ she saw the pain in his eyes. ‘Vrash, my beloved son, isn’t it for the best?’ she paused. ‘If Hath can’t overcome a terror or situation, you can think of me, and I’ll come. It’s time for you to go. Vrash, may we say goodbye without getting upset’?’
‘Yes.’

But when she moved closer, he reached for her. ‘Mother, I love you but I don’t understand why?’
She understood. ‘I know.’
He leant forward and kissed her on the lips, moving nearer until she felt his hardness between them. She pulled away, surprised at the intensity of his feelings for her. Not unexpected, for she appreciated what must be.
‘Goodbye, Vrash,’ she said. She’d heard his true father’s words and knew what he had to do. He left the room wiping his eyes, angry with himself and his mother. But with hope, for she’d wanted him too. She disguised it, but he felt her lust. He stopped in a curtained alcove to recover before going to look for his father and uncle.

After he left, Doella said a prayer to his actual father hoping he could hear her. Vrash, your son is starting his journey - watch over him. My dear Feye, our son is flawed, as is his mother. You prepared me for this, so tell me again, why must this be? But she knew.

Chapter 2
Coath said goodbye to his son. The ship Doella gave them was hidden from the primitive Arkans in its force field. She appeared holding little Siro. First, she went to Hath and kissed him.
You need to tell him the truth soon, about his actual father.
Not just yet. Let him learn something about us. Aloud, she said. ‘I will miss you, Hath. Look after my son.’
She hugged Vrash.
Hath and Vrash disappeared as they entered the ship. Doella prepared for this. She’d taken a small but comfortable vessel from Rosa. She moved Coath to safety as the ship lifted off.
Siro held out his hands for his father, who took him from Doella. ‘Without this little one, it would’ve been harder to say goodbye to Vrash.’
‘Why I had him.’
‘He’s growing up fast, as he did. It still frightens me, but soon I’ll have another grown son to share my life when you are not with me.’
They set off toward Varan. Though this Rosarian ship was more advanced than a Varan vessel, it’d take a long time to get there. Astras and Ark were months of lamina travel from Varan. Only the Feye Black ship could travel outside conventional time. Hath thought he’d find this slow alternative irksome. He was used to travelling in the Black Ship, which travelled instantaneously between two points, even if they were at opposite ends of the galaxy, or between galaxies. Doella called this method “No-time”. Hath said “all-time” because the alien ship could move through the dimensions he understood, and perhaps more he knew nothing of.
Vrash soon overcame his space sickness and became fascinated by the limitless new environment.

Hath first showed him the other planets in Ark’s vicinity, including Astras, but he didn’t take him to meet this family yet. Vrash was still too overawed to argue this point and Hath took them interlamina instead. He’d worked out a vague plan where to visit on the way to the homeworld, Varan. They’d come out of interlamina at random and look for interesting places. On the way back they’d visit Wylar and the other dragon colonies. Vrash was too innocent now to contact his dragon brothers and sisters.
Dolar was on Wylar at present and he’d missed her. She was always there for him, and he had a unique insight. He realised he loved her and wondered if she felt the same. He smiled at his admission. Dragon customs were so different from Varan ones. Would they marry? So far, Sark and Carnos hadn’t found a way for Doella and Wylane to have hominid children, but not given up on the project. Dragons were promiscuous, like his sister, their first mother. Dolar wouldn’t expect him to be with her - what a perfect wife! Now to enjoy his holiday.
Vrash was the product of two advanced beings - he learned fast. After a few days, Hath brought a precious Varan bracelet out of stasis. He wondered where Doella found it.
‘Your mother asked me to give you this when I thought you were ready. You are telepathic, but this enhances your abilities and helps you do many things you wouldn’t think possible. As you are not a full Varan, it might work differently for you, so we’ll take it slow. I’ll adjust it to match your signature and must get it right the first time or I’ll ruin it. I’m not a tech like Carnos or Sark.’
‘Who are they,’ Vrash asked.
‘Friends,’ he said noncommittally.
Vrash caught something from his tone of voice. ‘Of mother?’
‘Yes, and mine too.’ He thought to himself, Doella, you’ve given your happy-go-lucky brother too much responsibility. ‘It can be deactivated but you must never take it off or that will ruin it.’ Vrash nodded. ‘It’s easy to shield from sight. Enter my mind now, and I’ll show you how. See - simple isn’t it?’
‘Yes.’
Hath was impressed, Vrash coped better with his new enhancer than a full Varan. ‘When we are with our friends, we don’t cover it. I have a white crystal for you too, which works similarly, but Sark says you need to be used to the bracelet before we insert the crystal.’
‘I’m feeling strange, Hath,’ admitted Vrash, but he recovered with no help. ‘Will I get a blue-crystal too? You don’t have one do you?’
‘I’m not sure, Vrash, ask your mother. There’s a lot to learn, let’s take one step at a time. How are you?’
‘Fine.’
‘Good, you’ve adjusted.’
‘Teach me how to pilot the ship.’
‘Hey, slow down. You’ll need a white crystal before you can access the systems.’ Vrash raised his eyebrows. ‘The bracelet went better than expected. I’ll give you the crystal tomorrow, but for the moment you need to rest while it adjusts to your physiology.’
Vrash did as he suggested.

Hath sat in the control chair. My dear sister, something tells me this won’t be easy, he said in mind speech.
My kind brother, you are the perfect choice to raise my son, she answered in the same way.
Doella, he has adjusted too fast to his bracelet. He wants his white crystal tomorrow and is asking if he’ll have a blue one.
Don’t tell him yet. I’ve no idea when he'll be ready for a blue-crystal. It might take millennia - only his father can say when.
I realise Doella.
Try to get me out of his system by finding someone for him to fall in love with?
There’s not much hope. He had the most beautiful women on Ark, and that didn’t work. And once he finds out about Wylane, he’ll never give up… but maybe he’s not supposed to!
None of my other hominid sons are this way. Why Vrash?
I think you understand the answer.
I suppose I do. Find pretty girls, be careful not to hurt them, and enjoy your freedom.
Bye, Doella.

They spent a few weeks interlamina with no distractions. Vrash continued to learn much faster than any Varan. He soon controlled the ship and its systems and familiarising himself with the abilities given by his enhancer. In exchange he helped Hath, who was lazy, to brush up on his martial arts. Hath found his nephew gave him no quarter, it forced him to respond and soon enjoyed himself.
‘Carnos still keeps up his training,’ he said, ‘he learned how to be a warrior while he was on a planet called Levos. He and Haris spent time working together, but I always refused invitations to join them.’
‘You keep mentioning this Carnos, but when I ask who he is you become reticent. I’m not a child, I realise mother has other lovers, father knows too. Is Carnos her lover?’
‘To be truthful, Vrash, it’s not my place to tell you. I’ll admit it’s an unusual arrangement by Varan standards and your own. Your father has a harem because your society is male-dominated, common to civilisations at a primitive level. But Carnos is very important to your mother.’
‘Do they have children?’
‘Please Vrash, stop asking me questions.’
‘Do they have children?’ he persisted.
‘Yes.’
‘So I’ve other brothers and sisters besides Siro. How many?’
‘Doella likes children. Please Vrash leave this alone. It’s up to your mother to tell you everything, and she will when you become more familiar with our world.’
‘What you mean, Uncle Hath, is you don’t want to upset me.’
‘You are going to be as astute as your mother. Core says she can see around corners.’
‘Is Core…?’
‘No!’
There was little more Hath could teach Vrash on board the ship. It was time for them to explore and discover unique races and cultures. Even though Vrash was a quick learner, Hath realised he was still a child. He doubted he was the right teacher for this son of Vrash and Doella. His father was a Feye, a race far older than the Varan. What if he miscalculated and spoilt everything?
There were a group of worlds in easy range. Most were uninhabited, and those with civilisations were very low tech. They were bored with the sameness of interlamina, and the freedom of actual space beckoned. At last, they reached old Earth-type planets. There’d be more in the lamina layers too, and a perfect opportunity for Vrash to learn how to travel between with his enhancers. Hath scanned the worlds in their spatial area and the ones interlamina and decided which one they’d visit first.
Hath hadn’t heard from Doella. He wished she’d tell her son what he needed, as avoiding his persistent questioning was no simple matter. As his mother, he required rest when he was changing and learning. Doella sometimes slept for long periods, during which she gained in power. He sensed Vrash changed as he slept too. It was strange how he resembled his adopted father, with his fine-boned face and aquiline nose. Hath smiled as he recalled how Doella fell for Coath at first sight. She was attracted to more human looks than the smooth, regular featured people of their race. The objects of her desire were often dark-haired, unlike the usually blond Varan. Why did Vrash take after his presumed father instead of his mother? He stopped musing, realising Vrash was awake. His nephew entered.

‘I’ve found a likely planet. While we are there, I will show you how to use your enhancers to travel in lamina and explain how the ship does it - the method is similar. These settlements are equivalent to an Earth’s early metal age.’
‘The data says the Varan didn’t start any Earth forming this far from their homeworld.’
‘True, but your mother located these systems a while ago and didn’t explore them, so we’ll complete the survey for her. What’s interesting is they are in a second, third or fourth cycle. They lost technology and climbed the ladder again. Let’s impress Doella with our research. She believes the Litza may have started them, so they will be old. Remember the rules for originators visiting these types of worlds,’ Hath sounded serious. ‘We must not harm the population, and that includes emotions. As for any women…’
‘They should not be respectable?’
‘Doella meant we should hurt no one’s feelings.’ Vrash laughed at his uncle’s thoughts. ‘This is important, Vrash!’
‘I understand.’
‘Good. Your anthropologist mother feels strongly about women being “used” as she calls it. She saw abuse while she worked on her Earth. It can be the same for men too. She must’ve broken hearts herself, I believe she realises it.’
They spent a few weeks doing as Hath directed. Vrash understood more on Earth forming than his uncle. Their trips into lamina garnered information, although many of the planets were deserted.
‘I liked those people,’ Vrash said when they returned from visiting the planet in the original space. The occupants were humanoid, but their faces far from attractive to Varan eyes, almost bestial. Despite their looks, they were peaceful, even charming characters. ‘It seems Varan are more fascinated by looks. The inhabitants of the planet may not be a type A, the Varan ideal of perfection, but they use only aesthetic parameters. There is more to a person than regular features and straight limbs.’
‘Well said, Vrash, your mother will be impressed,’ Hath smiled, ‘she always argued for a change in Varan assessments, but of course, her ideas came to nothing. Varan is intransigent and opposes reform.’
‘Yes, I understand my mother’s ideas.’ Vrash searched for their next port of call. ‘This planet looks interesting. There are large structures on its surface. What do you think?’
‘Shall we look?’

Chapter 3
They landed outside the largest town. It looked the most promising to stay for a while. They were an A-class people, with surprising pockets of other racial types. A useful indicator this was an old race, which once had advanced technology. Perhaps a disaster affected them, and they reverted to an earlier level, for they possessed no machinery, which was unusual.
‘This is typical of a culture which destroyed itself. The different racial types are a good sign. If they were primitives, those other minorities wouldn’t be here. You can see how they don’t belong and must have originated elsewhere.’ Hath wondered why he needed to explain his theory. Vrash arrived at the same conclusion without his uncle’s help. There were signs from orbit of the remains of once-large cities, long since buried.
The town was basic, the usual castle on a hill dominating the buildings below it. The fortress was ugly, but the settlement nestled close to its thick stone walls as if they might afford it protection.

There was a permanent market with many beer and food stalls. The people were not clean, looked worn and had missing teeth. There was nobody here, appealing, so they sat drinking beer while they watched and learned their language. Women approached, but Hath handed out replicated coins and said no.
Uncle asked Vrash silently, I’ve familiarised myself with their speech, but nothing is promising here. There isn’t a single person with good teeth or clean hair anywhere.
They are just poor, replied Hath. Perhaps the people behind the walls are in better condition. Let’s get inside.

The guards didn’t stop them entering. This was the proper town. It was even dirtier. They saw another wall and went to the gate there, but were refused admission. They formed bubbles and got over the walls. Inside, they saw fruit and herbs growing. There were many armed guards, but no one else, and no attractive women. Then, out of a door in a low round tower, came a girl, different from the others they’d seen.
She had long dark hair, and her bright, yellow dress made of fine silken material. She wore an even finer shawl edged with tassels over her head. A group of women accompanied her, but they were older and plainly dressed.
One pretty girl said Vrash with a laugh, there must be more. Let’s follow her, she looks like Laose, doesn’t she?
Keeping to their bubbles, they followed her into a large round building, which was the largest single structure in the castle. It resembled a church or temple. Was the girl a priestess? There were no windows, and the interior was lit by many rush torches.

The young woman stopped before an altar where her attendants undressed her and then poured a jug of water over her. She stood as still as stone.
She walked up the steps to an ugly statue, rubbed her body against it, and sat cross-legged in front as if she were waiting. It fascinated both men as one woman brought her a drink, which she gulped. They wondered what she waited for… and then something appeared from behind the idol.

Vrash sensed a sudden rush of fear from Hath. He’d never seen his cavalier uncle troubled. The reason for his terror was a mystery to his nephew, but Hath knew the creature standing over the girl was a dragon in its hominid form. Since he did not recognise it, it was not of Doella’s kin, so must be a Wild One. What was worse, he felt them. Hath screamed in his mind for his sister’s aid. He braced to meet a blast of dragon fire. But they were back on their ship beside Doella. Vrash could only wonder at his mother travelling such a vast distance in moments.
‘Are you sure it’s a wild dragon, Hath?’ She asked in a business-like tone. Vrash had never seen this side of her before, and she ignored him.
‘No doubt, I’d have recognised one of your children.’
‘Yes, you must be right. None are on their own, and this sector is a long way. Wylane believes they try to get far away from us.’
Wylane and dragon children. What could this mean? It intrigued Vrash and horrified him.
‘I’ll have a word with this dragon,’ said Doella.
‘Can I come with you, mother?’ asked Vrash.
Doella looked at Hath. ‘Don’t ask me for an answer, he’s your son, and he is supposed to be receiving an education, isn’t he?’

She took hold of one of Vrash’s hands, and next moment they stood in the temple, facing the dragon. The creature hadn’t moved, and he concentrated, searching for them. The girl had disappeared.
Doella’s voice emerged soft and sinister. ‘Looking for me?’ He attempted to read her, but she didn’t fit into any known category. Her shape was Varan, but he couldn’t know her mind. He recognised her dragon signature, and then he realised who she must be. The being standing beside her was similar, undeveloped, and more readable, with a dragon signature - he was her young one.
At last, Doella broke the silence and entered his mind. So you are up to your usual tricks, spying out feeding grounds. But there isn’t enough meat here, is there? And you have discovered the joys of hominid mating, but the girl is fragile, so you keep hurting and then healing her. Poor creature, you will destroy her, and you don’t care. For that alone, I’d like to kill you, Zyl. No, you can’t read my mind, but I’ll tell you my name, although you have guessed it, I am Doella. You’ve heard of me.
Vrash couldn’t understand. It was as if his mother and the dragon were standing looking at each other, but a silent communication was underway.
The dragon’s face contorted for a moment as if with pain. Doella still held her son’s hand, and he moved closer to her.
‘Doella,’ the creature spoke aloud as if he wanted Vrash to hear him. ‘Yes, I have heard of you,’ his voice sounded strange to Vrash, an echoing hiss. ‘Wife to Wylar, and Wylane, Mother of Dragons, destroyer of the purity of our race.’
‘So Zyl, I see there are only thirty Wild Ones left. Thank you, I didn’t have the information. My offspring number thousands and they keep swarming.’
Vrash was afraid of his mother. She couldn’t mate with something, which looked so alien.
Zyl gave a terrible scream and turned into his normal shape - a huge red dragon. 

Vrash was terrified, and Doella pulled him closer. I’ll not kill you, Zyl. Instead, I have a proposal. All life has the right to exist, including wild dragons, and any of you who wishes to join my children will be welcomed.
Zyl didn’t reply, but opened his wings and took off, bringing the ceiling of the temple crashing down as he escaped towards the stars. Doella let him go and held Vrash to her as the roof collapsed around them. Then they were back on the ship.

Vrash was in shock, he sat and stared at his mother, while Hath asked his sister what she’d discovered.
‘The usual dragon plans,’ she replied, ‘at least Varan isn’t on the menu, but they are looking to feed themselves, not to swarm with young. I’ve found out something interesting. The few remaining females are sterile, so no eggs laid since our last encounter, and they are hungry. This is an area of lean pickings. The planets have low-density populations and not filled with good dragon meals. Zyl came here to explore deep into the lamina worlds. The ancient idol in the temple resembles him, and they believe him a god, why they offer him the girl. They drug her, and then he heals her,’ Doella was outraged.

At last, Vrash found his voice. ‘Mother, what did he mean by “Mother of Dragons”?’
Doella looked at Hath. ‘Isn’t it time you told him the truth, Doella? It’s only been a few months, but he’s learned a great deal and is far from being primitive. He keeps asking more questions than in our database, and I can’t keep ignoring them. It’s up to you to tell him who he is.’
Doella nodded and sat beside Vrash. ‘Yes, you’re right, Hath.’
She took the ship to an uninhabited planet covered with sandy landforms surrounded by turquoise seas, and cloudless, deep blue skies. They landed on a low cliff.
‘You come too, Hath, I may need your help.’ Next moment they stood on the seashore. Doella and Hath sat on the sand and she pulled a reluctant Vrash next to her.
‘Am I frightening you, Vrash?’
‘Who are you? Why won’t Hath tell me anything?’
‘It’s a long story and Hath is right. I should be the one to tell you. But not before you'd seen more of life first, and met your family. I didn’t want to frighten or alienate you.’ She paused, trying to find the words while Vrash waited. ‘I love your father. From the first moment, our eyes met… but I need to start from the beginning. I was a Varan anthropologist. Hath has shown you our Varan culture and told you about our Earths?’
‘Yes.’
‘Unlike most Varan in my position, I had human companions, and they don’t live as long as we do. Coath looked and acted the same way, and I realised I’d not have to leave him.’ She smiled and her eyes stared far away. ‘It was as if gathered together in one man was my past loves. I’ll explain to you what’s happening here and now. I have other lovers too, and children by them,’ she paused. Vrash gazed at the sea in fascination, for he’d never seen it close up before, but he listened to her.
‘When will I meet the rest of my family?’ he said at last, ‘And why did that terrible creature call you “Mother of Dragons”?’ he asked again, still refusing to look at her.
Doella was uncomfortable. ‘My dragon husband was Wylar, and we had children…’ she didn’t tell him anymore. How could she?
Vrash put his head in his hands for a few seconds, and then got up and walked along the beach.

‘Did I cure him of wanting me?’ she asked Hath.
‘Doella, it’s too much for him. He’s young. He may appear a man, but he isn’t. I may be educating him for you, but cramming his brain with facts is no substitute for direct experience.’
‘Why I must be careful. I’m frightened of hurting him.’
‘It isn’t like you to be lost for words.’
‘Remember how Haris reacted when he found out the truth, I nearly lost him. Vrash is important and not just to me. If I don’t get this right, I might endanger everything.’
‘I don’t know what “everything” is,’ Hath said angrily, ‘leave me out of this. I agreed to give your child a basic education, and he and I have become good friends, but before we start this journey again, you must tell him the truth. All - not what suits you, all of it. He is your son and he will get by, as you always do, no matter what they throw at you. His real father is not impetuous, is he? Vrash will cope, but by trying to make it easy for him, you are making it harder instead.’
‘You’re right.’
‘Why don’t you take him to Astras and he can meet Sark and Carnos, and everyone? It’s a pleasant and reassuring place for him to start. Wylar and the Black Ship will be more frightening. Wylane and Dolar are there, which will help… and it’s your relationship with Wylane you are frightened of him finding out about, isn’t it?’
‘Yes. He’ll know he stands a chance with me after he finds out.’
‘He does, Doella. You said you knew there’s a reason for this. Well, I believe you are right, and it’s your Varan morals, which do not equate with mating with Wylane, and even less with Vrash.’

Doella watched her son, who stood on the shore looking out to sea, unaware the waves were lapping at his boots. ‘Yes, you’re right. His mind is confused. A visit to Astras would help. Will you tell him? At present, he’s not willing to listen to me.’

Hath walked over to his nephew, and before he reached him Vrash moved and sat on the sand well away from them.
‘It’s time for you to meet your other family members.  Your mother is taking us home. Vrash, Doella is doing her best not to upset you.’
‘I understood she has other lovers, so did my father, but I heard her say she has had thousands of those dragons. I don’t understand any of it.’
‘Well, it’s not thousands of her own. Her offspring have children themselves, they breed fast when required.’ He paused. ‘Your mother was sent to a dragon called Wylar to start a new race of powerful beings. A race of dragon and Varan hybrids not as cruel as their wild cousins, and it worked. She loved Wylar, and he, her, she’s never got over losing him.’ He sensed his words fell on stony ground. ‘Well, Vrash, don’t you wish to go home and meet everyone? They are eager to see you.’
Vrash nodded in reply, and moments later, the small ship was in the spaceport on Astras.

‘Welcome home, Vrash,’ Doella reached out to take his hand, and before he could stop himself, he took it.
She didn’t take him straight to her house, but led him along the path to the settlement, allowing him to become familiar with the environment.
‘Vrash should stay with me,’ suggested Hath.
‘Good idea,’ agreed Doella with relief, ‘I thought the stroll to the town might be pleasant Vrash. It’s not far, and the weather’s perfect.’
They continued to walk from the port into the settlement. Trees planted at the side of the road left room for an increase in traffic but gave little shade against the increasing strength of the morning sun. It was early, but the few people they met on the way greeted Doella with great affection, happy to see her and Hath and to meet her son.  They knew of him, but instead of being reassured, it made him uneasy.
‘It’s hard to keep secrets here,’ Doella told him. ‘At present, we are one big happy family, but as our numbers grow we’ll move apart, that’s the nature of things… but for now I rejoice in our “family”.’
The town had taken shape - the simple box style structures, built for speed, replaced by a pleasing blend of Hyclos and the more elaborate Varan styles. The gardens too were well established. The Varan were keen gardeners, and the Hyclos followed their lead.
The immediate family waited for them at Doella’s home. In order not to overwhelm Vrash, only Rucella of her many children was present, with her husband Row, and Donas, her hominid son by Carnos. To Doella’s surprise, Wylane was there. Hath surmised Doella might have sent the Black Ship for him, but he could not sense Dolar’s whereabouts and felt disappointment.
Everyone stopped talking as they entered the house, and Wylane came forward as if to claim Doella.
Vrash could not comprehend this, and he mind called Hath. I thought you said Wylar was dead.
He is. This is Wylane.
Vrash was overwhelmed with their welcomes as they introduced themselves.
Doella left them together while she and Rucella organised refreshments. Wylane soon followed them into the kitchen.
‘I don’t think he likes me, Doella. Does he realise I’m your son? He’s suspicious and wonders about our relationship. I sense a great deal of confusion in his feelings for you. He is more a dragon son than a Varan or Hyclos.’
‘I can manage, mother,’ said Rucella, ‘Wylane wants to talk to you alone.’ She smiled and shooed them into another room.
‘Yes, Wylane, you’re right, he is nothing like my other hominid sons. You sense the dragon in him, can’t you? It’s a strong signature.’
‘Yes, I can. I have missed you.’ Wylane kissed Doella and moved her towards the bedroom.
Vrash noticed them go into the bedroom together, and he knew why. Hath asked patient Sark for help and in response, he came over and sat next to Vrash to speak to the boy. Vrash tried to listen, but his mind was in turmoil and he couldn’t concentrate on what Sark said.
It was late when everyone went. But Vrash saw Sark, Carnos, Wylane and Haris stayed until last. Doella kissed each of them, and then she took hold of Carnos’ arm, while the other three left. It seemed an amicable arrangement, thought Vrash, and Hath heard his reasoning.
‘Are you tired,’ he asked after they had said their goodbyes to the others and walking to Hath’s home.
‘No, on the contrary, my mind is working overtime, I’ll never be able to sleep, and I can’t stop thinking about everything I’ve seen. Can we talk?’

They reached Hath’s house, which looked similar to his sisters.
‘I’ll get fruit wine while you relax. We’ll sit outside,’ Hath motioned toward a stone pergola, ‘the weather’s pleasant, and I gaze at the stars on a clear night.’ Vrash did as his uncle suggested. Hath reappeared with a tray. He sat next to his nephew and handed him a glass of wine. ‘Hungry?’ he asked.
Vrash shook his head.
Neither of them spoke at first but sipped their drinks.

Vrash broke the silence. ‘So my mother’s husbands are Sark, Carnos, Haris and Wylane, and Wylane is also her son.’ There was another long silence, as both of them considered what Vrash said. Vrash waited for Hath to confirm his summary, but his uncle didn’t reply. ‘I thought there were more of them,’ he continued, ‘you didn’t want to tell me about Wylane because you understood I’d be upset. And I’d expect the same arrangement from mother - from Doella.’ He corrected himself as if it might change his position. Hath still didn’t comment, so Vrash continued. ‘Core and Parsos are family members, but she doesn’t sleep with them?’

Hath answered, and he did so truthfully. ‘No, but she wants Core and is forgiving Parsos. He’s shown no interest in taking a wife, and he loves her.’
‘Why does he need her forgiveness?’
‘He humiliated her a long while ago before she became powerful. Not his fault, he was insane, and she cured him, but the memory of what he did to her still lingers. He is attentive and always helps her. I see his eyes following her. I know she refused to take him to bed when he asked her. One day she will, when she can forgive him. As for Core, he wants her but refuses to sleep with her. As a Karish, he’s used to controlling his emotions.’
‘Yes, I remember the data.’
‘Doella thinks he is frightened to let go. He is our official leader, our elder. She has no interest in managing Astras, her duties lie elsewhere. We recognise Row and Rucella as the chief administrators, but they are young and Core is wise and helps us more than most people realise. Core imagines he’ll lose something of himself if he gives in to her, but we believe he’d benefit from a family. I find it strange, but Doella doesn’t. She says he’ll reveal too much to her if he lets go of his feelings. She is convinced one day when he considers he’s suffered enough for whatever crimes he may have committed, he’ll come to her.’
‘Doella confides in you a great deal.’
‘Yes, she always has, and I confide in her too. There are many of Doella’s children for you to meet. Doella says it’s wise for you to do it gradually.’
Vrash changed the subject. ‘My father believes her to be a goddess.’
‘In a way, she is. She’d deny it, as it should be. But even to the Varan who are an advanced technological race, Doella’s capabilities are terrifying. We don’t have gods anymore, but we can’t explain her powers.’

Chapter 4
They stayed on Astras for several weeks. Vrash’s many relations welcomed him into the heart of their large boisterous family, but he and Wylane avoided each other until one day they were forced to speak. Wylane had spent the night with Doella, and they met each other as Vrash waited to see his mother.
‘I believe you are leaving soon, Vrash,’ said Wylane, with a threatening hiss in his voice, ‘I thought you might visit your many dragon siblings on Wylar,’
Visiting Wylar was under discussion and now Vrash decided. ‘Yes, we will go there.’
‘Good, I’ll come with you and persuade Doella to stay for a while.’
Vrash was sad when it was time to leave Astras. He’d miss his new family and friends. It was a cheerful place, and the visit helped him learn more of himself and his mother.
Doella took the small ship to Wylar. It was the main dragon planet. The house Wylar built for Doella still existed, although there had been additions to it. Doella had her old room and Wylane his fathers. Parella came to greet her “mother” and her strange son Vrash, and so did the other dragons living on Wylar. As was the custom, they were in their hominid forms. Doella took hold of Vrash’s arm, while Hath and Wylane followed.
Vrash was not as intimidated as he expected. These siblings were not as hostile as Wylane. The dragons waited in line to be introduced to their brother. Their manners were more formal than those of the easy-going Astrans. Parella escorted them to their rooms. She informed Hath Dolar was due to arrive - she was off-world at present, visiting a colony.
‘She missed you, Hath,’ said Parella, Dolar’s mother. She turned to Vrash and told him she’d find someone to show him around, for Hath would be busy when Dolar returned, and she needed to talk to Doella.
Caelene and Kroush took Vrash on a walking tour of the house and the local landscape. He saw Wylar’s cairn in the adjacent valley.
‘That’s father’s grave,’ said Caelene. ‘Mother rarely comes here. It makes her sad and her eyes water, so she stays away.’
‘She must have loved your father,’ said Vrash.
‘Yes, they adored each other. We miss him,’ said Kroush.
‘Was he your father? I understand your customs are different from mine.’
Caelene answered. ‘I am a daughter of Doella and Wylar,’ she said, ‘Kroush is a son of one of Doella’s daughters and a son. Our relationships are complicated and different from the Astrans. We call Doella mother and Wylar father - they are the mother and father of all of us, of our race.’
‘Yes, I understand Caelene.’
In the past few weeks, Vrash changed. He was stronger as if the knowledge he was gaining altered him. He knew more of his mother, from his siblings than her lovers. Doella’s children loved her, but none of her Astran sons felt as he did, but it was usually here on Wylar. Caelene told him how dragons mated, and how as a dragon his mother had joined with her male offspring. But as a hominid only with Wylane.

Vrash asked, ‘Kroush if she wanted you as a hominid, would you want her?’
Kroush smiled his dragon smile. ‘Yes, we wish her lovemaking. She is both beautiful and knowledgeable.’ His grin faded. ‘She’d not do so, because Wylane will fight us. He will challenge you.’ He smirked again as if he looked forward to it.
For the first time, Vrash felt peaceful and wiser. Understanding who and what Doella was made him understand himself better. It was as if in coming to Wylar he had come home. He loved Coath, and Ark and his family on Astras, but here he was with beings like himself.
Caelene and Kroush sensed his reasoning and his emotions. Kroush said. ‘Welcome, brother.’ Vrash tried harder to conceal his feelings. ‘You can’t keep your thoughts from us, at least not yet. No Varan or Hyclos can, except for Doella,’ Kroush explained.
 ‘We should return to the house,’ suggested Caelene, ‘it will soon be time for our evening gathering.’
The long table was extended, so everybody had a place. Few dragons ate hominid food, although they learned to enjoy wine. This sitting to an evening “meal” was a Varan tradition.
Vrash sat next to Hath, who introduced him to Dolar. His first idea was he supposed she was beautiful and remembered everyone here except Hath could hear his most secret thoughts.
‘Please don’t worry, Vrash,’ said Dolar, laughing at him, ‘it’s difficult to offend a dragon. Thank you for the - I suppose she is beautiful,’ and she laughed again. ‘But how do you cope with not keeping your speculations to yourself? Even Hath can keep his mind emptier than you.’
‘I’m trying hard, but it slips out. On Ark, we communicate with each other mentally but it's a conscious effort, not an unconscious one. I’m glad no-one here takes offence.’
‘Unless you threaten them,’ said Hath, joining in the conversation. ‘Then watch out! Once a dragon’s temper is roused, it’s terrible.’

Doella emerged from her room, followed by Wylane. They sat on either side of Parella, who, at Doella’s insistence, sat at the head of the table. Doella said she was only a visitor but none of her children agreed. To them, she was “mother”.
Vrash couldn’t conceal a flash of jealousy as he watched his mother and Wylane together. Wylane sensed it and looked at him with a glance, which made Vrash shiver. Wylane considered Vrash a potential rival for Doella… but he wasn’t a dragon - was he?
Doella saw and heard their thoughts. She wondered why Wylane was so upset with Vrash. his identity was like theirs. Why? His father wasn’t dragon either, although again there was a similarity there, her deep self told her.
What are you thinking, Doella? asked Wylane.
I find it odd you are jealous of Vrash. He’s not a dragon, even though I admit his signature is similar.
He may not be a dragon on the surface, but his signature is, and that makes him one of us. Your other family do not matter to me, but HE does. Wylane’s sardonic humour usually made him equable, but he was upset. Doella reached for his hand and he buried his anger and smiled at her. But when he looked at Vrash, his smile changed. Vrash felt as if he was looking over the edge of a precipice into icy oblivion.
Wylane and Vrash spent the rest of the visit assessing each other, while Doella continued to wonder about the mystery of her son’s signature. She mused over this as she took a solitary walk one evening. The sun was setting, and she realised she was on a hill by Wylar’s grave. She avoided going anywhere near it, but she felt drawn, so she walked to the mound and put her hand out and touched it. As always, tears pricked her eyes. It was a long time since his death, and although she had her large family and many friends, she still missed him.
‘Wylar, I miss you,’ she said aloud, ‘I’m worried Vrash and Wylane are going to clash. What I can do to prevent it.’ She sensed someone behind and turned. For a flash, she imagined it was her dead husband, but it was Wylane. ‘Wylane, you startled me…’
‘I heard you, Doella, I will not hurt Vrash.’
‘Thank you, Wylane, but I’m afraid. Vrash wasn’t born with your dragon wisdom. He is young and impetuous, and has much to learn.’ She smiled, ‘I don’t understand what he will be. Perhaps he’ll hurt you!’
‘I find his obsession for you puzzling, he is a hominid son. As yet he doesn’t know his father, he is the one with the answers.’ Doella let Wylane pull her close to offer comfort.
‘I’ve not seen him for a while, which is strange.’
‘He’s watching for his offspring to learn wisdom. When will you tell Vrash the truth?’
‘I’ve been waiting for the elder Vrash to permit me. Wylane, it’s getting late. Walk home with me? But first I wish to watch the sun go down over your father’s grave.’
They walked back up the slope and sat. The shining orb sank, and the different light changed the colour and fashion of the landscape. Doella saw a shadowy shape move from the cairn, but she told herself it was a trick of the light. Wylane said nothing.
Hath and Vrash were due to leave the next day. Doella would take them to the part of space where she found them, and check the wild dragon had gone. She’d return and visit the other colonies with Wylane and Dolar. Hath and Dolar were inseparable as always, and Dolar wished to go with the two men on their journey, but Doella refused, knowing they had to go alone.
Before they left, Hath asked Dolar to marry him. Surprisingly, she agreed.
That night, while Wylane slept holding her in his arms, the elder Vrash came for Doella. They were on the strange flower-filled planet, walking toward the dreamlike ever-changing home.
‘Tell me, Doella,’ he inquired. ‘Why do I perceive you are unhappy?’
‘Our son, Vrash, wants to bed me. I find it abhorrent, and yet I discern his signature is dragon, like mine, and this confuses me.’
‘It’s similar to yours and mine. It may have something to do with the Feye crystal.’
‘But our boy doesn’t have one.’ Doella was convinced there was more to it, and she sensed Vrash agreed with her, but they did not understand how to explore their suspicions. ‘Vrash, we know there’s always a reason for whatever happens to me,’ she said, remembering Wylar.
‘You loved him very much, Doella, more than any of the others…’
‘Yes, I did.’
‘Wylane has replaced him in body but not in spirit.’
‘Vrash, this evening at his cairn, I saw something. It looked as though a shadow moved away from it as the sun vanished.’
‘What are you hoping for, Doella?’
‘If I can’t have his touch, I want his voice comforting me in the night. You suggested we come back and become someone else…’
‘Eventually.’ Vrash nodded, sad she was so obsessed with reclaiming Wylar.
She read his mind. ‘Is it possible he may return as something else, not a dragon?’
‘He could be anything,’ he declared. ‘I only grasp the truth of what happens after we leave this life, but to understand fully…’
‘Don’t say it,’ Doella interrupted.
‘Doella, although you won’t admit it, you believe Vrash may be a reincarnation of Wylar.’
‘It might explain the madness on both our parts. Tell me, I sense you know more than you tell me…’
‘No Doella, it’s your mind deceiving you, not I. It’s not for us to know, and I won’t ask that question of the others.’

She agreed she was imagining things not there. But how to identify Wylar if he came back? She tried to shrug off her emotions and asked Vrash, ‘Tell me why my son has these feelings for me, his own mother?’
‘You understand as much as I do. You have forgotten, or will not, look deep inside yourself for the answers, in case they disappoint you. I can say, you and Vrash will have two children, as powerful as their parents, without the help of Feye crystals. They will be the culmination of what my race planned over these long ages. One a force for good, while jealousy corrupts the other. A balance will be achieved.’
‘And I don’t sleep with Vrash until after he finds his blue crystal,’ she mused, trying to believe she’d feel less guilty.
‘Doella, you will gain wisdom, as yet you are young, like Vrash. You have much to learn.
Your mind holds more, even if there’s a reason you can’t find it. You have many friends to offer their advice.’

They reached the door of the house. ‘Doella, my love, no more talk, my corporeal time is more and more precious, and I want to touch you.’
‘Vrash, don’t say you are going to leave me too?’
‘I should go now. I only stay so I might love you, but shortly I will have to answer to those who press me to follow them into the next existence.’
‘Oh no, not you too? I can’t bear to lose another. When can I tell your child the truth?’
‘Soon. He has to learn to control his feelings. He is going to hate you. His want will overshadow aspects of his development, and the more you refuse him, the angrier he becomes. You’ll realise when to let him love you, and he’ll no longer be your child. Come Doella, we are wasting time.’
She woke up still in Wylane’s arms as if her life with Vrash had been a dream, although it had been real.
She got up early and, leaving Parella and Wylane discussing the mundane matter of moving herds from one planet to another went for a lonely walk. She headed for the woodland in the valley behind the house as she regularly did. In the wood lay a shallow stream with a rocky bottom where she often bathed. The sun was warm and the water fresh and cool. Doella loved the touch of water on her skin, and the chill temperature of the current was invigorating. Slipping off her gown, she stepped down the steep slippery bank into the flow, and sank into the shallow water, before climbing onto a large flat rock where she dried off in the sun. Doella closed her eyes and listened to the gentle sound of the droning insects and small birds that inhabited the riverbank. She saw a shadow and opened her eyes; it was Vrash. She didn’t move as he knelt and kissed her, fondling her breast as he did so. He ran his hand over her body and she almost responded before pushing him away.
‘No, Vrash,’ she whispered, ashamed she had let it go so far.
‘Mother, Doella, please! I’m on fire. No one else makes me like this. I am so jealous, even of my father and worse of Wylane. If him, why not me?’
She jumped up and was back in her gown. ‘I’m sorry,’ she said, close to tears, ‘I’m sorry, I can’t.’
He didn’t follow as she ran to the house. He sat on the rock staring at the stream and hating what he was… although at this point he hated his mother even more.
Hath waited for her, ‘Doella, what’s happened?’
Nothing!
Vrash came and went to his room. The look on his face told Hath something was amiss. Hath looked at his sister again.
‘He’ll get over it,’ she said.
‘Doella, do you want him?’
‘I can’t Hath.’ Not yet.

Chapter 5
Doella took them to the co-ordinates where they met the dragon. Both she and Vrash tried to forget what happened and, superficially at least, they were back to normal.
Hath reminded her to ask Sark and Carnos, he and Dolar wanted to create a family. Doella smiled, nodded, and then turned to say goodbye to her son. All she got was a scowl.
‘Remember, if you get into difficulties, call me.’ Then she disappeared.

They did not begin their journey straight away but contemplated their next destination. This area was well documented there were many choices. To make things harder, Vrash lost his early enthusiasm, and Hath grew frustrated with him.
‘Come on, Vrash, help me with this. What is the matter with you? You’ve been unapproachable lately. Tell me what’s amiss. It always helps to talk.’
‘You understand what’s wrong. It’s Doella. You think I’m crazy for being this way, don’t you?’
Hath told him something he and Doella concealed. ‘When we were young, our parents kept us apart for a while. We didn’t know why at the time, but we were too close and they worried. I love my sister, but we are friends, nothing more. Doella’s life is strange, and she isn’t a Varan anymore. So wait and see, and in the meantime, we should enjoy our life together. Bury your feelings. I appreciate this is hard. It happened to me for a brief moment, but once I realised, I seized control. Later, we were encouraged to resume our sibling relationship, and we did. Let’s go interlamina, head for Varan, and then be so bored you’ll beg to return here. Work your frustration out in the gym. Physical exercise can help. I’ll set the ship on course and then join you. Who knows, maybe this time I’ll beat you.’ The thought of Hath beating him made Vrash smile.
After a few weeks in interlamina, Vrash recovered his good spirits. As Hath foretold, he was eager to leave the greyness and find a planet to explore. They emerged into normal space and scanned the area. It was thinly populated, and the spheres gave odd, contradictory readings.
‘It’s interesting, Vrash. These planets all read as post-tech, but are now, very pre-tech. I wonder what happened. Look at this one. It might be worth a visit, but it’s covered with thick clouds keeping the sun out. Yet the surface isn’t as cold as it should be. It’s sparsely populated, but there are also readings of higher density, so there must be towns of a reasonable size.’
‘Thick forest though.’
‘Yes, but being post-tech, it interests me. Strange there are so many similar planets in the system, but this looks the most interesting. What do you think?’
‘I am fed up of being cooped up here.’
‘So am I. We’ll land instead of leaving the ship in orbit. Your mother will be impressed if we make a good report.’ He’d made a mistake mentioning Doella, for Vrash scowled, and he added. ‘I’ll take it down now. On second thoughts, why don’t you pilot? You’ve not tried a landing.’
Accompanied by a few brave friends, Zyl went to The Cael to ask for her wisdom. She was the oldest female, so ancient she rarely moved from her solitary lair on a planet, which was the first dragon world. No one else lived there, and she fed infrequently, spending most of her life asleep in her cave. Zyl was apprehensive. The Cael might be old, but she had a vicious temper and could inflict serious wounds… and she didn’t like to be woken.
They landed near the entrance to her lair and waited. It was several days before she awoke, and Zyl sat outside with the others, not moving until she called to him. He entered with his head and tail close to the ground in a posture of submission. He remained in the same subservient position until The Cael spoke.

She studied him for a long time before speaking. So, the young dragons have the sense to seek my advice at last. Zyl raised his head. I think you have come too late. Our race is all but wiped out, and there will be no more young ones. Unless of course, you join with the impure ones of Doella’s making. She hissed out her name like a foul taste, but her eyes told a different story. Well, Zyl, what do you want to ask me?
We must see Doella humiliated and destroyed great Cael, but how can we withstand her power?
She laughed in his mind. What would that achieve? Our sole hope for survival lies with Doella’s offspring. It is only our females who are infertile, you males can still create young.
Never!
Never? It may be your only hope, but as always, none listens to my wisdom. So you want Doella destroyed. Even if you could, it’d only result in your demise. She is much loved by her family, and they’d hunt us throughout eternity to eradicate who are left. Besides, you can’t kill her, her creators can’t. But I can offer you an alternative. It will only be temporary, she’ll escape, but if her humiliation satisfies you… She paused, and Zyl imagined she was laughing at him, but she didn’t allow him to read her thoughts. Then she chastised him. So you still want to destroy Doella and her kin. You fool… are you determined to die? She sighed, and the ground shook beneath her. Very well, but know the blue crystals she carries are the greatest force in creation, and their origins are unknown. But, there is a planet (she showed him the co-ordinates) on which are ancient trees made of a rare crystal. The woods cover most of the planet’s surface, and the effect of their joint power will prevent Doella from escaping until she learns how to overcome them. Even now, Zyl, she is using only a minute fraction of her full potential. As a young dragon, she possesses the memories but has not yet needed to access them. The Cael’s words became cryptic. You may try to humiliate her but beware. She is a female whose sexuality is her greatest skill, and the weapon she must learn to control. For if she gives in to all her desires, they’ll consume her. Can you do this, Zyl? Are you sure she won’t be the one who humiliates you? She went back to sleep.
The audience over, Zyl crept out to where the others waited for him.
Doella spent time on Wylar and the other colonies before visiting Coath and then returning to Astras, always keeping a secret eye on Vrash and Hath. Carnos and Sark tried to find a way for Dolar to produce a child by Hath. As they made progress, she went to visit Dolar and tell her. When she arrived at the house, Parella came hurrying to her room.
‘Mother, we are contacted by a wild dragon named Zyl. He wishes to see you to discuss the offer you made him.’
It surprised Doella. ‘As I told you, I offered them a home with us.’
‘I remember.’
‘Knowing our wild cousins, I didn’t expect a reply. Where does he want to meet?’
Parella gave her the coordinates. ‘It’s a long way off, and he insists you go there alone.’
‘If he contacts you again, tell him I agree.’
‘Yes, mother.’
Zyl contacted Parella a few days later.
Zyl constructed his trap on the planet The Cael had shown him. The planet’s beauty did not appeal to dragon eyes. In the day, the slow-growing crystal trees illuminated the surface with a blaze of multi-coloured lights, while at night the three moons gave the woods a softer, more muted glow. A continuous gentle breeze made the crystal leaves flutter with a chime of musical notes.
Beneath an ancient tree, he constructed a pavilion and furnished it to prepare for Doella’s imprisonment. He remembered The Cael’s warning about Doella turning the tables on him and imprisoning him instead, and he experienced a perverse thrill at the thought of it. She will soon be at his mercy - if he could destroy her too it would make his revenge even sweeter.
Then he left to await Doella at the coordinates he’d given Parella. It was an ugly dragon world with cruel driving rain and Doella hated it, as she did all the Wild One’s worlds.
She arrived, and as expected, she looked around with distaste. Zyl was in his dragon form, and he bowed his head to her as if she were The Cael. I’m sorry my choice of meeting place is not to your liking. There is another world close, which might be more attractive to you. He kept his mind clear and offered her the crystal planet.

Confident in her capabilities, Doella didn’t imagine she was in any danger, and she took his words and the images he gave her at face value. He showed her the planet’s beauty, the trees sparkling in the sun. She agreed to go with him, suggesting if he took hominid form, she could transport them both there in an instant. Doella fell to the ground as soon as they arrived. She sensed a great rush as if her powers were sucked out and absorbed by the woods. Doella couldn’t move and had trouble getting her breath. She realised Zyl tricked her - she had become too complacent as to the extent of her powers. Amazed by the speed of her power loss, he laughed aloud and picked her up to take her to the prison he made for her.
‘What are you doing, Zyl? This is foolish. If my family hears nothing from me, they’ll come looking, and find me.’
‘Not for a while. Because you travel outside time and space, you left no signature they can follow.’ He sounded smug and pleased with himself.
‘It was clever of you, Zyl. I was unwise to forget how cunning the Wild Ones can be. What can you achieve by your actions, except your death?’
Doella sensed her strength returning, and her breathing became easier. He had laid her on a bed under a mesh of crystal branches broken off the trees and woven haphazardly into a dome-shaped cell. He looked at her in a way she recognised, and he watched her breasts move beneath the thin Varan robe. He undid the tie holding the dress together. Doella kept her thoughts to herself, but she understood (as The Cael predicted) she’d be the winner of this contest. She sensed Zyl was confused as to what he wanted and fighting his desires. Doella did nothing to discourage him. The battle was short, for the girl on the primitive planet gave him a taste for desire. This woman was not merely flesh and blood, but the very beauty of creation, like stars and swathes of gaseous nebulas, their colours bright and soft. This was Doella, and he was overwhelmed. She didn’t pretend to fight, but smiled and arched her body to his, as she penetrated his mind. He had no choice left. He did as she wanted, and he entered her, and she gave him all the pleasure she could without destroying him.

Zyl slept. Doella was the first to wake, and she gently moved his arm away. She was stronger and got off the bed. She sensed the musical vibrations from the crystal trees, and she copied their signature to overcome their effects. The notes were subtle, and it’d take time for her to hear and simulate them, but she’d soon recover. So much for being indestructible. She was trapped here, if only for a short while. It was a pleasant place, and Zyl was a captive audience. She might get him on her side, and through him, the other Wild Ones.
Doella sensed water nearby and leaving Zyl to his dreams moved in search of it. She drank and bathed in the bright stream and then, allowing the sunlight to dry her, she waited for him. He followed her and tried to dismiss The Cael’s words as he gazed at her fair form, but it was too late, and he wanted her again.
‘So Zyl, you intend to keep me here, but to what end? My family will find me.’
‘You travel in no-time and leave no signature for them to follow.’
‘What’s this for, Zyl? I’m prepared to talk to you. How will this help?’
‘I craved to humiliate you,’ he admitted, ‘I sensed your disgust of me at the temple and wanted revenge.’
‘I thought so. I wasn’t disgusted because you are a dragon - how could I be? But at the way you used that poor girl. I meant it when I offered you Wild Ones a home with my children. As for my humiliation, I’m not Zyl. Why should I? I am a dragon too, so why should I be humiliated taking an attractive male between my legs? I may not love you, but I enjoyed what you did to me.’ Doella chose her words carefully to confuse him. Zyl knew she told the truth. ‘So am I embarrassed by getting pleasure with you, Zyl?’
‘No,’ he admitted.
‘You are a fool, Zyl,’ she said, but in a soft voice. ‘Let’s ask your people to join us and start a new life. There is plenty of hominid and dragon sex for you.’
‘Why should I let you go?’ he interrupted and touched her body with his big, hot hand. He’d learned from her. Doella lay back, smiling. She might as well enjoy herself while she recovered from the effects of the crystal trees.
Zyl knew he had lost, not won, but it didn’t matter anymore. He realised he’d made a fatal mistake by believing she was a Varan first and a dragon second. It was as The Cael had predicted - he was her prisoner. Doella understood this and decided to stay with Zyl until he and his people agreed to join them. But Wylane and his jealousy? Ah well, she thought, we will solve that problem when he gets here.

Chapter 6
As they walked to the nearest town, Vrash and Hath felt the forest itself had eyes and watched them. There were predators here, great cats, and their colour camouflaged them in the gloom to make them invisible. Their primary prey was a large horned pig. To add to the thrill of the wild, their bubbles functioned erratically, and their enhancements malfunctioned. They should’ve returned to the ship, but they agreed reality made the trip more exciting, using their strength and cunning to survive. Besides, Doella would come if they needed her.
‘You Varan don’t understand what danger is, cocooned in your safe comfortable bubbles. On Ark, we had to fight to keep what was ours,’ Vrash remembered Coath and smiled.
‘I can’t understand why the ship didn’t warn us. I should go back and find out why?’ Hath was concerned.
‘Probably the thick cloud layer. You said it hindered your scans.’
‘It was until I compensated.’
‘We’ve been walking for a while. It’s a waste of time to travel back. Besides, uncle, you said you enjoyed the uncertainty.’
‘We’ll carry on Vrash, Doella will come for us if we get into danger.’
A little further on two cats attacked. Vrash killed the first one with his sword and Hath turned to face its angry mate. He felt sad as his blade pierced the male’s heart. Varan didn’t like to kill, even in self-defence, and were rarely required to do so. Vrash was used to hunting, and he regretted the waste of having to slay something so beautiful… but they’d brought him up to survive.
A little further, they emerged from the thick forest onto an overgrown path and walked along it until they arrived at the town. The path became clearer as they reached the pastoral outskirts where crops grew and goat-sized bovines grazed, enclosed in rough corrals.

The city looked old as if the original had been rebuilt repeatedly, using stones from earlier times. Inside, it was crowded and close. Vrash and Hath were tall in comparison with the dark-skinned and dark-haired citizens. Hath’s fair hair caused a sensation; everyone kept staring and tried to touch it. Many women were selling themselves for money and most of them attractive. Vrash and Hath couldn’t resist a smile as they communicated with each other. They were perfectly proportioned, tiny, and brown-skinned, with strong white teeth. Their bodies perfumed. In their flimsy clothes, it wasn’t hard to attract customers. Before long, they were ensconced with two enterprising beauties in a clean and ornate inn.
The men learned the language, replicated coins, and treated the women well. After a week of sybaritic living, they felt restless and decided to move to another city before returning to the ship. The two girls wept when informed their meal tickets were leaving, but soon dried their tears when they received large purses of money.
The nearest town was another week away on foot. Caravans travelled between them, but they didn’t want to wait for the next one, due in a few months. Besides, the walk refreshed them after the closeness of the city, and the town’s many diversions had cloyed. The innkeeper warned them it wasn’t safe for unescorted men to travel on the empty roads, even if armed. He shook his head, saying they were foolish, and there was more to fear than predatory cats. He refused to elaborate and said something strange dwelt in the forest, and crazy men such as themselves seldom returned.

After two days, the road narrowed into a track. The weather was hot, even though the sun didn’t penetrate the cloud layer often. It was silent too, although they sensed they were being watched.
‘It’s not a well-trodden route, is it Hath?’
‘No,’ agreed his uncle, ‘I’m thinking the innkeeper was right. We should’ve waited for the next caravan. I miss my bubble too. The undergrowth is so thick we’ll have trouble finding a clearing to camp in, and it’s damp at night. We must have a fire with these big cats around.’
‘It’s not a pleasant journey, and I miss the bubbles too. Why can’t you get the ship to come? Something is affecting our communications but we don’t know what. We’ll be in more trouble if our replicator packs up as it threatens to.’ Vrash was no longer enjoying the walk.
‘You’re right. Last night I asked for bread with my vegetable stew and I got half a sweet biscuit instead. Maybe we should go back to the ship. What do you think, Vrash?’
‘We’ve walked for two days, the next town is only another three days away.’
‘I’ll tell you what, if we don’t cross a river or stream before midday, we’ll turn back.’ Vrash nodded his agreement.
As if on cue, later that morning they came upon a fast-running river. They looked at each other and smiled.
‘That was a scientific way to decide, Hath. So we’ll carry on. The river’s swollen. There must have been hard rain upstream because we’ve seen little here. We have no enhancers - how reliable a swimmer are you?’
‘As good as my sister and she can swim like a fish. You?’
‘A little. I used to swim in the river, but not in flood,’ Hath was surprised at his nervousness.
They dried as they walked on and found a small clearing and enough wood to keep the fire burning. They ate from the replicator, disguised as a worn leather bag. Hath took first watch.
He walked around to stop falling asleep. As usual, he felt they were watched and cursed the lack of a working enhancer. Then he heard a rustling sound as if people came through the trees in their direction. He kicked Vrash with his foot.
‘Quick, wake up, we have visitors, lots of them.’ He mind-called Doella, but there was no answer.

There was no time to wonder why. Both men had their weapons ready. They stayed back-to-back a few yards from the fire. Several armed men came creeping into the clearing, swords drawn. Two attacked, but Vrash and Hath disarmed them. Four more armed men came, but Hath and Vrash’s superior height and strength, and their constant training, made defeating the smaller men easy. They stayed back-to-back and fended off the inaccurate swings of inferior weapons. The small men backed away.
Hath shouted, ‘We mean you no harm, put your weapons away. Why are you fighting us? We are just strangers walking to a town. Are we worth dying for? We have little money and nothing of value. Next time you attack, we’ll kill you, we have no choice.’ The aggressors looked unsure, worried, these large men were good fighters. ‘We don’t want to kill you,’ Hath repeated, ‘put your swords aside.’
‘Do as he says,’ said one of the injured.
They obeyed him and Hath and Vrash sheathed their swords. Both parties stared at each other, assessing their opponents. The forest dwellers dressed in homemade, but well-finished skin pants and jerkins. Their long black hair clean and plaited.
‘I am called Hath, and my friend is Vrash. Who are you?’
‘I am Cranoth,’ said the man who spoke first, he appeared to be their leader. ‘We rarely see strangers here, and never men such as you. We trade with the caravans, but they don’t travel at this time of year. The rivers are too full after the rains. We are protecting our borders.’
‘Do you live close by?’ asked Vrash. Cranoth didn’t answer. ‘We are not a threat, just travelling.’
‘No one walks this road without good reason, and you are not of our kind, your skin is too pale… and you,’ he pointed to Hath, ‘your hair is bright.’
‘As I told you, we are travellers and we sell our sword skills for food and shelter. We do not steal or kill unless forced.’ Vrash answered for them.

Cranoth looked relieved but sly, and he relaxed. ‘I believe you. Well, travellers, come to our village so we can watch you, and we may have use for your swords.’
‘Agreed,’ said Hath. He tried to mind-call Doella in case it was a trap. Still no response… where was she? Hath worried and Vrash felt it.
I’ll try too, he said, nothing - where is she, Hath?
I don’t know, she’s always answered me before.
You’re troubled.
Doella is indestructible, at least that’s what we believe. But yes, I am concerned.
Parella and Wylane knew something had happened to Doella. They received no communication from her in days, so they flew to the original co-ordinates Zyl gave them. As Zyl planned, there was no trail to follow. Wylane screamed out his frustration.
Dolar worried too. It was unlike Doella not to keep in contact. We’ll find her. I’ve called for our kin to come and help us. They’ll be here soon.
Yes, we will locate her, but I must be the one to kill Zyl for taking my wife.
Dolar knew to Wylane she was a wife - her others of little consequence. But Zyl was a dragon, and Wylane concerned his rival might be susceptible to Doella’s charms. As Doella tried to save the Wild Ones from destruction, she’d do everything in her power to assuage her conscience. But how had he taken her? Where was she? Wylane screamed again.
Thousands of Doella’s dragonkin from the colonies set off to locate her, moving in a logical pattern outward from the homeworld. They’d not rest until they found mother, no matter how long it took. Dolar went with Wylane. He was determined to find Zyl, to challenge his rival to battle, and then eat him.
Doella knew she could leave the planet, but didn’t tell Zyl her powers returned. Her crystals’ resonance found the pattern to overcome the trees’ pull on her power. She’d stay, use her charms on Zyl, and try to get him to convince the other Wild Ones they’d have a better life with her children.
She continued to mesmerise Zyl with her passion, until his original excuse for this, her humiliation, was forgotten. He couldn’t keep her out of his mind as they made love. Doella saw his audience with The Cael and wondered if she knew what’d happen. To bring the Wild Ones to them was the only logical way they’d survive. It was interesting the Cael told him he couldn’t destroy her. She felt sorry for him and the other Wild Ones, their demise was her fault. When she’d destroyed the eggs, she must have passed on the same virus to the females.
She was determined to preserve as many as she could. And save Zyl from Wylane. Sometimes she remembered the poor girl in the temple and grew angry, and wondered why she tried so hard to take care of them.

She left Zyl in his dragon form and wandered through the glittering forest. It was endless, and she wondered if it covered the entire sphere. Then she heard the beat of Zyl’s wings, and as he landed close by, he changed back into a hominid. ‘You can’t leave, Doella, the trees cover the world.’
‘I’ll escape, Zyl, it’s only a matter of time. Wylane will find and kill you. It’s a pointless plan to keep me prisoner. Why don’t you help me persuade others to join us? I’ll protect you from Wylane and locate you a colony planet on which to settle, and you can live real dragon lives again.’
‘Real dragon lives? No, we’d have to give up our old ways, and no one will.’
‘And you, Zyl, would you like to reproduce again and fly as a swarm?’
‘Swarm grazing herds we’ve cultivated ourselves? That is not our way! Come back to the pavilion, Doella.’
‘Zyl, please join us. Or I won’t stop Wylane!’ She threatened.
‘You know better than to threaten a dragon with death. Besides, I may kill him!’
Doella hadn’t considered that possibility, and in her mind, Zyl became the enemy again. ‘The others will come - you cannot defeat them.’
He grew angry, he knew he’d to lose either way. There was no urgency yet, Doella’s family were a long way away.
‘Doella, love me.’
She sensed pity for him and did as he asked.
Cranoth’s settlement was a lengthy, uphill walk, and they only reached it at daybreak after walking the night. Even in the dark, the inhabitants were able to find their way. Situated upstream, the village was on the bank of the stream they swam across earlier. The river was wider and shallower here. Large rounded boulders scattered its bed and around its edge, allowing collecting water and bathing easier and safer. Away from the water, the villagers cleared parts of the thick forest and built open huts fashioned from the stripped branches of the trees. It was a larger community than they’d expected, and although primitive, it was clean. There were no filthy piles of rubbish left rotting nearby, as in similar settlements. The women dressed in the same fashion as the men, and many nursed young children. Despite their remoteness, they appeared to be thriving.

They were taken to the communal kitchen and offered food. Cold meat cooked the night before, and raw vegetables, stringy and shrivelled, as was wild food in comparison with its farmed equivalent. As usual, Hath avoided meat and Vrash enjoyed it.
As they ate, Cranoth told them they’d been seen crossing the river by two hunters. One had gone back for help while the other tailed them. After they had eaten, Cranoth took them to a shelter where they could sleep, assuring them, they’d be safe. They took turns to keep watch. Hath had the first, and when he woke from his sleep it was just past midday. It was hot as usual, and the buzzing of annoying insects made sleeping difficult. He saw Vrash watching a beautiful girl carrying water in a rough pottery jar. She was tiny and in perfect proportion. Her brown skin smooth and her limbs rounded. She wore her hair loose, and her open jerkin revealed most of her young breasts. It entranced Vrash.
A beauty, said Hath.
Isn’t she? I saw her first.
Vrash, be careful, she isn’t one of the city girls. There are strict rules in these societies. They take good care of their women they are a valuable resource.
Vrash followed her. The girl went into the communal kitchen and poured the water into a bowl. Vrash moved to her but Cranoth intervened.
‘My daughter Tatura is betrothed, she hasn’t known a man, - can’t you see from her hair?’ Hair worn loose meant she was a virgin.
‘I’m sorry Cranoth, I only meant to talk to her,’ but Cranoth scowled, ‘I’ll keep away from her,’ Vrash added, ‘I didn’t mean to offend.’
Cranoth’s face cleared. ‘Thank you for understanding. She is to be married and I don’t want trouble, she is difficult. Beautiful women always are. Her mother was the same.’
Hath and Vrash bathed in the part of the river reserved for the men, there was no mixed bathing here. Hath was right, these people protected their women’s dignity. They dried themselves by lying on the large flat rocks as the sun tried to break through the thick clouds. They washed their clothes too and laid them out to dry. The material resembled rough cotton but was an advanced fabric, which resisted dirt and repelled water, even humidity.

A few older men bathed with them. Cranoth approached and told them the last meal was to be served soon, so they dressed and returned to the settlement.
The entire village gathered around the kitchen. The men ate first, then the nursing mothers and young toddlers, and finally the other women and older children.
As they ate, Cranoth poured them a beer drink stored in the preserved stomach of an animal. Without their enhancers, it made them drunk. Vrash looked at Tatura. 
She came over to offer them more food. She ignored Vrash but smiled at Hath, and when her father wasn’t watching, she touched his hair.
Vrash said with a laugh. Remember, she is unavailable.
A man can dream, can’t he? You’re thinking the same.
I saw her first.
Both men laughed in their minds, but their faces did not betray their actual emotions.

Chapter 7
The next day Cranoth and older hunters came to sit with them.
‘Over there,’ Cranoth pointed across the river, ‘is another clan, the Varoq. They are the sworn enemies of us, the Claase. We meet at this time of year. Six men from each tribe fight, the victors take weapons, women, children, and food from the losers. I won my bride that way and lost her too. That’s why Tatura can’t marry. If her future husband loses, she will go to the victor.’ He looked worried. ‘They work the prizes out before the tournament. One of the Varoq asked for her at the elders meeting. We too sought for what we want. Will you fight for us in place of Clast - the law allows it. I don’t wish to surrender my daughter and my wife. The first husband of my partner won her back soon after Tatura was born. I tried to get her back but was always beaten, and now am too old to compete. If I lose my daughter too…’
‘We understand,’ said Vrash, ‘I’ll fight for you.’
You are crazy, Hath said, Why are you doing this? You can’t have the girl yourself?
To be honest, I’ve gone off the idea. There is something sly about her.
Hath laughed, What you mean is she likes me more than you do.

Another of the hunters spoke to them. ‘I am Smauth. Will the other fighter fight for me? My wife has given birth to a fine, sturdy son, our first boy, and we are getting too old to have more children. The Varoq want him to bring him up as one of their warriors. I can still fight but realise they will use one of their best to get such a bright boy and I will lose.’
Unlike Vrash, who was used to fighting over land and property, Hath was reluctant - it was against his upbringing.
Hath, help him, he is talking of his only son, urged Vrash. It’s your adventure too.
I’ll do it as long as no killing is involved. Agreed?
Of course.
‘I will fight for you.’ said Hath.
‘We can offer shelter and foodstuff, and I have those metal discs the city people value. Please take those too,’ urged Cranoth.
‘No, we have little use for the discs,’ answered Hath, ‘food and shelter are enough.’
No women are being offered, said Vrash. He didn’t sound too disappointed. That’s unusual at this level of culture, isn’t it? I’ve studied Doella’s work. In many situations like this, they offer them for “comfort” to the warriors. I suggest after this we head back to the first city again. Aloud, he asked when the contest was scheduled.
‘In three days’, answered Cranoth.
‘Hath and I will practise our skills.’ In silence, Vrash added. With no women offered, the only way to keep sane is by practising fighting.
The three days passed slowly.
Without enhancers, their practice was harder than usual. Vrash was used to it and he pushed his uncle hard with a wicked expression on his face.
On the fourth day, the tribe left for the contest, leaving only the old, feeding mothers, and small children. Vrash and Hath followed Cranoth and his daughter. She was fascinated by Hath and kept turning around and smiling at him, and the looks she gave him were not those of an innocent child.
She likes you, Hath, said Vrash.
I’m not doing anything to reciprocate. It’s my hair. Hath sounded irritated.
They walked through thick foliage and crossed the river at a narrow chasm by jumping across. In the afternoon, they came to an unexpected site. It resembled a temple, and the jungle hadn’t swallowed it up because it was carefully tended. The encroaching plants and trees were cut back. To confirm this, the people set to clear anything growing close to two of the four walls. The other tribe arrived and did the same to the others. Both tribes worked until the evening, ignoring each other. When they were satisfied, they entered the temple through the doors in the low walls. These walls were still intact, but over time, their height was reduced by rain and in parts low enough to climb over. Although they were free from the creeping jungle, they were covered in moss. Inside was a large open area, and in the centre of this, four stocky pillars upheld a flat roof of solid stone, so well dressed it must have been made by machine. The roof must have weighed a good deal, and the structure was far beyond their present technology. It was impressive, plain and undecorated, but an engineering marvel.

Each tribe set up camp on opposite sides of the square. There was little difference between the two tribes appearance. Hath deduced these fights were a sensible way of maintaining a healthy genome, although the social cost was high. Neither tribe numbered more than fifty individuals, and many of these were children or adults past childbearing age. He wondered if other tribes were involved once.
Vrash picked up on his reasoning. You don’t believe they have a future, do you?
No - they need to range further for more mates, and the birth rate isn’t high enough to sustain their numbers. It’d be wiser for them to join and try to locate other tribes. This way of exchanging genes is only viable in the short term.
Now, who sounds like Doella?
We’ve learned from her work on her Earth. I wish my scanner worked. This place is old and they needed more than brute strength to construct the roof. The stone looks dense, it’s perfectly cut too - interesting, isn’t it?
The groups proceeded to ignore each other. Rations, prepared at the settlement were given out, first to the six warriors, and then to the others in the usual order. They spoke in whispers as if frightened the other tribe might overhear them. Tatura continued to look at Hath.
As it got dark, they lit fires using dry leaves and wood they brought with them and placed other materials collected close to the fire so they’d be drier when burnt. Everyone went to sleep early, except for the men chosen to keep watch.
After a light breakfast, the fighters stood before Cranoth outside the roofed area, where he performed a short meaningless ritual. Then he and his counterpart from the other tribe threw a notched, ceremonial stone into the centre of the structure. Whoever threw the rock nearest to a circular groove in the middle went first. Cranoth lost the throw, so the first challenge went to the other tribe.
A stocky man walked into the centre of the pavilion. Puffing out his chest, he bellowed his challenge. ‘I, Arg, challenge for Tatura, daughter of Varia, to be my mate.’
‘Vrash fights for Tatura in place of Clast, her betrothed,’ Cranoth shouted back.

Vrash stepped forward and Arg lost his confidence. He was a head taller and made professional swipes in the air with his blade. There was no way out for Arg. He licked his lips, and his eyes darted from side to side, looking to escape. He had expected an easy win against Clast, but this strong newcomer with the ornate sword looked a seasoned fighter. Arg regretted asking for the girl, no matter how beautiful she was. Her mother, Varia, was his father’s sister, and she wanted her first child back with her. Arg’s hand was wet with perspiration.
Arg’s fear made Hath wonder if these challenges were to the death. Vrash had killed in battle, but he could not - these people couldn’t waste men. To make sure, he whispered to Cranoth, ‘This is not to the death, is it?’
Cranoth observed the proceedings, and he replied without looking at him, ‘No, just defeat him. Our numbers grow smaller, and we can’t afford to lose any hunters.’

Vrash soon grew bored, his opponent circled without trying to fight. He toyed with him for a few minutes, and then Arg was downed by a few well-aimed strokes. For a horrible moment, Hath thought Vrash was going to finish the terrified fighter, but he overcame his momentary blood lust and instead held his weapon to the man’s throat. ‘Well, do you yield?’ he asked, his eyes cold.
Arg was too scared to speak, so he nodded. Vrash sheathed his sword and walked back to the others. If he thought his actions might impress Tatura, he was wrong. She gave him a quick smile and then looked over at Hath again.

The next challenge was bloodier. Two men fought over a baby girl. They had won her mother last year by Cranoth’s side while she was pregnant, and her first partner wanted his daughter back, but not her. The new husband moved well, but the natural father almost overcame his rival. It was an even match and took so long at the finish they couldn’t wield their primitive swords. Both were bleeding from several deep cuts, and when Cranoth’s man slipped and fell, it was over.
The woman wailed as her baby was taken from her arms, and given to the victor. This was a cruel world, Hath decided. Now it was his turn. At least the child of Smauth would stay with his family for this year. He sensed most enjoyed the spectacle, the more blood the better they liked it. Well, he’d disappoint them.
His opponent stepped forward to meet him. He was more confident than Vrashs, but after a few short parries, Hath tripped him and struck the sword from his hand. ‘Yield,’ he whispered.
The man nodded. Hath helped him up, and both returned to their respective sides.
Cranoth’s men won the next two rounds. Again, they were bloody affairs. In the last, the victor was badly injured, and they carried him to the women for care. He’d lost a lot of blood, and his life was in danger.
It was over. It was late afternoon since the fights, except Hath and Vrash, took a long time. Vrash saw Tatura arguing with Clast. He disliked her, he realised beauty was more than physical charms.
Hath came to him as drums started beating. There is to be a party. They hid a stockpile of beer skins in the stone hut we passed. Are you fed up of them too?
I am sick of the girl!
I haven’t encouraged her.
No Hath. Come on, let’s get drunk while our enhancers aren’t working. We’ll slip away early and go back to the original city, it’s closer to the ship.
The drink was stronger than the earlier beer, a woman sprinkled powder into the wood cups. Cranoth presented the first to the warriors. Thanks to the intervention of the two strangers, they’d done well this year. Then they heard a woman screaming; the last fighter had died. Cranoth’s face registered pain, and he hurried to console the bereaved family.
Vrash and Hath found somewhere quiet to sit away from the others, and they soon got drunk.
‘What’s in this drink, uncle?’
‘A drug. I can see shapes in the fire - it must be hallucinogenic.’
‘What?’
‘Illusio - something like that, you know what I mean. My mouth won’t work. I think I’d better get water. Want some?’
‘Please Hath, the fire’s gone a funny green colour.’
After everyone had eaten, the dancing started. A complete change came over the company. Both sexes took their clothes off and danced to attract… and not just their mates. All ages, but the girls without the woman’s braids sat quietly. Tatura was the only one with undisguised lust on her face, the others looked apprehensive. Hath believed she was no virgin, and he wondered what might happen if Clast found out.

The two tribes joined each other in the mad dance. Vrash and Hath retreated further into the shadows. The women, most of whom were solid matrons, did not appeal to them. As the drug wore off, dancers were coupling.
‘In a few years, Hath, Tatura will look the same. They have a hard life, bearing children, who might die young.’
‘Who’d have believed this, though? It’s mad! What a waste of time. This entire exercise was just an excuse for an orgy. I’ve had enough of primitive, let’s disappear now. No doubt Doella might have enjoyed the spectacle, but I’m not an anthropologist.’ He stopped, realising he shouldn’t have mentioned his sister.
Vrash looked strange. ‘Would she have joined in?’ he asked.
‘Don’t be ridiculous, of course not. Doella is far too discriminating. What an idea! Let’s get out of here… it’s nearly dawn.’
‘Fine. What direction?’
‘That’s the way back to the river,’ Hath pointed behind them.
‘Sure?’
‘Almost. Come on.’
They walked until the sun was up. Both still felt the effects of the drug, Hath replicated a hangover cure instead of breakfast. They drank water from the river and rested until the cure took effect. It was midday before they moved again.
Vrash looked over at Hath. Can you hear it? Someone is following us.
Yes, but not an animal, and although it’s quiet, it’s too clumsy to be a hunter. Are you thinking the same I am?
Tatura? She couldn’t take her eyes off you, Hath, and she didn’t seem keen on her upcoming marriage. I saw her arguing with Clast.
We don’t want her tagging us. She must be crazy to follow two men she doesn’t know into the wilderness. Hath groaned aloud.
Or desperate - I’m sure she isn’t a virgin. It’s just a hunch, but she may be worried about being found out. 
True, her husband might kill her.
She could fake it if clever enough, suggested Vrash.
I’d say she was more predatory than clever, wouldn’t you? We’d better catch her and send her back.
They hid behind trees and waited for her. Vrash moved grabbed her. Tatura didn’t struggle, she looked pleased.
‘Why are you following us?’ asked Vrash.
‘I want to go with you. I can’t marry Clast.’
‘Why not?’ he queried and then added, ‘It’s because you’re not a virgin, isn’t it?’
It shocked her he’d ask the question. She looked embarrassed and hung her head. Then she looked up with tears in her eyes, but it fooled neither man. ‘If Clast or my father find out, they might kill me, or I’d be ordered to leave the village. The Varoq won’t take me - they’d know.’
‘What would they know? The tribes don’t speak to each other much. I’m sure a girl with your looks could find a willing man,’ suggested Hath, in a kinder tone than Vrash.
‘They’d know,’ she sounded hysterical, and lowered her head again. ‘They’d know,’ she repeated.’
‘Then he should take you in!’ insisted Vrash.
‘He’s got a wife.’
‘Then it’s his fault for taking you when he shouldn’t have - not yours,’ Hath was trying not to be exasperated. ‘He isn’t the only one, is he?’
She shook her head. ‘He’s married too.’
‘Another Varoq?’ enquired Vrash.
‘Yes.’
‘Then find a clan who don’t know you,’ insisted Vrash. ‘You are a clever girl, make up a story.’

Tatura looked cunning. ‘They say the nearest tribe is in the Mountains of Blae. It’s a long way. If you take me, I’ll make both of you happy.’
‘Wait here, we need to discuss this,’ said Hath, and they moved away.
Damn the girl, what shall we do? asked Vrash.
What choice do we have? Let’s find this tribe in the mountains. We can’t leave her on her own, she’s lucky to have made it this far without encountering one of those big cats.
Fine, Hath, but I’m sick of this adventure. When we get rid of her, we return to the ship. I’ve had enough of these primitive conditions.
When they said they’d take her to the mountain tribe, she smirked and then concealed her satisfaction. Having Tatura with them made it difficult to use the replicator so they made it appear it contained dry rations.
Vrash took first watch, she snuggled up to Hath, but he woke up and moved away. When it was Vrash’s turn to sleep, she tried the same with him. For a moment, it tempted him. But what he wanted was a soft bed and arms smelling of perfume, not leaves and old leather. He remembered Laose, and then Coath and his father’s sunny, comfortable palace. As always, the last thought before he fell asleep was of his mother.
Next morning they started the long walk uphill. They couldn’t see the mountains for a hazy green mist above the trees. As the woods thinned out, the strange greenish haze grew thicker, and a damp mist made the thin tree-trunks stark against the grey-green fog. To add to the eerie feeling, they could sense the big cats. Judging by their numbers, this must be their prime hunting area. They were no longer silent but called in a variety of coughs and growls. Tatura looked scared and wary, and she never strayed far from the two men. She was curious about the biscuits, which came from the replicator bag. Hath was careful to keep it closed. The girl never asked direct questions, but her eyes were sharp, and she was making them uncomfortable with her sulks. They’d be happy to find the other tribe so they could leave her and be on their way. She’d given up trying to get one of them to sleep with her, and at night, she lay on her own beside the smoky fire, her face sullen.
The day after, Tatura disappeared for a while. This was unexpected, as she was afraid of the cats. When she came back, she didn't explain. They’d seen no sign of the other clan, and they assumed she had gone to search for them.
Next morning, they felt their enhancers flicker for a moment. They shared their disappointment. If they got the enhancers working, they’d soon find this tribe and return to the ship. The girl was happier and led them up the mountain with a spring in her step.
Hath spoke to Vrash, The replicator has ceased to work.
Damn! Now what?
It must have happened when we felt that brief surge.
Do you feel something is different?
Yes, agreed Hath, as if there is power out there. And have you noticed the change in our little friend’s demeanour? She’s smirking.
I have. I still can’t raise Doella can you, Hath?
No, there’s nothing.
She can’t be hurt, can she?
Not as far as I know. She must be busy or more likely enjoying our difficulties and laughing at us. Can you hunt? We need food.
Of course, I can, I’m a prince of Fara. But you’d better ask Tatura to forage for you since you can’t eat meat. I’ll ask her. I’ll say we’ve run out of biscuits.
Before they settled to camp that night, Vrash returned from his hunt with a creature resembling a miniature bear. Hath looked away as Vrash prepared it. Tatura collected a variety of roots, edible leaves, and small berries. Hath made an unappetising meal of them but was still hungry afterwards. Vrash cooked parts of the animal wrapped in tough leaves, and he had to admit it smelt good. It was getting more difficult to start a fire, now they couldn’t use the lighter.
Tatura, with her native skills, found dry leaves and twigs, but there was not enough dry wood to stop the fire smoking. Tatura said she’d find drier wood and collect food for Hath, but it was getting dark and she hadn’t returned.
‘I should find her,’ suggested Vrash.
‘We haven’t seen a wild cat or heard one all day.  I’d say the forest is too thin for good hunting, they like to hide in the trees. She’ll be back soon.’
When she didn’t return, Vrash hunted for her, but without success. She still hadn’t returned by the morning.
‘I am worried,’ admitted Hath.
‘We wanted to get rid of her, and we have.’
‘Yes, but I didn’t wish any harm on the girl.’
‘She may have found the other tribe. If we don’t find her, we’ll head back to the ship. Hath, I’ve had enough of this. Besides, I’m worried about not hearing from Doella. The mist is getting on my nerves, and the clouds are thicker and thicker as we climb this mountain. It’s walking around in a permanent fog, and it will be difficult to find dry wood without Tatura’s help. If Doella answered, we’d be out of here in seconds.’
They kept going uphill, guessing the direction the girl had taken and using Vrash’s tracking skills as a guide. Hath was so hungry he nearly asked Vrash for cold meat. They found fungi, but without a scanner, Hath was reluctant to try them, and when Vrash handed him a bloated maggot, he was nearly sick.
The mist cleared towards noon, and they realised they were near the summit. On top stood an obelisk of smooth grey metal. As they approached, Hath thought he recognised it. ‘It’s a Crusuth ponder.’
‘What?’
‘The Crusuth race. The Cles, same people. Carnos took Doella to one of their worlds when they were on the run from Simune and Takos. Remember?’
‘Yes.’
‘Doella found out more on the Varan Data. They were an early Earth-type experiment long before the present-day Earths. The Cles were one of many similar worlds, which didn’t survive. Doella hasn’t yet discovered any Crusuth races in her travels. She thought none of them had survived. This obelisk resembles their work. They weren’t bad technicians for a child race.’
‘Great, then when Doella gets here, she can catch up on her research,’ said Vrash, sounding bored. ‘So what is a ponder?’
‘A simple device which neutralises intruding energies, used for defence. This one must be old, but they built Crusuth technology to last. No wonder our enhancers aren’t working. I should have done a more thorough check while we were on the ship. Our instruments wouldn’t have registered this obsolete technology if it was turned off.’
‘Could this be the reason we can’t reach Doella?’
‘I doubt it, Vrash.’
‘Then let’s give up looking for Tatura. Once we put distance between ourselves and this ponder we might get our replicator working.’
‘Yes, until we reach the next ponder - but if we follow the same route back, we should be alright.’
‘Hath, I have an odd feeling we are being watched again. I wonder if it’s that troublesome girl?’
‘I can feel it too.’
Both men felt a slight vibration underfoot. Within seconds, it became as violent as an earthquake, but apart from a few dislodged stones, the ground remained intact. The sound grew deeper and louder, their equilibrium was upset, and as the vibration grew worse, Hath and Vrash fell unconscious.

Chapter 8
They awoke to find themselves stripped of everything, lying naked on a cold stone floor, in a small cave. A bright blue flickering energy barrier surrounded them, shot through with arcing fluorescent pink, which prevented them from leaving. Without their enhancers, they could not break through it. Even their joint mental powers proved useless. All they could do was to heal their headaches from the sound weapon. They were both hungry, and they ate the dried food and drank the water left for them.
It surprised them to see Tatura standing nearby. Once she had been a beautiful but primitive village girl, now she was clean and used cosmetics on her eyes and lips. A gauzy gown like the ones wore by the girls in the town replaced her skin garments. Her hair, once limp, was washed and shining, framing her face in soft waves. Around her neck was a jewelled collar with cream-coloured stones, with matching earrings and bracelets, and set her leather sandals with identical ones.
‘Now I’m clean and pretty, you prefer me, don’t you? Well, it’s too late. You didn’t need me when I was a dirty little tribe girl,’ her eyes were wild. ‘I despise both of you!’
‘We liked you, Tatura,’ said Hath, the more diplomatic of the two. ‘But as we explained, we are travellers who fight for a living. A young woman should settle with a family, not an uncertain life on the road.’
‘Liar! I loved you, Hath, I would’ve done anything you asked me.’ She spun to walk away.
‘Come back, Tatura,’ said Hath, trying to coax her back. ‘You are lovely, no matter what you are wearing. You are far prettier than any of the girls in the city. Can’t we be friends again?’
She turned back, and her face softened, but then her expression changed and hate burned her face and neck red with fury.
‘It’s too late. I loved you, Hath, with your bright hair and pale skin. Vrash wanted me, I saw it in his eyes, but I preferred you. I’ve found another man to be my husband, it’s up to him what he does with you. I’m not sorry either,’ she added, like a small, angry child. ‘You could’ve loved me back.’ She ran off.

Vrash passed the water over to Hath as they communicated with each other. Nice one, Hath you should have.
I’m not so sure. She knows our captor, maybe her lover.
Yes, I agree. She made up a story so we’d bring her here safely. Why doesn’t Doella answer?
No Idea. Hath admitted, frowning. To be honest, I’m concerned. I hope she’s all right. I wouldn’t be surprised if this is her idea of us learning patience.
Then why do I feel we run out of time, not patience?
The sound started up again, and they could not prevent it from overcoming them. When they recovered consciousness, they wore crystalline rope bindings.
Hath pointed out the obvious. They’ve no concept of how to use this rope, Vrash.
It’s still doing a good job of draining our natural energies.
It would, they used it inside a cable, and it took power from a crystal source so it didn’t overload. Or to transfer power to smaller units. I didn’t think the Crusuth used crystal energy much, but a chemical fusion from simple petroleum products.  They must’ve discovered it weakens the bodies of their prisoners. You will adjust to it - try to compensate. I wonder where they got it? Parsos imprisoned Doella with a similar substance, a Hyclos technology meant to inhibit enhancers…
‘I know the story,’ snapped Vrash aloud. He shouted for Doella in his mind, but the effort stabbed his mind like a hot knife.
Hath reached over but he couldn’t help him.
Although Doella had given herself to Zyl hoping to gain a hold over him, she had to admit she wasn’t finding it a sacrifice. Wylane insisted (just as his father had) as a hominid she was his. She liked this mating, the dragon’s strength matched her own.
However, it would soon be finished, she sensed Wylane and Dolar were not far away.
‘Zyl, you must leave. Wylane has found us.’
‘Why should I go? I’ll fight him for you.’
‘Don’t be a fool and spoil everything. Dolar is with him - you sense them. They’ll kill you. Go, I’ll keep them busy.’
‘No!’
‘Yes, I don’t want your death on my conscience too. No more Wild Ones must die. Please, Zyl!’
‘Do you care for me, Doella?’
‘You are a wonderful lover, and now your anger has lessened, you’ve proved we can save the Wild Ones. So please go and ask the others to join us. I can manage Wylane, but if he finds you here, it will ruin our plans. Go Zyl!’
‘You haven’t answered me.’
‘I won’t answer. Go away.’
Zyl hissed angrily and then did as she asked and disappeared into the forest.
Moments later, Dolar found her and changed form. ‘Grandmother, at last! I can feel
another dragon signature close…’
‘Trust me, Dolar, leave it alone.’ As she spoke, the bed disappeared, and she formed a gown and straightened her tousled hair.
Dolar understood her grandmother well enough to trust her motives, and she nodded her agreement. A composed Doella was ready to meet Wylane, who landed and changed as he did so.
‘She is safe…’ Dolar began, ‘these trees inhibit her enhancers, and we must help her get away from the planet.’
They felt Zyl take to the skies. Wylane changed shape to pursue him, but Doella cried out to him in a desperate voice. ‘Please, leave him and let him go. I’ve worked so hard to persuade him to bring the other Wild Ones to join us. If you fight, this has been for nothing.’ Wylane paused and listened to her. ‘Wylane, it meant nothing. I’m responsible for the Wild Ones, it’s my fault there are so few.’ Wylane decided and was going after Zyl. He turned into dragon shape, Dolar did the same and flew after him, and he slowed and came back. Doella repeated, ‘It didn’t matter, all that matters is we save those left…’
Wylane was still angry. ‘It is not over, Doella. Zyl will pay for this. We worried about you.’
‘Wylane, this is important - please don’t hinder me. If I don’t succeed this time, I’ll give up.’
‘I’ll let you try, but I’m not happy.’
‘Wylane, let’s stop this quarrel and get grandmother home,’ urged Dolar.
Doella regained her full strength, but she allowed Wylane to carry her.
They were back on Wylar. Wylane, still angry, moved to his room while Doella told the others what happened. It relieved her Wylane was the only one who disagreed with her motives. Then she bathed and waited for him to come to her. When he didn’t, she looked for him. He was in his room, sitting by the window, pretending to watch the sunset.
‘Come to bed. We have time before supper.’
‘So, now Zyl is gone, I’m expected to be at your beck and call.’
‘It meant nothing. I’m sorry for the Wild Ones.’
‘So will you offer the other males pleasures too because you feel sad for them?’
‘No, don’t be so touchy. Please come to bed.’ Her voice was soft and cajoling.
He got up, and Doella thought he was coming to her, but he walked past her. Now Doella was cross too and went to her room.
Dolar entered without knocking. ‘Grandmother, he’ll get over it.’
‘Of course, he will.’
Dolar said, ‘Phoenan is in the hall. I’m sure he’d oblige you.’
‘And start a dragon fight? No thank you.’

Doella went to supper with Dolar. Wylane didn’t reappear. He’d changed back into a dragon and retired to his lair, but he couldn’t sleep, and he screamed out his frustration. You could hear him in the hall.
Doella stood. ‘I am fed up of this,’ she said.

The brood were non-committal, but she understood what they thought. ‘No, I will not leave him alone,’ she announced, She moved outside and in hominid form, took off and landed near his lair. ‘Wylane,’ she shouted, ‘I am coming.’
He was curled up in his dragon form and turned to face the wall. Go away, Doella, leave me alone.
‘Wylane, please come to the house.’
I do not expect my dragon wife to consort with other dragons, he said, sounding un-dragon-like.
‘I suppose I am your dragon wife… but dragons don’t have wives. I’ll make this up to you. Why don’t we go back to Astras and start our hominid family? Sark and Carnos worked out a way for Varan sperm to enter your eggs, and they are close to helping us too. Sark believes it’s up to me, and I can make the genetic changes myself with his guidance. You’ve always wanted a hominid family. Dolar is excited. Why don’t I see if Vrash and Hath want to come home for a while too?’
All right, but if I see Zyl, I will kill him!

She didn’t argue with him, but as she was about to contact the travellers, she received a desperate call.
Hath and Vrash were led out of their prison by a group of male guards dressed in smart, short tunics. They carried prod sticks and took delight in tormenting them as they walked along, their constraints tripped them.
Although they were still groggy from their last encounter with the mysterious sound weapon, they looked around for any means of escape. This was a large cave system containing stone pillars and worked mosaic floors, and enlarged over many generations. They chained them back to back against a huge pillar in the centre of a massive cavern. On the other pillars, torches shone out into the gloom. They were lit by an unknown energy source. A few finely dressed people sat on couches as if they expected a special treat.
A man, the same age as Tatura’s father came to them. He wore a conical headdress and a rich red robe. Like Tatura, he had makeup, with rouged lips and black circled eyes, but unlike her, the cosmetics did nothing to enhance his appearance. Chanting obscure babble, he sprinkled fine dust over them, which stung their eyes and nostrils. It was a drug, the room spun and drifted in and out of focus. Soft music played, but the musicians were invisible in the gloom. Around them, was a murmur of low voices and the sound of people eating and drinking. They were both desperate to sit or lie, but their bonds wouldn't let them. The music became louder, and Tatura stood before them, wearing only her jewellery and a tiny sarong. She danced seductively, brushed up against them, and played with their phalluses. They both had erections, and the audience cheered and clapped. Two naked men joined her in her dance, and she enticed them as well. They held long knives.
Tatura moved to the prisoners, and with a contented smile on her face whispered, ‘They’ll kill you if I say so. My husband will give me anything I want. Now I’ve got a man who appreciates me.’ She moved her hands down again and was far from gentle. They both realised her intention, it was clear by the satisfied smirk on her face.
‘Doella!’ screamed Vrash, aloud and in his mind.
Doella! echoed Hath.
She heard them and was there. Tatura looked terrified, and then anger and jealousy contorted her face. Doella’s beauty was unreal, with her golden hair, bright skin, and sparkling emerald eyes. Beside her, she looked small and plain.

The music stopped, and the hall was silent. Tatura screamed, ‘Kill her!’
The two dancers moved to obey her. Doella didn’t bother to turn around, and they fell senseless to the floor. Assessing the situation, she broke the chains with her mind and gave the men back their enhancers. Their minds cleared.
‘Nice holiday?’ asked Doella.
‘No! Where have you been?’ asked Hath, ‘we’ve been calling and calling.’
‘I’ve been tied up myself. I’ll explain later.’ She turned to the now terrified Tatura, who backed away. ‘As for you, you are an unpleasant young woman.’
Tatura’s once lovely face changed as Doella distorted it to take her beauty.
Next moment they were back on Wylar, outside the house. Then their ship appeared nearby.
‘Why do that to her, mother?’ asked Vrash, surprised at his mother’s action.
‘You were polite and did not read her mind, but I did. She had monstrous ambitions. She intended to conquer both the Claase and Varoq before moving on elsewhere. Her husband was a pawn in her plans. I removed the alien technology. Interesting, how they came to have it. When I’ve time I’ll look into the matter further. But I left the ponders. I collected the possessions you lost. They are on the ship.’
Hath was cross, and he yelled at his sister. ‘Doella, I almost lost my most prized possession.’
‘We could grow it back,’ Doella laughed.
‘Doella!’ both men protested.
‘Rest, I will see you soon,’ and she transferred them to their ship, which she sent into orbit around Wylar.
They exchanged stories over dinner. Vrash and Hath’s dilemma made for a lively discussion. Only those who know dragons well realise their heightened sense of the ridiculous, and soon the relieved men were laughing along with the others.
‘Now will you listen to me,’ said Doella, serious, ‘if you find your enhancers don’t work again - leave.’
‘One question, mother. I don’t understand why you marred the girl’s face?’ Doella’s action puzzled Vrash.
‘I scanned her. I’m not a Varan anymore. The girl had appalling ambition,’ Doella explained to the others, ‘not only was she determined to pay back her tribe for forcing her to leave but had the cities in her sights. She was fascinated by the idea of them, though she’d never seen any. She’d plotted with the man in the red garments for a while, and she had to marry him to get his help and to gain those handy tools she used on you. He saw himself as a high priest or guardian of the artefacts - as those Crusuth describe the interesting technology. He admired her looks, and I realised once she lost her beauty and the devices, he’d tire of her and find a prettier partner, he’s a very shallow, cruel person. After that, I hope the status quo will stay unaffected. She liked you, Hath. She’d have ditched the priest for you if you’d returned her affection, but as you acted colder, she hated you and became deceitful and vicious in the extreme. As for you, Vrash, she was very willing to open her legs for you, but she assessed you as a man dependent on pleasure, and no use to her purposes. So she intended to pay you back appropriately.’
Everyone laughed.
‘How can you be sure,’ asked one of the younger dragons, ‘she won’t achieve her ambitions?’
‘I can’t, Freyto, so I’ll watch things there. Besides, the Crusuth have intrigued me for a long time and I’d love to find out from where those “artefacts” came.’
‘I’ll trust my instincts in the future,’ said Hath. ‘As for you, Vrash, at least try to keep the appearance of a man of honour.’
Everyone laughed again, including Vrash.
‘Both of you considered having the girl, didn’t you?’ Doella was serious again. ‘I may not abide by the laws myself, but the rules on the child races are there for a reason. ‘You understand why you must be careful. The Varan rules, and ours, say “no harm”; and there may be no harm in a pleasure girl selling you her body, but who can say? Perhaps losing someone she has fallen in love with can cause harm. In most cases, I agree, a fat purse will outweigh a loss - but not in every case.’
‘Point taken, Doella,’ said Hath, ‘but what about you and your little dalliances?’
‘I too was careless of feelings, even though I did my best not to hurt them, and I have my regrets. Would I behave the same way now? I should’ve told them I couldn’t stay for long or the truth. The regulations say we should obey the rules of the society we live in, and, I did. But looking back, I wonder if there’s any difference between men and women in matters of the heart? I don’t think so. We have learnt lessons, haven’t we?’ Doella lost her serious look. ‘You were very lucky. If I had remained trapped any longer in the crystalline trees, you’d be on Astras growing back your most valuable assets, and I believe  it can take a while!’
Next day, in the bright sunlight on Wylar, it seemed like a bad dream.
Hath watched Vrash’s eyes following his mother, ‘Shall we leave and try our luck again? I promise to do thorough scans.’
‘She didn’t say why she didn’t respond when we called her, did she? Why was she stuck among those trees? We deserve a better explanation. Why are you so eager to leave? Dolar’s here?’
Hath knew - Doella told him after Vrash went to bed. It was no good keeping anything from him, he’d find out. He gave Vrash a brief outline of what happened, leaving out as much as he could about Zyl.
‘After Tatura, she’s more appealing. She is so fresh and alive, and I need a rest. Why can’t we stay here?’
‘We are supposed to be travelling towards Varan and now there’s a wedding planned,’ said Hath.
‘Doella will take us, no need to go on the ship.’
‘I want to go home for the wedding and will need her help to get there without being discovered. I’m persona non grata on Varan, as she is. If I try it alone, I’ll be arrested and sent for reconditioning.’
‘You don’t agree with Varan laws either, do you?’
‘No, but like my sister, I find Varan beautiful and am always glad to see my family. But I wouldn’t wish to live there. Compared to the life I lead now, it’s boring. I’ve been back four times since leaving. Doella goes regularly - she has three children.’
‘What’s Takos like? It’s surprising after being bonded to Doella, he’d marry her sister.’
‘Doella arranged for him to spend time with Vacella because she understood they’d get on well together. They used to be bonded, but Takos didn’t want to share her. He’s what you’d call a true Varan, and is conservative - not like Doella, or me. We’ll both be thrilled to have him as a brother. Vacella looks like us, but whereas Doella is strong and vital, Vacella is gentle. I’d go mad married to her, but she’s suitable for Takos, and it makes Doella less guilty over letting him down. A successful ending, I suppose.’
‘You suppose?’
‘I don’t believe he’s over your mother, but he and Vacella are compatible for bonding. I wish them happiness.’
‘I understand you, or rather we, have a large family on Varan. Will I be able to attend the wedding too?’
‘To be honest, Vrash, I doubt it. For a start, you can’t hide your feelings. What you want is very much against our customs. That’s putting it mildly - it is taboo. Everyone would be shocked, and Father would never speak to us again.’
‘But we’ve never slept together, and I could keep my thoughts to myself, I’d like to meet them.’
‘I’ll have a word with Doella. Perhaps she can think of a way around it. Wait here and I’ll find her.’
‘What’s wrong, Hath, you look worried,’ said Doella as he met her.
‘I am. It’s your son - he wants to come to Takos and Vacella’s wedding and meet everyone.’
‘Just imagine mother and father’s reaction: “Doella has a hybrid son.”’
‘They know.’
‘Yes. But, conveniently, we are at opposite ends of the galaxy, and they don’t have to acknowledge any of them. They will see Carnos, but they are still cool towards him as if this was his fault, and if he hadn’t interfered Takos would have married me. But to take Vrash with us…’
‘If it’s any help, he promises to behave himself.’
‘But he never does, does he? He doesn’t have the mental skills to foil them. Mother’s upset my signature is no longer Varan. She only accepts I have a dragon family because I saved the planet, and she can only cope with it by burying the knowledge deep. As for father…’
‘Shall I tell Vrash no,’
‘No, not yet. Let me think about it. When are you leaving?’
‘He’s reluctant to leave.’
‘You must. Wylane is upset over Zyl.’
‘I don’t blame him,’ said Hath, ‘are there any more of those crystal forests?’
‘Don’t worry, if ever I meet with a wild dragon again, I’ll take Dolar with me. If you are going to stay, I will go back to Astras with Wylane for a while. I’ll collect you in time for the wedding, it’s still a while off.’ She understood Vrash could not go with them.

Chapter 9
Back on Astras, Doella looked for Sark and Carnos. She expected they’d be in the research lab in the centre of the settlement. It was here they taught their skills to the other settlers, and it had grown from a simple school into a university. It started with basic engineering and related sciences, but now it covered many diverse subjects. Teaching kept them occupied while Doella was elsewhere. Their families were close by and expanding. They agreed they were happy with their lives, but life would be better if Doella were home more often.
Carnos taught a class of young children. He looked up when he sensed her presence and smiled with pleasure. Moving away so as not to disturb them, she found Sark in his favourite laboratory.
‘Doella, I’m glad to see you,’ he returned her kiss, ‘you’ve been away too long and with no mind-call to Carnos or me. It worried us.’
‘I’m sorry,’ she said and mind-told him what happened.
Gentle Sark was angry. ‘A wild dragon? Doella, what were you thinking of?’
‘I did it for a good reason. I want to bring those remaining dragons to Wylar.’
Sark’s voice softened. ‘I’m not surprised Wylane is angry - Zyl is not as insignificant as we are.’ He saw her falter. ‘I’m sorry, Doella, you believe in what you are doing, but it’s hard on the rest of us. Come here,’ he held his arms out to her, ‘I won’t be angry.’
‘Oh Sark, you were once the most stoic of men, now you sound like Carnos.’
‘Well, I see more of him than of you. So you think having Wylane’s hominid child will help?’
‘I promised, and you said you’d devised a way for Dolar to accept Hath’s sperm…’
‘Yes, it was easier to work out, but for you and Wylane, it’s up to you. It’s a matter of you focusing on the tiny egg after you’ve formed it.’
‘Of course, it is. I think I understood - as always.’
‘Carnos will finish his lecture soon, we’d better find him, he’ll want to know why you’ve been gone longer than usual.’
The students in the corridor left school for the day. They bowed to Doella, and she smiled at them.
I wish they wouldn’t bow to me, she said.
Like it or not, you are achieving goddess status here too. Only people who don’t know you.
Doella laughed. Sark, please explain I’m just a normal citizen.
Sark pulled her into an empty room, his voice sharp again. ‘Don’t be ridiculous!’ his voice softened as he cupped her chin in his large hands. ‘I wish you were ordinary. I wish you were my wife, living with me instead of jumping from one home to another, one bed to another, visiting Coath and who knows who else.’
‘There is no one else. I tell you everything.’
‘Then what stops you, Doella? Your appetites grow as your power increases.’
‘You do - you and Carnos, Haris and Wylane. If I ever take another husband, you understand who it will be.’
She conceived Wylane’s hominid child. A few days later, her belly was swollen. He was larger than her previous offspring, even Sarks. Carnos scanned her and assured her everything was fine, although the baby wasn’t hominid. Doella remembered the Draminods and shuddered.
Carnos heard her thoughts. ‘No, it’s fine, he looks nothing as you imagine…’
He didn’t look Varan, but neither did he look as Wylane in his hominid form. His dragon heritage was apparent in his skin, it had a scaly pattern, which mirrored a Levian. His limbs were long and straight, he had the three digits of a dragon, plus a rudimentary thumb on the palm of each hand. The red-gold colour of his eyes resembled his father’s, but they had Doella’s shape, and his ears pointed. In place of hair, bright bronze scales covered his head and travelled his spine to a point at his waist.
Despite his differences, he was far from ugly, and his mind was wonderful. Pure, like a planet starting life, with much room for the knowledge he’d accumulate. He possessed his father’s racial memories from conception. Doella was pleased with her son, and even though he was born with sharp teeth, he never bit her.
Wylane was overjoyed, and as Doella hoped, Zyl was forgotten. They named him Wy, which became the name of his new species, the Wyan. His proud mother took him to Wylar to show him off. It made Dolar anxious to breed with Hath. The elder Vrash hadn’t contacted her, so Doella did the rounds of the other dragon colonies.
A few days later, Hath mind-called her Doella, we’ve decided to carry on with the journey to Varan as the wedding isn’t for a while. Will you take the ship to where you found us?
Her belly was swollen with another of Wylane’s children, and she sensed her son Vrash’s anger. Doella took them where they wished and left.

‘Vrash, your mother and Wylane planned this for a long time,’ said Hath, trying to explain.
‘Don’t worry, uncle. I don’t mind. It means one-day Doella and I will be together.’ It convinced Vrash he’d get what he wanted. He glanced over at his uncle. ‘So you agree with me!’
‘Your telepathic skills are fast overtaking mine, Vrash,’ said Hath, ‘that image was private!’
I’m sorry I invaded your privacy. It won’t happen again.
It was a girl-child this time, and like her brother, she had a strange beauty. Dolar, waiting for Hath to return, spent most of her time with these two precious children, and Doella, in true Varan fashion, was content to let her. As she enjoyed motherhood again, she decided to have another child by each of her husbands. She was becoming as prolific a breeder as any early Varan, as Core was happy to point out. She wanted another son for Haris to nurture, their first son, Wurlud, discovered a thirst for knowledge and spent time away from home exploring Astras, looking for potential sites for new settlements. And of course a daughter each for Sark and Carnos.
Wy was almost full-grown and manifested no strange notions over his relationship with his mother. His sister Screetha was a quiet, solitary child. Both children used mind-speech more than verbal communication, unlike most of the others. They were close, but Doella sensed as they matured they’d grow apart, as their ideas were as different as their minds. Wy was logical, reasoning everything out until happy with it. Screetha’s mind filled with more than her childish memories and the ones her father bequeathed her. Screetha didn’t understand these new ideas. The more knowledge she drew into herself, the more introverted she became. Even as a tiny toddler, she’d come to her mother and sit on her knee. When she grew too big, she sat at Doella’s feet and place her head in her mother’s lap, as Rucella had. Doella held her as she travelled in her mind to the places Doella showed her. Sometimes she’d show her mother places, which made Doella uneasy. She understood this child possessed a gift she wasn’t given - the gift of prophecy, and afraid because of it, Screetha wouldn’t have the life she wanted for her.

One day Screetha said to her, ‘Please mother, don’t worry about my future, and accept it, even though it wouldn’t be your choice. I will know love. It will not be the affection you have, but for a brief time. You live for love, not just sex, which you sometimes berate yourself for, but all kinds of emotion. But your sexuality keeps you contained. They use it as a weapon to keep you under control… without it…’
‘I understand, dear daughter.’
Then Screetha’s voice changed. Doella felt the difference in her brain waves. ‘One will be born to you, who has no love - only dominant power….’ a chill ran through Doella’s body. ‘Your beauty will move him to do great evil.’ Doella shuddered. ‘He will destroy much, including the good, but not destroy all. The good always sacrifice to keep the universe whole, and it will a long time after…’
Doella saw in her daughter’s mind, but she knew as if the future already happened. ‘The twins,’ she said, her voice breaking, and she wept, her warm tears falling onto Screetha’s shiny scales.
Something changed in Doella. That evening she looked for Core. He had friends in Astras but no immediate family to keep him tied to the settlement. Dolar helped him build a small, one-roomed home in the hills. He spent more and more time there instead of in his elegant house near Doella.
The night came and a few bright stars were showing. Core sat outside his home watching the evening sky when Doella arrived. There was nothing unusual in her visit, she often came to see him. But tonight he sensed it was more than the usual news she wanted to tell him.
She sat beside him. They often star gazed together without exchanging conversation, but tonight Core sensed she needed his counsel.
‘What’s wrong, Doella? You are distressed.’
She showed him what Screetha revealed to her - the scenes buried in her mind her daughter led her to remember. ‘Oh Core,’ she gave a heart-rending sigh and sat at his feet, where he absent-mindedly stroked her hair as she did to her children. ‘Come home, we miss you.’
 ‘I like the peace here.’
‘You mean you enjoy being away from me. Core, we require your wisdom, and more I need your love.’
‘You have it.’
‘Not the love of a father for a daughter which you give me. I want what I’ve always asked for. I wish to give you children, to make you happy and be part of our new world. How could I be shocked by anything you did?’
‘Oh, Doella,’ Core put his head back and sighed, but he didn’t move or make a sharp reply as he did when she asked. He could hear the blood pounding in his ears, and he lowered his head and made the mistake of looking into her bright eyes. ‘You’ve enough lovers, why want an old man?’
‘Ever since you helped rescue me from Wylar, it bound us to each other. This will be just another step on the road we travel together.’

Doella moved her hand. He sighed, and for the first time didn’t pull away but let her touch him into life and kiss his erection. Doella stood up, took his hand, and led him inside to the narrow bed. He was no longer passive but returned her kisses and caresses. As they made love, they entered each other’s minds - the forbidden act outside of Varan wedlock - and she saw what he was ashamed of. Afterwards, they lay, their bodies intertwined.
‘Core, dear one, I’ve killed many more. You’ll heal, and the guilt lessens. We should’ve done this years ago.’
He did not reply, and they both fell asleep in the soft night air. He awoke in her arms and Doella smiled at him. ‘I said you’d feel better. We’ve wasted much time, dear friend, arguing about anything you could think of.’
‘I believed you’d despise me.’
‘You did as ordered by the council and forced to kill outlaws and hybrids who refused to be rehabilitated, and you carried those orders out reluctantly. You and Gote decided you had enough of killing innocents, and the real reason you accompanied us, isn’t it?’
‘Yes.’
‘I don’t hate you Core - how could I? I’ve killed - or caused the deaths of others. Not all were innocent, but the foetuses on New Hyclo were. I should’ve tried harder to save them, but I didn’t understand my skills and frightened of failure. Haris’ people too, so many died. I put Varan’s interests above everyone else, and I was wrong. You knew it too, and how I’d feel later, but Varan must survive. The guilt over the dragons they forced me to kill… and the Draminods… for a moment I revelled in my power. I told myself those creatures needed peace - they should never have been created. I keep telling myself that, but I’m ashamed of what I did. There’s been a reason for everything I’ve done, but it hurts and as you do, I’ll always carry the guilt of my actions with me.’
‘Doella, I’m near old age; I’ve got a couple of thousand years of good life left, our time together will be short.’
‘There’s enough for you to learn to live. Now come home?’
Doella contacted only Hath, not Vrash. Her son was unconcerned by this, and his uncle sensed Hath knew it was only a matter of time before he’d have what he most desired. The men had travelled far and had seen many worlds and cultures. Wiser after their encounter with Tatura, they used bubbles. Only joining the people when a civilisation appealed and it was safe to mingle with their hosts without harming themselves or others. They learned how to disguise themselves as locals, Doella always said it took practice and energy, and it wasn’t only Vrash who matured with their experiences.
One day while they were travelling interlamina, Vrash said unexpectedly, ‘I miss my father.’ Hath was caught off guard, and Vrash’s clever mind heard his careless thought. ‘Coath is not my father?’ he exclaimed.
‘You promised you’d never invade my privacy again!’
‘I didn’t, you blurted it out.’ Vrash gained control of his emotions as he matured. ‘Tell me the truth,’ he sighed, ‘and don’t say it’s up to Doella. You do it,’ he insisted, ‘Don’t call my mother.’
It was too late. Doella was pregnant again. Hath smiled, he understood whose baby it was, and happy Core would have a family.
‘You’re growing up, my son,’ said Doella.
‘How many children have you had since we saw you?’ Vrash asked, as if for the latest news from home.
‘Six,’ she answered, smiling and caressing her swollen belly, ‘Cores - we wasted too much time.’
‘Is my father well?’ Vrash asked.
‘Yes, Coath is well, although he misses you.’
‘Tell me, mother,’ he said, as Doella glanced at her brother, ‘I repeat, is my father well?’
‘So, it’s time to tell you.’ She sat, graceful even with her bulk.
‘I’ll get wine,’ Hath said and fetched a bottle of real Varan wine from the store. He found the tension in the room oppressive and left them alone.

Doella, always forthright, told the story. ‘Vrash is your father’s name too, he asked me to call you that. I didn’t ask the reason. Perhaps it is his peoples’ tradition, or he believes it will make it easier when he leaves us. He is only waiting to meet you and then he’ll go.’ Vrash looked even more puzzled. ‘You needed to mature before I could tell you this. Come closer, and I’ll explain everything.’ Doella stood up and Vrash stood in front of her, looking into her eyes. The touch of her cool hands on his face made his desire rise to the surface. When she’d finished the transfer, he put his hands over hers in a caress.
Doella moved away. ‘Please, sit again.’
Hath entered and gave him a glass of wine. Then he handed one to his sister.
‘You are still holding back… there is more!’ Vrash insisted.
‘It’s not for this time. My baby is close to her birth. After I wean her, we will visit your father together and finish the story. For now, continue your journey.’ She was gone.
Vrash stood up and drained his wine, and then he emptied his mother’s untouched glass. ‘So my narrative unfolds, uncle.’
‘You’re learning patience at last,’ Hath replied.
After Core’s baby daughter was born and weaned, Doella remembered her promise, but she didn’t summon the elder Vrash. As she told their son, he’d abandon his corporeal form, and she’d never see him again. Although he’d enter her dreams, his presence wouldn’t be real, and she wouldn’t remember after she woke… so she delayed the meeting.

Chapter 10
Screetha was nearly grown. She was as tall as Dolar, but although she possessed many dragon characteristics, she could not transform into one without the aid of an enhancer. With this, she often flew the skies with her kin, but even with the augmenter was unable to breathe fire. She wasn’t disappointed, but her brother Wy was. He had a fierce temper and angry he couldn’t fly unaided, for he didn’t draw on his positive strengths as his sister did. At first, Doella worried he’d always believe he was less than a dragon, whereas Screetha felt she was more.
Wylane was proud of his hominid children. A different race, he said, the most powerful of non-enhanced hominids. He was anxious for Hath to return and mate with Dolar, so there might be more Wyan. He was becoming obsessed with the idea. ‘Another new race, Doella. First, your dragon brood, spreading throughout the skies, and then your many hybrids who helped save the Hyclos and now Wy and Screetha.’
But Doella wasn’t listening, she’d fallen asleep in his arms. Wylane was silent as he held her close, watching her face as she slept. Before long, she dreamed. He often entered her mind and shared them, for his dragon one could keep pace with the fast rate of her jumbled dreams, but he realised by its unusual signature this was no ordinary dream.
It showed snatches of her life at breakneck speed. Then it slowed, showing things which had not yet occurred. Wylane watched, fascinated. Here was Core leaving on his Final Journey -  Doella broke the rules, flew with his tiny death vessel, and he died in her arms. With his bracelet gone, his body disintegrated and disappeared, because there was nothing to hold it together. As the unspoken Varan myth said, he vanished. All remained was a fine powder, which, when the ship opened on Astras, rose and dispersed in the air, carried by a gentle breeze. Doella’s grief was profound.
Coath was next, an old man, he died after they made love. Doella thought about reviving him, but something held her back, and she cried for him, rocking his body in her arms until he was cold. The ancient but still faithful Sama prepared him for burial.
The dream ebbed and flowed, speeding up and slowing down, a kaleidoscope of life and death, children, friends, lovers, jumbled and confused. It slowed to highlight important episodes. She followed Takos on his Final Journey, and as Core, he passed in her arms, their love renewed as they relived their brief life together. Soon afterwards, the scene with her first loyal husband, her much loved Carnos, and with his death, the last vestige of her Varan identity died too. Wylane realised the dream wasn’t in chronological order, for the times appeared confused. Haris died, an old man. Doella looked after him at the end. His bracelet was withdrawn long before because he wished to die as a human. His last words to her were lucid after many years of confusion. “Doella, I’d never leave you, for I loved you even when I said I hated you.” She buried his remains after the custom of his father’s people.
These losses hit Doella hard, and when Hath too perished, Doella left to grieve alone. There was a short happy interval showing happier times, with her children and their families - her loving family. Then pain again as it slowed. Parsos, who became her lover, died and then Sark - agony. She fought her dragon anger at her losses. Her Varan ideals forgotten, and her memories unreal, as if no longer part of her - gone together with her lost loves. Many characters appeared Wylane didn’t recognise - yet.

He was interested in two men who constantly fought. Their image overlaid many scenes, sometimes coming into sharp relief. They looked like Vrash. Their battles were terrifying, everything around them destroyed, and neither able to win. Their strength would drain, and they lifted their heavy swords with great effort. One with a smirk on his face taunted the other, saying he couldn’t kill him even if capable. The battle slowed and then moved faster. Then it was as if time stopped. For there was Doella’s son Vrash begging her to let him seek oblivion. He was weary, and his body stretched beyond existence as if it covered vast systems of space and time. ‘Too much,’ he begged. All he’d known vanished into dust, and because she loved him, she let him go, although she understood she’d never recover from the pain of their parting.

The universe was cooling. The life, which didn’t migrate to warmer stars, vanished. Slowly, the light disappeared. The dragons were the last, but finally, they perished. All that remained was Doella and himself. They lived on in a freezing, dark world she hated, and then he too succumbed. Doella stayed, always a dragon, remaining in her lair as the last sun disappeared. The large red giant sun filled the sky. Doella needed no warmth, no food, just its feeble light.
Small blue crystals fell at the entrance to her hideaway and she’d crawl outside to collect them, the only time she moved. She added them to the one her son Vrash left her until she had thirteen, including her own.
All that lived in the emptiness of dark space was Doella, and dormant viruses and spores, nothing else. Wylane felt the terrible cold and his lover’s aching desolation. Eternity stretched before her. The golden dragon slept most of the time, remembering her lost loves and family - if she woke to her reality she’d cry. Her tears dropped as diamond crystals, and her loneliness was unbearable pain. Wylane couldn’t bear it. The last sun extinguished, and so was Doella’s long life.

But it wasn’t the end. Over countless billions of years, the matter in their cosmos drifted to the central area. The more substance gathered, the faster objects were drawn into it, until there was an explosion of concentrated elements, and the universe was reborn.
Wylane understood this scene happened repeatedly. Somewhere in the swirling, gaseous drifts were thirteen crystals and Doella. Life would begin - make the same mistakes and die again. The same individuals reborn, but always with differences. Everyone they had known to live again.
When Doella woke, she remembered parts of her dream, which often happened. Wylane thought it wise to keep the rest of it from her, but she realised he’d seen everything. She looked at him and decided. ‘You’re right, don’t tell me what happens. I remember the end of things, followed by the intolerable loneliness and cold.’
She wept and Wylane held her close. From that moment, their relationship changed. Wylane understood she was his dragon wife. No other dragon would take her from him. Even Zyl didn’t matter, she was his, for as long as time - or for as long as this time! As if the dream was meant for him too.
Doella remembered something else from her dream - Parsos. He’d not taken a wife. He waited for her to keep her promise. “When the time is right,” she’d said when he’d begged her for love. She hadn’t completely forgiven him for his early treatment of her - it left a deep scar in her psyche. It was the first time she was powerless. He waited, a patient and caring friend, believing one day she’d do as promised.
Wylane heard her thoughts. ‘It doesn’t matter anymore, does it? At the very end, it’s you and I together. I am content,’ he said, with a look of inner peace on his usually sardonic face.
‘Yes Wylane, but you’ll leave me and I’ll be alone. Those countless years remembering what I was and what I had - those I loved - only painful memories.’ She sighed and then as always she recovered her poise. ‘You and I will have rich full lives for a long time until our friends leave us.’

She got out of bed and leant to kiss him. ‘I have been cruel to someone because I believed he’d taken too much from me. He was sick, I should have forgiven him. I’m going to do it now.’
Parsos was awake, lying on his bed waiting for the sun to rise and flood the room with light. Doella appeared in his reception. She often called on him, asking how his work progressed, but never early in the morning, something must be wrong. He got up and slipped on a gown.
She was in his kitchen, nothing strange - she’d prepare a tray as they talked. She looked different. Her gown was sheer and revealing, and her loose hair tumbled in soft waves. She turned and smiled as he approached. ‘It’s early, but you always wake to watch the sunrise. I thought we should talk. I’ve been neglecting you.’
Doella chose wine instead of her usual coffee. It surprised Parsos to see it was a bottle of her precious Varan wine, not one of the Astras’ vintages. He was used to being her friend, for he understood she couldn’t forgive him for what he’d subjected her to, even though she insisted she had.
‘Drink, Parsos. It’s a fine wine, my last bottle. Although our vintages on Astras are improving, there’s nothing as good this fine spring wine from our family farm.’
They sipped it in silence, appreciating its fresh flavour. Doella’s flimsy excuse for a gown was half-open in front, revealing her shapely legs.
‘I haven’t been a decent friend, have I? I wanted to punish you for what you did to me…’
‘I know, Doella.’
‘Despite that, you’ve been a great friend to me. Why haven’t you married? On this world, being a hybrid is an advantage, not dishonour. A woman would be proud to call you husband.’
Was she here to tell him that again? ‘Why come here half-dressed? Is it just to tease me? Every night I relive what I did to you, my punishment. Because I saved you from my men, Wylar destroyed my mind - but I couldn’t!’
‘He played on your insecurities and gave you agony when you refused to do as he asked, pushing your mind so you lost control. Parsos, please forgive me for prolonging your pain. I’m sorry, I should have come before this and if you still want me…’ Parsos looked shocked.

She undid her dress, and it fell in a pale blue waterfall. Parsos stood up and dropped his glass. Doella walked up to him and put her arms around him to pull him close.
‘Parsos, you hated yourself for so long because you refused to see the best of you, only self-loathing. Wylar gave you power over those you believed despised you and it’d make up for everything you’d lost.’ He was afraid to touch her as if he was dreaming and if he did, he’d wake up as always. ‘Parsos, I am real,’ she reached for his lips.
He responded to her kiss and let Doella lead him back to his bed and pull him onto it. He remembered how his first jubilation at his power over her vanished, replaced by an even greater desolation and worse self-loathing. It grew until he wanted to disappear inside himself and never come out - which he’d done.
As they made love his thoughts of the past receded, and the emptiness was replaced with love and peace. Doella’s mind and body were one with his. They loved again, and Doella conceived their first daughter, as Parsos put an end to his loneliness and guilt.
He had overwhelming joy and love for his daughter as he watched Doella feeding Angril.  Doella too healed. The pain at Parsos’ treatment of her gone, and she was at peace too. But there was something else she had to do. The idea disturbed her and she kept putting it aside.
Vrash matured in the six months since he’d seen his mother. He’d visited many worlds with Hath and learned much. They had both changed their attitudes after the incident with Tatura. Mindful of Doella’s words, they carefully chose lovers. “No harm,” Doella said, and they minded her words. Nothing helped Vrash to forget his mother. His longing was worse. He imagined Doella in his arms and not the girl there, and avoided meeting women. Hath didn’t push him, instead, they concentrated on study, cataloguing the places and people they’d visited and entering them onto data. Hath believed Vrash’s powerful passion for Doella must be for good reason. Every part of her past was under someone else’s sway. She was the most important character in a well-thought-out plan and had little control over what happened to her.
Vrash sensed his uncle’s ideas changing. ‘I’m not so different, uncle. It’s only been a year since I left my father’s palace, and thanks to you I’ve seen and learnt a great deal. Are we close to Varan?’ he asked.
‘Yes, near the surrounds of our present territories. We pulled back after the dragon attack,’ Hath showed him the changes in the borders. ‘Everyone wants to be closer to Varan nowadays.’
‘How long is it to the wedding?’
‘No specific time yet.’
‘So Doella will be back soon.’ Vrash had not called Doella “mother” for a long time and Hath considered it a bad omen. It wasn’t long to the wedding. Both he and Doella wanted to attend the official bonding and then stay with their family until the marriage feast. Vrash was right Doella would come shortly.
As if she’d listened to his thoughts, she stood in the control room with them. Every time Hath saw his sister, her beauty took his breath away, and he tried to remember her as she used to be. But the memory was elusive. Vrash never forgot how lovely and desirable she was. He thought of little else.
She hadn’t seen them for a while and hugged her dear brother, and Vrash, as if she’d forgotten his unnatural passion. His kiss and caress were not of a son to his mother, for he pressed his body to hers. For a moment, Doella forgot and responded, but she pulled away as she sensed his triumph.
‘No, Vrash, please,’ she said, her eyes wide.

Then they were on his father’s planet, the flowers opening and closing in an exquisite rhythm around them.
His father appeared. ‘Doella, and at last my dear son. Welcome.’
The sudden change of scene disorientated Vrash. There was another swift change, and they were standing outside the elder Vrash’s ever-changing home. The sun was rising, when they arrived it had been on the point of setting, and Vrash had trouble focusing.
He couldn’t believe it when his father said to him with a sad smile, ‘My son before you become one with Doella there is something you must find.’
 ‘I can’t wait. Sometimes it’s as if I’m losing my mind, and control over everything - not just her - all!’ He recovered and looked at his natural parent. ‘Why did you let another be my father, so I gave him a son’s love?’
‘Vrash, I am not corporeal. In my world, you couldn’t learn about life. My physical life is over and Coath, your mother’s lover, is a fine person. He could show you what you needed, and give you a good start in life. I could not teach you how to fight or how to govern others. I do not know of these things. All I can offer you is love and whispers of the past…’
Vrash breathed hard. ‘You said I’ll have my mother. I want to hold her in my arms…’
‘You will. But your life together won’t be easy. Your passion prevents you from growing, as you should. There is much for you to learn. Most important, before she comes to your bed, you must find the blue crystal intended for you…’
Vrash’s real father touched his hand. He felt the outpouring of his selfless love, and then he was back on the ship. Vrash was disoriented and nauseous. He shouted for his mother.
‘Steady … calm.’ Hath replicated restorative fluid for him.
‘Your father is leaving this dimension, and Doella will spend time with him before he goes. Time on his world doesn’t flow as it does here. Be patient, it might be a while until your mother returns or not.’
‘Uncle, how do you know this?’
‘Your mother keeps little from me, we’ve always been close friends,’ he smiled at his nephew. ‘Don’t worry, the blue crystals take time to appear as they did with Doella.’
‘It must be soon.’ Vrash took a deep breath and tried to relax. ‘I’m sorry, Hath. You find my need peculiar, don’t you?’
Hath shook his head. ‘I’ve been travelling with my sister for a while now, and everything about her life is strange.’
As Hath predicted, Doella returned. Vrash was in his cabin, so brother and sister could speak alone. Doella had been crying, and her eyes were still wet.
‘Doella, are you all right?’
‘No, Vrash is gone. I have his planet and his house as a refuge, but it will be lonely there without him.’
‘I’m sorry, Doella.’
‘It had to happen, why I kept putting off taking Vrash to see him because afterwards he’d leave our time and return to his people. How is he?’
‘Confused.’
‘His father and I discussed the situation. I won’t linger for the crystal. When he has it, I’ll conceive children by him. Powerful children, who need no enhancements to make them robust, as we do. We fear if we wait too long he may change, lose his mind, and reach for chaos instead of order. We have invested much time and effort into our son. He must be a force for good or we’ll fail.’
‘My dear sister, isn’t your love life complicated enough?’
‘In a way, it’s less confused. Let me show you.’ She reached out to touch his face and showed him the fragments of her dream, seen through Wylane’s eyes. ‘Wylane is happy - he knows he’s my husband until the end of this time.’
‘What if it’s a dream and not a prophetic vision?’
‘Screetha has confirmed it’s a message. I’ll show you the children Wylane and I will have together.’ She opened up her memories to him.
‘Wondrous, Doella. Dolar must be eager for me to return home.’
‘She is. I achieved the conception naturally but Sark and Carnos believe they’ve worked out how they can help you.’
‘I hope so. You persuaded stubborn old Core to have children, and Parsos too. Good, they’ve both been lonely.’
‘I realise my enhancements affect you too. I’m sorry, Hath.’
He laughed, ‘I can manage - I’m still Varan…’ he paused, ‘Go to Vrash. It’s inevitable, so it might as well be sooner than later. Doella, part of me isn’t Varan either. I sense the pull of something ancient, instinctive, rather than rational. Perhaps it’s a result of mating with Dolar.’
‘Yes, I believe it may be - I feel it too.’

Chapter 11
Vrash lay on his bed, far from sleep. He sat as Doella entered.
‘I hope you don’t mind me coming in,’ she said. ‘I need to talk to you and explain what’s happening to us. You’re aware of what I’m about to tell you. You’ve grown up fast these past six months while I’ve been an adult Varan for over five thousand years, yet the Varan think of me as a child. We can survive up to sixty thousand years, but it’s rare. Some want only twenty-five thousand years of life. We live so long because of the way our bracelets hold our bodies in stasis, without them, we’d wear out in a few thousand years. We choose our own time to die and take our Final Journey. When we remove our bracelets we age, and in less than ten years leave Varan in small ships and our bodies disappear… We’re told not to question it.’
‘Doella?’ 
‘I’m telling you I’m still young and I don’t know everything. Even though I’ve got these blue crystals,’ she pointed to them, ‘I’m learning and will go on studying until I die. You must keep on searching for your own Feye crystal, and when you discover it…’ She paused and the tough words came out. ‘When you get it, I’ll conceive twins with you and then we’ll both grow up. Both pleasure and terror will be our lot, and our responsibilities grow beyond anything we’d be expected to shoulder. Your natural father has given up his corporeal form for good, but before he went, we talked about how your desires consumed you.’
‘I try to fight it,’ Vrash sobbed, ‘but my emotions for you are strong almost to madness.’
‘It’s not your fault. They planned this a long time ago, so our twins might be born. If we had a normal mother-son relationship, we’d not suffer these emotions. But I can only conceive these children with you. Only you have the strength in those strange genes of yours to help me create them.’
She stood up and moved to sit beside him, and the moment he’d been longing for arrived. He reached to kiss her, his body trembling.
‘On my Earth, Vrash, there is a saying, “forbidden love is the sweetest.” These crystals took away my Varan heritage, and little remains.’ She ran her hand over his face and down his torso. ‘You look so much like Coath.’
‘Why?’ Vrash’s voice was husky.
‘I think it’s for me.’
They mated as in a Varan marriage, joining both body and mind, and afterwards, as they lay together, holding each other, it felt natural to be lovers.
‘Why will our children be so important, Doella?’
‘I’ve seen them. One is pure and honourable like his father,’ she laughed, ‘you will be honourable one day. The other is evil and cruel, his opposite in every way. The wicked one will use his power to bring the lurking evil to the surface, and it’s his brother’s lot to oppose him, with our help. Sometimes we’ll win, but not always. We must keep the balance, or the ordained future will change. If that happens the linear passage to destiny will be altered. If changed too much, the future will end before it should and much forfeit. And not just this creation affected…’
Vrash saw the domino effect in his mother’s mind, and what it meant for life and all times. Not just for those who’d follow, but those who existed. His mind was too full of information and he only understood a part of what his mother showed him. He pulled away as if in pain.
‘You understand, don’t you?’ he said with surprise.
‘Sometimes, although most of the time, it’s a half-remembered dream. I’ve learned not to seek knowledge - it will find me when I need it.’
Vrash held her tighter. ‘It makes little sense, why can’t good prevail?’
‘It does make sense. Once the dragons were the worst evil in the universe, now they are no longer a threat. But something else arises, becoming more powerful. Our bad child will bring this poison to the surface and save millions of lives because our pure son recognises his influence and so fights it.’
‘Alone? Even with our help, it won’t be easy for him?’
‘There will be armies on both sides.’
‘And what about us - is this all we are?’
‘Isn’t it enough?’ Doella laughed. ‘We’ve many tasks to help our families prosper. What would you like to do?’
‘Make love to you.’
‘You must share. I’ve taken Core and Parsos to my bed too.’
‘And Hath?’
‘Hath?’ Doella sounded shocked.
‘Doella, we’ve joined, there has always been something between you. What is the difference between a son and a brother?’
‘Varan,’ she said, and he understood. ‘You understand about sharing me? Don’t forget when you get your blue crystal, I have two.’ But there was something she wasn’t telling him.
‘Would you mind sharing me, Doella?’
‘No’ she smiled and then laughed. ‘Wylane sleeps with other dragon females when he’s in the colonies. It is dragon nature and trying to stop it’d be futile. It is our way too.’
He made love to her again.
Her once easy friendship with Hath changed, sleeping with her son changed the dynamic between them. A more amenable Vrash would experience the wedding through Doella’s eyes and no longer insisted on meeting his Varan relatives. Doella and Hath were nervous, it was the day to visit their family.

Doella got off the bed she often shared with Vrash. His eyes followed her. ‘Aren’t you sated yet?’ she asked, ‘you make love as if you have your crystal.’
‘Does that mean I’ll get better?’
‘Probably.’
Vrash smiled. ‘How will you have time to do anything but make love?’
‘I sense your happiness your old lover is marrying your sister.’
‘I’m happy. I still love Takos and want him to be content. He didn’t want to stay with me - he wanted a typical Varan life with one wife and lots of children, and he couldn’t with me. Vacella looks like me - the way I used to, but inside we couldn’t be different. She will make my dear Takos a wonderful wife.’
‘Do you sleep with him?’
‘We agreed not to, but are the best of friends, as before our relationship became serious.’
Vrash saw Doella’s home on Varan through his mother’s eyes. The house was enormous and sprawled over a large area, displaying a juxtaposition of styles melded together. Surrounded by a variety of lovely grounds, both old and new. And market gardens, which supplied the family with fresh produce. There were so many people you were only alone in your room or if shared, in a hidden place in the greenery. The children shared bedrooms with siblings and cousins close to each other in age. It was not just Doella’s family home but shared by many interrelated families. Doella’s grandparents looked young and still bore children, and many of her aunts, sisters, and cousins did the same. Order existed within the apparent chaos, everyone shared the work of a house, which resembled a small village. At present, no one prepared for their Final Journey, but once they removed their bracelets, they’d be revered and cared for.
It fascinated Vrash. He saw the effect his mother had on her family, they were guarded, uncertain, and Doella sensed it. Yes, they loved Doella and Hath, but it was as if they didn’t belong anymore. He saw the flash of fear in her sister Vacella’s eyes when Doella arrived. She knows Takos still loves Doella, thought Vrash, but it didn’t stop gentle Vacella from holding her sister close for a moment after their kiss of greeting. Takos came towards them, and Vrash saw his love as he greeted old friends. He saw too how Takos and Vacella held hands, resolved their joining would be a success. Despite a lingering doubt, having Doella at the ceremony might cause an upset, though both parties had the best intentions, Takos decided to live here after his marriage and not return to his home. There was little room for expansion in his overcrowded family dwelling. Several of his siblings had applied to begin a new family home in the far provinces and off-world, and meek Vacella was loath to leave her family to join them. It didn’t matter to Takos, he knew this house as well as his own.

After greeting the many wedding guests, their parents led away the couple to special rooms deep in an ancient wood at the far end of the garden. The celebrations started with prose and poetry readings and soft live music. The proper feast started when they emerged from their total bonding a few days later. Until then their relatives were subdued, more by tradition than from actual fear, for death was rare now. Doella went back to the ship because her presence disturbed everyone, especially Takos’ family, but Hath remained.
Doella laid in Vrash’s arms, wondering why he loved more like Wylane than her other lovers. She’d go home to Astras soon and paradoxically, only he’d understand this new relationship. How things change, she thought, nothing remains the same, as much as we want it to. As she watched her son’s sleeping face on her breasts, she felt much love for him. He must learn to control his thoughts before he visited Coath, and he should return soon, as his adopted father asked about him. Vrash was right, she spent so much time making love she’d little occasion for anything else. Perhaps her proper destiny was to leave her many children to guide their universe, and it was up to them to make it a safer place. She could pretend, but she understood the truth - most of the responsibility was hers. She shivered for a moment, remembering her evil offspring. And fought against the disturbing feelings as she looked into the eyes of a child not yet born - not conceived.
Doella saw her mother in private. Prirella was concerned for her daughter, she understood everything. Prirella was past being shocked, but her hands fluttered to her mouth when her daughter showed the truth of her relationship with Vrash.
‘You believe this is a necessary part of this so-called plan for creation, but to enjoy it! My daughter, I sense your emotions!’ Prirella paced the room, being careful to stay in close vicinity to the Roz crystals until she regained her poise.
‘Mother, won’t you let me bring him here to meet you? He wants to see you.’
Prirella sat again. ‘I can’t, not yet. You ask me to visit Astras and your family, and even this dragon creature, but I’m frightened it might change me. Your father finds it harder to forgive you, although he’ll always love you. You don’t appear as our daughter any more. I was comparing you with Vacella - you once looked indistinguishable from each other, apart from your boisterous nature. Now it’s as if something inside you burns as bright as a sun and makes you too dazzling to stare at.’ Doella hung her head. ‘I’m sorry if it hurts you, but it’s the truth. Don’t you gaze in a mirror and see the accuracy of my words?’
‘No, I never look at my reflection.’
There was silence for a few moments, then Prirella said, ‘One day I’ll visit, but not yet, I’m not ready. Oh Doella, let me stroke my daughter’s hair.’
Doella sat at her mother’s feet as so many of her children sat at hers, and her mother ran her fingers through her hair.
‘Mother, I wish my life was different - that I married Takos instead of Vacella, and be as good and gentle as her. I pay a price for saving Varan, and it’s not as heavy a burden as you imagine. I love so much, with my brightness I burn with love. Even when young, I had many admirers, now I limit myself to those I consider my husbands. We Varan have double standards, it does not discourage unmarried woman to find lovers. I love all my dear offspring, and those who need extra love such as Wy and Screetha are doubly cherished. Rucella manages without me. She’s like you, practical and kind, and she has lots of children because she considers it her duty. I am proud of her.’
‘Doella, I am proud of you, but I don’t recognise you. No, let me rephrase it - I don’t understand what you’ve become. Your beauty is unnatural and your softness is gone, you are terrifyingly lovely. I wish you and Hath could stay home, but you must go.’
‘Yes, we need to leave. I hide from anyone who’s not my immediate family or an old friend. I’m not as dangerous as you think. It’s time for the feast. Vacella and Takos have emerged. I won’t attend, in case I spoil their day. No mother, don’t deny the thought hasn’t crossed your mind. I’ll come back for Hath when it’s over, and say my goodbyes.’
Doella and Hath said a nostalgic goodbye to Varan. They watched an unusual gaseous abnormality emitting a fantastically bright firework display - energies exploding at irregular intervals, displaying a myriad of extraordinary colours.
‘It was worth the trip, Doella,’ said Hath.
‘Yes, it’s relaxing after Varan. You miss home more than I do, don’t you?’

They were alone in the control room, for Vrash had retired to his quarters. He had deliberately left. With an effort, Doella detached her attention from the fireworks and poured wine made from their family’s harvest.
‘So you enjoyed seeing everyone?’ She asked the same question a different way.
‘Yes, very much. I miss home, although your father is harsh with you.’
‘Mother insists he still loves me, but I wonder.’
‘He does, it’s just…’
‘He’s disappointed in me? Strange, isn’t it? I’m given this power to be a force for good, and I disappoint my family. It’s time for a holiday to clear my palate of the taste of disapproving relatives. When you and Vrash finish here, I’ll take you back to Astras.’

Chapter 12
Vrash now lived in Doella’s house on Astras. He fitted in and no one was uncomfortable he was her son and her lover. Whatever spare time she had, Doella spent it with her daughter, Screetha. Dolar too loved the girl and determined she should fit in and be happy. Dolar was at last pregnant with Hath’s hominid child, thanks to the hard work of Sark and Carnos.
Dolar’s pregnancy was slower than her grandmothers. She had the baby in four months -  half the time it took a Varan, but too slow for her. She growled at first, unhappy to stay so long as a hominid, unable to stretch her dragon wings, but she agreed she must not risk the child. Wylane and Vrash were firm friends, and Wy tagged along with them. Wylane accepted Vrash was part of their lives. Vrash too grew in maturity. He enjoyed Wylane’s laconic humour, which was like his own. He knew he’d go again and look for his crystal, or let it find him. But Dolar was pregnant, and Hath didn’t want to leave. They decided Wy could go in his stead, and Vrash would teach him as Hath had Vrash.

Before Vrash left, Doella took him to visit Coath and his brother. With his mother’s help, he could keep the truth of his relationship with her from his adopted father. Coath could never understand, and Doella loved them both too much to hurt them. Vrash looked at Coath with fresh eyes. He saw why his mother loved this primitive. Not only was his father handsome in face and figure, but he had nobility, from his ancestors, kings like himself. His brother, Siro didn’t consider Doella anything more than his dear mother.
Coath was happy to see him after the long absence, but Vrash sensed the strain in their relationship, which Coath didn’t have with Siro. Coath was proud of how Vrash matured, and as he lay in Doella’s arms, he told her how pleased he was with his eldest son.
‘Coath, Vrash will not be coming back as your heir,’ said Doella, watching for his reaction.
‘I know, since the birth of Siro, I see how different they are. Siro will stay and help me govern, but what of Vrash?’
‘He is my heir and will become as I am, I don’t know when. When he does he’ll be able to come and go as he pleases without help.’ Doella saw fear in Coath’s eyes. ‘No, my dear, I’ll not leave you. You are my love and my holiday away from my world, and I’ll never give you up. When Vrash leaves on his journey again, I’ll spend more time here, and have another child, perhaps a daughter?’
‘Yes, but not a girl,’ he insisted. ‘If she turns out like you, she’d give me nothing but trouble. I’d prefer another boy so Siro understands about sharing, and the power he has won’t corrupt him.’
‘I understand, wise Coath, another son.’
Vrash couldn’t delay continuing his journey any longer, and Doella’s Black Ship took the small Rosarian vessel to a distant, unexplored part of the galaxy.
‘If you need me, call me and I’ll come. No more close calls, please. I’m going to look for the wild dragons to get them to join us. But first I must give Siro another brother to help replace you.’
She kissed Wy and Vrash and disappeared.
Apart from a few brief mental communications to reassure her, Doella didn’t hear much from her two sons. Vrash was busy teaching Wy the ship’s functions, and showing him the vast amounts of stored data, just as Hath had taught him. Wy was quick to learn.
They visited many planets, with no sign of sentient life, so they observed from a safe distance. Wy was eager for learning, but when Vrash told or showed him anything, he had the odd sense Wy already perceived. Vrash understood dragons had racial memories, and the wisdom implanted in their minds before birth by their parents, to be used as required, and he found it intriguing. He realised he’d the same images from Doella, for she was partly dragon. Wylane had sensed this, why he was jealous, only accepting his true destiny after seeing Doella’s dream.
Vrash now felt an urgency to find his blue crystal. He hadn’t before and resisted the urge to call Doella and ask her to take them home, knowing it’d be wiser to look for the crystal. Sometimes he dreamt of his father, and they’d walk on the flowers of the beautiful planet, which existed out of time. You are getting closer, elder Vrash whispered, although the words didn’t issue from his lips, you will fight for power. This is your way, your mothers is through love… but the results are the same.
He woke. Wy had seen his dream and came into his room.
‘I saw it too.’
‘My father is guiding us, and he says we are close. If I am forced to act, then I’ve chosen the right partner. Hath is a true Varan, concerned with his enemies’ well-being as much as his own.’
Wy’s eyes glistened. ‘Because I live to fight, and you’ve taught me about various weapons used on different worlds.’
‘Have I, brother?’ Vrash laughed, ‘Doella says I’ll realise when I’m near the crystal, and I mustn’t consider anything but the knowledge here,’ he pointed to his navel. ‘I’ll need your strength afterwards though because she said she too needed the support of her friends.’
‘Mother prepared me.’
Vrash stared out of the window and spoke to the missing crystal. ‘Where are you? The earlier I find you, the sooner I’ll  be with Doella again.’ He turned to his brother. ‘Come on let’s fight, and see if I’ll beat you without the aid of my enhancements.’
‘You can’t,’ grinned Wy.
‘Then enjoy it while you can.’
Vrash’s patience wore thin. They had visited several planets and found nothing.
As if to reassure him, Doella mind-spoke him, ‘Vrash I sense your frustration, be patient, this is your first lesson. How is Wy?’
‘He is incredible, he doesn’t get upset even when I’m in a temper.’
‘Dragon genes. Dragons can be very amenable until they get angry. I warned you Wy has a temper as bad as his fathers, didn’t I?’
‘I hear you, mother,’ Wy interjected.
‘Keep safe, both of you.’
Wy entered the control room where Vrash was sitting. ‘Sometimes I forget we are both Doella’s sons. We feel differently, to me she is my kind mother who makes me safe, and to you…’
‘She is my love, Wy, and I miss her. Why I want to finish this quest and go home.’
‘Which one, Vrash?’
‘My home is wherever Doella is.’
Dolar gave birth easily. The child was a boy and like Wy. The delighted parents resolved to have more children, and they urged their mother to do the same.
‘Not yet - I promised Coath too, and I must spend a few months there with our new baby. After that, there’s something to finish.’
Coath was overjoyed to see her stomach swelling with the child. So was Siro, for the family needed another addition now Vrash left.
She kept away from Vrash to make sure he remained focused on his task, but back on Ark, everything here reminded her of him.
‘How is Vrash?’ asked Coath, noticing her feelings.
‘He’s becoming a man.’
‘Vrash is different from Siro. Apart from their looks, you’d never believe they were brothers.’
Doella kept her mind empty. Deep down, where even Wylane couldn’t reach, she considered telling Coath the truth, but then decided on something else. I’ll Give him more sons so the pain is less when he finds out Vrash isn’t his son. When he finds you deceived him, he’ll not be happy.
‘Vrash, I’ve found a world with hominids,’ said Wy.
‘We’ve seen none in this sector until now. It’ll be interesting to get onto a planet and mingle with our kind.’
‘You mean your kind, brother,’ Wy reminded him 
‘I forgot your differences, Wy, we’ll cover your head and ears. You can keep your eyes downcast, long sleeves to deal with your hands, and wear boots. It’s much easier than having to change your appearance mentally.’
‘It’s nice of you to recall I’m not comfortable shape-changing. I prefer my form, although I must admit I enjoy using enhancers to fly like a dragon. Even Screetha does,’ he sounded sad.
‘Do you wish you’d been born a dragon?’ Vrash asked.
‘Sometimes, but then I recognise I’ve other talents dragons don’t, and I’m content.’
Vrash changed the subject. ‘What have you found on the planet?’
‘It’s an odd mixture. As well as hominids, who resemble you, there are pockets of other races. There’s no sign of automation, but old traces.’
‘Could the signatures be natural?’
‘No, they are by-products of technology… it’s interesting.’
‘Yes, it sounds it. Take us closer.’
Vrash watched Wy at work. Like a full dragon, his brother needed no bracelet or enhancer to change his appearance. He was both young and ancient. Vrash was pleased with him as his companion, reassured by Wy’s strength and instinctive wisdom, and he was a frightening warrior.
They didn’t land the ship on the planet but left it in orbit. Hath enjoyed the unexpected, eager to investigate, using his Varan powers to keep him out of trouble, knowing Doella would come to the rescue if danger threatened. But Wy did research and replicated the right clothes before they set foot on the surface. He wore a turban-like scarf around his head, as he had seen some natives do. His face was almost hominid, but longer and with smoother skin. He could change his startling dragon eyes if he mixed with people, and the scales to hair, but the turban saved him the energy drain.
They chose an area near one of the larger cities. All the houses had high mud-coated walls tinted yellow, cream, or pink. In a concealed bubble, they levitated over the wall instead of trying to pass the guards at the gate.
It’s an excellent choice of clothing, Wy. I told you we’d blend in… Are they telepathic? Vrash stopped and tried to focus.
Wy was quicker. Many of the population are empaths, and some may be.
I’ll be careful. This visit differs from my sojourns with Hath when all we were interested in was finding beautiful women. You differ greatly from our uncle.
I’m not as cold as you expect, brother, Wy said, I like women too, but not these, they are too fragile. I visit my dragon relatives for sex. He expressed it in such a matter-of-fact way so Vrash laughed.
With Hath, it was always for love, but you are looking for a fight.
My dragon part, Wy said. So why do you assume you’ve changed?
That’s a stupid question, Wy. I suppose it’s what passes for humour among your race.
It was Wy’s turn to laugh. My species is growing. You must get used to our sense of humour.
The city was called Baklan, and the world itself named Kee. The people were aware they inhabited a round sphere, but they didn’t understand the concept of the endless space surrounding the globe. It was the most interesting planet Vrash had visited. In Varan chronological estimation, it was late Iron Age, low tech, but on the brink of an industrial era. Judging by the signatures, Wy found once it was more advanced. There was a flourishing arts culture, and the individuals appeared complex. Intrigued, they stayed for a while to study this neglected Earth-type planet. The more they observed, the more it convinced them it was a Varan achievement. There was no similar life in this sector, including interlamina, and they were a long way from Varan or a Varos base. To add to the puzzle, not all the flora and fauna were consistent, which was a gross error as any foreign DNA could corrupt the sphere. The more they researched, the more puzzled they were.
Back on the ship, Vrash suggested the planet’s inhabitants arrived in spaceships, although he didn’t believe it. It was too remote for Earth peoples to get here without utilising sophisticated technology.
‘The genetic sequencing is very early Earth Varan - it’s hard to imagine they’d become advanced enough to find their way here.’ Wy said, agreeing with Vrash’s hypothesis - he was a meticulous researcher.
‘Any Varos commander would be proud to have you on his team,’ Vrash remarked, smiling.
‘Just because I look different, it doesn’t mean I’ve no Varan genes. I’m Doella’s son.’
‘So am I, but we’re not alike.’
‘You’ve other gifts from her, Vrash.’
‘Don’t remind me. The women are attractive, like Tatura, but more intelligent.’
‘Ah yes, she was the woman mother punished. I don’t know why you and Hath found her interesting.’
‘There wasn’t much else, the attraction soon wore off. There is more to a woman than just good looks.’
‘What’s your point, Vrash?’
‘I suppose I’ve changed. After Doella… well, let’s say other women don’t interest me as much.’
‘They have engineered you to be that way, Vrash, for a purpose. What you are saying is you miss mother.’
‘Yes, I do.’
‘So do I, she’s experienced and knows Earth-forming. If she were here now, she’d help us.’
‘She is wise, but I see her as a beautiful woman, and when I make love to her, it’s as if I become a part of creation. For those few moments I sense everything, and afterwards, although I can’t remember, I can’t wait to feel that way again.’
‘This explains why her lovers are faithful to her.’
‘Yes, I suppose it does. There are only two exceptions - Wylane mates with other dragons when he visits Wylar… and Takos believes he can do without her.’
‘Believes?’
‘I looked at him through Doella’s eyes when he married Vacella.’
Wy saw in his mind what Vrash noticed. ‘Now who is wise?’
Vrash shook his head. ‘I’ll leave wisdom to you and Doella.’
Doella left the baby, Closn, with his father Coath and went back to Astras. As usual, her family were glad to see her, although she told them she could not stay long as she had unfinished business with Zyl and the other wild dragons. Screetha took over as Doella’s chief confidant as Dolar was busy with her offspring and helping to raise Doella’s too. She was determined her grandmother would add to the Wyan hybrids, and Doella, understanding Dolar’s wish to make them a self-sufficient race, agreed to help.
‘Well Dolar, how many Wyan children do you and my brother intend to produce?’ Doella asked her beloved granddaughter as she caressed her swelling stomach.
‘You are the Earth-former, grandmother, and as you know it takes several couples to populate a colony. I want them able to stand-alone and not always beholden to their dragonkin.’

Screetha’s gentle voice reached them. She spoke prophetically, as she often did.
‘They will offer power and be a force for good when it appears evil will crush much of the positive in the universe. Because of them, our time won’t diminish before it should.’ Dolar and Doella looked at each other. They were used to gentle Screetha’s foresight. Dolar asked what her words meant. ‘I see them fighting alongside your good son, mother. They will amplify his strength when the numbers are on evil’s side. Both male and female Wyan will become mighty warriors… but not me. My path is different.’
But Doella wondered what her last words meant. ‘“Diminish before it should,” sounds familiar.’
‘Yes, you know its meaning. If we don’t complete our cycle, the one after will be diminished, and the next. If the process continues, it will eventually mean no more cycles and no creation. Already we are fighting past mistakes. Every error our other selves made shortens the time here, and it’s hard to win it back. It means one day there will be no more time - it will be created and destroyed too fast for life to develop. And then there’ll be no new creation, ever.’ Doella sensed a sharp agony in her heart. ‘Of course, you understand, mother. Everything is inside you, and all the Doellas live again in you.’

Doella couldn’t speak or breathe as terrible pain overwhelmed her. Screetha and Dolar rushed to her aid. Mentally she said to them, ‘It is as if it crushed my heart.’
‘It hasn’t,’ insisted Dolar.
The pain halted. Screetha put her arm around her mother and held her close. ‘I’m fine,’ Doella continued, ‘it was as if something entered my soul.’
Screetha nodded. ‘It was an eternity.’
Doella recovered herself and took a deep breath. ‘When I get back from searching for Zyl and the other dragons, I’ll create more of these fine warriors, I promise.’
‘Yes, mother, more fighters for the good. Something inside you has changed, mother,’ said Screetha. Dolar felt it too.
‘I can no longer live for myself and my pleasures, I must endure for my children too. Many of them will play more important roles in this life-cycle than I.’
‘You’ve always lived for us all,’ insisted Dolar.
‘No, not at first, I had children for many selfish reasons. I was bored, or I wanted to make my lovers part of one big happy family - my family. I was selfish and although I’ll always be my family’s guardian and help maintain the status quo, it is my children’s task to create the future, not mine. I will be mother to many…’
‘As you are now,’ insisted Screetha. ‘It is your path.’
‘I know I’ll be the last one left alive. They’ll die before me, even Vrash.’
‘A mother’s greatest pain,’ agreed Screetha.

Chapter 13
As soon as she weaned Pars, a Wyan, she left him with Dolar, who had months to go before the birth of her next child. She said goodbye to her loyal husbands, who were resigned to their strange fate of being the fathers of Doella’s many children, and followed her ever-growing wish to visit the great Cael.
It had become an obsession since the time with Screetha when she sensed the awful pain in her heart. Every dragon knew of The Cael, the oldest. But never before had Doella felt the need to seek her out, and speak with her. Her ask surprised Wylane, but he agreed to take her. Screetha accompanied them, wearing her enhancers so she could fly like a dragon. Together they left Astras to meet the Old One.
Doella understood where to locate her - in a far, cold area of space with few viable suns and even fewer planets. These barren worlds were covered in ice or bare rocks moving on their endless journey through space. The Cael’s ruined world had little atmosphere, only a dragon could live in such a place.
They landed outside her lair. Doella and Wylane remained in their dragon forms, but 
Screetha changed back into her shape. Respecting their daughter’s instincts, they said nothing. 
Cael tried not to wake, but her uncharacteristic impatience to meet Doella woke her.
So Doella, you come at last. I’ve been expecting you.
Yes, Cael, I know.
Come inside.
Screetha followed her mother and Wylane took up the rear. In his true form, he possessed strength, power, majesty, and his dragon beauty. The Cael was smaller than they expected, and her once golden, glittering scales had lost their vibrant lustre.
Doella, even her telepathic voice was tarnished with antiquity. They say you are frighteningly beautiful, as both a dragon and hominid - but are you hominid or dragon.
As the great Cael knows, I am both and neither.
I am the oldest creature alive and yes, I understand who you are. You are the pivotal force, the one I’ve been waiting for so I can pass on my vast knowledge before I die.
Wylane and Screetha were surprised at her words, but Doella was not. It was you who entered my soul, wasn’t it?
I was there, but not alone. Those were memories passed onto me when I was born ages ago. We bless your daughter Screetha with the sight to help you. Your task is too vast for you to live with that pain too. One day circumstances will force you to assume the role for yourself. And here is Wylane, always protective. How handsome you are, hybrid. I regret my vanished youth.
Great Cael, he said, and lowered his head in respect.
I am more than ready for death. I realise the dragon children of Doella and Wylar will replace my race. Again, pain crushed Doella’s heart. Ah, your perfect love - he was lost, but you have his son. Wylane is like his father, but he is not Wylar. You still seek him, and yet you’ve found him, although you don’t wish to acknowledge it, for that meant accepting he is hidden to this world and will never return. Doella lowered her head and a large tear dropped from each eye and froze into ice before it reached the ground. Doella, your life is just beginning, and as it changes, so will you. These changes will strengthen not diminish you. Your beauty, so necessary to your success, to endure. The Cael gave a mental smile. Now and then, another “holiday” occurs, and for a while, you’ll pretend you are a simple Varan girl, not Mother until time ends. No more guilt, your essence is a dragon and you can never be that Varan girl again, except in your imagination. She paused and turned her head to look at Screetha. Come here, little one. Screetha looked small beside the three dragons as she moved forward to stand before The Cael. Screetha, you too have a significant task to do. Dolar has a path to follow. You will be your mother’s guide and friend. Hold her when she sorrows, be glad for her when she is content. You will know love too, but it will be fleeting and bittersweet. Screetha lowered her eyes, and The Cael turned to Wylane. Wylane, loyal husband of Doella, you know your final task. Love and cherish her for as long as you live. Doella, Zyl is aching for you as he tries to bring the others to the safety of the dragon brood. He’s been close to destruction on many occasions, although some follow his reasoning. He’ll sacrifice himself to achieve his goal until then, be kind to him. Show him what love is, so he can tell the other Wild Ones. For love is the greatest force in the universe, and the absence of it, its dark reflection. Both can create and destroy worlds and times and races. Wylane knows he is secure and loved as your dragon husband, and he fears no rivals. She paused. Doella, I am tired and ready to surrender this time.

Wylane, Screetha, please leave us, said Doella. They did as she asked, and Doella changed back into her own form.
Tiny against the great bulk of The Cael, Doella walked up to the old golden dragon and stood close beside her. Doella, the too-beautiful, come now and give me peace. I will see you again.
Doella touched her head with her hand and it was over. Cael was gone, body and soul, and Doella lay asleep as her mind accepted yet another burden. Wylane came and lifted her in one great claw and Screetha in the other, and took them back to Wylar, so Doella could recover. Both he and Screetha felt the transfer of information from the old dragon into Doella’s mind, but not the content. Wylane realised it gave Doella more to bear, but she coped with it better than usual. He refused to leave her side.
As usual, she slept for three days. Screetha came in to ask how her mother was. ‘She is sleeping,’ her father said, ‘until she has processed the information the great Cael gave her.’
She’s been given a considerable gift, Screetha said, sitting beside him.
And she will share some of it with you. It’s kind of you to join my vigil, Screetha.
What I was born for, father.
Yes. I’m realising how little I know. I used to believe my instinctive dragon wisdom was all I needed, but I was wrong. I’ve changed since I saw your mother’s dream. How many lives have I lived before, and how many will I live in the future? Did my father always die, never to stay with Doella? It saddens me.
The Varan part of you.
Yes, daughter.
You grieve for your father’s loss, even though if he had lived, he’d be the one here with Mother, not you.
‘I realise.’
As usual, Doella awoke stronger and imperceptibly changed. She explained to Wylane, The Cael had a long, long life, and much wisdom, most she already possessed for she was formed with it. She was the first dragon, but how was she born and who were her parents? If anyone asked, she pretended she didn’t know the answer, but she did. She was reborn from her ancient body in a new universe with an egg inside her, and she birthed her own mate and they started the dragon race. There was nothing else organic, only elements forming out of the gas clouds before the suns and planets came together. She fed her children on the energy of creation, why you are powerful.
Which creates more questions than it answers, Doella?
Yes, where did she come from? All her life she understood what would happen to her race, and she lived with the knowledge for so long.
She waited for you.
Again and again, so many times. I can see it all, even her first awareness. ‘Oh…!’
‘Doella?’
‘A power inside,’ she touched her heart, ‘as if it sealed a pathway to stop me from using it. Wylane, aid me. Even with Wylane’s help, she couldn’t find a way in. But if the block was to ward off this knowledge, or something else, they realised the final truth. ‘I am The Cael, I was The Cael, and I will be The Cael. My dead body will be reborn with our last child still inside me, held by stasis. I die when the universe ends and am reborn when it lives again. Oh Wylane, it’s too much, help me!’

He did by taking her mind in his until she calmed herself and accepted what she knew to be true.
‘Was I meant to know so soon, I wonder? My dear love, will I ever be the same again? I must find Zyl,’ she raised her face to his.
‘I too have questions which need answering. Did my father always die like that? I understand there are differences every time we live, and this frightens me.’
‘Yes, Wylane, it worries me too.’

Screetha left her parents alone as Doella roused from sleep. She knocked and entered, and Doella held out her arms to her. ‘My dear daughter, I have a present for you, a burden if you’ll bear it for me - a gift of clarity.’
‘Yes, mother, you, and father will keep me safe.’

Doella transferred the information, Screetha lost consciousness. Her father picked her up and took her to her room. Doella followed them.
‘Why am I sad when I look at her gentle face?’ Doella said.
‘Because you believe according to your standards, her life will be incomplete, but it’s her life, not yours.’
‘I wonder who her love is. I have much love for our daughter, so want to protect her from unhappiness, which leads to pain. I’ve known unhappiness, but great joy too because of my family, and perhaps she’ll never realise love.’
‘You need food, Doella and Parella are eager to see you, I’ll stay with Screetha.’
Doella kissed his cheek. ‘Thank you. When she wakes, I’ll find Zyl and bring as many of them as I can into our family.’
‘It won’t be easy.’
‘I must try. I hope we save some of them.’
‘There will be a fight, Doella, it can’t be avoided.’
Screetha recovered well, but it took a week. Doella, with The Cael’s skills augmenting her own, soon located Zyl, and he begged to meet her. Wylane and Screetha accompanied her, her daughter insisting she needed to be there. Wylane was resigned to whatever followed, for how could The Cael not want all her children to survive.
The chosen planet was pleasant to Doella’s eyes. Although there were no large mammalian life forms, there were abundant plants inhabited by small insects. And avian and saurian life. Its sun shone brightly, and the multi-coloured flowers attracted the fauna to them. Doella sat under a wide shady tree and waited for Zyl to arrive. She soon heard the beat of his wings, and he changed his form as he landed near her.
She let him know what The Cael had given her, and he recoiled as he approached.
‘Why did she give it to you?’ he was confused and angry.
Doella kept her secret. ‘I didn’t ask her for it - she hasn’t betrayed you. It’s what is meant to be, can’t you understand?’
‘No, you are not a dragon!’
‘Aren’t I? What is the alternative, we are dreaming everything? Open your mind, Zyl.’
‘It doesn’t matter what I think - the others will believe you usurped The Cael’s memories.’
‘Sit down,’ she said in a motherly way, patting the ground beside her. ‘Let’s concentrate on the future now, not The Cael’s long past.’
‘Wylane is close.’
‘Yes.’
‘He has changed, he no longer hates me.’
‘No, Zyl, like me he is resigned to whatever our futures’ hold.’
‘I have no future. I will die because of you.’
‘No.’
‘Yes, you realise fate has decreed I lose my life. Doella, you are killing me even now. My lust for you has made me blind, but I am not to my destiny.’
‘Don’t listen to the voices whispering to you. It’s not true. I’m offering the Wild Ones a home with my family. The females are only sterile because of their contact with the diseased eggs. It hasn’t affected the males. You can mate with my children, produce sons and daughters, and fly to feed with your offspring.’
Zyl roared as if in pain. She let him finish. ‘I have no future. Doella, this is my last chance, give me a child. Not a dragon child, a hominid,’ he repeated, ‘as we loved.’
She was shocked at his request. All her hominid children were born of devotion. She felt sorry for Zyl, fond even, but she didn’t love him. Then she sensed an emotion, it came from Screetha, she was breathless, expectant. Doella understood why.
‘I agree, on one proviso, bring the willing dragons here to me.’
‘No, I have only now. Ask your girl child.’ She knew he meant Screetha. ‘The others followed me, and if you cast your mind out you will sense them. Eight came with me. Eight out of twenty, all left of our once noble race. One female has come, the rest are males, and she hopes you might help her. The twelve who’d destroy us are close. Give me an offspring.’
‘But a hominid?’
‘I’m not mad. I feel a great urge to procreate before I die. If I was going to live, I’d ask for an egg too and fly the skies with the swarm.’
She decided and mind-called Wylane and Screetha to inform them. Wylane accepted her decision without comment and flew up, prepared to counter any potential threat.
‘I am ready, Zyl.’
‘You do not love me, Doella, but for this brief time pretend, so my end won’t be useless.’
‘You need not die.’
‘Yes, I do, ask Screetha and she will tell you it’s my fate. I see my death in her mind.’
As they made love, they merged minds. Doella sensed nothing in Zyl’s but hazy darkness and then a falling as he released his sperm as if he were near his end.
‘Zyl, there’s no need for this. I can save you.’
‘No, do not risk our child. He must be born.’
‘Can you sense him, Zyl?’
‘Yes, his mind is forming. What power you possess. The decision we made to join you is right. I die knowing I’ve helped to preserve the last of our pure race.’
She had to tell him the truth about The Cael. His eyes burned with emotion and he laughed aloud. ‘So you are the Mother of all. Thank you for your knowledge. I honour you, Great One.’
She hugged him with genuine feeling, grieving although he still lived. ‘Thank you, Zyl. If I only save a few of my first offspring from extinction I will be happy, and your reward is our children,’ she touched her swelling stomach, ‘you have your egg too.’
He knew she spoke the truth for he could sense two minds inside her. She’d carry the egg in stasis until after the birth of the hominid child.
Wylane called out to her. I have the seven with me, but they’ve been followed.
They landed as dragons. Zyl and Doella changed. Zyl, with dragon speed, made the introductions. Then Fesham, the largest and oldest of them, came forward. Dragon language was not in words, and he attempted to communicate in hominid words out of respect. He was unused to it, and it sounded strange in Doella’s mind. She realised it was his version of an olive branch.
Doella, our nemesis - we eight accept your offer to let us breed with your offspring. We seven are young virile males and need to reproduce.
A smaller female came. I am Spracal and hope the destroyer of my fertility can help to restore it.
I am pleased you’ve come, said Doella, I believed you hated me so much none of you’d take my offer.
Another male stepped forward. Wild dragon customs were even more formal than those of her children were.
I, Nascal, accept it too. If my sperm is not wasted on barren ground, I must go with you and take your females as mates. We can live long and fight and feed, but without the joy of our young learning to soar the skies of many worlds, my life is meaningless.

Zyl stood behind Doella, she noticed they held him in contempt, they could see what formed inside Doella.
So Zyl has channelled his sperm into you. Are we to do the same? Fresham was contemptuous of Zyl’s desire for this false dragon.
Doella answered in like fashion. No Zyl deserves this child. He was brave enough to harangue you when you wanted his death.

Wylane stepped forward as if the claim Doella. He was larger than any of them, and he exuded power. Doella is my spouse and as she says, Zyl deserved this kindness. You will mate with dragon kind as you should, but first, we must fight. When we are successful, we will go Wylar, where you have the choice of many females, but not my wife.
They took to the skies, except for Doella, who made sure Screetha was safe from the harmful effects of dragon fire. Doella changed back into her real form. ‘Will he die?’ she asked. Screetha nodded. ‘How does he know with such certainty?’
‘The Cael told him, mother.’
‘Yes, I remember,’ said Doella, ‘but what of these children I carry?’
‘The egg will be a fine dragon like her father. The Wyan won’t stay with us, but spend his long life travelling in one of the Rosarian ships you give him.’
‘Can’t I save Zyl, Screetha?’
‘No mother, leave it, you don’t love him.’
‘I feel kindly towards him.’
‘It’s for the best you understand and so does he. You’ve your own family and Zyl knows he wouldn’t be happy seeing you with my father.’
‘It’s the dragon way to fight, whether you live or die. They trust in their fates, but why should I believe he’s going to his death when I can prevent it?’ Doella kept her Varan reasoning.
‘No mother, don’t do it. If you let him live, it’ll change the fate of the one you carry inside you from its ordained course. He will only take that way because of what happens here today, because he senses his father die, and always remembers his pain. He will save many lives on those long travels of his.’
Doella understood. ‘He is your love?’
‘Yes, but he can’t stay with me and I can’t go with him, and our child will blame us both and hate us.’
Doella saw what her daughter did and wept for her two mismatched children.
She heard Wylane’s shout in her mind. Doella, they are coming! She threw one of her blue force fields around Screetha and then changed into her dragon form and flew to join Wylane.
Doella still had control over her emotions and was reluctant to kill - why Zyl lay dead on the world below, and her unborn child knew it too. She was loath to use her blue flame, it was too destructive, too cruel, and she hoped some might change their minds. The dragons battled around her with slashing claws and teeth. Wylane protected Doella’s back when a large female ripped Zyl’s wing. It was death unless someone aided their fall, because of the gravitational attraction of the planet below. Doella started after him, but the same female came for her too. Doella fought with tooth and talons, ripping the old one’s eye with a decisive strike. She’d let Zyl die, and her anger mounted. Enough! she shouted mentally. This is the ultimatum. Those who wish to live, get behind me.

One of the males who’d fought with them changed his mind and rejoined the Wild Ones, but the one who had attacked Doella blasted him. He escaped her fire but was unsure what to do. Doella urged him to return to them, but he refused. So Doella attacked the big female, this time breathing her blue fire. The dragon screamed in agony and as Zyl fell onto the world below. The others rushed at Doella and it was soon over, they died in horrific pain. Doella mourned for the wasteful loss of life. She sensed the bewilderment of the Wild Ones who stayed with her. The young female was badly injured and Doella helped her to the planet. The others followed. They saw many fires burning below. She asked Wylane to extinguish them, and he took the unharmed dragons to help.
Doella changed her form and healed Spracal. The others healed themselves, and out of respect for the blue-breathing dragon, changed into hominids too. Gather to me, she said, and hold hands. Next moment they were on Wylar and Parella came up the hill to meet them.
Doella, Wylane, and Screetha didn’t stay long on Wylar. Parella and the others could teach their ways to the Wild Ones and help them adjust. Spracal recovered, and thanks to Doella, no longer sterile. She thanked Doella for both gifts of life. Doella lamented the cruel twist of fate - she could’ve cured the females, but if they’d known, most wouldn’t come to her for help.
Enjoy your eggs, Spracal, and your new life.

Chapter 14
Vrash and Wy stayed in Baklan a few months. They were reluctant to leave because they found hidden and forgotten libraries, full of ancient data books preserved in operant, atmospherically controlled, artificial caverns.
While Wy read anything he could lay his hands on, Vrash was interested in the technical manuals of an archaic race. Why were these treasure-troves no longer used, buried far beneath the city? Why had they blocked up the passages to their past, and why this theme of denial? Both men pored over their latest finds. When one discovered something of significance, they’d pass it to the other. Vrash found an old set of paper books - an early storing system. Having been kept in stasis, they were still intact. Wy, with his dragon genes, didn’t need to open them to know what they contained. He picked it up and scanned it, retrieving its material as if it were a data disc.
It impressed Vrash. ‘You are amazing, Wy. The information isn’t stored electronically how do you do it?’
‘It’s easy, you might do it too. Let me show you.’ He inserted the knowledge into Vrash’s mind.
‘Oh, how strange - how? I don’t have dragon genes.’
‘Perhaps - but your capacities exceed those of most Varan or Hyclos.’
‘Do they? I’ve never thought about it. I’m nothing like the Wyan, either.’
‘We do many things a dragon does, but it’s harder for us to shape-change, and we can’t fly without enhancers or exhale fire.’
‘Yes, a full dragon wouldn’t sit here with me pouring over another race’s history. They believe it beneath their notice.’ Vrash grinned.
‘Our Varan heritage, the part which asks questions and looks for answers, as you do.’
‘We’ll finish here soon, Wy. I’ve had enough of studying for a while. I’m looking forward to exploring the rest of this planet. Who knows what else we might find.’
‘We are lucky they kept these caverns. From what I’ve read until five hundred years ago, any technology was considered witchcraft and they cruelly put anyone who used it to death. There’s a long way to go, but it looks as if they are re-emerging from their primitive ways. Someone who wished to preserve their heritage blocked these passages when things went crazy, otherwise, this would’ve been destroyed.’ Wy hadn’t discovered the person’s identity, and it intrigued him.
‘Even at their peak they weren’t advanced,’ Vrash mused, ‘but they enjoyed comfortable lives. There’s no mention of space travel, odd considering their other accomplishments. If they aren’t indigenous, how did they get here? They are Earth-based, but far away from any Varos base or any other Earth civilisation. They’d need a sophisticated craft to get out here, but there’s nothing exciting in the manuals other than the latest hovercar.’
‘Yes, it’s strange, Vrash. I wonder who could’ve brought them here.’ Wy changed the subject. ‘How does your navel feel?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Do you feel as if your crystal may be near?’
‘No.’
‘Should we leave this world?’
‘Not yet.’
Wy nodded to himself. ‘That’s the next best thing.’
‘You are talking in riddles.’
‘Just a thought. You are keen to stay here, and it’s obvious the populace of this planet was brought here by an advanced race long ago… but why? Perhaps to guard something left behind - a blue crystal, for example.’
‘You are plucking at straws, Wy. There are no myths or stories in any of these books, which suggest it. The city people have old fairy tales, but nothing to connect them to this.’
‘Then we’ll stay and check out more settlements.’
‘Fine, I haven’t given up searching for my crystal, Wy. It means everything to me, and Doella. After I find it, I go home for good.’
Wy agreed to leave the ship in orbit and to travel without bubbles. They’d raised Vrash on a similar planet, and he wanted the sun on his head and sand and rock beneath his feet. Wy was less keen, but he let his brother have his way. They walked a well-kept road to the port town of Baklan. The sea fascinated Vrash since his mother had shown him his first ocean, and he was interested in travelling by water to another port further down the coast. Wy thought him mad when they could be there in moments instead of days or even weeks, but as always, he indulged his brother. Many of the local men wore turbans, so Wy’s appearance blended in with them. Long sleeves covered up his lack of fingers, and boots concealed his toes.
As they trudged along through the dust, they had to avoid the cattle-drawn carts, which transported goods in and out of the city. Vrash’s mind kept wandering to Doella. After one close call with a furious drayman, Wy grew angry with him.
Vrash, he insisted, the blue crystal isn’t being given to you so you and mother can produce very peculiar twins. You must aid her with what she does.
Vrash laughed aloud. Wy, what do you intend to do for the rest of your life?
Study and fight, fight and study. Help our family on Astras and Wylar. Become better at everything I do.
Marriage?
Perhaps.
If you married another Wyan, it’d be a sister or cousin, wouldn’t it - at least for the present?
Yes, just as dragons mate with close relatives, so will I. Unlike other races, it won’t weaken our genes.
Have you ever wondered why the wild dragons, for all their valour and intelligence, never built cities, Wy?
Why should they? They didn’t need them. Besides, it would’ve hastened their end, he added. ‘Nobody knew where they lived or when they’d strike. Another guardian might wipe them out.
As he spoke the words, the last dragon fight was over.
Doella gave birth to Zyl’s hominid. She named him Bradagan and then gave him to Dolar to wean. Doella found herself a suitable cave on Astras and, turning dragon in her makeshift lair, she allowed an egg to form from Zyl’s stored sperm. After sleeping for her usual two days, she expelled it and turned herself back into her shape.
Zyl, if you can hear me, here is our daughter, a female to pass on your inheritance. You won’t die in her heart nor your sons, they will honour you as a hero.
The sea journey to the next major town took a while, with stops for water and fresh fruit on the way. Vrash worked with the sailors, learning their skills and enjoying the hard work. His strength and agility astounded his shipmates. Wy remained in their cramped and stuffy cabin, only emerging into the fresh air when food was served. He was obsessed with the information he’d read and was using his pocket scanner to access the circling ship’s database. He wouldn’t tell Vrash what he was researching, only remarking he was cross-referencing entries from the library. Vrash stopped asking him what he was up to, enjoying life at sea. He dived off the ship to go swimming, as fond of water as his mother. The sailors never went into the water above waist height. They believed Vrash was as half-mad as he was half-wise. He left the room to Wy, preferring to sleep on deck under the bright stars with the others. The warm weather grew hotter as they moved south. At last, they reached the port of Shale. Vrash said a lively goodbye to his friends, and he and Wy looked for somewhere to live.
This region was so hot most of the inhabitants slept during the afternoon. The town only came alive at sunset, or during the early morning when the food markets opened. Now, as night fell, the city stirred again as the taverns and eating stalls did. They found a small, furnished house to rent. It was a private place, the kind Wy liked, surrounded by thick high walls. The windows were shuttered and opened onto the paved internal courtyard not the street. There was no running water, just a pump in the yard. And a covered hole in a far corner to tip sewage. But no matter how much water was sluiced down, it smelled in the heat.
Wy studied. Vrash, now tanned and looking healthy and happy, and more mature, sat at a table dreaming about Doella. Wy decided it was time to tell his brother what had been keeping him so busy. ‘I’ve been examining this planet, using the ship’s scanner with the information we got from the library. Of all the planets we’ve visited, this is the most promising - an old civilisation reduced to a low-tech existence. Not indigenous, and with no similar races in the locality. No indications of any space-faring ability…’
‘You think the crystal’s here, don’t you?’
‘I can’t be sure, but we should check. The crystals are hidden underground. From what I saw in the library and from the scans, there are few deep systems accessible from the surface. But I’ve found tribes living in the interior, inside an enormous cave system. They are aggressive warriors, despised by the hard-working people along the coastal strip. They raid the smaller towns, and sometimes this city, taking their women and their supplies. They live to fight and respect only those who do the same.’
‘And I must fight to win my crystal!’
‘Exactly. It’s a tenuous possibility, so don’t get your hopes up, but worth a visit, wouldn’t you say?’
Doella’s egg was hatching. She decided, she’d take the little dragon to Wylar to feed and leave her to be guided by Parella and the others.
Screetha found her alone in her garden. ‘So much happiness around you and yet you are still unhappy, dear mother.’
‘Yes, as if being a mother is all I am.’
‘You imagine you’ve turned into what you despise - a Varan woman producing many offspring for the betterment of her race.’
‘And more to come. I promised Dolar.’
‘You know your life will be far longer than any Varan. This lifetime is only a small part of the whole.’
‘All this breeding and politics. Why must people argue over the smallest thing? Screetha, by Varan standards, I’m still young and I want my youth back!’
‘Who is arguing? None of my race, I hope?’
‘No, it’s the new city council. Row is too busy to see to everything, and Rucella tells me the elected body can’t settle on anything. She wants me to intervene, but Row doesn’t believe I should.’
‘Row is right, but I agree they shouldn’t expect you to look at everything. Leave it to Core to sort out, I’ll speak to him.’
‘Would you? Thank you, Screetha, I’m not thinking clearly at present.’
‘Mother, you’ve achieved so much, and I for one am grateful for my life. Your negative feelings continue for many reasons, not just those you recognise, like the useless death of Zyl. You brought the willing wild dragons to join us, and you joined with The Cael - which changed everything.’
‘Yes, it was a great shock. Do you ever wonder how the same spirit can exist alongside itself? I do.’
‘Perhaps why many societies believe in a god to make the hard questions disappear. Isn’t that what you think too?’
‘Sometimes, I still have doubts as to my reality, but believing in an all-powerful god would explain the unexplainable. Vrash the elder couldn’t answer all my queries.’
‘You ask too many questions, you never accept what is.’
‘As you do?’
‘I have a normal life span.  I know what I must do, and I’ll do what’s expected of me - as you expect.’
‘You mean as The Cael?’
‘No, as you. When will the egg hatch?’ Screetha changed the subject.
‘Tomorrow.’
‘Then after your trip to Wylar, why not disappear, and get away? Don’t go to Coath, find a new planet, indulge yourself, play games as you used to do on your own Earth. We can manage without you. I’ll help Dolar with the children.’
‘Games, Screetha?’
‘Games, mother.’
Zyla hatched, fed with her mother, and grew fast. Wylane stayed on Wylar. Like his daughter, he knew Doella needed time on her own to forget her responsibilities before Vrash returned and her life became more complicated.

Chapter 15
Shale, like Baklan, fascinated Vrash. The crew from the ship left some weeks ago. At first, he missed his new friends and their boisterous drinking bouts. After they were gone, he walked the streets of the city until he knew every food and drink stop. Wy, who was bent on solving his theory, spent most of his time on their orbiting ship, scanning the surface for any possible entrances to the caverns he’d discovered.
Wy joined his companion for a rare evening meal at the house. Vrash had brought a good assortment of the best foods and beers, even rare wine, and he was disappointed Wy didn’t fully appreciate his efforts.
‘Isn’t the food to your liking, Wy? You haven’t touched your beer.’
Wy looked at his brother and smiled. ‘I know I’ve been a bit obsessed lately and I’m sorry, but you know my character. I work until I succeed, not for my advantage but my brothers.’
‘Now I feel guilty. You are working so hard and I’ve been enjoying myself.’
‘Your temperament resembles our mothers. You will deal very well together - although she is also an excellent scholar. The meal is delicious. I won’t tell you how my work progresses until we’ve finished dinner if you will listen to me for a while afterwards.’
‘Agreed.’
After the meal, they sat on the low roof, where it was cooler. Many of the inhabitants slept on their roofs in the hot weather instead of inside the stuffy houses.
Vrash quaffed down a mug of beer and said, ‘So have you found anything interesting?’
‘Yes, I have. I’ve counted ten different tribes living in the interior and assessed many of their customs. They all live underground away from the heat. These caverns are mainly natural but many have been altered to make life more comfortable. There are many underground rivers but these dry up on occasion, hence the raids on the towns. All the towns on the coast have regular rain, and the inhabitants are sensible and have constructed underground reservoirs to prevent evaporation. When the rivers dry up, they still have a plentiful supply. Because of the raids, most of the richer men send their nubile daughters north to marry friends and relatives and hide their wives as best they can. But the tribesmen are fierce, and the armed servants of these men cannot always successfully defend them, and the prettier women are taken by the bandits. There is a saying here, “an ugly wife is a blessing.” In some respects, the poorer people in the crowded city manage a little better, as there are more hiding places in the older streets.’
‘I’ve heard the stories. But why do you stay on the ship when you can study the situation at first hand down here?’
‘Vrash, I am doing my best to find your crystal.’
‘But you can’t find it, can you? I doubt if it’s here. What makes you so sure it is?’
‘If you were not so obsessed with being with mother, you would feel what I feel.’
‘And what do you feel?’
He pointed to Vrash’s navel. ‘You think it is only your desire for Doella, but it is more, something subliminal, and it wasn’t there before we came to this planet.’
‘It’s a big planet, with lots of different races on the other continents. It could be anywhere, I agree, but if it is here - yes if I concentrate I can detect something like a buzzing, which I only hear in the peace of the night.’
‘As I said before, the only accessible caves are here on this continent. The other caves are mainly deep lava streams. Mother always found her crystals deep underground, but always in some kind of habitation. Listen to what your body tells you, Vrash.’ Vrash attempted, but the harder he tried the less he could feel, and he quickly gave up. ‘Your desire weakens you if I wasn’t here you’d never find the crystal.’
‘Mother said she always knew where to look.’
‘Yes, but the first time, she’d no idea what she was looking for, only she was guided to a goal she had to reach. The second time, she obtained the information from the dragons.’
Vrash nodded. ‘So where are we going, and what must I do?’
‘Your father said you would have to fight for your crystal. The only fighters here dwell among these tribes.’
‘All right, it makes sense. When do we leave?’
‘I am not walking all the way, Vrash.’
‘Fine, we will transport from the ship to a central point and see if my navel tells us where to go. But we’d better inform mother.’
Doella was about to leave for Wylar with Zyla.
‘Be careful,’ she answered, ‘I will come if you need me, but Vrash must do this himself, though I agree he needs your help, just as I needed the help of my friends.’
Doella located an Earth which retained a fully functioning Varos base, and which had a similar topography to her own Earth. Even better, it was at the era where Doella had had the most interesting time as an anthropologist - when humans were taking their first steps towards self-reliance. She disguised her signature and went to explore the base to relive old memories.
There was still Varan on the base, two of each sex. She found one of the men attractive, and the feeling increased when she discovered he was the anthropologist. Already Doella felt better, renewed, and refreshed. He was going on world soon, and after reading his mind, Doella decided to follow him. He felt her but didn’t realise she was in his mind.
‘What’s wrong, Lansdow?’ one of the women asked, seeing him shake his head.
‘I felt odd for a moment, almost dizzy.’
She reached for a scanner. ‘Yes, it is odd. The areas of your brain which process your memories just experienced a minute overload.’
‘An overload?’
‘Well, a download, really.’
‘As if someone read my mind?’
‘Perhaps, but there is no one here who could do it without our knowledge. I’ll do more tests when you get back. I hope it’s not the start of Earth sickness.’
‘So do I, Closina.’
He was going to Egypt - how wonderful! She hoped it would be similar to the one she remembered. It was early Egypt, where Doella had begun her studies before the pyramids were built when the kings were rich and powerful, but without the autocracy of the later pharaohs. A vibrant time, a blossoming of culture and engineering skills, which would lay the foundations for what Egypt, was to achieve later.
Doella wanted Lansdow, although she hadn’t intended to find a Varan lover - quite the opposite. But she was worried. His memories told her of his love for his work, and of the people, they tried to guide. She might harm him, infecting him with the dreaded Earth sickness, and cause him to become a disgrace to his peers, just like herself. She should stay away from him. She could make him forget her, but she’d have to remain disguised, and so far, he had not considered mating with a human woman, although she knew the thought crossed his mind. She must pretend to be a human. Her depression gone, Doella followed his bubble.
The city was surrounded by thick walls made from mud and rubble from the river. The adobe houses inside the city also had thick walls to keep out the heat. In her bubble, Doella imagined the familiar smells and sounds. In the centre of the town stood a temple, raised on a low mound. It was little more than a collection of thick columns and lintels open to the sky. The structure looked unfinished, and Doella knew in time a roof and walls would increase its grandeur. The stonework was carved with half-animal, half-human forms, painted in bright colours, and basic hieroglyphics were carved underneath the figures. The floor was paved, and a simple stone altar covered with offerings of flowers, food, and wine. The temple was empty, probably because it was the time for the main meal of the day.

Lansdow was still in his bubble. Doella knew, unlike herself, he was merely an observer who took no part in the lives of the people he studied. She’d have to get him out of the bubble and into the real world.
She materialised a little way from him, disguised as a local woman, with dark skin and long black hair. She wore only a thin cloak, which she pulled around her until she stood before the altar. Then she lifted her arms to the heavens as if in prayer, allowing the cloak to fall open and show Lansdow her body. She then knelt and closed her eyes, touching her head to the ground.
Lansdow was fascinated by her appearance, and he quickly made up his mind. Still inside his bubble, he replicated suitable clothes and used his bracelet to change his appearance as Doella had. Keeping the bubble intact with his equipment inside, he stepped out and walked towards Doella.
She opened her eyes. ‘Are you a god?’ she said. He looked at her, his eyes moving from her face down her body.
‘No, are you a goddess?’
‘I’m just a woman.’
‘What are you doing here, alone and half-clothed?’
‘My husband was killed a few months ago and I’m to be sold as a slave to repay his gambling debts. I’m praying to the goddess to give me a kind master who won’t beat me.’
‘When he sees how beautiful you are, he will fall in love with you.’
‘Are you rich? Could you buy me?’
‘Perhaps.’ He was working out how he could buy her. He’d have to free her eventually, but for now… How beautiful she was, he had never really noticed before how lovely these human women could be. Closina and Sartella at the base were pleasing companions, but this woman stirred feelings in him he didn’t know existed. He had to have her. ‘I have money, who do I buy you from?’
He didn’t know the next few hours didn’t exist. He believed he’d replicated money and paid off her husband’s debts, and then found her a house to live in. She told him all she had left was the cloak, and this was only because of the kindness of the bailiff. ‘After I properly buried my husband, my entire dowry was gone,’ she said, tears spilling down her cheeks.
Lansdow undid her cloak and let it fall to the floor. He pulled her to him and kissed her. ‘You are so lovely I haven’t asked your name.’
‘Seta.’
‘I am Arkep,’ he replied. Seta undid the cloth around his hips and pushed herself against him. ‘Oh beautiful Seta, I think I’m falling in love with you,’ he said, pulling her down onto the straw mattress.
Lansdow spent a lot of time with his lovely Seta, although he had to go back to the Varos base sometimes to report, and to recuperate from the effects of having to change his appearance so often. While he was gone, Doella would wander the old city, covering herself up so no one approached her. They had been together for two weeks now. She contacted her family to reassure them she was safe and happy. Doella didn’t want her real-world trespassing on her fantasy.
Doella was out walking one day when Lansdow arrived early. Feeling sure he was alone, he changed into his real form to conserve energy. Doella came in very quietly and although he changed back quickly, he knew she must have seen him.
‘Who are you, Seta?’ he asked, realising she was no primitive. Seta should have screamed out in fear at seeing a man change form.
‘What do you mean, Arkep?’
‘I’m not a fool. You saw me. I was trying to conserve my energies for you, but you didn’t even blink when I changed form. I repeat, who are you? You are no native girl. I believe you have manipulated my memories too.’
‘Oh Lansdow, you’ve spoilt everything,’ she said, changing into her form.
‘You are a Varan! How dare you behave like this? I’ve been disgusted with myself for feeling so much for a human. I was convinced I’d developed Earth sickness, but you are Varan! Is this a Karish test to see if I am turning rogue?’
‘No, Lansdow. I suppose I’m doing the same thing you are. My name is Doella, and I too was a Varos anthropologist.’
‘Doella? The Doella? My elder brother is Creel - and you are the rogue Varan who destroyed the dragon eggs.’
‘You’re not supposed to know about me.’ Doella’s voice was distressed.
‘A few members of the family know about it. Creel and I are very close. I know it’s a state secret.’ His voice softened as he felt her embarrassment. ‘Why have you hurt me like this? It’s cruel of you.’
‘As usual, I was selfish and thoughtless. I didn’t come here to seduce a Varan, Lansdow. I loved this time on my own Earth. I needed to get away from my responsibilities for a while, so I came here, meaning to spend some time in the kind of era I enjoyed studying, perhaps even finding a human man to be with. I had my leaving story all ready. I intended to tell him why I couldn’t stay long - but I visited the base first.’
‘Why didn’t we sense you?’
‘It’s a long story, Lansdow.’ Doella sat down on the stone ledge near the cooking fire.
‘I think I deserve some explanation after what you’ve done to me.’
‘Yes, you do. Come here and let’s join minds,’ she reached for his hand and gave him a brief outline of her life.
‘Your signature is very strange,’ he said, ‘not like a Varan at all.
‘I know.’
‘Your life is just as odd. So many children, like a good Varan wife, but you are far from being one. How many husbands have you had, six?’ She hadn’t told him everything, and she did not intend to tell him about her relationships with family members - he would never understand. ‘Consorting with you could end in me being taken back to Varan for rehabilitation.’
‘I’m sorry. I’ll leave you alone now, Lansdow. I’ll find another Earth, and I promise to stay well away from its Varos base. You’re quite right, I was wrong to compromise you.’
‘I was so worried because I was in love with Seta. To be honest, I’m relieved you aren’t human. You see, I intended to be part of her life until she died.’
‘You loved her that much? I could never stay until they became old and died. You are a good man, Lansdow. I’ll say goodbye now and leave you in peace. Please try to forgive me.’
‘Why don’t you stay for as long as you intended? I’ll bury our time together deep so when I marry, my wife won’t find out about us, even on our wedding day.’ He pulled her against him. ‘If your strange powers can bring you back again, I’ll be happy to see you, Doella. Creel said you were very lovely and he could understand the trouble you caused, but I had no idea how beautiful. Why did you choose me and not a human man?’
‘I liked the way you looked.’ He laughed at her. ‘You are not very Varan yourself, Lansdow. Yes, I’ll stay for a while if you want me to, and I’ll come back.’
‘I’ll keep our secret safe, Doella.’
She stayed with Lansdow as long as she could, and eventually admitted all her relationships to him. Although he was shocked at first, he loved her too much for her admission to change their relationship. He told her he was bonded to a fine woman who served on another Varos base.
‘Part of me wants to leave everything and come with you and be free, but the other part of me wants to marry Felica and have our children and live happily on Varan.’
‘Why I’m not giving you an option. You are going to marry your Felica and do all the great things for Varan you told me about. Besides, I have enough trouble with the men I currently have in my life.’
‘What if I begged you to take me with you?’
‘You don’t mean it - well, perhaps part of you does, but not all. And as I said, you are a strange Varan too. Not strange in the same way I am, but in your ambition to change Varan, which is the real reason you must stay.’
‘I have never shown my true self to anyone else, not the members of my family, and certainly not Felica. She would be very shocked.’
‘Yes, they all would, but I’m proud of you for what you want to achieve - to change Varan and make it forward-thinking again, instead of watching it become increasingly insular, looking backwards instead. But it won’t be easy, my dear friend.’
‘I know, and I wouldn’t achieve it if I came with you. I know you’d take me if I begged you, for you are a soft-hearted woman despite your powers.’
‘That’s why I keep getting myself into trouble.’
‘Rubbish, it’s what’s between your legs which gets you into trouble. You are as much a slave to it as I am to my vision of a great Varan, populating the stars again, instead of withdrawing from all we once achieved.’
‘I like you, Lansdow, and I hope we will always be friends. I’d like to have a friend on Varan. I doubt even my mother will receive me soon.’
‘Why not, Doella?’ She hadn’t told him about Vrash.
She shook her head. ‘I can’t tell you just yet. When the time is right I’ll confide in you, because we are friends as well as lovers.’
‘It can’t be that bad, Doella, and even if it is, nothing will change how I feel about you. The things you have already told me haven’t changed anything between us, have they?’
‘No.’
She left him with regret. For a moment they both weakened, she almost asked him to come with her, and he almost begged her to take him. Instead, they held each other close in silence for a long time. They both knew she’d come back.
She thought about Lansdow that night as she lay in Carnos’ arms.
‘Who is Lansdow?’ asked Carnos, who hadn’t yet fallen asleep.
Doella turned over to face him. ‘You have sacrificed a great deal for me, more than anyone else. Your family refuse to see you, as mine will soon refuse to see me.’
He put his arm around her. ‘We have had a long and strange journey together, and if I had what I wanted we’d be married and living for our families instead of ourselves. But Doella, I’d give up my family for you, over and over again if I had to. I admit I’d like you all to myself, and so would Sark and Haris. How ironic it is your other lovers should be my greatest friends and comfort.
‘Lansdow is strange in many ways Carnos. He is nothing like the Varan we are used to. He has a vision of Varan being intellectual again, as it was when we were explorers and started Earth forming.’ She let him witness some of the conversations she had with Lansdow. ‘I have the feeling I’m being manipulated again. I wasn’t looking to find a Varan lover, however much he looked like you.’
‘Like me?’
‘Yes, that’s what first attracted me. Carnos, I don’t believe the elder Vrash or the Rosarians are behind it, but sometimes I feel as if someone is with me, accompanying me all the time. Sark believes in a higher spirit, a god, an almighty being, a creator, but we Varan don’t. Then who guides me and urges me on? Did I visit Wylar in a kind of heaven like the one so many Earth people believe in? We gave them belief to help them to find out for themselves it wasn’t true - what a strange, twisted paradox. I know Lansdow will be a useful friend to me, and in the not too distant future, Varan will need his strength of purpose.’
‘Doella, there are no more wild dragons in this area of space. What have we to fear?’
‘The worst danger will come from within, and Lansdow will play an important role in saving Varan from itself.’
‘Is that a prophecy? Doella, you hate prophecy.’
‘Yes, I do. Sometimes, it all gets too much for me. Everyone thinks because I have this blue crystal I am strong mentally as well as physically, but most of the time my mind is still my own. I’m still imperfect, as we all are, flawed and impetuous. I’d love to rest but I have forgotten how, and besides, how can I leave everything and everyone? My dear Carnos, it just wouldn’t be fair.’
Carnos wasn’t angry with her, he knew her well and wanted to help her to recover her usual happy spirits. ‘We will try to help you to feel more complete. But now I must admit I feel part of you isn’t here with me and you need to find your other parts to be whole.’
‘Yes, exactly. Thank you for understanding me so well.’
‘I don’t understand you Doella, but I do love you.’
A few days later, she disappeared again.

Chapter 16
Vrash and Wy spent three days and nights camping in the harsh desert. Wy wanted to go back to the ship but Vrash negated this - they would never find any of the elusive tribes if they kept disappearing. Wy was bored because nothing was happening. For some reason, the scans had been patchy in places. Wy said there must be some kind of mineral deposits interfering with their probes. The tribesmen watched them closely while continuing to avoid contact with them, and Vrash did not get his anticipated fight. Eventually, they agreed to return to the ship and try to find the entrance to the caves that way.
‘We’ll have to make a guess,’ said Wy, showing all his ideas on the main console. ‘Why would you need to fight your way in when you may be forced to fight your way out? You are far too impetuous Vrash, and you simplify everything down to the basics. It is obvious their policy is simply to ignore strangers.’
‘It makes no sense, Wy. I would’ve brought in any strangers for questioning.’
‘Perhaps, but we have different customs.’
‘I still think its best we enter through this entrance here.’ Wy pointed it out to his brother. ‘Forget about fighting for the moment, as I said, that might come later. You take everything so literally.’
‘Very well, we do it your way.’
They used bubbles. The entrance to the cave was small, hardly big enough for men as large as Vrash or Wy to squeeze through. Guards were stationed inside and outside the entrance. The first cavern was large and used as a guard station, currently housing about twenty men. Many were asleep in the dark corners and others were eating or playing some kind of board game. They were all dressed like Wy, with cloth bound around their heads, baggy pants, short cloaks, but with sandals on their feet instead of boots. They were all well-armed. They looked like seasoned warriors, well-muscled, fed, and hydrated. Enough food and water were stored in the cavern to last them a while. The guards were darker-skinned than the townspeople, with pale eyes which contrasted with their complexions.
Vrash and Wy stayed in their bubbles and avoided all communication after they saw one of the men looking around as if he could sense something different. He signalled for everyone to be silent, while he cast his mind about, feeling for any foreign signatures.
Silence, said Wy quickly, and they hurried on to the next cave. 
There were well-armed men here too. They hurried on again until they found a quiet spot.
‘They could sense us, Vrash,’ whispered Wy aloud.
Yes, they could. They have stronger mind powers than the city people. They look as though they belong to an entirely different race.
‘Vrash, whispering may be a better idea here. Let’s go in deeper where there should be fewer people to sense us’.
‘You notice the iron gates at regular intervals? These people are very security conscious. It could be a good sign.’
As they moved on, they encountered further signs of civilisation. The floors were evened out and the walls smoothed. At last, they found a high ledge in an empty narrow cave. They climbed up to it, made themselves as comfortable as they could, and spoke in whispers.
‘The scanner now shows thousands of people living in this cave system,’ said Wy. ‘The women and children mainly occupy one area, but once we get through that, the life signs are sparser, and behind are a lot of small caves probably used for storage. Perhaps we can hide there and use one as a base.’
‘Sounds like a good plan, Wy.’
The older men and the women and children lived together in a communal area. The children were being schooled by the older men and women, the rest were busy weaving or cooking. The old men collected water from the fast-flowing river, the younger women were downstream doing the washing, and farther on in a very large cavern, younger men were manufacturing weapons. It looked very well organised. Many of the women were very attractive, which was hardly surprising considering the stories from the cities. Vrash once would’ve been interested in them, but lately, he could only think of Doella.

They crossed the river by one of the man-made bridges and entered a small empty passage, which led to the smaller caves. They kept walking until they found an empty dry cave deep within the system to rest in. They could tell it was used for storage from the broken remains of large pots scattered around its interior. They were glad to deactivate their bubbles and to get some food and rest. Vrash took a light-mask from his pack so he could see properly. Wy could see without help even in pitch-blackness.
‘An interesting community,’ said Vrash, ‘very organised, and a happy place too - not at all what I expected.’
‘Yes, I agree, but judging by the weapons they make I can well believe the stories about how cruel they can be.’ Wy pointed to Vrash’s navel. ‘Do you have any feelings?’
‘Nothing, but I have to admit this does seem the sort of place it might be hidden in. But I’m worried because these people are slightly telepathic, they might find us if we stay here too long.’
‘I doubt it, their powers are very limited. They seem to have atrophied from a stronger, earlier state.’
‘You mean they used to be full telepaths in the past? That’s strange.’
‘Yes, these people were once not only technologically advanced but they also possessed some mind powers. I don’t think they belong here - this is becoming interesting.’ 
Vrash suddenly doubled over with a cry of pain.
‘Vrash what’s wrong?’
‘Nothing,’ he said through clenched teeth, ‘it’s a good pain.’
‘So we are near.’
‘Looks like it, clever Wy, oh it hurts…’ Vrash fell to his knees and pulled off his mask. ‘Good pain, good pain,’ he repeated as if to reassure himself. The pain stopped as abruptly as it had started. Vrash was covered with sweat. ‘Phew, it hurt. Well Wy, thanks to you, all we have to do now is to retrieve it.’
‘Ah yes, but don’t forget what your father said, we have to fight for it.’
‘Looking at these men, it might not prove to be so easy.’
‘You are exhausted after that episode. Have something to eat before you get some sleep. I’ll stand watch. But first I’ll call mother and let her know what’s happening.’
‘What’s wrong, Wy?’
‘I can’t contact her.’
‘Oh no, not again, what’s wrong this time?’
‘I don’t know, there’s nothing obvious on the scanner, maybe it’s the crystal?’
‘I can hear a buzzing noise.’
‘Can you tell me where it is?’
‘I’ll try,’ Vrash stood up and immediately doubled up with pain again. He managed to point, and from the direction he indicated, Wy used his scanner to determine which way they should go.
‘Vrash, can you move? There are about twenty men headed our way and if we don’t get out of here, we may be trapped. Put your light-mask back on.’
Vrash managed to get the mask on, but he couldn’t stand up. ‘I can’t move,’ he said.
‘You have to try.’
Vrash’s only response was a cry of pain, and Wy had to pick his brother up. The men were close and more were coming. Wy was unable to create a bubble around them. He supposed it had something to do with the crystal.
‘Vrash we have to fight, I can’t manage a bubble.’
‘The pain’s getting better, but the crystal isn’t making it easy for me.’
Ten men entered the cave. They paused to assess their quarry, brandishing weapons and screaming unintelligible threats.
‘Wy, with no bubble, we will have to fight. I hate to tell you this, but my enhancers aren’t working either.’

Vrash quickly dealt with the first man, slicing his torso open with his sword. The blood spurted over them. He didn’t have time to think, only to cut and parry. It was Wy’s first real fight, and his dragon part felt only exhilaration, with no regret. He felt a deep, unreal coldness as he reached down into a previously unknown part of himself - ten men soon lay dead at his feet. Vrash was starting to tire without his enhancements, and the pain was taking its toll.
Wy went to help him. ‘Come on Vrash, more are coming.’
‘I know I don’t have any enhancers, but I’m still more tired than I should be. I feel so weak.’
‘I’ll help you … come on…’
Before he could get Vrash out of the cave, one of the badly injured men threw his knife at Vrash and it went deep into his back at a sharp angle, piercing his lung. Vrash pulled it out and it clanged on the floor. Wy quickly finished off the man and then slung Vrash over his shoulder. He was in terrible pain and struggled for breath. Moving quickly, Wy headed towards the area Vrash had previously indicated. He moved fast, outstripping the men who followed them. Vrash’s blood was soaking into his clothes. He ran into what seemed to be a dead-end, but there was a pool in one corner, and he pushed his sensor under the water to see where it led. 
‘Vrash we have to go underwater. It’s not too far, hold on. I know it’s difficult but try to hold your breath.’ There was no reply, Vrash was too weak to speak. ‘I’m sorry brother, I promise we will get you that crystal, but if I stop and try to heal you we will have to fight again.’

He waded into the pool, pulled Vrash through the small-submerged hole, and with great difficulty swam with him for about twenty yards along a small underwater tunnel. It wasn’t a problem for Wy, but Vrash was still losing blood and the cold water shocked his system even more. Wy pulled him out of the second pool at the end of the tunnel. He considered healing him, but he knew the men who followed them were entering the pool, he had to continue and pray Vrash would be able to hold on. He changed his mind as he felt his brother’s life ebbing. ‘Hold on Vrash,’ he said. He tried first to call his mother, but there was still no response, and his desperate attempt to heal his brother was ineffective. Vrash kept on murmuring, ‘Doella, Doella.’
‘I can’t reach her - it must have something to do with this crystal. We have to move on, they are right behind us. Please Vrash, don’t die on me now.’

If they didn’t find the crystal soon, Vrash might die. Wy hadn’t succeeded in healing him and he realised his skills must be failing too. Wy had to keep going - he picked Vrash up again and ran fast. The humans couldn’t possibly catch him in the darkness, but if they didn’t find the crystal soon, Vrash would die and he’d be responsible. If only Doella would come… ‘Vrash please live, wake up! Come on brother, think about our beautiful mother, she’s worth living for. Please Vrash, wake up!’ He ran on into a narrow passageway, Wy could feel the difference in the air, it had an odd metallic taste, and the floor underfoot was smooth as if the rock had been machined with tools. He called to Vrash again, but there was no response. Vrash wasn’t breathing now, and his mind was barely alive.
The passage opened up into a large cavern in the middle of which was a carved stone pillar set with a dark blue crystal. It seemed dead. Doella’s crystal lived and sparkled, but this one did not. Wy felt Vrash’s life extinguish. ‘No!’ he screamed, a dragon sound, which shook the walls around them. The pillar trembled, and for a moment, the crystal came to life before it went dark again. Wy put his hands under Vrash’s arms and held him up in front of the pillar. He screamed again. It felt as if the whole planet trembled, and Wy had trouble keeping his feet.
‘Give my brother life,’ he shouted in a long-forgotten tongue, which sounded like a stone crashing on stone.

Again, he screamed out. Then the crystal lit up again, and without warning, it hurtled toward Vrash. The impact was so powerful Wy was flung backwards into the wall. He was stunned for a moment, but concern for his brother made him get up and go to him. Vrash’s body was bathed in a soft, diffused blue light, which flickered and sparkled intermittently. Wy felt Vrash’s life force returning, and he sat down and allowed the crystal to finish its work. Vrash was alive, yes, but he lay in a deep coma that Wy knew from his mother’s records would continue for days. Their pursuers had halted, the earthquake in the dark must have frightened them, but Wy could sense a few moved in their direction. His bubble still wasn’t working, he would have to fight them alone. Wy felt strangely weary, and sleep was overcoming him. It couldn’t end like this…
He found himself back on the ship.

Chapter 17
When Wy woke from his sleep, Doella sat at the end of Vrash’s bed. She’d made both of them comfortable while they slept. He felt strange as if he should remember something he had forgotten.
Wy sat up quickly, ‘I tried to call you…’
‘Yes, I know. I could see everything, but I couldn’t help you. Thank you for saving him, Wy, and for helping him to find the crystal. He’d never have found it on his own.’

Wy looked over at Vrash who was still fast asleep, his mind calm, and his face relaxed. He got up from the couch. ‘When will he wake?’
‘Soon.’
‘When will you have the children?’
‘I’m not sure, it’s up to me, but I’m loath to have those babies. All of my children so far have been a force for what I perceive as good, not for evil.’ Wy sensed Doella knew more than she told him. ‘Yes,’ she replied to his thoughts, ‘you shared his dreams too, but now you can’t remember them. The dreams were strange at first, like an earth story, unrelated to Varan, the story of a simple race of hominids. How many times have races as those in Vrash’s dreams, like those cave dwellers below, crawled up to become something greater only to be pushed back down again? But some races rise and fall and rise again, and they try very hard, for another slip might mean their demise…’ she let Wy see what Vrash had dreamed - the story of a race’s failures and successes. ‘Those people below are related to the Cantos, who still live and are well known to Varan. I don’t know why those people below are no longer in contact with their original kind. Perhaps a colony fell ages ago and was not recovered, perhaps they made war against their own … or some other futile reason. My insular race will not approach them, but they know of us because they have possessed space travel for millennia.’
In his mind, Wy saw a dark-haired, pale-skinned race with light-coloured eyes. They were hominid, with larger faces than the Varan and strong dark eyebrows dominating their faces. They were much taller than humans, almost as tall as the Hyclos were. Both sexes were warriors, dressed in dark, shiny armour, and their planet was dark, cold, and wet. Wy could detect only a slight similarity between them and the people of the caves.
Doella explained. ‘The Karish have been keeping an eye on the Cantos for centuries, but the council doesn’t believe they could ever be a threat, after all, they are not originators…’
‘I don’t understand, mother, Vrash knows nothing about them, but why would he have this dream if they have no connection with the people below?’
‘I think we will find a link between them, and the link will be a message, perhaps meant for me… but why? We don’t know yet, but from now on, I must keep an eye on them. What I do know about them from the Karish database is they are close to discovering how to travel interlamina, at least spatially - as yet they have no idea about the stratum. They have also invented a crude type of enhancer, similar to our bracelets. The real reason we watch them is that unlike the Varan they take no delight in creating, only in destruction. They’ve mined several planets with no regard for the indigenous flora and fauna. The dream was for me, after all, I am Varan’s unknown protector.’
‘These Cantos are no match for you, mother.’
‘No they aren’t, so there must be more to this message than we realise, and we must be patient and wait.’ She started to cry. ‘And Wy, I must wait, for my powers have retreated within me. I can’t move, look.’ Doella opened her dress. It was as if the blue crystal had formed odd tendrils, which spread out in a strange but beautiful pattern over her stomach.
‘But when Vrash wakes, he’ll be able to look after you.’
‘No Wy, look,’ said Doella her eyes sparkling with tears. Wy lifted his brother’s top. His crystal too looked dead, and the same tendrils spread out across his skin. ‘It must be something I have done. Have I been too selfish, and not good enough?’
‘No,’ Wy insisted, but he wondered if she was right, and Doella felt his doubt.
‘I have given it a lot of thought while you two slept and shared dreams. I’m starting to believe there is a god after all, even though the Varan deny it. I believe he was the one who enhanced me - it wasn’t the Rosarians or the Feye. Like me, they are only pawns.’
‘Mother?’ Doella still cried and Wy went to comfort her. ‘I saw him, Wy.’ But all Wy could see in his mother’s mind was a strong, bright, white light. ‘We are his creations, each time we exist, he takes delight in our progress. I am not the first Doella and I will not be the last. I can see his bright blue eyes shining with love. Can you see them too?’
‘No mother, I can’t see what you do.’ He felt worried, she wasn’t making much sense.
‘He says he loves me, and he asks so much of me, so very much. I will be lonely as he lets existence fade and rest until the next time. For now, he gives me pleasure and love and then, as if to punish me for it, he withdraws it, and I will be left alone for so long…’ She wept bitterly now. Wy helped her to lie down next to Vrash.
‘Sleep, mother, your pain hurts me too,’ he said as he kissed her forehead.
‘The Cael tells me the visions of God come from inside me, not from an external force, and I’m only trying to make sense of what I don’t understand.’ Wy nodded, for it made better sense, but his mother still felt the need of a reason for her life, and for the blue crystals - for everything to do with creation, and the need was destroying her. He couldn’t help, she needed Screetha.
Her eyes closed and the pain of her lonely end left her. Wy sat there for a long time remembering what she’d told him. Strange, seemingly unrelated dreams seemed insignificant beside his mother’s pain. He knew he would carry her pain for the rest of his life. It was his burden too now, and it would help his mother if he carried it for her. She seemed at peace. She murmured in her sleep and reached for Vrash, who did the same. They lay in each other’s arms.

Eventually, Wy left them to seek solace in his studies, but they seemed pointless, an illusion, and he could no longer concentrate on them. Instead, he went to the window and stared outside, his mind empty until Doella and Vrash woke, and he felt their lovemaking, which was so natural now. They were the only two of their kind in the universe … or were they? He knew there had been other Blue Crystal Guardians in the past, but where were they now? The Feye crystals prevented death, after all. Doella had two of them now, which was why she would outlive everything else.
Wy felt the pleasure of their lovemaking, it was like beautiful music. It was almost too beautiful, and his senses throbbed as it reached its crescendo. With difficulty, he broke the contact.

A blue light came from Vrash’s cabin. Although he knew he ought not to, Wy felt compelled to look. Doella and Vrash floated naked above the bed, joined together physically and mentally, inhabiting such bliss he couldn’t keep its beauty out of his mind. Doella’s pale gold hair drifted around Vrash’s body, mingling with his dark locks. Wy dragged himself away and stumbled back into the control room. It was a long time before the light went out and he heard their laughter. His hands clutched the arms of his chair so tightly, so when he let go the arms fell to pieces. He felt Doella and Vrash come in behind him. He sensed their joy and knew he’d never feel as they did.

When he spoke, his voice sounded unfamiliar to him. ‘Have the tendrils gone? Have you started the children yet?’ He couldn’t move or look at them.
‘Yes, the tendrils are gone,’ his mother was back, no longer depressed and unhappy, ‘but there will be no children for a while. Vrash and I need some time together first.’
‘You’re going away?’
‘Yes, for a little while. We both need to rest. We’ll come back after I’ve conceived, and I will bear the children on Wylar for safety.’
Next moment the ship was above Astras and he was alone. Wy wished he could cry like Doella.
Doella took Vrash back to his father's planet. When they made love, the flowers would open around them. The house Doella knew was gone and in its place was an elegant, Varan-style, open pavilion made of white stone. At its centre was a bed covered with soft white fabrics and cushions, which would glow blue throughout their lovemaking. Food and drink appeared when they were hungry, just as it did on the black ship. They discovered each other in many different ways. Vrash even drank from his mother’s breast again - the pale-blue milk which fed her children so well. Then he would kiss her lips and she’d taste it too. It was like a drug. They felt the world fade in and out of existence. They had no idea how long it took them to reach satiety - it could have been weeks or months. Finally, Doella got off the bed and lay amongst the flowers to produce her eggs, and then she went to Vrash to conceive the twins.
When they returned to Astras, they found ten years had passed.
Doella was shocked at how long she had been away. She felt her lovers’ hurt and frustration at having been unable to contact her.
Astras too had grown, there had been more marriages and more children. It was a happy blessed place. Doella ached for all the years she’d missed, and she wept bitterly.

Part Two
Dioscuri

Chapter 1
Doella didn’t want to leave Astras again so soon, but she thought it’d be safer to give birth on Wylar. The twins developed much faster than her other children. A few days after arriving she gave birth to the two boys. They looked the same, as their father had at the same age. She did nothing but feed them and they developed at a tremendous rate, she only finished weaning them when they reached puberty. They grew so fast the dragons worried. She realised the evil one, for he drank so greedily from her and the look he gave her not that of a son. There was no love in his eyes, but there was something else, which made her uneasy. Only a month passed and they became young men.
Vrash was still learning to use his Feye Crystal, but these children learned faster without one. There was gossip among the dragons. Parella did her best to quieten the whispers, but Doella understood their unease, for she experienced it too. They chose for themselves. The one with kind eyes chose the positive name of Var, which meant ‘good earth’ in old Varan. The other who looked at Doella with the strange, fathomless expression, Minoth. No one knew the meaning. One day there was only Var left. Minoth had gone. It was only six weeks since Doella birthed them, and everyone was afraid.
Var was a delight. He was a good man and everybody loved him. He possessed his parents' abilities but insisted he should learn to fight using the most primitive methods, and Vrash, Haris, and Carnos trained with him.
When Vrash asked his son the reason, Var smiled sadly and said, ‘Unlike you father, my powers are my own. I’m learning to attack in other ways so one day I can overthrow my brother. If he kills me, it could mean the end of this creation, before its beauty has a chance to flower. We can’t use our forces to defeat him, for we might destroy everything. As mother said, every time life diminishes early, the next is lost too, until all time disappears and no more remains.’
Vrash didn’t realise what his son meant. He learned to use his skills, as for wisdom he was still a prince of Fara. For knowledge alone cannot give wisdom, it is an internal journey all its own. Doella helped him learn, but he didn’t have her need to know what and why, and she loved this unconcern in her husband/son. It helped her forget too.
She had no more children, not even Wyan. Dolar knew better than to ask - there was plenty of time to produce more. Instead, Doella loved for pleasure, trying to ignore her responsibilities. She rarely slept after making love, but often left her bed to pace the black ship alone. Nothing was heard from Minoth, but Doella understood Var searched for him.
She visited Varan too. She and Lansdow were firm friends. He had risen high, and she helped him, hoping he’d use his influence wisely. He married his Felica, but he found time to be with Doella.
‘Untrue Varan,’ she’d mock him, but she recognised their relationship was important. She saw Takos and Vacella, but since Vrash and the twins, her father refused to receive her. Her mother came to Takos and Vacella’s room to see her daughter. She’d hold her but she never spoke a word, as she promised her husband never to speak to her again.
Two hundred years passed since the birth of the twins. As predicted in Vrash’s strange, unbidden dream, the Cantos harassed Varan vessels in the outer colonies. There was still no word from Minoth. Doella felt expectant, as though she expected something to happen, and she visited her home often, mainly to see Lansdow, who had become the most important man on Varan.

Life on Astras and Wylar settled back into old familiar patterns. And thanks to the earlier help of Doella and Wylane, the Wyan numbers increased and they formed a civilisation of their own, different from their dragon cousins. They developed strong psychic powers with no enhancers, and in that regard, they were more dragon than Varan - but they pushed against the boundaries to progress further. Over time, people on Astras found these unusual manifestations disturbing. So the Wyan kept to their own kind, which saddened their mother.

Screetha spent most of her time with her, but Wy rarely visited Astras. He’d developed his path in competition with his sister, because of the powers The Cael gave her. He wanted to develop similar abilities by himself. Over the years, Screetha became silent - a watcher rather than a participator.
Now Doella had Vrash and Var to help, and the black ship, she had more time to herself. She enjoyed life. Most of her children had ones of their own.

Her only genuine concern, as predicted, was the Cantos, who became more aggressive. At Lansdow’s insistence, they sought diplomatic relations. But the Cantos made a plausible excuse as to why not. Their latest outrage was the destruction of a supply vessel on-route to the outer colonies, and they’d killed the crew. The Cantos explained one of their weapons had malfunctioned and apologised. It was an obvious lie, but they destroyed the proof along with the Varan ship. They were allowed access to the Cantos vessel responsible but found nothing but the “malfunction”. In desperation, Lansdow sent for Doella, and she secretly came to visit him in his impressive new office.

‘Lansdow, what a lovely room…’ She noticed there was an adjoining bedroom. He smiled, but not with his eyes. ‘What’s wrong? You appear serious.’
He transmitted what he knew to her. ‘It’s the second major incident in two years,’ he said aloud. ‘It’s no coincidence. They are picking us off, weakening our supply lines. It’s as you suggested years ago, they want to be the dominant power in this sector. We’re not building enough new ships, although I keep pushing for expansion.’ He made no move to touch her. The situation was tricky, and he needed her help.
‘It’s difficult being Chief Councillor, isn’t it?’
‘As you warned me, but in reality, no-one else wanted the position. Even my supposed youth didn’t stand in the way. Once it would have been unheard of, a man six thousand years old could hold this office.’
‘I’m glad you have the position.’
‘Right now, I’m not. I get no support from the other Councillors. They make noises and look to me to make the decisions. Then they disagree with everything I say. They tell me I need to learn patience and refuse to support me. Oh, Doella,’ he ran his fingers through his hair, ‘I’m desperate.’
‘Wait here. I’ll bring someone who can help.’
‘Who?’
‘Core, the ex-Karish. He knows many of these Councillors. He’d have been one of them himself if he hadn’t come along to watch me.’
Lansdow smiled. ‘Was that the true reason?’
‘Yes, at the start. After that, I was never quite sure. We used to argue. We didn’t become lovers until a long while afterwards. His excuse was he needed to keep a clear head.’
‘And it wasn’t an honest reason?’ Lansdow walked over and put his arms around her.
‘No, he was ashamed of what he’d done as a Karish commander in his younger days. I need not explain to you, do I?’
‘No, I understand. Do you think he’d help me?’
‘Yes, I do. He loves Varan. He is clever, cunning too, and he knows how to manipulate weaker men. I know he’ll come if I asked him, though in the past he refused to visit. Wait here, I’ll be back soon.’ She left, and Lansdow paced the room, waiting for her to return.
‘Please come, Core. Lansdow and Varan need you.’ Doella felt his reluctance.
‘It’s been so long.’
‘Gote explained why you stayed with us. You won’t be rehabilitated.’
‘It’s not that. Anyway, you’d rescue me.’
‘So you will?’
‘I suppose I must. I have unfinished business, don’t I? I didn’t think Varan would falter again after the dragon threat, but it’s been a while since, and they still can’t understand the backward Cantos might be a genuine menace. Take me back.’
‘Core, this is Lansdow - Lansdow, Core.’
They inclined their heads at each other with respect, but both were wary.
‘Core, I’ve learned a great deal about you.’ Lansdow admitted.
‘From Doella or the files?’
‘Both.’
‘And I have heard of you.’
‘Please, won’t you sit?’
‘I’ll get the wine, Lansdow,’ Doella poured glasses.
‘Doella told you what’s happening, Core?’
‘Yes, and I agree with you. It’s dangerous, Doella says you can’t convince the other Councillors of this?’
‘No.’
There was silence as they sipped their wine, and Core and Lansdow continued to assess each other.
‘Do you think I’m too young, Core, as many do?’
‘No, sometimes youth has the enthusiasm to achieve more. Older people are more reluctant to upset the status quo.’
‘Doella said you were a diplomat.’
‘She always gives me that role,’ Core smiled at her. ‘She has explained the problem. We’ve discussed the situation at length. It will take time to convince those who don’t want to believe the threat is real. I’ll help you.’
‘Can I reinstate you as Karish?’
‘Only as Karish advisor please, not as a commander.’
‘Agreed.’
‘I have an idea.’ Core was now eager to put his ideas forward. ‘As you know, Doella should not interfere, she must keep her anonymity.’
‘Yes, I understand’
‘I don’t see why she couldn’t use her skills and powers of concealment to go visit the main Cantos planet and assess it. Do you, Lansdow?’
Doella’s eyes sparkled with pleasure at the thought of doing something helpful. ‘I agree. Why not? I’ve done nothing practical for a long time, and observing isn’t the same as interfering, is it?’
Lansdow looked hesitant.
‘She can protect herself, I assure you,’ Core insisted.
‘What if Minoth is there?’ said Lansdow.
‘Clever of you. Minoth is at the back of our minds. Why else did Vrash have the dream after he received his Blue Crystal? It made no sense at the time. He can’t harm her and she loves intrigue. Here we are again in troubled times. Isn’t it strange how she “accidentally” met you, and now you are the First Councillor? Everything that happens to Doella is for a reason. Every man she loves plays a part in a larger game.’
‘What are you getting at, Core?’ asked Lansdow.
‘You need to consider this is a greater being’s plan. It’s not a simple idea for any Varan to take on board - even Doella isn’t sure who manipulates her. But they are on Doella’s side and so on ours too. If you’ll allocate me quarters…’ said Core, who realised he was being asked to leave Doella alone with Lansdow, as Doella wandered into the bedroom.
‘She’s addictive, isn’t she?’
‘Once you’d have arrested me for betraying my wife, with the worst rogue of all.’
‘Yes, but then I was naïve and knew little of actual life.’
‘She told me you resisted her for a long time.’
‘Yes, I was bitter. I needed her help to overcome my overwhelming fears and guilt.’
A man entered and Lansdow instructed him to find comfortable quarters for Core, as befitting his rank. Core left.
Lansdow walked into the bedroom. ‘He is a fine person, Doella.’
‘Yes, he is, and if anyone can help, he can. Stop being serious, Lansdow and kiss me.’
After a brief visit to Astras, Doella went to Cantos. This was the major world of the people who called themselves the Pelve. Outsiders named them Cantos after their home planet. It was as Vrash’s dream suggested - a humid earth, colder than Varan, with lush vegetation. A claustrophobic atmosphere for a Varan used to open spaces and sunlight, but their diet horrified Doella. Many cultures ate animal life, but these people enjoyed insects too, which made her shudder with disgust. She didn’t dislike them. They were strong, if somewhat martial, and raised their children with care.

They didn’t have sprawling cities as most races, but large towers spread over the globe at regular intervals. These contained the administrative, commercial, technological, and medical sections, and built for function, not for beauty. The families lived in pavilion-like houses hidden in the forest. In contrast to the towers, these homes didn’t have power - their inhabitants used fat from the animals they ate as fuel. The houses were open to the elements, with only a sloping, overhanging roof to keep off frequent rains. Privacy comprised movable screens around bedroom areas and washing facilities. It was well thought out, and nothing was wasted. Their sphere wasn’t overcrowded, and able to sustain itself. Unlike the Varan and others, these people were not reluctant to migrate into colonies. It was every citizen’s duty to do what was needed to make the home planet sustainable.
Outside, they wore the black armour the Varan found aggressive, but in their homes, they dressed differently. Both sexes wore comfortable loose trousers. No tops worn by the men, but the women had short blouses. They were a handsome race with long dark hair and very pale eyes. Constant martial arts training kept their bodies firm and well developed. The bracelets they had recently brought into general use extended their lives, but they only lived for a few thousand years, five times their normal span.

Doella spent a few days studying them in their homes and then entered the tower containing their central government. This environment provided a sharp contrast to their home life. They dressed in military uniform. Doella considered disguising herself as a Pelve woman but stayed in her bubble. She still hadn’t worked out the basics of this society, so found a discreet data control point and accessed their information network.
The social structure in the tower was rigid, unlike their relaxed life in the jungle. She disapproved of many things, especially the state-arranged marriages based on genetic compatibility. She’d liked what she first saw, but changed her mind. As Carnos said in his Earth lingo, “Nowhere is perfect.” The children didn’t have a peaceful life. Everyone had the same basic schooling, and at twenty, entered the military. The government was the military. But in the medical records, she found data, which made her sigh with relief. Most races had various levels of skill in the higher psychic functions, but even with their bracelets, these individuals could not find or develop higher functions. Many tests were carried out without success. Doella was relieved. These people could never be a threat to Varan. But what of Vrash’s dream? She’d never forgotten it, but how could they hurt Varan? What was the real menace? She’d have to break a few rules if she was going to discover more.
She knew General Shish, the most senior of the generals, was located in this building. She intended to read his mind and find what the military hoped to achieve. The doors to his rooms were wide open. As she moved closer, she felt strange. She never tired, although she enjoyed sleep, and the interesting and useful dreams it gave her, but now she wanted to slumber. As soon as she’d finished with Shish, she’d go home for a while.
It was a trap, and she fell onto the floor and became visible. Guards shut the doors. She was expected, but how? She saw boot-clad legs in front of her. It had to be Shish.

‘So Minoth was correct. He said you were curious, and one day you’d come and study us. My dear Doella, you are weak because almost everything in this apartment is made from a crystalline substance, which inhibits your crystals. At least for a while.’ Smiling with pleasure, he sat and watched as she tried to get up from the floor. He moved to switch on a screen, and she recognised the face of her errant son. Core and Lansdow’s hunch was true.
‘General Shish, allow me to introduce my dear parent, Doella. I knew if you were patient and intrigued her enough, she’d visit you. Hello mother,’ his smile was not pleasant. ‘It was Haris. He’s very easy to read, unaware when someone is poking around in his head. He thought it was just a headache. That’s how I found out about the crystals.’ He looked at Shish, ‘I said she was beautiful, didn’t I?’
‘You weren’t exaggerating, Minoth,’ Shish agreed.
‘I mentioned how fond my mother is of having men friends, but you will need to be patient. She’s still much stronger than you are and is recovering from the crystal’s effects, but I’m sure she’ll indulge you at some point. Patience is the best way to win her, not battles. Goodbye, mother.’ The screen went dead.

Doella got up and sat in a chair. She recovered fast. ‘Did Minoth give you your bracelets?’
‘Yes. He dislikes the Varan, says you are weak and will easily be defeated, and then we’ll have more technology than these trinkets. He suggests we’ll breed with you to improve our genetic stock. I’m sure our young men would welcome a Varan wife.’
‘Minoth’s lying to you, Shish, he can’t help it. He wants to make mischief and sees a threat to my homeworld as the best way to do this. As for mating and producing children, with different races, it takes clever manipulation, you don’t have those skills, and experimenting can lead to monsters. I discovered from the database you’ve had your bracelets for a while. So you aim to take over Varan, do you?’
‘It is not my aim, but my father’s. I will complete it for him.’
‘Of course, you don’t live very long, do you?’
‘We do now.’
‘It is nothing compared to our life span,’ she mocked him, and it irritated Shish.
‘You’ve raised a strange son. He told me you’d let me have you, and you are skilled at making men want you.’
Doella laughed, and her gown fell off her shoulders. She crossed her legs so they were exposed. Shish’s eyes never left her. ‘I choose my lovers. Didn’t he tell you?’

She heard Minoth again in her mind. Var can sleep with whomever he likes, mother. And I only get an erection when I think of you. I can’t make love to anyone else, because I only want you. Then he was gone.
Doella was shocked at Minoth’s words, but she kept her face straight.
‘Minoth says we won’t have long together - your husband will come for you.’
‘He’ll be here soon. This isn’t what you were promised, is it Shish? Was this supposed to be the first Varan/Pelve mating ritual? How ridiculous! Minoth manipulates your mind.’ The effects of the crystals wore off. She’d called for Wylane and sent the Black Ship.
‘Well, Shish?’
Shish looked puzzled. ‘I don’t know what I expected…’
‘Of course not, Minoth lies. Wylane and twenty of his kind are entering your atmosphere as we speak. I expect my son omitted to tell you what he is. If you look through the window, you’ll see him soon.’
Var came too, flying as a dragon.

Minoth appeared on the screen again. ‘Wylane is coming, Shish. Have you enjoyed your time with my mother? No? It was far too short, wasn’t it? I admit I didn’t realise she’d recover so fast. But you didn’t try, Shish, and now her son is here.’
Shish was so confused he didn’t register the warning.
‘Sir, we are under attack by flying lizards. What shall we do?’ Shish came to his senses as Minoth’s face disappeared, and he rushed to the window. Another warning came. ‘Sir, we cannot kill them and they’ve seared a large area…’
‘Wylane is a dragon, Shish. They are not part of your mythology, but I can tell you they are powerful, and none of your weapons touches them.’
‘Minoth didn’t tell me this!’
‘Of course not. Don’t trust my son, he’s playing with you. If you wish I will arrange a meeting with the Varan, or do you want my family to burn your planet to ashes? Even without our protection, you can’t defeat Varan.’ Doella and the circling dragons disappeared.

Chapter 2
Doella went to Varan and reported what had happened to Lansdow and Core. When the mental transfer finished, she accepted a glass of wine. ‘They are no threat at present, and as long as we take precautions, they never will be. Interestingly, you both thought Minoth might be behind it. The dream misled me.’
‘Did it? It is Minoth - he’s the key problem, isn’t he?’
‘Yes, I must be more careful. He plays with the Cantos, but he gave them technology. They are impressive on their own. They work hard to research and solve problems, they will go far, but I doubt they’ll become telepathic. No doubt because of the Litza, or their like.’
‘I’ll go with Litza from the look of them. They’ve done well for their creators, Doella,’ said Core, remembering other Litza child worlds they visited.
‘So to be safe, we need an army,’ suggested Lansdow.
‘We’d protect Varan,’ Doella insisted.
‘Dragons in the skies, Doella?’
‘The Karish act as the army,’ said Core.
‘Then there are not enough Karish. I must leave to attend a family reception. I’m sorry. Doella, will you be here when I get back? I may be a while.’
‘I’ll wait for you.’ She kissed him goodbye.

‘Have you met his spouse?’ asked Core when he’d gone.
‘I’ve seen her. We’ve not been introduced. You are using your disapproving voice, Core. Yes, she is everything I am not. She is beautiful in a gentle way and well connected - a perfect wife for an ambitious man.’
‘And he’d leave her if you requested?’
‘I never would, and he knows it. We both love Varan in our ways, and we need him. We agreed a long time ago - he has no illusions. I try to keep his spirits up when it gets too much for him… I’m very grateful for your help here, Core.’
‘Varan is important to me too, Doella.’ She nodded. ‘Now let’s talk more about the Cantos and Minoth. There’s more isn’t there?’

Doella told Core everything Minoth said. ‘It’s not as Vrash and I - his desire is evil. Poor Shish, I liked him, Minoth completely manipulated him. He didn’t imagine I’d open my legs just because he was a man, he couldn’t understand why he’d believe it, he was confused. He wants to make the Pelve an important race. If they weren’t so martial I’d admire them, they can become elder, apart from their lack of mental powers. I agree, somewhere along the line it smells of the Litza’s careful programming.’
‘We do the same things.’
‘Yes, we do. What does it mean for the future?’
‘Nature will find a way Doella, isn’t that what you taught me?’
‘Which means I must watch the Pelve?’

She sat on Core’s knee and put her arms around his neck. ‘I don’t like Minoth nor want to sleep with him. It will be a protracted battle. Dear Core, you and Sark are still my sanity…’
‘Doella I’ve told you soon I must leave to go on my Final Journey. I am tired. We understand when it’s time for us to die.’
‘Not me, even when dead, I’m only sleeping,’ she held him tighter and tears came into her eyes. They were silent for a while.
‘It isn’t as simple as taking Minoth between your legs.’
‘No doubt you are right, but he was testing me if I’d let Shish have me to gain an ally? I’ve never been raped. Parsos tried and he couldn’t, but because of his true self-hidden beneath Wylar’s manipulations. Not unlike Minoth’s schemes. I choose my partners.’
‘Wylar?’
‘I wanted him even before I met him. The power and strength he possessed when I had none. He knew. How I miss him.’
‘On the rare occasions I get to spend the entire night with you, I can see your dreams as you slumber. You talk to him.’
‘What a shame we remember so little when we wake.’
‘It’s a blessing, Doella.’
‘You’ve more to say about Minoth? He hates me as much as he wants me. I admit I’m immune nowadays to the odd son wanting to sleep with me. If it helped calm him I would, but there’s more to his character.’
‘I can’t approve, you should talk to Sark and Vrash and listen to their thoughts.’
‘Yes, I will.’
‘Gote sends his best wishes,’ said Core, changing the hateful subject.
‘How is he?’
‘Karish commander - we’ve met a few times. He says there’s a change happening… how shall I explain it. There are undercurrents here, on Varan itself. There never used to be, only on far colonies.’
‘Does he know about Lansdow?’
‘I haven’t mentioned it, but he’s no fool and knows you well. He’d never betray either of you. He has great respect for your sacrifices and achievements.’
‘So he’ll help?’
‘Yes. It’s getting dark, shall I order something to eat?’
‘Later, I’d rather go to bed first.’
Back on Astras, she broached the subject of Minoth to Sark.
‘Doella, what can I say? It might work, but I doubt it. It could make things worse. If he has the character, we suspect he’d want to keep you to himself.
Sark found the discussion distasteful. ‘Doella, have you visited New Hyclo?’
‘Yes. I visit regularly, but I don’t say in case you find it upsetting.’
‘Tell me now,’ he insisted.
‘Papoe is still alive, but most of the other Ca women went off-world. There are about two hundred left. I make sure they’ve supplies. The ones who got away make a living as technical officers on ships they consider inferior. They are shunned by their shipmates and keep to themselves.’ Sark saw the images in Doella’s mind. ‘Do you want me to approach any to see if they’d wish to live here?’
‘No, I’d prefer things left as they are.’
‘I understand.’

She got up and prepared food and drink while Sark sat outside in the warm sunlight. He sipped his wine, deep in reflection. Doella didn’t intrude on his musings. ‘I’ve been giving thought to what you said,’ he remarked at last.
‘What things?’
‘Perhaps you should sleep with Minoth.’
‘Sark!’ she sounded surprised.
‘You may find out what his plans are.’
‘I doubt it. I can’t read Vrash’s or Var’s minds if they don’t want me to, and vice versa.’
‘As you can the rest of us,’ he smiled. ‘Is it Varan he threatens, or is it Astras? The home he believes rejected him.’
‘That’s true.’
‘Are you able to contact him?’
‘If I shouted loud enough, no doubt he’d hear me. I’ll go back to Cantos and sleep with Shish too if it’d help,’ she added.
‘Did you think about it?’
‘No, I wasn’t feeling my best, and when Minoth popped up I couldn’t concentrate. Shish isn’t an originator and no threat to us, but it might be prudent to keep him dangling. I’ll pay him another visit but on my terms. I’m almost resistant to the crystals’ effects now, it’s all about frequency. I’ll take Var with me for safety.’
Doella’s holo-figure materialised in Shish’s office.
‘Doella, I didn’t expect you again.’
‘We need to talk.’
‘In this apartment?’
‘No, I’m becoming immune, but it’s still unpleasant. Meet me somewhere attractive instead. Think of someplace and I’ll take us there.’
Shish thought of the tall cliffs at Blaso and they walked along the path to the public pavilion.
‘It is pretty here. What are those called?’ asked Doella, pointing to flowers growing at the side of the footpath.
‘Calso and Pena, they always grow together. How did you do this?’
‘It helps to have a Varan bracelet which works better than yours, and it helps to be a telepath, so you can use it.’
‘It seems you brought me here to warn me you are more powerful than we are.’
‘Your mind skills are pitiful in comparison with the Varan. Or did Minoth lead you to hope your dormant psychic powers will awaken in time? If so, he misleads you. You are incapable of developing such capabilities, you don’t have the brain for it. Let me show you.’ She did so, showing him in mental images. ‘Over a long period, a few of you might start the necessary nodes, but it’s doubtful. You either have them or not. Your creators took steps to make sure you didn’t grow them, as the Varan did on our Earths. But you realise, you’ve been conducting experiments for years.’
‘Varan are so arrogant, being so superior. You consider us the equivalent of amoebas in the mud in comparison with you?’
‘Why you crave to mate with us. The fast track to evolution.’
‘You continue to insult me with every word you utter.’
‘I realise what’s in your mind, Shish, and I’m working to show you the reality of the situation. What you need will never happen. Minoth is striking back at me, and using you to do it.’
‘He said you were a clever woman.’
‘You are struggling to keep calm, Shish, but in truth, you are so angry you’d like to hurt me. You and your wife are not happy together, and yet you produced six fine children. But only share a bed for the sake of appearances. There is no love between you, and on Cantos, a man in your position dare not take a mistress. Poor Shish, so unloved and so unhappy,’ Doella touched his face with her hand and then brushed his cheek with her lips. It felt like a human, rough with stubble, unlike the smooth surface of a Varan. She smiled as she pulled away and looked at his angular face. His skin was lightly tanned and his black hair cut short, its colour contrasting with his pale blue eyes. ‘Poor Shish,’ she repeated and disappeared.
Anger replaced the feeling he developed under Doella’s brief caress. She’d stranded him without a communicator, and it was half a day’s walk to the main road.
‘Oh, sorry,’ she appeared again, and he found himself back in his office.
She went to Varan to visit Lansdow and Core.
‘Minoth’s on Thralla,’ she announced as she sat, accepting the customary glass of wine.
‘Shish?’ Core asked, meaning had Doella read his mind.
 ‘Yes, and he is thinking of planting spies on Varan.’
‘How could he?’ asked Lansdow, aghast.
‘With my son’s help. He’d get them here with no one knowing, but whether they’d last long, I doubt it.’
‘Why has Minoth gone to Thralla?’ asked Lansdow again, ‘there’s not much there.’
‘And why did he tell Shish?’ asked Core.
‘So Doella could find him,’ answered Lansdow.
‘Yes, Thralla is low tech and very dangerous, emotions run high and its people become violent at the slightest provocation. They are child-race, hominid, self-evolved, and not attractive to us.’
‘The Karish investigated?’ asked Lansdow.
‘It was one of my early assignments,’ replied Core. ‘It was a “make or break” assignment. I didn’t break.’
‘Even the Pelve keep away from it,’ said Doella
‘They have a primitive idea Thralla is full of evil magic. They visited only once, early in their space exploration. Most of the expedition was killed, and the rest mutilated, so they’ve never gone back. What if Minoth helps the Thralla to get space capability?’
‘Shish is worried, isn’t he?’ asked Lansdow.
‘Yes, and Minoth is playing on his fears. Perhaps we can use those worries to arrange an agreement with them,’ suggested Doella. ‘In the meantime, I’ll pay a visit to Thralla.’
‘Doella, Minoth isn’t a problem you can solve alone.’ Core didn’t want to say too much in front of Lansdow.
‘I realise, but I don’t wish to add to the alienation by taking Var or Vrash with me. I’ll take Wylane instead. Minoth can’t hurt me, can he? If he has more of the crystalline substance, Wylane will send for Var. I’ll go to Thralla.’

Chapter 3
Doella left Wylane orbiting high above the planet in the Black Ship while she went to the surface disguised as a wealthy Thrallian woman. As she expected it was a wild place, and not because of the grey weather with its many electrical storms. The small towns were dirty, and the people rough and lewd. Doella was harassed, and to her horror had crude mental scenes directed at her showing what he or she’d like to do to her. These hominids were bestial to a Varan’s eye. Not only were their forms unpleasant, but their minds revolting. She sensed no kindness, no love. She almost left, but as she decided to go back to the ship, he appeared in front of her. Everyone scattered in fear.
‘Mother, even as a Thrallian you look delightful, with those six delicate horns on your head and the red spikes down your spine and on your knees and elbows. Your hair is woolly though, I prefer your golden locks. Let’s go home.’ Next moment they were in the dark and oppressive courtyard of a castle of monstrous proportions. ‘Welcome to my house, my mother. As you see, I live alone. I get lonely sometimes, but overall, I prefer solitude to the rabble outside the gates. You are the first member of my family to visit me. Come, let me show you.’ Doella changed into her own form. Minoth sighed with pleasure. ‘How exquisite you are. It’s not your fault men are attracted to you, is it? You know you emit many times the usual pheromones secreted by ordinary women. I’m surprised you’ve so few husbands. Unfortunately, unlike my esteemed brother Var, they affect me too. I wasn’t expecting you so soon, but happy to see you.’
‘You are still my son and I’m worried about you.’
‘You are concerned, but not about me. What I might be up to, and the answer is - nothing.’

He took her hand and led her inside his version of a grand ballroom. It was very dark, though there were tall windows. He set up rows of candelabra filled with red candles, as Wylar did. Huge roaring fires sprang to life in the many fireplaces. Apart from a ridiculously long table, the hall was unfurnished. In true dragon fashion, he produced from the surrounding energies two brimming wineglasses.
‘That dress doesn’t suit you. Let me…’ Doella kept her emotions tightly reined as he gave her several outfits, each more revealing than the last. ‘No, no, none of these. Let’s not mar your beauty by covering it. She stood there naked, pretending to be unconcerned and sipping at her wine, as Minoth looked at her. ‘I’ve been practising my skills. I’m better than Vrash, but he has an easy-going personality from living on Ark - he’ll never amount to anything. And my dear brother Var would never undress his mother - or should I say, grandmother? Dragon family ties are so complicated, aren’t they? The people here consider me a great magician. I enjoy it here, evil is so refreshing. If only the Cantos showed such promise, but they don’t. They fall short of my expectations. It’s those years of following so many behavioural rules. I go into their minds to coerce them, and I tire of it. I’ll support the Thrallians instead. They’ve very promising psychic abilities.’ He moved closer to her. ‘You smell delightful. Will you let me inside you? Ah, it arouses you. Is the answer yes? It’s not love you are offering, is it? You want to relieve my tension. Do you expect it will help? I doubt it. I’m not mad, but the evil purged from Var.’ 
Doella controlled herself, but the look of pure hate on her son’s face made her recoil. ‘I will restore harmony to the universe, the balance you destroyed when you wiped out the wild dragons. Pockets of evil stay, sometimes in surprising places. I don’t seek originator perfection like the Varan - how dull. Utopia achieved for a while, and the inevitable backswing. I’m here to put back excitement into a boring status quo.’

Doella’s eyes flashed. ‘Rubbish! You are here to make mischief.’
‘Such enthusiasm, mother. I’ve been longing for your passion.’ He took her hand to kiss it. ‘Let me show you to your room.’ They wandered through the echoing castle, the hypnotic candles lighting the way as they went. Large doors opened to admit them. ‘It’s been waiting for you for many years. Why didn’t you come to me, mother?’
Doella was careful not to speak - she was too fond of telling the truth. She glanced around her. This room was similar to the hall - dragon style. There was a large fireplace and a huge canopied bed. Its flimsy white curtains looked bright in the gloom. Lighted candles stood everywhere, revealing table, chairs, a couch, thick with cushions, a magnificent adjoining bathroom, prepared for her seduction.
‘For you, mother. Do you appreciate it? You are silent and love to talk. I thought you’d like it, a dragon home and a little Earth. Not much Varan, though. I don’t like Varan.’

Doella kept her feelings secret, but she was both exhilarated and repulsed by her son. He was dark and evil and she was light and nurture. She felt stifled as if the black pressed on her. Next moment they lay on the bed. He too was naked, and he looked like his father and his brother Var. Then his sneer reappeared, and she thought he was going to kiss her, but he moved down her body and put his head above her crotch. He sniffed at her, opened her legs, and licked her. She had an orgasm, and another, until she thought she’d join Minoth in his madness… and for a moment as he entered her she joined with him. She sensed his cruelty and hate as if she was drowning in it, and pulled out of his mind. Doella wasn’t only frightened for herself but everyone else, everywhere. Minoth lay silently beside her as if reliving his ecstasy. He reached over to kiss her, almost a son’s kiss, but not quite.
His face changed from Var to Minoth. ‘Vrash is too gentle with you. You liked it, didn’t you? I knew when you came to me you’d find it hard to leave, but I know you will.’
He slept and Doella went back to the ship. She was in tears, and Wylane understood. He held her close.
‘Did you sense us?’
‘Yes, my love.’
‘I thought nothing could shock me, but I was wrong. He is not redeemable.’
‘You knew it.’
‘Yes, but it’s worse. He’s made me different. I’m ashamed to have given birth to him.’
‘You are not telling me everything. Of course, I sensed your passion, but there was more to it.’
‘Perversely I enjoyed it, but only as it happened. Afterwards, I was disgusted. I can’t fight this for an eternity… and why should I? Because I stopped the wild dragons from their path of hate and destruction? I’ve created a far worse evil.’
‘The universe seeks balance.’
‘So everyone tells me.’
‘You are tired and confused, relax.
There was no rest for Doella. Minoth woke and screamed out her name - a roar that shook Thralla to the planet’s core, starting a movement in the magma. The entire universe will hear the wail. It’d take aeons to echo amongst the stars.
Doella mind-called Wylane, ‘I must go back. Wait for me.’ She stood before the bed dressed in a formal Varan robe. Minoth had a strange, expectant expression on his face. ‘Don’t think every time you shout for me I’ll come to you,’ Doella told him.
‘No? I can scream louder, mother, much louder.’
‘If you try to keep me by issuing threats of what you will or will not do, Vrash and Var will come for me. Are you ready to fight us?’
‘I’ve been practising too, and not just Var’s feeble martial arts.’ He materialised wine again, and this time sent the goblet into Doella’s hand. He got off the bed and formed a robe around himself as one Wylar would’ve worn. ‘You never serve wine this way, do you mother? No, you drink real wine, pour it out yourself, and take it to your guests. Why?’
‘So people are not afraid, or consider me strange.’
‘We are different, you and Vrash and Var and I. Why should we deny it?’
‘Why frighten people?’
‘Doella, you’ve such power and should use it.’
‘Not unless I want to, then it does not influence me.’
‘I prefer people to be fearful. You’re frightened too - not for yourself, but your friends. I could crush them and keep you here.’
‘You can’t, Minoth, we outnumber you.’
‘Perhaps - perhaps not.’
‘I must go.’
‘No! You can’t go so soon. I’ll smash this planet if you leave me.’ Doella kept her uncertainty buried deep - he searched for weakness. ‘Mother, you enjoyed our appetite.’
‘I don’t remain long with anyone and certainly not with you.’
 ‘Why not stay with me? We could live as we should and shake the universe with our appetite. Where else can you find the same pleasure? You liked the pain, no one else gives you suffering. It makes you alive again. You’d forgotten how pain feels…’
‘Stop it, Minoth,’ she whispered.
‘Did I hit a nerve, mother? You weren’t guilty a moment ago until I pointed out the darkness, which lies in your soul too. The Varan pretend they don’t have a black side and those who admit it bury it deep inside and forget. Ask your friend Core about the Varan dark side and those he has killed. But of course, you know already…’
‘Stop it…’ Doella sank into a chair.
‘Have I gone too far? Mother’s upset and doesn’t want to play with Minoth anymore.’
‘No, I don’t, I shouldn’t have returned. You are worse than I imagined.’
‘You knew you couldn’t change me by offering me your passion, so why come?’
‘Stop twisting everything, I must leave.’
‘No!’ he shouted, but it was too late. Doella was on the Black Ship, and Vrash and Var waited for her.

‘We must get him away from here,’ she said with panic in her voice, take him somewhere he can’t harm anyone. Surely the three of us can restrain him somehow?’
‘Fight him, you mean,’ said Vrash, ‘we can’t confine him. Could Var and I detain you?’
‘No.’
‘It’s too late,’ shouted Wylane.

The super-heated remains of Thralla hurtled towards the ship. Minoth had blown the planet apart.
‘How could I be so stupid? I gambled and lost, and look what happened. Even the loathsome Thrallians didn’t deserve such an end.’ She wept. ‘And worse, I took forbidden pleasure from him, and now millions of once-living creatures are destroyed.’
‘Not forbidden, mother,’ said Var, ‘we are dragon.’
‘The feelings were so intense it hurt. I haven’t felt physical pain for so long when it was over, I longed to feel real again. It was mania, Var, and for a moment, I shared his insanity. And it was madness to believe I could help him, and now an entire race has been destroyed because of my ignorance.’
‘You should not blame yourself, it was his fault,’ Var assured her.
‘No, it was mine. We burned together, and my mind tells me I must never do it again or it will change me… but my body desires him. Oh, Vrash, I can’t believe you and I produced such a monster. So different from Var,  who loves me as a Varan son should.’
‘This is pre-destined, Doella,’ said Vrash. ‘To most of your children you are a dear, kind, mother. But when Wylane took the place of his father Wylar, everything changed. It laid the rules for my birth and my love for you. And the only way to produce two creatures who possess powers without the aid of enhancers - our twins.’
‘Father is right, mother. It’s is as it should be. It’s not the first time. Ultimately, we cancel each other out, but it won’t happen for a long time, and meanwhile, we must be vigilant. I fear he’ll not stay away for long.’
Tears ran down Doella’s face. ‘And if I refuse to remain with him, will he kill another ten million people?’
Var didn’t answer.

Chapter 4
A year passed, and there’d been no sign of Minoth, although Var searched for him. Doella still blamed herself and often went to be alone on the planet with the bright turquoise seas. As she lay there naked after her swim, Minoth was suddenly beside her.
‘Var?’
‘Would Var behave this way, Doella?’ He grabbed hold of one breast and kissed it. ‘Feed me, mother,’ he said, smiling at her, ‘keep me happy, stop me burning up the universe, let me taste your milk again.’ Doella pushed him away and sat. ‘I demand you give me what I want.’

She lay back and closed her eyes. He finished feeding and she allowed him to do as he wanted and admitted she required it too. In his mind was not just the beauty of love but the passion for creation and destruction. They burned together as a sun being created - pain, pleasure, one with everything. They understood they only sensed this collectively and it only happened because he despised and loved her… and he hated everything else.
Afterwards, she cried and returned to the ship, leaving him alone on the beach. This time he didn’t scream for her to return, but lay on his back in the hazy sunlight, and smiled at the pale purple sky.
Wars erupted on many primitive worlds, escalating to a degree where important, early metal-producing societies died out. The wars were so fierce and illogical Minoth must cause them. Vrash and Var, along with Doella and dragon children, joined Var in his search for his twin. It was months since Doella saw him on her sea planet. More worrying was many of the affected planets possessed functioning Varos bases, and the personnel couldn’t stop the violence. Core was with Lansdow on Varan where the councillors, instead of uniting as they had hoped, argued even more. Emotions rose with the tension, and no decisions made as to how to help the beleaguered Varos staff.

Doella swam on her favourite planet to forget the problems, which beset them, but she kept a constant watch for Minoth. As she came out of the water, she saw him and hesitated.
‘The Goddess Doella rising from the sea. How lovely.’
‘I’m not a goddess.’
‘I disagree, because if my mother isn’t a deity then I can’t be a god, and I am. You keep coming here - hoping to see me again?’ Doella didn’t answer. ‘You won’t admit it, but no one else makes you feel like a goddess except me. Only with me do you experience those emotions you’ve either lost or never had. Pain, hopelessness, unspeakable want, and longing, guilt, and freedom. And something more - hate. Even though you don’t love me, as a mother should, you don’t have hate for me, but pity. I don’t need your shame, only your body. It’s the only way I can stop this,’ he shook his head as if there was no way to describe his emotions.
He took hold of her hand and pulled her towards an open pavilion he’d formed. As before, he first drank from her breasts, and as he thrust into her, their minds burned together.
‘You never loved me,’ he said as they returned, ‘you were even reluctant to put me to your breast. I sensed all of it, now you can’t wait to suckle me.’
‘I didn’t make you what you are.’
‘Didn’t you?’
She required a sense of normality for a while and took Sark to an Earth planet originated by the Varan and now self-sufficient. She rented a house by the sea, shops, and restaurants. Sark understood and patiently waited until she was ready. It was three days before the real reason for this long-awaited holiday emerged. Doella paced the room while Sark finished his evening meal.
‘Doella, sit and try to relax,’
She looked over at him. ‘If I tell you, you’ll despise me. You’ll tell Carnos and he’ll hate me too.’
‘Doella, I understand why you brought me here.’
She sat at the table with him. ‘I tried to talk to Core, but I couldn’t do it.’
‘Then it must be serious.’
‘It is.’

He waited in silence for her to start. With difficulty, she said. ‘Sark, I’ve been seeing Minoth.’
‘I know.’
She raised her head. ‘How?’
‘You’ve been different. Wound up, not as relaxed as you usually are. After your swim, you are better for a few days and then pace again.’
‘Has everyone else guessed?’
‘Everyone’s noticed how changed you are, but only those very close guess the truth - or part of it.’
‘I don’t love him, Sark. I hate him.’ She got up and paced again. ‘It isn’t what I sense when I am with those I love, you offer peace - but he drives me…’ she stopped, unable to describe her feelings.
‘He makes you more for a while,’ suggested Sark.
‘Yes, I know he hates me, but he needs me too. I keep telling myself if I don’t give into him, he’ll destroy another planet. But I’m deceiving myself because he’s doing it at a slower rate. So many societies have gone mad, and I don’t understand how to help. His madness is like a virus and I’m helpless against it.’ Doella moved to the balcony, and watched the sunset, Sark joined her.
‘It was my suggestion you should go to him, and I must share the blame you suffer.’ Doella shook her head. ‘I’ve been wondering about an idea Var suggested. He believes you should explore your capabilities as Minoth has.’
‘Yes, we’ve discussed it.’
‘Why not? It may restore confidence. I have a suggestion too - we could send envoys from Astras and Wylar to support the worst affected planets and work to stop the wars. And find the other Blue Guardians.’
‘I’ve investigated, but without success. They must hide - or are dead.’
‘How hard would it be to kill you or Vrash?’ he reminded her.
‘I understand, but we’ve tried to find them. No one is interested.’
‘There are other reasons, too. You wonder if they still live like you. The Litza said they were skilled warriors, so they could be of immense help.’
‘If they won’t reply, how can I find them? They could be anywhere, I’ve no leads.’
‘Try the Litza again - it is time you paid them another visit.’
‘They don’t welcome me with open arms. I’ll go along with Var’s plan for now. We should stop the wars. After Minoth’s display on Thralla, we feel responsible. Yes, it may help. I like the envoy idea too.’
‘There’s something else, Doella. I can’t help wondering why you see Wylar when you imagine you’ve seen god.’
‘Imagine - a strange thing for a Hyclos to say, Sark.’
‘Why is it always Wylar? You have The Cael’s remembrances. Who was her son, the father of the dragon race? Why isn’t he mentioned?’
He was right - she couldn’t recover any memories of the son/husband.
‘Is it any crazier than your idea someone controls you? And odd you only find truths as and when you need them? Perhaps there’s no great, controlling all-powerful god. It’s you, as the Cael, and Wylar as your mate.’ But he wasn’t finished. ‘Everything is circular - what you keep saying? It lines up with Var’s insistence we must move along the same path, so time isn’t reduced when the universe is reborn. You both believe if there is a war between the Gods, they might destroy everything. Worse, if there can be any worse, then this universe will never be reborn. Doella, those are fine beliefs for a Hyclos, for we acknowledge higher beings, but not for a Varan.’
‘I can’t consider I guide myself, Sark. That’d make me a goddess,’ she whispered, ‘and I don’t want to be.’
‘I know.’
‘Do you wish to say anything else, while you are tearing my beliefs apart?’ Doella said with a strange smile.
‘One thing. The dragons originally fed on the vitalities of the cosmos, and they create from those same energies. So why do they need to swarm?’
Doella shook her head. ‘I’ve wondered too, Sark. I’m not so far gone I can’t think any more.’
‘Good, then stop considering the metaphysical. The only way to be happy is to accept the uncertainty of existence. Until you are sure of reality, you won’t find the truth of what you are.’
Doella laughed. ‘I tell myself the same thing, and then something develops and I doubt again. Thanks, Sark, for your advice, and I’ll try to be logical,’
‘Until the next time, something strange happens.’
Doella, Vrash, and Var stood on a rock at the very edge of their galaxy and stared into the vast nothingness between it and the next. They held hands.
‘I tried it a few times, but when I try to remember I can’t be sure. It’s a long way, what if “No Time” is affected, and we return at the wrong time and have lost everyone?’ Doella worried.
‘I’ll go alone first,’ said Vrash. ‘There’s no need for us all to take the risk.’ He didn’t give Doella or Var time to argue.
He soon reappeared. ‘No time, like the Black Ship,’ he sounded relieved. ‘I’ll show you around.’
They arrived near a beautiful yellow and pink nebula.
‘How are we sure this is the next galaxy?’ asked Doella. ‘Our minds may perceive it to be, but I couldn’t be certain.’
‘I aimed for it - always worked when I was getting accustomed to my crystal,’ said her husband, laughing.
‘You must accept, mother, or else we believe in nothing,’ said Var wisely.
‘How about finding a nice warm planet to put our feet on? I hate floating around in space,’ suggested Doella.
‘I sense a viable system not far away,’ said Vrash, and they were soon there. ‘Still in “No Time”,’ he declared as they arrived.
Doella laughed with relief. ‘Our scientists imagine themselves so clever, and they are not even close. To them, this would be inconceivable, and we do the impossible every day. What now?’
‘Let’s jump into the star,’ suggested Vrash mischievously. They looked at each other. Doella giggled, and the others joined in. ‘I’ll go first again, I’m more expendable than you,’ Vrash insisted. Before Doella objected, he left. He soon returned unharmed.
‘You did it, didn’t you?’ Doella breathed a sigh of relief. ‘Well, describe it to us!’
‘I couldn’t see anything. Come on, why don’t you try?’
‘I’m as ready as I ever will be,’ replied a reluctant Var.

‘Ugh,’ said Doella, when they came back, ‘horrible. It was claustrophobic.’
‘But we are unharmed,’ pointed out Var, ‘I wonder if we could discover an area devoid of life, so we can see what we are capable of.’
‘We can’t,’ said his mother.
‘Can’t what?’ asked Vrash.
‘Your son wants to destroy a planet.’ Doella explained.
‘A dead one,’ Var insisted
‘He is right, Doella,’ agreed Vrash, ‘we’ve come here to test our powers. Let’s find a suitable place…’

It was as easy as anything else was. They experienced a sense of awe.
‘We are terrifying,’ said Doella.
‘No,’ corrected Var, ‘we are not, but Minoth is.’
There was silence, broken by Vrash. ‘You did the right thing having a relationship with him.’
‘Why do you think that?’ asked Doella. ‘It made him even more unstable, and he killed those Thrallians. I’m terrified he might do it again.’ Each of them was silent, alone with their thoughts. 
‘Let’s go home,’ said Var, ‘it’s so empty here.’

Chapter 5
After the trip to the neighbouring galaxy, they called a convention on Wylar. And summoning a squadron of her dragon children, Doella brought several interested parties from Astras.
As usual, Core chaired the meeting. ‘We understand why we are here - the unnatural escalation of violence and conflicts of class 3, 4 and 5 planets, which we do not believe is because of natural causes. We speculate, but its right to suggest these are being helped along by Minoth,’ Core paused, many nodded their agreement as to Core’s assessment. If Doella was worried, so were they.
‘Doella?’ asked Row for those who didn’t appreciate what’d happened. ‘How unstable is Minoth?’
‘As dangerous as I, if I don’t care about life or love anyone.’
‘Yes, we understand mother,’ he agreed, ‘but why? None of your other children are terrible.’

Doella addressed them. ‘Row knows the answers to the questions he is asking because he is my son-in-law. I’ll try to explain to the rest of you, although I don’t know everything myself. Strangely, they created Minoth for good, and his actions will have a positive result. Sometimes the universe moves too slow for creation to complete its cycle. It has a schedule, which must be adhered to. Minoth is the catalyst which helps achieve this.’ The words sounded senseless after her last talk with Sark, but it was all they had - and both twins insisted it was true.
‘Why adhere to an agenda? It makes little sense.’ Row asked the right question, allowing Doella to answer.
‘Because…’ she hesitated before trying to explain the unexplainable, unsure if her theory was correct. ‘If we don’t complete this cycle, the next will shorten, and then the next one, until nothing remains. I’m not the only Doella, and you are not the only Glat or Jole. We exist repeatedly, live again, find our lost loves, and die again. We made the choice at the beginning and we want to love and touch again…’ she finished, and lifted her arms in the air as if appealing for help.
‘The Gods must be cruel in the extreme,’ said one of the Hyclos.
The dragons were unfazed as if they knew, and the Hyclos attempted to understand. But most of the Varan, especially Core, looked sceptical.
‘Let me show everyone your dream, Doella,’ suggested Wylane, and she nodded her agreement. He relayed it to them as he had seen it, and then remarked, ‘I agree with Doella, it happens over and over, and Minoth is always in it.’
‘As am I,’ Doella said, her stomach churning in response to her confused beliefs and inner doubts.
‘So we endure this battle repeatedly?’ suggested Row, although Rucella had informed him of Doella’s dream.
Var answered, ‘Yes, and my life ends every time because I am the one who must stop him.’
‘What about the rest of creation,’ asked Vite?
‘We live again and again. Perhaps there are differences in our lives or our individual choices,’ proposed Vrash, who struggled with the concept too.
‘I understand,’ replied Vite, ‘and you have called this meeting to think of ways to prevent Minoth from destroying our way back?’
‘I could stay with him,’ volunteered Doella, her heart thudding. She was relieved when everyone looked aghast and Row shouted. ‘No, how could you live with such a creature? Besides,’ he added, smiling at her, ‘if I allowed her mother to leave us Rucella would not speak to me again.’

Parella spoke for the dragons. ‘Even if we all die, none of your children will let you make the sacrifice.’
‘It might save millions of lives,’ She had to argue the case.
‘Do you want to go?’ asked Sark.
‘No,’ she shuddered, ‘but if I save the lives of today and tomorrow, then sacrificing my life, or at least my happiness, is the right thing to do.’ She sensed their united opposition. ‘Thank you. I won’t, but he’ll be angry.’
Carnos spoke to her. I sense your turmoil.
It’s not confusion, she replied, I love you and the rest of my family on Astras and Varan. If I left you to live with Minoth, I might accept him and it’d compound the problem, wouldn’t it?
He smiled back to reassure her but realised Doella was fascinated by her evil son because she couldn’t understand why he’d choose such a destructive path, and he had no choice.
‘So we agree Doella is not to sacrifice herself to the whims of Minoth,’ asked Core.
Everyone agreed. Vrash, Var, and Doella sensed a strange ripple in the atmosphere, and so did the silent dragons.
He knows, she said to those who felt it and is angry. I must go and try to calm him.
Leave it until after we have finished here, urged Vrash.
No, he might do something dreadful. She disappeared.

Carnos stood up and looked at Vrash. ‘She’s gone to him, hasn’t she?’
‘Yes, he’s indignant, and she’s left to soothe him.’
Carnos sat and put his head in his hands. Then, looking up, he said. ‘He can’t expect her to keep going.’
‘But he does,’ explained Wylane, ‘he told us he was listening, so she’d be obliged.’
‘How long does this last?’ asked Carnos in despair.
‘Until I die,’ declared Var.
‘We will wait on Wylar until Doella returns,’ responded Core. ‘The meeting is over.’
No one moved.
‘It’s not over yet,’ observed Sark.
‘Very well,’ agreed Core, ‘who wishes to speak first?’

It was Row. ‘I’ve listened to the arguments, but are you sure you can’t combine your forces and defeat him?’
‘I wish it were simple,’ said Vrash. ‘We are experimenting to discover the extent of our capabilities, and have found no limit in terms of destruction. As for creating… we are not Gods and are loath to try. If we fought Minoth, we could destroy everything, instead of waiting for him to do so. The result is the same.’
‘My father’s right,’ agreed Var, ‘we should wait for the chosen time, and I must face him alone. Otherwise, our futures may be affected, repeatedly.’
‘Var, I don’t want you to die,’ said Row. Torn between his love for his friend and the safety of his large family, ‘but when is this supposed to happen?’
Var shook his head. ‘I’m not afraid for myself, so don’t grieve before I am dead. I am still alive, and I enjoy every day I live.’
‘This isn’t getting us anywhere,’ insisted Core, returning to the point, ‘do we go on with the meeting, or will we continue to go round in circles?’
‘Quiet, everyone,’ said Row. ‘We’ve discussed the help we give to those who are being manipulated into war by Minoth.’
‘It will be dangerous,’ said Var, ‘only Vrash, Doella, and I can hide from him, and if he realises any of you are interfering…’
‘One of you will save us,’ said Vite, sounding his old self, before marriage and children had made him into a safe, sober citizen of Astras. ‘Besides, even he can’t be everywhere at once, can he? Surely we must save lives if we only distribute food and medical supplies among the survivors.’
Vrash nodded. ‘Yes, that’d help. I agree.’
He waited for her on the planet with the turquoise seas. Set up the familiar structure with its billowing curtains and elegant carpets, and employed his powers to prevent the fine greenish sand blowing.
As Doella entered the pavilion, he poured her a drink. She noticed it was real Varan wine, and he used his hands to pour. He passed the goblet to her. His expression was as strange as ever.
‘So, mother, will you stay with me forever?’
‘Do you expect me to? I have a family and commitments. Stop the wars, please, Minoth,’ she pleaded.
‘What do I get in exchange?’
‘Me, sometimes.’
‘I want you with me all the time, a good wife.’
‘I can’t Minoth,’ she cried, more with frustration than with fear.
‘Your tears can’t move me, mother. I’ll tell you what I propose. If you visit often, I won’t start any more wars - and if you stay with me, I’ll stop them all.’
‘I can’t stay with you. I’ll come to you, but you must give me something in return.’
‘I’ll cease the fighting on the class five planets.’ It surprised her he’d given in so easily.
‘Thank you.’
He recovered from his generosity and sarcastically added, ‘So now you will pay me for the compromise.’
‘Yes, Minoth.’
‘You are a hypocrite, Doella. You enjoy it as much as I do.’
Before she left, she’d gained another concession. He’d allow volunteers on the class four planets to mediate peace between the warring parties. He found the idea amusing.
She went to Core.
He sighed with relief. ‘It worried me in case you decided it was for the best to remain with him.’
‘The easiest way out, but it wouldn’t last. He’d hate how I longed to be with my family and make matters worse.’
‘And as you suggested, we might end up with two Minoths.’
‘Yes, another reason I won’t. But sometimes I wonder if I should.’
‘Sit, Doella.’ As Core poured her wine and handed her the glass, he noticed her hands trembled.

Doella saw his look but didn’t respond to it. ‘He’s agreed to stop the class five wars and allow Astran volunteers to try and help class four. The class three societies are very low tech, they can only hurt each other. It sounds awful, doesn’t it?’ she finished lamely.
‘I understand your reasoning. Why is he helping, Doella?’
Doella focused her eyes on the middle distance and absent-mindedly tracked the flight of a small flying insect. ‘I said I’d visit him regularly.’
Core allowed her to recover from her embarrassment. ‘You are away from home too much - it might change your family.’
‘Carnos?’
‘Yes,’ admitted Core.
‘And Haris?’
‘Carnos mentioned going back to Varan. Now Lansdow is part of the “family” he can obtain a pardon with my advice, and Gote and Takos will help too.’
‘He won’t leave, will he?’
‘No Doella. He loves you - he’s angry. He has a point, though, doesn’t he?’
‘Yes, he does. If I had been a normal Varan we’d be married and living in our homeworld. How is Haris taking it?’
‘The same way. Now Losi has died, Tikela near to her Final Journey, and his children are self-sufficient. He says he’s no remaining ties here and wants to leave.’
‘But it’s not true?’
‘He and Carnos commiserate with each other. They aren’t as patient as Sark and Parsos. I am because I’m old, and Sark because the Hyclos are more spiritual than the Varan. Sark tells them you are a gift from God.’
‘Dear Sark, he’s right - it helps them cope. I’m too busy. Coath feels my absence too. Only Wylane is happy because he believes he’ll be with me until he dies. Every day I ask the universe what created me, and for what purpose. I’d prefer to believe in a God or Gods, but I want to meet it, or them, face to face. So they tell me the meaning behind this madness. I’m worried I might never find out.’
As if reluctant to antagonise her, Minoth didn’t contact her for a few weeks, which enabled her to make her family life more stable.
She lay in Carnos’ arms, and when Minoth called to her, he was angry.
‘I must go.’
With an effort, he controlled his feelings. ‘I understand.’
He waited for her in the pavilion.
‘I missed you, Doella.’ He lifted her hand to kiss her palm. ‘Nothing sustains a child, as his mother’s milk.’
Under Core’s aegis, the people of Astras channelled their energies into calming the situations on the affected class four planets. Doella was too busy to help. Lansdow too needed help from Core. Doella visited as usual.
‘With Gote’s help, I’ve circumvented the Council’s approval and send Karish agents to Cantos. By the time they made their minds up, we could’ve been in the middle of a war,’ Lansdow was unhappy at the chaos, they both pondered as to why even Varan was so divided.
‘Good - what if Minoth’s still helping them?’
‘I think he must be the reports show another surge of technical advancements.’
‘I’ll speak to Shish.’
‘How are things on Astras?’
‘Core, Carnos, and Sark coordinate the volunteers on the class four planets, but these people are inexperienced in mediating and are not progressing. Vrash and Var do better, and the dragon children are successful, I admit its manipulation, illegal to Varan ways, but it works. The family work well together.’
‘I wish I could say the same for here. I agree with the dragon ways, at least they get results.’
‘Yes, they do. Levos is a warring planet too, and I’m going there, but it looks as if I must delay for a while and go to Cantos instead.’
‘What’s wrong, Doella?’ Lansdow picked up her mood and brought illegal cordial to her.
‘Is it so obvious I need this?’
‘You are listless - I haven’t heard a laugh, chortle, or a giggle, and your smile is forced. Worse, you haven’t manoeuvred me into the bedroom since you got here half an hour ago, a record.’ She smiled. ‘That’s better, so what’s wrong?’
‘Too many things to do. I should try to locate the other guardians, but something else always gets in the way - Cantos, Levos, etc. Am I expected to sleep with Shish? Is it another of Minoth’s games? I’m worried about seeing Trasnos again. I’m the one who needs support, yet they expect me to help.’
‘So do I.’
‘It’s not your fault - I’m different since Minoth.’ She let him into her mind. ‘Lansdow, I am frightened I may go mad…’
He held her hand. ‘No, you aren’t. I sensed your strength underneath your concerns, and I’m sorry I ask you to help me with Cantos and Shish.’
‘I am guilty, Lansdow. When I was young, I had affairs and thought nothing of it, but now things are different. I have a family and committed to Carnos, Sark, and the others as a wife - even to you, in another way. And guilty over creating Minoth. Worse, he’s still helping the Cantos, for his amusement because I resist having carnal contact with Shish. I could, and think no more of it, but I won’t because it’s what Minoth wants. Does it make sense? I’m not sure if it does to me.’ She burst into tears.
‘Yes, it does. I keep Felica and you separate in my mind as if she and the children are real and you were a dream. But in comparison with your life, mine is easy.’

Doella sat upright and uttered a cry of surprise and shock.
‘What was that?’
‘I think it was God, or what a God is. Don’t be shocked, Varan might not believe he exists, but it doesn’t prevent him from existing anyway,’ she joked.

After the strange episode, she was at peace, and it was easier for her to go to Cantos and Shish. Whoever or whatever had communicated with her had restored the self-esteem and confidence Minoth had demoralized. And given her what she could only describe as renewed spiritual strength. She emerged from the experience stronger and with a greater sense of purpose.

Chapter 6
Shish removed all trace of the alien crystals from his office apartment in the hope Doella returned. Minoth still contacted him, usually mocking him as to how disappointed he was, the son visited instead of the mother. As Shish became angry, Minoth confused him further by presenting him with something of great value. Shish didn’t like Minoth, but the technology he gave him was worth being laughed at. When Doella came to him, he was transfixed by how lovely she was and thought he was dreaming as she led him into the bedroom.
Lying in her arms afterwards, he was content. He’d never found such peace. He hardly dared look at Doella in case he was fantasising or (which he assumed more likely) Minoth manipulated his mind.
She understood what he was thinking. ‘My son makes mischief by giving you Varan technology.’
‘Why should the Varan be the master race? We evolved independently of you, alone and without help.’ Shish responded and looked at her.
Doella wondered on the statement and doubted if it were true, for the Pelve resembled the product of an elder race. Self-evolving peoples always had very different physiology, even though they were often hominid.
‘We were well developed socially before we discovered how to move between, and one day we will travel everywhere from earth-type worlds, as you have. We’ve never made war on another species.’
‘Only because you have no sentient creatures nearby, apart from the Varan, and we are too strong. Besides, your space-travel capabilities were basic until Minoth augmented them, and your structure is based on a military paradigm.’
‘Why did you come here?’
‘Isn’t it what you wanted? I came to give you a choice between Minoth and an agreement with the Varan - and of course a return of the latest technology he stole.’
Shish laughed and reached to touch her hair. ‘You are real, aren’t you? Why should I give back the technology?’
‘If you wish me to come you will. Now tell me the Cantos are not aggressors.’
He was compelled to admit it. ‘We want Varan under our aegis, not the other way.’
‘You are not “under our aegis,” as you put it. We don’t interfere with you.’
‘You are wrong, you do.’
‘How?’
‘Cylat 1-6, for example.’
‘What?’
‘Known to you as the Palen border colonies. You pulled out from there years ago and we wanted to develop them. We were refused permission as they were too close to Varan. They are closer to us than they are to you.’
‘Is this what the posturing is about? I should’ve read your mind and had done with it, Shish.’
‘Why didn’t you?’
‘I’m nothing like Minoth, and when a race has no telepathic capabilities, by law we are forbidden to enter their minds without their permission, in case we damage them.’
‘It sounds as if you’ve more laws than we do.’
‘You are correct. If I get you the old colonies, will you hand over the technology?’
‘It’s too late, we’ve managed to decipher how they operate,’ he admitted.
‘If you give them back? I’ll purge the knowledge from your minds and files, and only you’d remember they existed.’
‘You could without my permission, couldn’t you?’
‘I could, but I prefer your compliance. It’d help with our future relations. Well, Shish?’
‘I won’t take this matter to the other generals, they’d never agree to it. Can you persuade Varan to do as you ask?’
‘Yes.’
‘Will you come back to me now you’ve what you wanted?’
‘Yes… purely in the interest of cordial collaboration. Let us say I am the unofficial Varan ambassador to Cantos.’ She smiled, touched his face, and was gone.
Shish lay and considered what he’d done. It was true he’d never been so happy, but sold his integrity and his loyalty for a woman. Being granted the Cylat colonies might salve his conscience, but he wasn’t putting the Pelve first, only himself.
Levos was the epitome of a class three system. Doella asked Parsos to go with her - it was his homeworld. She’d returned in secret long ago to see how her friends managed but lately found an excuse not to go. She understood Trasnos would be better off without any visits from her. Although he was still alive, he was an old man now, and she steeled herself to look at the changes in him.
Parsos was nervous too. His life on Levos hadn’t left him with happy memories. First, they had a look round their old haunts, but it didn’t help either of them to remember the past. It was true Parsos hadn’t been in his right mind thanks to Wylar. But the thousands of bodies, partly buried in the hills a few miles from Trasnos’ city, were a chilling reminder they both failed Levos. Most of his army died in the cold winter, far from their homes. Unable to move in the cruel blizzards, most of them met their deaths from the elements, not the battles. They stood on a hill and looked down to the old battleground, greatly moved by the scene below them. Time nearly covered the disaster. But here and there, bones, weapons, and tattered remnants of clothing were still visible.
‘I’m sorry, Parsos. I was in no position to help, and when I returned to fix the weather machine, it was too late.’
‘It’s not your fault. I wanted to rule Levos and must bear the blame.’
‘No, it was Wylar, he offered you this world, and you believed he’d give it to you.’
‘I wasn’t so insane when I started gathering my army and understood what I was doing. Wylar helped my madness along. We can’t pretend this didn’t happen, and now I am here to mediate…’ he couldn’t finish the sentence. ‘Slavin, and his son, are the aggressors, and he’s not mad, just greedy, and cruel, and your king is old and ill.’
‘Yes, my king is ill. Life has not been kind to Trasnos, and I’m partly to blame. I could’ve come back and helped him.’
‘Why didn’t you?’
‘The old story, I believed it was best for him.’
‘I think it might’ve been better if you had returned. All those statues in his apartment… he’s not forgotten you.’
‘You’re right - I made a mistake. It’s not the first, and I doubt it’ll be my last. First, we must stop the Slavins from breaking into the Hyclos city. I’ll go to Trasnos while you consider your strategy,’ she paused and drew a deep breath. ‘I hate death but will face it. Trasnos doesn’t have long to live.’
Parsos carefully studied what the younger Slavin planned before deciding how to handle the situation. It was important, the old general and his son didn’t enter the ancient Hyclos city. The so-called wizards were far from perfect, but they understood not to break the weather controller. Slavin the son might be a cunning soldier, but as his father, illiterate with no understanding of technology. In his ignorance, if he broke the fragile membrane, surrounding the machine this world would perish. Minoth knew who to influence to cause the most suffering, and the son of Slavin is a perfect tool. The man needed no excuse to wage war and destruction. Age was cruel to Trasnos, but the elder Slavin was hale enough to enjoy the wars he waged with a son of whom he was proud. Parsos realised there was plenty of time as they still gathered an army, so he went back to his castle.

The place was bleak and empty, stripped of its technology. This region was no use to anyone. It was too cool for crops to grow, and the snow lay too long on the ground to live by hunting. Only the Hyclos could survive here, and they’d never return. Parsos’ recollections made him ill. He wished he could forget what had happened here, but his punishment was to remember every detail.
He wandered through the castle and entered the large hall. The fires and candles were gone, and it was cold, dark, and empty. For a moment his memories sprang into vivid life, and he remembered Doella’s shame as he led her naked between his men. She’d looked so vulnerable, fragile, and beautiful. He still saw the vulnerability in her, and it made his heart ache. Even in his insanity, he’d loved her and wanted to protect her from Wylar, and paid a terrible price. He’d been forced to leave his mind to escape the pain Wylar inflicted on him, but he’d fought for her. It was the only part of this sad story of which he wasn’t ashamed. It was strange how Wylar and Doella came to care for each other.
When she had let him show her how much he truly loved her, she had taken him to her bed out of pity. It wasn’t the joy of her love for Carnos, or her fascination for the alien Sark, with his calm philosophy, or her reaching for her primitive soul with Haris, but mere sympathy. She denied it, of course, but if mercy finally brought her to him, he must be content - and they were good friends now. Fate was strange and even stranger, he was here to stop his former general’s son from enslaving the very people he tried to dominate.
He wandered into his old apartments. His large wooden bed was there, stripped of everything but a dusty Clax skin. He lay on it and considered his options. Slavin wouldn’t listen to reason, he’d been hard to control.  He had to be defeated in battle as if no outside influence was involved.
Funny how Doella stuck to the Varan laws when she’d broken them on many occasions. Doella needed the king’s army to defeat the Slavins. He understood although it might look as if the company from Bayoth were the victors, Doella and he must help.
Doella returned to Trasnos’ apartments. She and Parsos had called there earlier, and Doella was deeply moved by the change in her old admirer. Trasnos was alone, sitting in his chair, with his favourite statue of Doella on a table beside him. He was younger than Slavin the elder, but the debilitating muscle disease sapping his life made him look years older. Doella could cure him but understood she must not. It was a coward’s way out, and she couldn’t prevent everyone she cared for from dying. She watched him for a while, struggling to summon the bravery to show herself to him. She should’ve come before this. His body was wasted and his skin had the translucency of someone near death. She stared at the deformed hands folded in his lap. Her spirit failed her, and she located Parsos and joined him at his castle.

Parsos started a fire and replicated wine. Doella disappeared for a moment and came with fresh food from her home on Astras.
‘How’s Trasnos?’ he asked.
She looked away and said just one word, ‘Old.’ Parsos recognised her fears.
‘You must approach him, we need his troops.’
‘Yes, I realise. Have you any idea how Minoth started this war?’
‘I can’t be sure, but knowing Slavin, I’ve no doubt his son is the same as he is. Minoth only had to help to defeat his enemies, as Wylar did to me. I found his home base - he’s taken over a small kingdom to the west and his army is still marching from there to Main City. We need Trasnos’ troops to come up behind and stop them from regrouping and starting again. I can keep him out of the inner part. Hyclos ponders are in the walls. It’d be easy enough to connect them and make a barrier.’
‘There are people outside the Hyclos City, in the Levian areas.’ Doella didn’t want the innocent of Levos hurt again.
‘Women and children are moving inside the walls, believing the wizards can save them. The men are unsure of what to do. As the codes state, our involvement mustn’t appear obvious.’
‘Guidelines,’ Doella was indignant, ‘how I hate our Varan rules, made by people who aren’t going to die. I’ve sent the Black Ship for two dragon children. They are part of this world’s mythology, and no Varan can argue.’
It was morning, and Trasnos’ attendants bathed, dressed, and fed him. Doella watched while he received his visitors. One of them was a favourite of Doella’s - General Prast. He was older than the King, but his carriage was as erect and his mind as clear as ever. Trasnos appeared enfeebled by comparison.
After the general took his leave, Trasnos was left alone, propped up in his chair with pillows. Doella noticed his children hadn’t visited.
She stepped out of her bubble. Trasnos’ eyes opened wide, and he looked as if he were choking. Doella went to his aid and then sat next to him and held his hand.
‘Death is beautiful,’ he said.
‘You’re not lifeless. It is me.’
‘No, I’m dead or dreaming. She’s never coming back. It’s taken me a long time to admit it.’
‘Trasnos, I’m sorry. I visited to see how you were.’
‘Why didn’t you show yourself? Why did you wait until I was no longer a man?’ His face twisted with pain.
‘Because I wanted a good way of life for you - a proper companion and children. I couldn’t be a wife to you. I had to give you a chance for a normal existence.’
‘You are real, aren’t you?’ his voice sounded weak, he was exhausted. Doella warmed tea and helped him drink it. ‘I finally married, as you suggested,’ he said peevishly, ‘but she left me as soon as she bore me a son and daughter. She understood I didn’t choose her, and she certainly couldn’t care for an old man. I’m dying, Doella, and now you’ve come to see me. I hoped it was death coming for me.’
‘I’m sorry, I should’ve sent Sark to talk to you instead.’
‘No. It is a joy to look at you as if the sun were warming me. Even your smile helps my pain. Forgive my anger, Doella, you did what you thought best.’
Did I? She wondered. ‘So you have a son and daughter.’

Trasnos’ face lit up for a moment. ‘Yes. When their morning studies are over, they’ll visit me.’ Then his face fell. ‘I’m not the father they wished. I’m stuck in this apartment all day, unable to walk anywhere.’
‘There is no need to be confined to your room. I’ll bring you something to help you get outside. Please wait, I’ll be back soon, I promise.’
She found what she looked for on a well-established Earth. Their society had graduated to using hover-cars, but she discovered several old wheelchairs in a hospital basement waiting to be recycled. She chose the best one and took it to Trasnos, and Doella made him comfortable.
‘See, now you’ll be able to move around easily. A servant can wheel you wherever you want to move. We can put ramps in the corridors so it’s possible to go into the gardens again.’
He smiled sadly. ‘This wasn’t how I wanted to look at you, but thank you.’
Trasnos’ son Bloed and his daughter Vania were dutiful towards their father, but nothing more. They viewed him as a pitiful old man, they were obliged to visit daily, out of duty, not love. Trasnos left it too late - he was too mature when he finally gave up his dream of sharing his life with Doella. She agreed this was her fault, but there was nothing she could do to change it. As Trasnos requested, she came out of her bubble to meet his children.

Their eyes were wide when they saw her. Trasnos’ statues might be crude, but there was no mistaking whom they represented. Doella sat beside their father. Vania was ten, and her manner stiff and unyielding. She mothered her younger brother. He had an exuberant nature held in check by his solemn sister. Her duty dispensed, Vania curtsied to her parent and, holding tight to her brother’s hand, quickly left the room with their nurse.
‘They are lovely children, Trasnos,’ murmured Doella.
‘The boy’s all right if only I could get him away from his sister’s influence. She’s like her mother - silently disapproving of everything.’
‘She longed to ask who I was and what I was doing here, but her pride wouldn’t let her. They don’t understand who I am?’
‘They wonder about the statues. I had several commissioned to try to capture the way you looked. This is the best one, but still a poor likeness. You must think me very foolish, Doella.’
‘No, a great deal of it is my fault. I didn’t discourage you, did I?’
‘I was, am, besotted with you. Bloed-me-in realised you wouldn’t marry me and kept reminding me of it when you didn’t come.’
‘On the contrary, he worried in case I did and made him redundant. But I couldn’t stay, I told you.’ He nodded. ‘But, I didn’t mean to leave so abruptly. It wasn’t my choice, I was forced. I came to check on you and boosted the machine as Bloed se-in wanted. I returned a few more times but didn’t show myself to you, Trasnos. You wanted a spouse, not an affair, and I’m not wife material.’
‘But you told me you loved Sark. I thought you were wed.’
‘I was married to Carnos, and - Sark and I were close too. We are still together and have lots of children,’ she left out the others, so as not to hurt his feelings. ‘I’m sorry to cause you so much pain.’
‘I’m not sorry. I’m an old fool now, and I was a younger fool then. You never promised me anything but friendship. And you’ve come when we need you. My uncle died a while ago, and our transporter no longer works. My intelligence is not as current as it used to be, but I am aware Slavin and his son are a threat. They killed King Palas and most of his family. One of his sons escaped and came here for safety. Will you save us again, Doella?’
‘Yes, Prast is still around, I see.’
‘He is a good man. Not only does he manage the army, but he also helps rule. He’ll be regent until my son is old enough to take command. He knows we must get the boy away from his sister, and find a different tutor for him. He must learn to be independent, and Vania can’t join the army.’
‘Yes, better for him. Trasnos, you can’t hide here and hope the Slavins’ will be happy with just the wizards’ city. They’ll come here, and to defeat them, I need help.’
‘You mean you need Prast’s help,’ he corrected her.
‘You are still the King, my friend,’ she said gently. ‘I must leave for a while, but I’ll be back soon. How about dinner in that lovely dining room of yours.  For us and two more guests.’

Chapter 7
She moved to the castle. Wylane arrived with the two dragons, Shee and Voloc. They used their powers to make the rooms more comfortable. Parsos opened wine, and she sat beside him.
‘I’m not enjoying being here. Even Wylane, who’s been my friend for many years, reminds me of his father and brings it back.’ Doella listened, as he needed to talk. ‘I built the castle over the Hyclos base, or I enlarged the small original building. Father was a technician here. Mother a serving-maid who brought fresh food from the kitchens into the base. My father’s name was Gron, he was lonely, and my mother was gentle and kind. She said they fell in love, but he withdrew when the others did, left her pregnant and afraid. This area was never well populated. And fearful of the winter and having no food, my parent, and the other servants walked miles to safety, I was born on the trek south. We were lucky, an older married couple also on the journey had a simple home close to Bayoth, and they looked after us. Mother worked hard to support us, including our two friends, when they became too old to work themselves. She believed my father would come for us, but her hopes faded and instead, she lived for me, until she died broken-hearted and worn out. I realise they probably killed him, but as a child, all I understood was, he’d deserted us and I hated him. When I realised I’d inherited his genes for longevity and his skills as a technician, I desired everyone must pay for my mother’s pain. To make it worse, I’d fallen in love with a girl while young. She was as my mother was, kind. I lost her to old age, which made me angrier. I found my way here and learned to use the technology. Building this castle, stone by stone. I discovered Levian coins and precious gems and metals. They were worthless to the Hyclos, but they made me rich. I brought servants here, and soldiers, and we flourished.
But my pain dominated, and Wylar came and nurtured it. He said the lands to the south were richer and we could grow our food instead of exchanging it for the hard-won metals in the ground. Wylar helped me with the technology I didn’t understand, like the transbet. At first, he was solicitous and then became threatening. But when you arrived with Carnos and Sark, he changed. And when he made you his prey, he used me to analyse you. I was lonely for my long-dead wife, and you were lovely, I fell in love with you. Wylar realised and urged me to try you further, to make me suffer. I refused much of what he asked. I tried to rape you for myself, not for him, but afterwards, though I’d failed the last act, it was as if I’d betrayed my mother and wife. He wanted me to give you to Slavin and the others - to check your strengths - but I couldn’t, so he hurt me…’ he paused remembering the pain Wylar inflicted. He looked ill. ‘But they stole you from me, and I lost the little sanity I’d left. It was a long time before I realised what took place. I lived in an endless nightmare until you cured me. Then I experienced another pain. You gave me pity, but not returning my affection. The past still comes between us, a ghost who refuses to be banished.’
The others listened to his reflections, and there was a long silence. Then Parsos smiled and suggested he should investigate how Slavin and his son progressed. Doella suggested she go with him, but he shook his head and left.
‘Shall I follow him, mother?’ asked Voloc.
‘No, he is laying ghosts, and only he can,’ she said, saddened by Parsos’ recollections, ‘I’m going to get Sark and Carnos to help me. I won’t let Minoth hurt my friends.’
It was strange to be at the castle again. They’d lived here while Doella was trapped in her marriage to Simune. With the fires, and the dragonic interior decorating, it looked cheerful, although the empty corridors were still cold and gloomy.
‘Is Parsos back?’ she asked when they arrived.
‘Yes, he is,’ answered Wylane. ‘He’s exploring the base, laying more of his ghosts.’

Doella called him to attend a meeting. They discussed various scenarios before deciding on a plan.
‘Slavin isn’t ready yet,’ said Parsos, ‘he intends to win the old Hyclos city first. He believes when he’s eliminated the remaining wizards he won’t have any opposition, and he and his son can divide the army and capture the other kingdoms.’
‘Why don’t you let me burn the troops away?’ said Wylane, knowing Doella and the others would never agree.
Doella gave him a reproving look. ‘Being part Varan yourself, you know the answer.’
‘Sometimes you are tempted to choose the simple way out, Doella.’ Wylane was right.
‘Not unless another alternative. Greed doesn’t drive everyone in an army. Besides, my other friends, apart from you dragons, might think me crazy.’
Wylane shrugged. ‘The truth is, Levos is an unfinished chapter.’
‘Yes.’ Doella turned to Carnos and Sark. ‘Trasnos is very ill and his body wasting away. He is still lucid, and our good friend General Prast is alive and running things for him. Trasnos has two children, but his wife has remarried. He is expecting us for dinner.’
‘I look forward to it,’ said Carnos, ‘We left before we said a proper goodbye.’
Trasnos snoozed in his wheelchair when they arrived, he woke when Doella touched his hand. The meeting between old friends was satisfying, although Trasnos’ debilitated appearance upset Sark and Carnos. Carnos wheeled him into the dining room Doella loved. The candles in the silver-grey mirrors repeated their reflections, and the place was magical.
They reminisced for a while, and Trasnos asked questions about their present lives. Sark and Carnos glossed over the stranger parts of their recent history, talking of their families and omitting the others, especially Doella’s dragon brood.
It was a good meal and they were able to forget the change in their host’s health. Doella listened to them talk until they came to the subject of Slavin and the ancient wizard city. Doella told Trasnos what Parsos discovered, without mentioning his name.
The King listened. ‘It is like old times. We have another Parsos. I wonder what happened to him. After you left, he melted away.’
Doella smiled. ‘Perhaps he did,’ she said, not wanting to upset him. ‘He wasn’t well, was he?’
‘You helped him, didn’t you?’ Trasnos accepted it.
‘Yes, he is a good friend now. It was he who found out the intelligence about his once commander.’
‘I understand, but there are many who won’t be happy he’s still alive. True, this city survived, but no one was unaffected. That spring when the snows thawed, we smelt the bodies rotting, and many were sick. We never go to those hills now. In time the earth will cover everything and we’ll forget.’ He shook his head as he remembered the horror of the obscene piles of corpses. ‘They may have been our enemies, but there were women and children among them. From that day war became a real word, for now, we understood it.’ Everyone saw Trasnos’ memories. ‘We’ve prepared your old rooms. Won’t you accept my hospitality?’ he said, changing the subject.
They smiled, and Sark accepted the offer.
It was as if the years between had disappeared. The rooms looked the same as previously. All the joy and pain they had suffered here, they relived again. Doella slept with both of them. Next morning they met for breakfast. It too was the same, but the major-domo was a younger man, and he had a name - Vontoss. Doella couldn’t keep a straight face, and as soon as he’d left the room, she burst out laughing.
‘He has to be related to the old one, he has the same mannerisms. But I can’t believe he gave us his name.’
‘Stop giggling, Doella,’ Carnos had a huge grin on his face, ‘poor man, you upset his predecessor, and now he assumes you are mad.’
‘No, he thinks I’m a stupid woman. He wonders what we are doing here, and if we are the same people as before. His uncle was in charge last time we were here.’
‘Doella!’
‘I couldn’t help it, I lost control,’ she explained her impropriety.

‘We are to meet with Prast this morning and put forward our ideas,’ said Carnos when they recovered from their funny memories.
Doella’s mood changed. ‘I could cure Trasnos. My heart tells me to do it.’
‘And your head not to interfere,’ said Sark gently.
‘Yes, and I realise I shouldn’t,’ she sighed. ‘While you two talk to Prast, I’ll look at what Slavin plans. Prast thinks I’m a silly woman too - you don’t need me there. Persuade him to support us and attack Slavin from the rear, or he could win Bayoth too. I understand what Wylane means when he says it tempts him to burn them out of existence.’ Sark and Carnos looked alarmed. ‘Don’t worry, I’m still too much a Varan to comply,’ she said smiling. ‘I’ll only offer guidance. Even if against Varan law. Thank goodness for Lansdow. At least he realises the old ways won’t win this war…’
Before dinner, the friends exchanged information.
‘Slavin made a mistake as you did, Parsos,’ said Doella. ‘His troops are short of food, and he thinks getting hungry will add to their eagerness to capture the city.’
‘That’s the plan he’d have. It’s dangerous and could backfire on him.’ Carnos considered options. ‘Prast agreed our tactics are safer in the long run. But we’ve got a problem. We can march on short notice, but it will be two weeks’ hard walking to get there.’
‘Slavin has to attack within a week or his army will disintegrate.’ Doella worried.
‘So what shall we do?’ asked Sark, knowing they’d break more perceived laws.
‘We must use my dragon children to terrify them and make them scatter, as we did to Parsos.’
‘Doella, we were not real dragons. Voloc and Shee might enjoy it too much,’ Sark suggested.
‘They can control themselves, and Wylane will help. He’s had plenty of practice, and the other two will follow his lead.’
‘Very well, Doella, Sark, and I will move with the army.’
‘When?’
‘The day after tomorrow. Prast is an excellent logistician.’
Doella and Trasnos watched them leave. She took him to his room to sleep. Back in her apartments, she heard Minoth calling. She ignored him.
His voice was in her head. ‘Mother, it’d be easy for me to stop the old King’s breathing. Come to me, as you promised.’

He waited not on their usual planet, but on a lonely airless mass of rock where he’d built a tall glass tower. On the top, he formed a room, with only a Varan-style bubble to contain the atmosphere. In the centre of the room, a fire burned in an open hearth. The low walls were made of waterfalls, which ran in rivulets down the tower walls. It was beautiful, and Minoth noted Doella’s approval.
Several hours later, she left her smirking son and found Wylane. He knew where she’d been and worried. He paced the old lair where he’d helped hatch the first of his siblings. To the young dragons, it was a place of legend.
She spoke about the plans to scatter the troops. ‘Please don’t overdo it and try not to burn anything.’
‘Of course.’
‘You can control yourself, Wylane. I direct my remarks to Voloc and Shee.’
‘We are listening, mother. We are not to destroy, but frighten,’ said Shee.
‘And keep it up until the Bayoth army gets there.’
‘Yes, mother,’ agreed Voloc.
It was late, and Trasnos had fallen asleep over his supper. Doella removed the plate from his lap and left him to sleep. She returned to her apartments. Reliving old times here on Levos, she employed more usual methods of travel and walked along the passage. The corridor she remembered was getting longer, and the walls squeezed inwards. She heard a sharp sound ending in her name. ‘Doella?’
‘Wylar? Wylar!’ she shouted in reply.
Everything returned to normal. She staggered, and a guard in the passageway came to her aid and helped her to sit. ‘My lady, are you alright?’
‘Thank you, soldier.’
But standing behind him was Wylar, not Wylane.

Trasnos woke up with a start. He perceived something was wrong and with difficulty moved into the aisle. Wylane, not Wylar stood there with the guard, he’d understood something strange happened and came to his mother’s aid.
‘What’s going on?’ Trasnos’ voice sounded weaker than usual, ‘Doella, are you all right?’
‘Yes, Trasnos,’ Doella’s voice was also subdued.
‘My mother is fine,’ said Wylane.
Trasnos understood this was not a son of Sark or Carnos. He’d never seen such a creature.
‘Trasnos, this is my son Wylane. He realised I felt unwell. He’ll look after me, don’t worry. You are tired, go to bed. I’ll visit you in the morning.’
The King still looked doubtful. ‘Are you sure?’
‘Yes, I’m sorry I missed our supper appointment. I’ll see you tomorrow,’ she insisted.
Doella took Wylane’s arm, and he helped her down the corridor to her room. She said nothing until they were inside the apartment.
She sat and put her head back against the chair. ‘Wylane, it was your father.’
‘No one returns from oblivion - at least, not as themselves. We must be mistaken.’
‘We? So you felt him too. Once before at his cairn, I was sure I saw him, remember? I decided it had to be a trick of the light, and my longing for him - and I’m given hints he returned as Vrash. Why has this happened… and why now?’
Without thinking, Wylane materialised wine in goblets and into his mother’s hand. He normally used more orthodox methods, and Doella realised he was as upset as she was. She gulped the drink and allowed Wylane to refill her glass.
‘It was as if the corridor led me into a different world or dimension,’ she insisted. ‘Stay with me tonight, I don’t want to be alone.’
Later, Minoth called to her again. She was too weak to fight, so she travelled to his tower, but as if seeking to disorient her, he moved them to unfamiliar surroundings. The place had no walls, just swirling black smoke with no solid edges. Doella was uneasy and noticed a lengthy table set with candlesticks made of the crystalline material, which temporarily disrupted her powers.
‘Minoth, these will not hold me here.’
‘I don’t need long. And besides, you are not well are you, mother dear?’
‘I told you not to continue calling me.’ She sensed a change in the air and realised other beings now inhabited the smoking shadows.
‘Come, mother, lie here on this warm rug until the dizziness passes.’
The black smoke distorted the flames of the candles. Minoth was rough as usual, sucking her milk and biting her nipples, and scratching at her smooth skin, but in her drug-like condition, she felt only want - no one else hurt her. He moved to her crotch and rolled the fleshy parts of her labia between his teeth, and when she murmured with desire, he entered her. She heard a twittering of suppressed laughter and lust from minds around her, but all she saw was swirling fog. As he finished, they were in the glass tower again. Doella didn’t move but lay with her eyes closed, and when she opened them, Minoth watched her with an unfathomable expression.
‘How lovely you are. Everyone tells you - they always have, even when you were a child. You believe your beauty has no hold over you as it might have over a lesser, weaker personality.’
‘Please, Minoth let me heal in peace.’
‘Why, mother? No one but me can leave marks on your body as I do. Vrash could, but he is gentle and caring - and Wylane? No, he doesn’t have the power, does he? Aren’t I beautiful too? Like Var or my father, and your sons. So why don’t you care for me as you love them?’ The chicken or the egg phrase came into Doella’s mind from her Earth. ‘Well, of course, mother, if you loved me when I was a baby - but you’ve always wondered, haven’t you?’
Doella returned to the old lair instead of the palace. Wylane waited for her.
‘Every time he calls for you, you come back sadder, Doella.’
‘I have to go. Remember what resulted when I refused him.’
‘I understand your reasoning, but this scars you.’
‘Please, Wylane, leave it alone. I was more upset over what transpired in the palace corridor earlier.’
‘You believe father tried to communicate with you?’ Wylane wondered but wasn’t convinced.
‘Yes, and you think so too.’
‘Perhaps, but your mind wants this. As you say, you feel as if you are controlled, given dreams, which offer prophecies, out of time or context…’ he shrugged. ‘How can we be sure it’s father and not the dream-makers?’
Doella nodded. ‘I’d prefer to stay the night here. I thought the memories would hurt, but I’m happier.’
‘Do you want me to leave you?’
‘No, of course not, make me a bed like the one I shared with your father and let me sleep in your arms.’
Minoth called her several times over the next few days, but she ignored him until she sensed his frustration reach boiling point and had to go. She went to her sea planet, not the tower, forcing him to come to her.
‘Why didn’t you come when I called you?’ he retorted, as he walked out of the sea to meet her. 
She didn’t reply. His face was contorted. He saw the look of horror on his mother’s face and changed his expression.
‘You ask me too often.’
‘You are lying, and burn for me as I rage for you. Come, join me in the smoke hall again.’
She did. This time as they made love, she noticed shapes in the moving shadows, and as she reached orgasm, she heard laughter. Then they were back in the tower.
‘Minoth, who is watching us?’
‘No one.’

He kissed her, and she fell asleep only to wake up in the room again. She lay on the long table and Minoth touched her as several strange hybrid creatures observed them. She was weak again. The creatures wore jewellery made from the crystal trees. They were a curious group - hominid, but far from attractive to a Varan’s eyes, for they were creatures of nightmares. Some had horns and huge bestial mouths, or scales instead of hair, none like another. Doella understood these were hybrids made by her son. They were parodies of her Earth children, and Minoth hadn’t created them with beauty in mind.
Doella experienced overwhelming horror. The monsters watched as Minoth stroked her clitoris. They too gasped at her pleasure, as they had previously.
‘Who are these wretched creatures? Why do you let them watch us?’ Doella could only whisper.
‘They don’t think of themselves as inferior beings, although it’s true they represent an odd assortment of genes. For a while, it amused me to create them. How they want you, even the women?’
‘Why don’t these crystals affect you?’
‘Like Var, my power is my own.’

Doella struggled to escape from the horror but hadn’t overcome the effects of the crystals. The creatures came closer. Doella lay on the table, unable to move. The volume of smoke increased, and Minoth moved away as if he were smoke too, leaving her to his eager minions. One creature, a large beast, with a single horn above an almost human face, and a mis-proportioned body with a narrow waist and broad shoulders, looked at Minoth for his approval. Minoth inclined his head in agreement. Doella saw the creature’s enormous erect phallus.
‘Minoth, stop this, please!’
‘No mother, not until they are finished with you. I pledged you to them. They believe I am their god, and you, their goddess of love. They hate what they are and take it out on your loveliness. As I do.’
‘Minoth!’ she screamed, but her son took satisfaction at the sight of his mother’s terror.
‘I promised them beauty, and power and dominion over many worlds. Join us and receive this pain and joy.’
‘No!’ Doella’s strength returned, and she sat up weeping. ‘No, never!’
Minoth’s eyes blazed with anger as if he’d explode into flames. He raised his fist to strike her, but Doella was gone.

Chapter 8
She experienced shock, and unable to return to Levos, she left to weep on Vrash the father’s planet and lay in the flowers until her tears dried. But her self-disgust and fear stayed with her and she rested there unmoving, reliving the horror of her son’s betrayal. Why offer her to his dreadful minions? The effort of the escape and her terror exhausted her. Her body healed, but her psyche was wounded. She got up and walked to the home to eat and bathe. The house created a bright robe for her, like morning stars in a pale blue sky, and she held it close around her. She had to face everyone, they’d realise what happened. She kept the beautiful dress on, but instead of arriving on Levos as she intended, she found herself back in the corridor, and it was unstable again.

This time she didn’t panic but followed the passage as it stretched before her. It seemed endless. There was an exit at the end but she couldn’t reach it, so bending forward as far as she could, she grabbed hold of it. The door opened inwards and pulled her into complete blackness. She was disorientated, her feet were not on the ground, and she spun around unable to stop. At last, she focused on a small pinprick of light. It rushed towards her as if it had sucked her through the tiny aperture into a green valley full of trees, with a river running through it. She heard the drone of insects and the sound of birdcalls, and the warm sun shone overhead. Sensing someone behind her, she turned.
‘Wylar, my love, it was you calling.’ She ran to him and held him close - he appeared real.
‘No, Doella, you can’t stay here with me.’ He knew her first thought.
‘Why not? I’m so drained, tired of the fighting and of being used,’ she shivered at the most recent of her memories.
‘My love, you understand why you must go back. He can’t hurt you, my dragon wife.’
‘I realise what he tried to do, he wanted me to join him, didn’t he?’
‘Yes, but he miscalculated your need for him. You love sex but are not destructive, you are a protector and a nurturer. A mother and you wouldn’t leave those you cherish for such as he.’
‘Sometimes,’ she paused, ‘I thought he was trying to seduce me to his ways. It was the bliss of the pain. It was such an alien sensation, so strong, it gave me pleasure.’
He bent to kiss her. He felt real!
‘Am I dead?’ she asked.
‘No, but I am. I am with you too, I follow your life.’
‘It’s not the same.’
‘It can’t be. Vrash is himself and holds me too, so I remain until I am reborn our next time. All those who live, live again, and part of them remains. You are one self as I am, the one Wylar. You’ve never lived before - how could you? You are always The Cael,’ he replied. ‘I’ve come to help and guide you.’
Doella sensed he meant to take her somewhere. ‘Where are you taking me?’
‘To meet the one who made you.’
‘Do you mean god - the face I’ve never seen? Have you met him, Wylar?’
‘No, only heard his voice.’

Doella heard music as if the sounds of nature around her had come together in natural sympathy, and she wept, for it reminded her of the elder Vrash’s world.
When she lifted her head, she was in a place of light. Wylar still held her, but she sensed another close, she didn’t recognise. The signature was paradoxical. Suggesting a presence vast and cold, and yet minuscule and hot. She closed her eyes and clung to Wylar, and her tears flowed again.
Doella, a voice said - but it spoke inside her mind.
‘Yes,’ she whispered aloud.
‘Let go of your guilt and pain.’
‘How can I? Are you the god who created me? If so, why make me suffer?’
There was a pause. ‘I prepared you.’
‘Why did you create me as I am?’
‘All of us have a destiny. Some no more than a brief existence repeated over and over. Others, like you, a more important part to play.’
‘I’m so tired,’ she clung tighter to Wylar, ‘I don’t wish to keep doing this, let me stay here with Wylar.’
‘You don’t choose to remain.’
‘I don’t want Minoth to touch me again. He corrupts me and I am so ashamed. How can I face my family?’
‘You survived the test. You made your choice.’
‘Yes, but what now? He’ll say I’ve broken my promise to him and continue to destroy. How can I stop him?’
‘He wants to undo what you create. Doella, don’t give up.’
‘Yes, I understand,’ she felt lighter.
‘Doella?’
‘Yes.’
‘I have no face.’
She was back in the palace passage again. It was morning, and the sun shone through an open door. Doella sat on a bench and cried for her loss. A guard started forward to help her but stopped as if frozen in time, although Doella’s time frame remained normal. The corridor shimmered, the exit at the end opened, and Wylar came through.
He knelt beside her. ‘Doella, my dear love, your tears are for the forgiveness you need, not for me.’
‘Stay with me, Wylar.’
‘I can’t, but I am always with you in reality, and in my world I watch you, feel with you, and love you.’
The corridor quivered again, and he was gone.

The guard continued his walk toward her. ‘My lady, they looked for you.’
‘Why, how long was I away?’
‘The man looked puzzled and afraid. ‘Three weeks.’
Doella recovered her poise. ‘How time flies. Thank you, soldier, how is the king?’
‘Worried about you.’
‘I’ll go to him.’
‘Doella, at last. Sark told me not to worry,’ Trasnos was overjoyed to see her safe. ‘Where have you been? That curious man is often waiting in the passage saying you will soon return.’
‘Wylane knows I’m back. I can’t stay. I must travel to the Main City. Have you seen Sark or Carnos?’
‘They came back when you disappeared. They used a strange box in the passageway and said a time shift occurred. Carnos worried, but Sark said you were fine and you’d come back when the loop returned. I am not a Clos, so I didn’t understand what he meant, but he was right.’
Using the old Levos name for the Hyclos brought up many memories for Doella and puzzlement at what the loop might mean. A time shift on a loop? It was an archaic concept compared to No-Time and made little sense to Doella.

Wylane waited for her in the apartment.
Doella ran into his arms and they held each other while she showed him what happened.
‘It made sense at the time, and I’m better for the experience. But why did the event show up as a time shift, when I can travel in No-Time? Why, when I meet my supposed god and my long-dead love, does it come up as a primitive time shift?’ Doella was sceptical she’d met a god, but Wylar seemed real.
‘Perhaps it appeared that way to reassure you. Theoretically, in a time loop, you must return to the same position after a period determined by the size of the loop.’
‘Trasnos said you waited in the corridor. Didn’t anyone know when to expect me?’ It still didn’t add up.
‘Sark took readings and measurements but said the time loop was erratic. We expected you to come back earlier than this.’
‘I suppose I’ll never find out what happened. I must accept it’s over and I’m grieving for your father again.’ She shrugged off her negative feelings. ‘How are things progressing?’
‘Shee and Voloc are doing a good job harassing Slavin’s armies. He tries to reassure them they are only a wizard’s projections and are not real, but most of the troops disagree with him. Since most of them are afraid of him, there haven’t been many deserters. Shee and Voloc resisted using fire. We are waiting for Trasnos’ units to get into position, so it looks as if the victory is Prast’s instead of ours.’ He changed the subject. ‘You didn’t tell me everything.’
‘I will, but I’d prefer to show it to you all, as I can’t keep reliving the experience. What it means though is I’ll never see Minoth alone again. I need time to myself. I’ll join you and the other two and then explain.’
Doella filled the bath herself instead of waiting for the servants but was unable to relax, her mind too full of questions. She needed to confide in her friends so they could help her understand what might happen next. She’d foolishly trusted Minoth, and he’d betrayed her trust. He was far eviler than she’d admitted, and now they’d have to fight. Minoth misunderstood her if he thought she’d live only for their perverted pleasures, and he could turn her to his side. But had she encouraged that impression?
She wondered if he’d imagined she’d enjoy being raped by those creatures. She shuddered. Her self-disgust and uncertainties returned until she remembered the words of the being from the time loop, and her fears melted away. Whoever or whatever it was helped her. It had to be science, not dreams, perhaps ‘time loop’ explained it so simply when she looked for a metaphysical interpretation. Her mind turned to her lost love, but this part of her experience was fading like a dream and she strove to keep it fresh. Why would a being with the powers of a god use a time shift? Wylane’s simplistic explanation was a possibility. Or was it a test? She was once a Varan, and in her heart had trouble believing this faceless one was not just her architect, but also the creator of everything. The Varan created worlds and creatures. They described their genetic feats as science - why shouldn’t this be science too?
Wylar had held her - he was real! She remembered his touch and the expression in his eyes when he looked at her. Desperate for the memory not to fade, she wept again. Doella realised deep inside, she knew everything. She’d no wish to recall it, not yet. She understood her energy came from her crystals, and they tapped the power of another unknown place, where her lost love was real. Unless it was a dream of her devising. One day she’d go deeper, but not today.
She moved to the camp to see Sark and Carnos. Wylane was there. A meeting of the generals was in progress, and Doella waited for them to emerge from the tent.
As usual, Carnos was tense and angry. ‘What’s happened? Where have you been? You are different.’
‘I’ve been to hell and then to heaven,’ she replied. She informed them what transpired.
They struggled to believe her report. Sark, Parsos and Carnos’ faces reflected Doella’s horror and disgust and changed when she mentioned her meeting with Wylar.
Carnos was jealous. Although he and Wylar had a truce, he always believed Wylar took her from him. There was a bond between them he and Doella never had.
‘I needed him after what I’d endured. Maybe why I was drawn into the time loop, because I required help to cope with my decision never to go to Minoth again. I’ll never forget what he tried to do to me - I’ll always remember. He’ll escalate the conflicts and many more will die because of me, but I can’t go back!’
‘We’re glad, Doella, it affected you,’ Sark whispered. ‘Carnos and I realised he sought to change you and were worried he might succeed, but Wylane never doubted you.’

‘Thank you, Wylane,’ she paused and saw Parsos looked ill. ‘Please, Parsos don’t be distressed. What transpired between us was a long time ago. But I’ll never forget what I endured under Minoth.’ Wylane put his hand on Parsos’ shoulder and used his skills to help him - an unusual gesture from the dragon. Doella smiled gratefully at her son, but Sark and Carnos were too upset to notice. ‘We mustn’t dwell on what happened, must we?’ she added, trying to sound bright, ‘we need to finish this so we can make plans.’
‘Varan ways take too long, Doella,’ Wylane said, coming straight to the point. ‘We can’t afford polite rules now. Minoth doesn’t follow them, and neither should we. It hinders our progress.’
‘Yes, Wylane,’ agreed Doella, ‘Kill Slavin, we don’t have time for this.’
‘Doella, you can’t.’ Carnos was aghast.
‘It will save lives,’ Doella said, ‘don’t worry, Minoth hasn’t corrupted me. Wylane is right, our old Varan rules hold us back. Besides, why let two armies clash and allow many to die when we can execute one individual and prevent it? Things must change. Once we’ve finished here, we need a serious council of war on Wylar. Sark, will you inform Prast we’ll not need his army to fight.’
It was soon over. With Slavin dead, it disinclined his other generals to continue, especially after a visit from the dragons. Instead of a battle, Prast had to deal with the logistics of disposing of many prisoners. Doella said a painful farewell to Trasnos. She promised she’d visit, and made a silent one she’d come back and help him die peacefully, thus facing her fears.

Chapter 9
They met on Wylar. Lansdow brought five squadrons of loyal Karish with him. He hadn’t sought council approval - as Doella, he understood they required immediate action. Gote believed in her too, as did the Karish who knew her. The Black Ship had taken many attendees from Astras and Varan, and Parella and the dragons had used their powers to create accommodation. Doella wondered how temporary this alliance would be. So did Parella, who was considering building another large house near the original one, for even here on pastoral Wylar, cities were being formed. Hath and Dolar arrived from their new colony planet of Wyland. Hath was happy to see his friends.

They crammed the main hall full of interested parties. As expected, Core was chairperson. Doella sat beside him and felt great happiness and fierce pride as she watched so many of her family and friends gathered together. As usual, Screetha sat next to her mother, Doella sensed she had something to tell her, but Screetha kept silent.

Wylane opened with a polite greeting. ‘My friends, both old and new, welcome to Wylar. You’ve been briefed as to why you are here, and we expect the conflicts we experience to escalate. We are here to find means for combating Minoth.’ What more could he say?
Core asked Doella to speak. She stood up nervously, unlike her usual confident self. ‘You perceive, my son Minoth is very different from the rest of my fine offspring…’ she hesitated a moment and closed her eyes. ‘The Varan believes my dragon children are evil, like the wild ones who tried to destroy our beautiful home.’ Doella recovered her composure and resolve. ‘I am now more dragon than Varan and as my mentors always informed me, “dragon ways will suffice.” Minoth my son desires me. To a dragon, it’s neither abhorrent nor unusual. To the Varan, a despicable act, unheard of in their society. You know two of my sons are my lovers - Wylane and Vrash, Vrash fathered Minoth, and Var, his twin brother.’
Gote briefed the Karish, but hearing the confirmation from the young woman was still shocking - Lansdow was uncomfortable. Doella continued, ‘As he requested, I went to Minoth’s bed. I told myself it was to save lives and civilisations… but in reality for gratification. Not the pleasure from love, but from what I can only describe as hate. He gave me suffering, physical pain, something I’d not known for a long time and my body yearned for it. Yet I insisted I sacrificed myself to prevent him destroying all I love… but I deceived myself. I became dependent on our vicious pleasures, as he intended. But he miscalculated my appetites because the welfare of my family and friends was far more important. He believed I belonged to him, and he pushed further with his scorn. Was this the ultimate test?’ She showed them what he almost did to her. The Karish were shocked, how any being could be so brutal to his birth mother. Most shook their heads in disbelief; one left his seat. ‘I informed him I’d never willing lie with him again, though I realised he’d cause terrible wars and disasters. But I’m unsure if I made the right judgement, what of those who might die, because of me. Do any of you suppose my decision was wrong?’
Core looked across at Lansdow, who’d not known everything, and saw the anger on his face and in the lines of his rigid body. He stood up to speak. ‘I for one believe you did the right thing. If we allow you to accept the horror to save us, then we are all hypocrites.’
The other Karish indicated their agreement.

Doella sat. She hadn’t mentioned her meeting with Wylar. The logical Varan wouldn’t understand, they’d consider her mad and she’d lose them - and they needed everybody to pull together.
Core understood this and agreed with her tactics, so he continued. ‘I have lived with Doella for many years and learned to love her. We are often in conflict because I still think of her as a Varan and she does not. Everything she does, everyone she touches with her affection appears to be part of a greater plan. Whose it is I can’t say and neither can she. I’ve always believed in her, no matter how much we argued. Her lovers and her children experience her immense love and kindness, not only for them but also for all sentient, even none sentient life. Will you despise her because she was once a Varan and now a dragon? There will be times when we must listen to her inner voices and do as they ask. There may be no scientific basis or logic to support them, and we find this difficult. Are you prepared to follow her without question?’
An elder Karish stood up - as Doella’s friend, Gote could not speak for them. ‘My name is Valuc. Doella, like many others here, I’ve studied you and will follow. The others are willing, too. We’ll not risk our salvation by condemning the way you live your life. We want to help because in doing so we save ourselves. I took an oath that Varan always comes before self. Lansdow, our First Councillor, is here, and this tells us how important this meeting is.’

This was Lansdow’s cue to speak again. ‘Core and I are formulating ideas as to what we can do to help if Varan is threatened. We have expected trouble ever since the birth of the twins. But, we are not here with the blessing of the full council. We’ve many friends, but most prefer to hide and pretend nothing is happening. How could there be a threat from a hybrid? Those of us here understand, and will save our planet despite the views of the majority of her citizens.’ He paused and looked at Core. ‘Tell everyone how we progress.’
‘Doella knows many of the worlds Minoth tried to influence. His plans have been long in the making, and he uses many methods to create as much chaos as possible. So far, these ideas have been relatively restrained. He is capable of much worse. You are aware of the destruction of the planet he once lived on - how he treated his mother. We are keeping several planets under surveillance. Apart from Levos, we haven’t made enough progress, we are still gathering information about cause and effect. Doella found nearly two thousand affected planets, most of them our Earths. There are old Hyclos experiments too, and some alien to us. The latter is the most difficult to police. We understand our worlds and the Hyclos creations too, because of our allies on Astras. But we need more men on the ground. Working with Lansdow, Gote, and Doella, we’ve identified the ones in the greatest danger. Not only do we have the seventy-five Karish here to watch, but many of Doella’s children and friends too.’
Core paused for comments, but none were forthcoming, so he carried on with the ideas.
‘The major problem at present is Cantos. Minoth gives them technology, and they are becoming a rival to Varan’s status. Doella is watching that. Her sons, Vrash, and Var will continue to act as The Go-Betweens and help with travel or any difficulties we can’t manage alone. As you are aware, Doella possesses added powers to those of a Varan, and so do Vrash and their son Var - and so does Minoth, Var’s twin. They are the only ones who can confront him. Everyone else must flee and request aid.’
Var stood. ‘I am Var. Minoth is unsure of our capabilities. He has no wish to end his life, and his obsession with self-preservation stands us in good stead.’ Vrash stood beside him, and Var continued, ‘This is my father, Vrash. We’ll give you our signatures. No matter where you are, we can be with you at once. Please register with us.’
The first meeting ended. Doella looked over at Screetha, but she shook her head. I’ll tell you when we are alone, she insisted.
Doella made an excuse to leave and Screetha followed her to her room.
‘What’s the matter, Screetha?’
‘I have seen very disturbing scenes in my mind, mother. I believe Minoth intends to destroy Varan Earths.’
Doella sat, devastated. ‘No doubt he believes it will be a suitable punishment for me.’
‘It’s not your fault, mother. It’s the way it has to be.’
‘You keep saying that, but I don’t accept it. I’m responsible. Have you any idea how I can stop him?’
‘My foresight only tantalises me, it doesn’t even tell me which Earths are affected. How it should be.’
‘You accept this so calmly, but I can’t. I must fight it. How best can you aid us, Screetha?’
‘I’ll stay here and help Core.’

Wylane entered. ‘Why did you two leave? They allocate the planets to our personnel.’
‘Screetha saw Minoth destroying some of our Varan Earths,’ Doella explained.
‘Why can’t you three kill him?’ Wylane asked.
Doella shrugged.
‘You realise it’s too dangerous,’ replied Screetha for her mother, ‘who knows what will be destroyed along with him.’
‘We need the other Blue Guardians to aid us, but they must hide. I keep calling them…’ Doella sounded near tears.
‘Don’t give up,’ said Screetha, taking her hand.
‘I’ve no time to go searching for them?’
With usual Karish efficiency, and with the dragons’ help, they deployed the teams. Vrash and Var took those to distant destinations.
Doella was alone when Minoth mind-spoke her, begging her to join him, at first cajoling and then becoming belligerent, full of rage and abuse. ‘If you don’t, mother, I’ll destroy your precious Varan.’
She didn’t reply.
Doella travelled to Cantos, she’d delayed seeing Shish long enough. He was angry she hadn’t returned sooner, but there was something else behind his displeasure. He still wanted her and he even betrayed his people by telling her of the new weapon Minoth supplied. Doella realised he tried to keep thoughts from her.
‘Minoth has given you more than armament specifications, hasn’t he? It upsets you, I sense it.’
 ‘He says you are a whore, all you are is lust, and you mate with anything with a penis. I want to believe it’s not true, but he showed me such scenes.’ He recalled the memories Minoth gave him to show Doella.
Shish saw a flicker of pain cross her face before her eyes blazed with a fury not directed at him.
Her voice was soft. ‘He doesn’t show everything. Those creatures of his didn’t have me. They made the jewellery they wore of the same crystal he made you to trap me.’
‘But I sensed your pleasure.’
‘Minoth is lying. I escaped,’ her voice cracked with emotion. ‘I told him I’d never see him again. He over-estimated his hold over me. I am not evil. If Minoth whispers poison into your ears and your mind, he will corrupt you too and force me to destroy you.’
Shish’s expression was not of fear, but confusion. He loved Doella. Even if she didn’t reciprocate his feelings, he hoped in time she’d care for him. But was undecided. If she was the whore Minoth called her, she might use him. Then he decided. ‘I may be a fool Doella, but as you no doubt realise, I love you. I believe your version of the story, even though it’s obvious some fault lies with you.’
‘Yes, it does,’ she admitted. Shish was hers, and so in danger. But Minoth had gone too far. The latest technology he had given to Cantos could bring down Varan’s planetary defences. If Cantos sent enough troops, Varan could be defeated.
She was unsure what to do, so she excused herself and appeared in Lansdow’s office. She explained what she discovered.
‘You and Vrash and Var will help us.’
‘Yes, but you realise how cunning Minoth is, instead, we will change the defences ourselves. I’ll bring Carnos here to support you. I can’t stay, Shish is weakening, and I don’t want Minoth undoing what I’ve been able to achieve. The Cantos are determined to be the dominating force in this sector.’ She kissed him and was gone.
When she left Shish, Minoth returned and whispered more lies about her. Shish couldn’t fight him, although he struggled at first, but the harder he tried the worse he became. He felt as if he was going insane. Finally, he shouted and raved in the middle of a meeting, and everyone was concerned.
‘Shut up! Shut up!’ he screamed, moving his hands as if attacked by a plague of insects. He was relieved of command and taken away for a medical assessment. They detained him in a holding unit for his safety. Doella came as soon as she realised something was wrong. She held him and tried to undo the harm her son did, but she knew Minoth had won. She could have healed him, but Screetha advised her no. While she considered what to do, the medics sent him home to rest, but his wife refused, saying he might hurt their children, so he moved to his apartment instead.

Doella arrived too late - his brains were splattered across the walls. He used his blaster at full power. It had smashed his head to bits like a melon in a press.
A white-faced young soldier handed her a note, a scribble on a piece of plastic. ‘It’s addressed to you, Ambassador.’
She opened it.
“Doella, you are aware of how I loved you, although I tried hard not to. You didn’t care for me. I told myself it didn’t matter, but it did. Minoth was eating into my brain, telling me what a whore you were. I realised I was your pawn too. He is determined to destroy everything you love. May we meet again in the next world.’

She shed tears for the waste of a life. Then called on Lansdow and showed him the note. He read it, and they were both silent. Carnos, sensing Doella’s presence, came. Lansdow handed him the correspondence and Doella transmitted what had happened.
Lansdow came to life as Carnos comforted Doella. ‘It’s time for a proper drink,’ he said, brought out a bottle of the forbidden liquor. They downed it.
 ‘Phew! No wonder this stuff’s illegal,’ said Carnos gasping, ‘I’ve had none for years. So what do we do, Doella?’
‘If I try to influence another Pelve, Minoth will drive them insane too, and I don’t want it on my conscience. We must retreat to a position of surveillance, but they have the capabilities to damage Varan. My guess is Minoth is worming his way into the head of Shish’s replacement.’
 ‘I’ve persuaded the council we must upgrade the shields and develop weapons. But it’s not easy to persuade Varan to train as troops - we are far too “cultured” a race.’ Lansdow worried. ‘I’ll stay here for a while. Vrash or Var must replace me if I leave. I sense an attack may come soon.’ Doella accepted another drink.
She was right. Three weeks later the Pelve struck, and Doella accessed the planet’s covers to strengthen them. Carnos woke to see Doella standing on the balcony of their room, shining bright with blue power. From her hands came crackling bolts of energy, which arced, into the invisible shields high above the planet. The Cantos missiles exploded far above the atmosphere. 	The complacent Varan realised the truth of Lansdow’s talk of war, and at last, able men and women volunteered to create an army to protect their homeworld. Many others offered to help with weapon development to keep ahead of Cantos technology. Despite this, Varans shared the opinion they were no longer a vibrant, pre-eminent race, and their culture was dying under the weight of its redundant ideals. Minoth had won.
The Cantos retreated, knowing even with Minoth’s help they couldn’t win a weapons war. Varan returned to being a planet of peace, beauty, and idyllic family life. But they abandoned the Earth projects as Varan turned in upon itself, which represented another victory for Minoth.
They made little progress in stopping the wars on the planets where Doella’s friends tried to make a difference. So far, they restored peace on six worlds. A tired and dispirited Doella took Carnos back home to Astras. She knew she must avoid meeting Minoth, for a confrontation would only escalate his mischief. Like Var, Vrash and her dragon children, she helped during emergencies. This was not enough to keep her distracted, and she had time to drown in guilt and remorse. Although Minoth no longer whispered to her, she dreamed of him every night and she didn’t find sleep a refuge, but something to be dreaded. She became more and more withdrawn. She often sat in her garden, avoiding company, but in her mind, she screamed for Wylar to help her. But there was only empty blackness without a pinprick of light… and she couldn’t cry. She decided to leave and search again for the other guardians. Everyone understood, but her farewells to her family were heart-rending for Doella. They begged her not to stay away too long, but she made no commitments.
First, she visited the elder Vrash’s world, but even its peace couldn’t heal her, but add to her loneliness. She missed Vrash the father, for she needed his help now more than ever.
She spoke aloud, hoping he could hear her. ‘I’ve failed everyone, Vrash. Did I believe sleeping with Minoth might save him and us? All it did was corrupt me too. Where shall I go to retrieve my wits and my sanity? I must get peace.’ So she searched to find somewhere to recover her damaged psyche.
She found a refuge far away from both Varan and Astras in an unexplored corner of her galaxy. The people resembled her, seeming more Varan than humans, or any of the child races.
But theirs was a planet without beauty or physical perfection. She didn’t search for a genetic connection with her race, guessing this world might have something to do with the Litza.
Doella hoped they’d accept her presence and allow her to stay. She walked into one of the small settlements and was surrounded by happy smiling faces, which contrasted with their bleak planet. It was always dark and rained often. Lightning crisscrossed the sky, revealing glimpses of a red world with crimson clouds. ‘Come with us,’ the people said and took her to a large cave divided by screens into living quarters. It was almost a dragon lair, and its white screening curtains reminded her of her home on Varan.
Emotionally drained, she lay on the narrow bed in her tiny cell and her tears returned. She fell asleep wiping the salty liquid from her cheeks.
Many people came to look at the lovely girl who’d come from nowhere. One young man was enthralled. How beautiful was this gift from the goddess? Unlike the others, he went in and stroked her bright gold hair. Doella slept peacefully on, her dreams no longer marred by the cruel face of her evil son.

Chapter 10
They called themselves the Chasol. Despite a long and once-powerful lineage, these people were now like children. They worshipped an all-seeing, all-knowing god. This being looked after them, everything came from the deity. It was a simple belief and simply practised.
Doella found peace here and for a few moments would forget her pain and smile as the gentle, willing Chasol told her stories. She did not reveal the probable truth of their origins, their own stories were far more beautiful. These elders had created nothing in their likeness, and she understood why. Only gods created, and these children were as nature intended. They needed no enhancements for beauty or talents and required no genetic tampering.
They were as pale-skinned as the palest human, but their skin did not glow like a Varan. Their hair was a uniform dark brown, and there were no variations in this or their soft grey eye colour. They lived short but happy lives, proving the maxim, ignorance is bliss. They believed Doella had come from their god, and the more she denied it the more they believed it. The man who stroked her hair, as she slept never took his eyes from her, but for once Doella made no move to seduce him. She had no wish to destroy his gentle innocence.
She listened to their stories and smiled, but now and then, she’d remember Minoth, and the boy noticed her sadness. He watched her from afar, as she listened to the teller of tales. The few children she saw seemed to belong to everyone, and she saw no signs of sexual behaviour, nor was there any evidence of partnership or marriage. How ironic she should seek peace in a place like this, trying to escape her pain and guilt on a planet without sex. Still, she could see the young man struggled with something. Perhaps it was a newly awakened desire for physical love.
One day, another elderly woman, not the ancient teller of tales, answered Doella's questions about their social structure. ‘We are a family group, and there are other families like ours spread all over our world. The colour of our robes tells us we are one.’ They wore the same shade of blue, even the children, but instead of the long shapeless gowns the older Chasol wore, the young were clad in short tunics.
‘I see no evidence of marriage,’ Doella said.
‘The word is unfamiliar to me,’ said the woman Runa, looking puzzled.
‘It is when a man and a woman join to make children.’
Runa looked shocked. ‘We do not join. Our children come to us from the Malleth, and the Malleth comes from god. When one of us is ageing the Malleth replaces that one with a child.’
‘Can I see the Malleth?’
‘We would have to ask our god first, and I will ask for you. But if he requests your seed, you must give it.’
‘My seed?’
‘Yes, every two years on Cuzos day, our young men and women stand before the Malleth and he chooses who will give him their seed. He mixes the seed to get the best of creation.’
It fascinated Doella, for this explained everything. She wondered if the first people in this culture had fought the edict against physical sex. ‘When is the next Cuzos day?’
‘In a month. I will ask the god if you may attend. It might upset the Malleth, for you are not one of us.’
Despite their unusual methods of propagation, these people were content. Their food and water were also supplied by the Malleth, so probably replicated. Doella looked forward to meeting this computer, for it seemed to do everything for the Skreell, one of many tribes of the Chasol. But she was concerned, for this Malleth must be ancient and would one day fail or falter. When it did, she knew she’d have to look after these charming people.
The young man worried her, too. His name was Scane, and he still watched her. She realised he searched for knowledge concerning his strange feelings. The Skreell were once telepathic, but they no longer used that method of communication. Doella exchanged some harmless stories with them as Cuzos approached. Runa told her the god had not forbidden her to go to the Malleth for choosing.
After dressing the younger adults in white robes and they filed along a taboo path, except for those who served the Malleth. Doella was the last in a line of females and Scane manoeuvred to be by her side. They had to hold hands, the closest physical contact Doella had with any of them, and she experienced a brief surge of desire before she could control it. Scane felt it, and at last, he understood his feelings. She heard his thoughts, for he did not understand how to control them, and saw confused memories of a different planet with bright skies and scenes of immodestly dressed men and women. She’d unearthed a few elusive fragments of his racial memories and must leave, so this man-child wouldn’t be further corrupted … but first, she must meet the Malleth.

The procession continued up a steep slope towards a pillared cupola. It was empty, and a flight of steps led down from it into the hill. These wide steps were well-lit and still holding hands the couples descended, following Runa. Scane gripped Doella's hand as if with fear.
To herself Doella said, I will not corrupt you, sweet Scane. Be happy here in this beautiful place were evil does not flourish. I must leave you.
At the bottom of the steps, they let go of each other’s hands and still in single file, the men went right and the women left, beneath illuminated arches. Doella knew it was an energy barrier and remained as passive as she could. Through the arch was a foggy red atmosphere. She was scanned. The machine was in her mind, and something confused it.
After a brief silence, it said in her mind. You are not one of us, but you are compatible. Your genes will strengthen us.
No, it will change these dear kind people. I am a woman of physical needs and I will change them. Don’t take my seed.
The god has sent you here so I must take your seed. It paused and seemed to be thinking. The god tells me change is needed, and you will help to bring change.
Doella wished she could think about it but there was no time. Very well, I will make sure I protect them. But first tell me, Malleth… who are you?
No one has ever asked me that question. There was another pause. I do not know.
Doella felt a brief prick in her ovaries. She understood the Malleth took her seed and afraid for what might happen now. Her gown had spots of blood on it, a badge of honour, only about a quarter had blood on their white gowns.
She and Scane walked out together - he’d been honoured too. They were now in a large, bright room where those without blood flecks looked upset. One girl wept, and Runa comforted her.
‘I have been here over a hundred times, and soon I will be too old,’ she said, ‘Why does the Malleth reject me?’
‘You must pray harder, child,’ Runa said helplessly. She turned to smile at Doella.

Scane smiled at her too, dreaming they might mix his seeds with Doellas. The sexes left the room separately, the men going first.

Runa came over to speak to Doella, she seemed excited. ‘Malleth has spoken to me about you. He says you must make the pilgrimage to Desa and seek the all-knowing one. We honour you, few are chosen for this task. I have always hoped to be asked,’ she looked sad for a moment, ‘but I am honoured to have brought you to the Malleth. Go with the others and take your rest, when you wake I will tell you how to get to Desa.’
The others were out of sight and Doella did not try to catch them up. She wanted to avoid Scene, but he waited for her.
She spoke into his mind, Please don’t wait for me. His smile vanished and he looked hurt. ‘Please Scane, don’t come near me. I am not for you.’ She ran past him and hurried into
her cubicle.

She slept, but for the first time in this place of peace, her dreams were dark. She saw Minoth laughing, and then his terrifying malformed generals joined his glee.
Runa woke her and brought food and water, and another gown, this one white too. ‘This gown is the colour of pilgrimage. The road is long, but there are temple stops along the way to help guide you, and to supply you with food, water and clean gowns.’ Doella went into the female washroom to change, and when she came out, Runa handed her a bag of supplies. 
‘I will take you to the boundary of our land,’ she said. Without further ado, the two women walked towards a dusty road. Doella wished she could have said a proper goodbye to her new friends. It was still daylight and the sky was the usual yellowish-pink. Daylight was brief here, the dawn and dusk were long, and then the sky became red. Even the blackness of night held a reddish tinge. The dusk reminded her of old dried blood and the dawn of fresh.
She said goodbye to Runa at a marking boulder at the side of the road. Under their customs, Runa bade her farewell without touching her.
‘May the gods guide you, and may you find the peace you seek.’ She turned and walked away.
Doella started walking. She emptied her mind and walked quickly, but she sensed someone behind her, it was Scane and he hurried to catch her.
Doella waited, sad he’d followed her. His life would no longer be peaceful and happy, and it was her fault. He caught up with her and reached for her hand, but Doella pulled away. He still wore his soiled white gown.
‘Scane, you must go back.’
‘I cannot.’
‘Why, what do you mean?’
‘If I return they will be forced to kill me.’
‘Kill you? I can’t imagine your people are capable of such a thing.’
‘It is the law, the god makes it easy. No one can go beyond the boundaries of our land without the god’s consent. We only leave to go to Desa or another family. They have not asked me to do either, so they will kill me.’
‘Then where can you go, Scane? You can’t come with me.’
‘I must.’
‘Scane, you can’t.’
‘I will follow you wherever you go, for as long as I may live. I expect the god will find me soon and kill me.’
‘Why did you do this?’ But Doella understood it was because of her sexual enhancements, he’d little choice. She’d doomed him. Perhaps when she had finished this pilgrimage she could find him a place of safety. She couldn’t let him perish for her sake.
‘You won’t die. I’ll tell Desa and the Malleth it’s my fault.’ He lifted his hand to her face. ‘Please, Scane, don’t touch me.’
He stepped back looking upset and confused.
The first night they had to sleep in the open. The ground was stony, and Doella found a large smooth rock to lay. She shared her food and water with Scane and then lay down to sleep, telling him to keep away from her. In the night, Scane moved as close to her as he could without touching her. She felt the heat from his body. She pretended she was still asleep, and when he woke, she waited for him on the road. He jumped up when he found her gone and rushed over to her, the fear lifting from his face with relief.
‘It will be easier tonight. Runa told me there is a temple to sleep in.’
‘I cannot visit the temple. The attendants will tell the god and he will have me killed. I will sleep outside.’
They made Doella welcome at the temple. The accommodation was plain but comfortable. The next morning she set off again with more supplies and wearing a clean white gown. A little way down the road Scane waited for her, she gave him food and water.
The journey continued similarly for two weeks. Doella gave Scane the food, and she ate at the temples. But he was still hungry. When they had to sleep in the open he’d come closer, but never touched her. She learned more about the Chasol at each temple. Desa was the main temple, and luckily, the Skreell were not too far away. At the last temple before her destination, an old man came to her and told her the etiquette for entering Desa. She thanked him and tried to rest, but too worried about Scane to sleep. They were only half a day from Desa now, and she had a sense of foreboding, not for herself, but the boy.

Chapter 11
She tried to talk to him the next morning, but he just smiled at her and said she mustn’t worry over him, for he had no fear.
They walked toward a high cliff, a sheer wall of stone. As they neared it, they saw a dark archway. There was little light inside and soon they found themselves in a close airless gorge. The path had disappeared, and the ground was uneven and difficult to walk. They stopped before two plain metal pillars, and Doella understood Scane must come no further. The computer was not expecting him, and the pillars charged with energy.
She turned around. ‘Scane, you cannot get in here. Return beyond the cliff and wait for me. If you enter here without permission, it will kill you.’
‘I cannot leave, I will be happy to die for you. I love you.’
‘Please, Scane,’ she begged, ‘do as I ask. I don’t want your death on my conscience. Do this for me. I’ll come back for you, I promise.’
To her relief, he moved away. Before he could change his mind, she ran through the pedestals. But a foreboding struck her and she stopped and turned. ‘No,’ she screamed, but it was too late. Scane stepped through the pillars after her. Doella rushed to his body, meaning to revive him. His body shimmered, and he was gone and left was his filthy, ragged robe. She picked it up and wept, feeling a momentary rage, but she controlled it. Anger was not an emotion to take to the Desa.

Still clutching his robe, she walked on and entered an artificial cave, which contained a solitary pillar in the centre.
‘Doella.’ The voice was not in her head but boomed around the walls.
‘Why did you kill him?’ she shouted back, ‘he was an innocent child.’
‘He broke the law, and he recalled ancient times.’
‘Yet you still took his sperm.’
‘Your suspicions are correct, we will use your seed to add to our gene base. It needs your strength, which will serve us well.’
‘What happened to the boy’s body?’
‘I returned it.’
Doella remembered her dream. ‘Why is it wherever I go something or someone uses me? I found peace here, and now it’s ruined. Who are you?’
‘I am an artificial intelligence. It created us to look after the children of those who wanted a better life for them. We are here to protect and keep them safe. We must follow our directives no matter what, and that includes what we do when you arrive.’
‘You’ve been expecting me?’
‘Yes, twenty millennia ago they told us we must expect you, and keep functioning until you arrived. We have sacrificed much in waiting.’
Doella was concerned - what had Desa sacrificed? ‘Who asked you to wait for me?’
‘The one who altered the programming.’
‘Who?’
‘Not the original programmer.’
‘So you don’t remember.’ If a machine could be embarrassed Desa was. But it wouldn’t admit to it and remained silent. ‘Very well, Desa, I am here. What do I do now?’
‘Behind the pedestal is a set of steps. Follow them.’
‘And then what?’
‘You will be told when you arrive there. You are safe, we do not wish to harm you, Doella.’
‘You refer to yourself as ‘we’. Who are you?’
Desa was quiet. Doella was angry but intrigued too. She stepped behind the pillar and found the steps. There was no light. Doella could see in the darkness, a nerve-wracking descent. As she descended, Doella sensed the low throbbing of a machine deep underground. It was a long way downwards. Doella found the rhythm of her descent hypnotic, and when she reached the last step, she nearly fell. It was still dark, but she sensed a large space around her. In the centre was a glowing metal cylinder hanging from the ceiling, which she guessed was a trans-bet. She stood under it and was pulled up on a cushion of air. She didn’t resist. This was not a trans-bet she was used to. It wasn’t instantaneous, but she was held in a warm cushioning air stream. It stopped, and it set her on the ground. The area was identical to the earlier one. Doella walked to the steps and began her ascent. It was a long climb, and a challenge for a young, fit Chasol. This time she didn’t emerge into a cave-like room, but on top of a windswept mountain. Judging by the colour of the sky, she was still on Chasol. A voice spoke into her mind.

‘The trans-bet is for the children. It was designed not to frighten them, none now know of their existence.’
There was no sign of any technological structures. ‘Walk around the cliff to your right, past the large boulder,’ the voice told her.
She did so and passed under a metal archway. Remembering Scane, she grieved again and clutched his ragged robe she still carried with her. She walked into another cave, but this one was different. There were bright lights, comfortable furniture, and art, pictures, tapestries, and sculptures.
‘Sit, Doella. I’ll conjure up a being like yourself so you are comfortable with me.’ Doella sat, and a figure emerged from behind one of the larger sculptures, carrying a tray. It looked similar to Runa, but its eyes lacked the original’s spark of life.
‘Please eat and drink, Doella, you have travelled far to come here,’ the figure said. It placed the tray on a low table and then sat opposite her.
‘So, Desa, you have control of this planet?’
‘Yes, we look after the children. But our makers no longer return and they force us to exist alone. It was difficult without their guidance, but then another came and he announced we must wait for you.’
‘Do you remember who he was?’
‘No, I didn’t look at a face.’
‘Did he have a body?’
‘I couldn’t see him - he kept shifting from my sight. Do you know who built and left me here?’
‘I believe I do, they are called the Litza. Perhaps this colony was for those who desired a peaceful world on which to meditate. The more pleasure-seeking members of their race keeping away. They made the machines so they no longer had to create food and shelter. Or, what must have been distasteful, the begetting of offspring. Desa and the Malleths to take care of everything, and no more emotions such as jealousy and hate, or vying for possessions. No sex, for it disturbs the peace. Over time, these once elders returned to be children again.’
‘I remember now, it was as you suggest,’ the Desa sounded relieved. ‘But they forced these offspring to come, they did not move willingly. The others thought they were a threat.’
‘How cruel and how wrong they were.’
‘From your mind, I realise in your world, others do not accept those who do not fit in.’
‘Yes Desa, it is as you state.’
‘Where are the makers, Doella?’
‘They are scattered and their numbers reduced.’
‘Will they come back for the offspring?’
‘I doubt it.’
‘Then you must save them.’
‘Why, Desa?’
‘We have your genes, and the Malleth will make children from them. Will you not stay and protect your offspring?’
‘You can’t use my seed Desa and what do you mean protect them?’
‘I have to do as instructed. The boy, Scane, had lost his way. He remembered too much, and had feelings for you no Chasol is allowed.’
‘Yes, I realise,’
‘I am sorry for your sadness. If you had found somewhere to keep him safe before coming to me?’ Desa tried to blame Doella instead of itself.

Doella’s throat constricted. She hadn’t wanted Scane to leave his idyllic world, but Desa was right, she should have made him safe first. ‘I didn’t think he’d follow me, I thought he’d wait for me as I asked him. I wanted to save him from the evil which follows me, and I wanted to save him from the evil inside me,’ Doella wept.
Desa was silent for a moment, trying to understand Doella’s feelings. Then it said, ‘The one who came left something to help you find what is called equilibrium.’ It paused again. ‘Let me see into your mind - other places than this one I inhabit. I am so lonely.’
Doella showed it Varan, Wylar, and Astras.
‘Wait!’ It was pleased with itself. ‘I remember now. The one who appeared said he made the Feye and their crystals.’
‘Yes, Desa, I’ve come to the same conclusion.’
‘Doella, before I give you this gift, I must ask you one question. Will you save the children?’
‘Why Desa, when you look after them yourself?’
‘You are aware I am dying, Doella. Many of the limbs, which stretch out no longer, work, and I have lost those children. The tube which brought you here is the last that works. Please save us.’
‘You want me to re-power you?  I can.’
‘No, I must relinquish my control over the offspring, but they are too dependent on me and the Malleths to survive alone. Once these last children are made, the Malleths will cease to function - your seed has disappeared…’ Desa sounded disappointed.
‘So you slew the boy unnecessarily.’
‘I am still functioning as programmed. Please help the children.’ Desa was desperate now and pleaded for help.

Doella laughed. ‘You murdered the very one who could have helped. Scane’s mind was opening, he understood there was more than dependence on a machine, he was a thinker, and dreamer, traits bred out of the Chasol, and you slew him.’
‘I cannot bring him back, his atoms are scattered, and his spirit is with…’
‘Yes?’
‘I cannot remember.’
‘Yes, Desa, my family, and I will help the Chasol survive and grow. I came here for peace and I leave with more responsibilities and terrible grief. Is there nowhere I can hide away?’
Desa didn’t answer. The physical manifestation disappeared. ‘Please, Doella,’ Desa’s voice said, ‘finish your meal. If you walk towards the picture of a temple, you’ll find rest and I hope a respite from your pain for a while. When you wake, I will have the gift waiting for you.’
Doella did as Desa asked. She left most of the small nutritious cakes and drank the light effervescent wine provided by Desa. Then she walked through the picture into the room beyond. It had windows opening onto a mountainous vista. Doella found the bathroom behind another picture and bathed. She loved the caress of water and it helped her relax. She lay naked on the bed and then jumped up to retrieve Scane’s robe from the chair where she left it.
‘I hope you can hear me, Scane. I’m sorry, I should’ve touched you. But I felt I’d corrupt your innocence. I love your people’s sweetness and they gave me the peace I sought for a while.’ She stroked her Feye crystal. ‘Desa is dying, Scane, and one day your peoples’ inner beauty will be overwhelmed. I am sorry.’ She put his robe on the pillow next to her. It still smelled of him. It wasn’t just Scane who was dead. Soon it’d mean the death of his race’s wonderful innocence.
When she woke, her white robe had disappeared. Laid out on a small couch was a gown, not a simple Chasol robe, but a sheer sensuous Varan dress, which shimmered, silver over blue. Her heart was still heavy. She bathed again, put the dress on, and moved into the main room. She called for Desa.
‘Please eat, Doella, there are refreshments on the table.’
Doella did as asked. Desa was silent, and she sensed something was wrong. ‘Desa, where is my gift?’
There was silence.
‘Desa?’
‘I cannot find it.’ Desa’s voice sounded like a child caught out in a misdemeanour.
‘Why can’t you locate it?’
‘The arm which held it no longer functions.’
‘But you know where don’t you? I can get it myself.’
There was silence again, and then the Desa repeated, ‘I cannot detect it.’
Desa was dying. The panicking but still powerful machine was fighting death - the entire planet was in danger.
‘Desa, interface with me,’ instructed Doella, ‘do this now.’
‘But the children…’
‘I’ll look after them. I’ve sent for my daughter, she’ll be here soon.’ Doella called for Screetha to help her and sent the black ship to Wylar to bring her. Screetha didn’t question her mother’s need. Doella understood the Chasol needed a gentle guide and teacher, and Screetha was all of those. ‘Desa, interface with me.’ She sensed the system’s confusion. Doella raised her hands and her blue energy sparked, searching for the machine’s brain. It was everywhere - in this room, over the planet, in every still functioning Malleth.
‘Save me, Doella,’ said a voice now unrecognisable as the Desa.
‘Desa, you must tell me where my gift is.’

Desa was frightened and confused. Doella broke the Varan law, which forbade interfacing without permission, and entered the confusion, into which once was a powerful mind. Doella focused on the present first. She found it, and then took everything she could. Desa died, but Doella gained most of her memories, even those the Desa couldn’t access. The room reverted to an empty grey shell. Doella sank onto the floor and waited for her daughter.

Chapter 12
In silence, Doella told Screetha the story, and Screetha comforted her.
‘I will stay here, mother. I’ve seen it in my dreams. I expected to come.’
‘You won’t be lonely, dear one. I’ll send help. The groups are scattered and need to find food and water.’
‘You and the Black Ship will bring visitors. I won’t be solitary, there’s much to do.’
‘You may be here for a while.’
‘It is here my lover and I find love. But he leaves me, for he’ll grow frustrated as it changes and gains its independence. He learns as they do and wants more. He’ll ask you for a ship in which to explore. The years pass until he finds it too hard to face me or our child, and I lose them both.’
‘Oh Screetha, I can’t be responsible. I’ll find someone to take your place.’
‘There’s no one. Who else would have the patience to stay here? Only a dragon and they couldn’t understand their charges.’
‘I’m so sorry. I want you to be happy, and I am guilty over Scane. Desa was right - I killed him.’
‘Beautiful mother, you knew your passion would consume him. You did the right thing by refusing him. His death was the only way it could end.’
They sat on the floor holding hands. The lights went out, but through a window, they watched the sky turn from red to black.

Doella woke up in a bed. It must be from the Black Ship. She hadn’t remembered going to sleep. The sky grew brighter, the day was coming.
Screetha came into the now cold bedroom. ‘Mother, you have to go for the book and keep it safe.’
‘What book?’
‘The gift Desa promised you.’
It made sense to Doella, as if, like Screetha, she’d known.
Doella dressed. Screetha was busy while she’d slept, and the room was filled with necessities from the Black Ship.
‘Are you going to live here? It’s very remote, Screetha.’
‘No, I’ll build myself something more comfortable as soon as I get help. The Black ship sent supplies to the settlements. I’m just bringing what I require for the moment.’
‘Screetha, are you sure you want to do this?’
‘Yes, it gives meaning to my life. I love being with you and The Cael’s gift of foresight helps you - but you can visit me or far-call if you need. Please, mother, don’t be sad. My love couldn’t stay with me - he has his path to follow.’
‘If there’s any sign of trouble, far-speak either me or Vrash. Or Var, or the Black Ship,’ she thought about Minoth.
‘He won’t be interested in Chasol, as yet they’ve no aggression he can use. I’ll be safe. Get the book, I’ll come with you,’ they joined hands and found themselves in another dark underground room. ‘Call the book, mother, and it will come to you.’

A blue glow filled the room. Doella willed the book to come to her. It was large and ancient. She heard a voice, which sounded like Desa. ‘It has come from the earlier eternity and will be reborn in the next. It is for Doella and Vrash, the last of the Feye crystal holders, and tells Var their son how to destroy his twin.’
‘It will kill Var too,’ Doella said in a whisper.
‘He has prepared for what he must do. But you fight against the inevitable. Keep it safe from Minoth.’ The voice then added in a different tone. ‘Scane is happy. He wishes you well.’
Doella took hold of the volume and the blue light went out as she clutched it to her. Both she and Screetha were back on the Black Ship.

Doella sat and put the heavy tome on a table, but didn’t open it. She understood the story inside, told of the death of her much-loved son, and Minoth. Even her evil son’s death would leave a gap in her life, but Doella shuddered at the memories of him.
‘Mother, I must go,’ said Screetha, ‘send me help soon. I’ll try to get further supplies to everyone. The Black Ship showed me where the settlements are and will return when we need more. When you have time, come, and visit me with my father.’ She kissed Doella and moved to the surface to start her new life.
Doella stared at the book for a long time before instructing the ship to take her to planet Wylar. She was familiar with this early data format from her years on Earth. The tome had a faded brown leather cover embossed with bright gold leaf. It bore no title, just a Celtic-style pattern engraved on the front. Vrash was beside her. He didn’t speak, but sat and waited until she was ready to talk.
Doella transferred her recent memories to her son. ‘I don’t believe it’s the right time for either of us to open it,’ she said, ‘I can’t help being upset, knowing it tells of Var’s death.’
‘And Minoths. You want him gone, don’t you?’
‘I suppose so… No, I’d prefer to save him - change him, make him good.’
‘I’m sorry about the boy.’
‘I’m a lousy supposed goddess. He thought his god had sent me to him, and the god was nothing but sophisticated artificial intelligence.’
‘Doella, you still keep your kind heart.’
‘Just as well, or I’d become another Minoth.’ She whispered. ‘I’m frightened, Vrash. If I’m to live as long as I must - what if I change? What if I lose my compassion, and my ability to love? Many of those I love will die. Will my love diminish as my loves do? Will I let Var die only to transform into Minoth myself?’
Vrash understood her feelings, for he wondered the same himself. ‘Why it’s not for us to punish Minoth, and why our dear Var must die. He accepts his fate, even welcomes it.’
‘I find it strange. Does he know something we don’t?’
‘Maybe he does.’
‘They meant me to bear these children, but why? If I had never borne them, think of the lives we’d have saved.’
‘They will make the reason clear later. But aren’t you curious what the book might say?’
‘No, it’s not the right moment.’
‘I feel the same, so where shall we hide it?’
‘Take it to your father’s planet. It exists out of time, and no one but us can detect it. I go there for sanctuary, it always comforts me, but the last visit it didn’t and forced me to move on Chasol.’
‘And to discover the book.’
‘And to discover the book,’ Doella echoed.
‘They preordain our paths.’
‘Yes, and I can’t help but fight it, I loathe being under anyone’s control.’ She paused. ‘I’ve called Var, he will be here soon. I’ll let him read the text if he wants to, and then we’ll hide it.’

Vrash asked the Black Ship for wine and they sat in silence until their son arrived.
‘Mother, I’m glad to see you, we’ve missed you.’ He nodded to his father. ‘My apologies. I couldn’t leave at once.’ He saw the book and looked at them. ‘What is it?’
‘Our pasts, futures, what we need to know. No doubt its there, written before our universe existed. Endless fate, I wish we were free of it.’
Var sat and Doella passed to him the story about the Chasol and Desa. ‘If you read the book, you can’t tell anyone what it contains, not us… and not Minoth.’
‘I understand.’
‘Call when you have finished and we’ll put it in a safe place.’
Vrash and Doella stood up, held hands, and disappeared.
They started to make progress on the Minoth affected worlds. At first, they were pleased with their success, but they realised he was bored with the game and withdrew his influence. Most of the conflicts were resolved, and the Karish returned to Varan.

They sent help to Screetha. Teaching them how to be independent proved hard. The communities of Astras, always generous, sent fresh food. Lansdow arranged the same from Varan aboard the hard-working Black Ship, and it replicated anything else required. Many of the Chasol perished with the Malleths, more from terror than starvation. But there were a million people left, and it kept Screetha and her dragon helpers busy. The Astran’s sent a team of agricultural experts to teach them to plant crops - they were so skilled they’d make a desert bloom.
Back on Wylar, Core delivered a final report, and as he spoke, Doella's heart lifted. This meeting was different from the first one when the enormity of their tasks seemed too great to achieve. Now stories of peace treaties were discussed and plans to help the survivors mooted.
Var took the book to his retreat - a striking desert planet full of heat and colour. Here he built himself a simple shack. Like his mother, he often needed time alone.
He sat outside beneath a shady pergola, and chairs and refreshments waited for his parents. The closed book lay on a table beside him.
Doella and Vrash appeared.
‘I’m sorry I’ve been so long calling you. I’d a lot to think about.’ He gave a resigned shrug, and his handsome face wore an expression they hadn’t seen. His eyes, which were sparkling and happy, were sad as if he struggled to accept what he had read. Realising his astute parents worried, he altered his demeanour and insisted they drink wine with him.

When they relaxed, he spoke aloud. ‘Don’t worry, everything’s fine. As I was reading I realised I knew it already. I can’t tell you - I must leave it to the book. It’s not filled with words as I expected, but with sights and sounds and everything which relates to an experience. Intriguingly, stories change - every action we take changes them.’
‘Then you may not die when you confront Minoth,’ Doella was desperate to have hope.
‘I agree with your mother,’ said Vrash, ‘I have a feeling we must leave reading it until the time is right. But can you give any idea if we do the things we should?’
Var looked at his father and then turned to his mother. ‘What do you suppose is happening to us? It is your decision when to open it and I admit I had the same sense of dread you two experience now. Forget you are a Varan - the part of you which abhors Minoth’s “games” - and tell me what you think.’
‘Games?’ she inquired. Then sat back and closed her eyes. ‘Inside, deep inside, I’m rarely shocked. I expect it to happen, at least after the event, as if it already occurred. What is another son in my bed to a dragon woman? Yes, you are right - it’s my Varan part, which abhors what he and I have done. I am at peace because I realise it’s our fates, and Minoth is a product of whatever or whoever is making us play this repeated game. Part of me pities, even loves him… my Varan part, the dragon side of me finds him a nuisance and wants him dead.’
‘And what is your conclusion?’ asked Vrash.
‘Both sides help me to stay strong. I call on whatever part of me is needed. Without both, I couldn’t display strength and impartiality on one hand, and love and compassion on the other.’
‘Yes, but the two parts fight each other, my dear one,’ said Vrash. ‘My father, Coath, brought me up as a warrior as his father did him. They teach us to be kings in a primitive world, and to do so we must be strong and impartial. He and I learned compassion from you. Coath struggle’s because his wife is not with him enough. Not in fighting the Pharlas or the contenders for his throne, which is natural for him.’
‘Father’s right, we have unique challenges. He is warmly received on Ark and Astras, and he cares little for a foreign place called Varan, which does not care for him. Only on Varan are your family shunned, and you feel the insult deeply.’
‘Yes, I do,’ Doella smiled, ‘So, Var, are you telling me I haven’t strayed too far from the path I am supposed to follow?’ She thought of Wylar, and the pain came again. She always grieved for him and believed it was her fault he was dead.
Var shook his head. ‘That question is for you to answer.’
‘I try.’ But Doella sensed peace at last as if these admissions soothed the turmoil of her spirit. She was no longer Varan, so why accept the race’s taboos. If she’d been a true Varan, her beautiful home planet would’ve gone the way of Old Hyclo.
‘Mother, I require a retreat, so forgive me if I’m away for a while,’ said Var, who was happier too. ‘I’ll return if necessary.’
They spent a happy evening talking about everyday things and watching the suns set. As night fell, she kissed Var goodbye and took hold of the book. Then she and Vrash were walking among the closed blooms.
It was night on Vrash’s planet too, and the flowers were asleep, waiting for the sun to wake them. As always, the world knew what they needed, and before them rose a classical-style cupola. They could see a flame burning inside, and as they drew near, they saw it came from the top of a sturdy column in the centre. Doella understood what she must do. She and Vrash walked inside and placed the book in the fire… it did not burn. They walked away and when they turned around the cupola had gone, and in front of them stood the ever-changing house.
‘Hold me, Vrash,’ said Doella ‘I need to be loved.’

Chapter 13
While Var was away, Doella kept busy. She made love, caught up with her family and helped to ferry supplies and personnel to Screetha. Soon her painful guilt over the boy Scane lessened, and he became a fond memory of uncorrupted innocence she’d often recall in later life.
Var returned. He gave his mother a long hug and asked for a family reunion. They were too large and too scattered to congregate on one spot. When a discussion was necessary, representatives attended and relayed the proceedings to the absent members. On Astras, Row, and Rucella were the attendees, and Core chaired the meeting.
‘We’ve not had a family conference for a long time,’ opened Core. ‘Var has asked if he can address us. Var, if you will…?’

He didn’t give them access to his thoughts but spoke aloud. ‘As we surmised, Minoth has lost interest in the wars he began and most of the races are now at peace, or returned to their earlier condition.’ He paused and looked at his mother. ‘He has a new interest, he is building an army of his own, comprising of the galaxy’s malcontents, and criminals of all races. He’s taken over several uninhabited planets and using them as bases. Worse, apart from giving them weapons, he’s enhancing many of them. I learned Varan, Astras, Ark, and Chasol are his prime targets. The dragon worlds are safe because only Minoth can inflict damage on them….’ The feelings of distress around him made him pause, and he found it hard to carry on. ‘He won’t succeed - he can’t. We’ve three Guardians and will stop him, but our idyllic lives are threatened and we must prepare…’

Doella walked out of the room, and Sark followed her. She wandered along the road, which led to the hills. He called out to her several times before she stopped and waited for him.
‘Doella, let me take you home.’ They moved in silence until they reached the gate leading to her house. ‘It’s not your doing, Doella. You are a student of history, and understand war changes lives, but after they finally end it, after the pain, they are enriched by the experience.’
‘Enriched? I disagree. They are traumatised, confused, and guilt-ridden, but too soon, they forget to never do it again. Worse, some enjoy it, and now those are fighting for my son. No wonder he was content to stop the minor wars. He is determined to make this a huge battle. And we were foolish enough to congratulate ourselves, returning to our lives as if this conflict won’t happen, although secretly we realised it would.’
‘Yes, Doella, everything you say is true. But most post-tech worlds learn peace after the wars - the next phase is beneficial.’
‘Sark, I hate to argue with you, but are you trying to make out when most of my friends are dead, I’ll have learnt from the experience? I don’t agree and know war. I can’t let this happen, Minoth could choose Chasol… Screetha is vulnerable, even with the twenty dragons…’
‘Why train armies, he could destroy our worlds himself if he chose? It is mischief, he can’t harm Chasol unless he attacks it himself.’ But Sark worried, too.
‘We can’t be sure. I realise what you are trying to tell me - war isn’t the end, and in a way. it’s true. Varan changed after the dragon attack, but not enough and not for long,’ she calmed, she understood Sark didn’t believe all he said. He tried to draw her anger away. She’d been on the verge of doing something unthinkable - killing Minoth. ‘I nearly lost my temper and let’s face it, I’d destroy more if it had come to a fight with my evil son. I’m calm enough now… We’d better go back.’
The meeting was still in progress. Doella apologised. ‘I’m sorry I had to leave. What have you discussed?’
Core looked relieved she was calm again. ‘Wylane says your dragon children will help protect Ark and Varan, and here too, but it will be difficult on Varan - they mistrust us. You need to tell Coath and Lansdow what’s happening. Var says Minoth has developed terrible weapons, but the dragons can defeat them.’
‘Yes, I’ll go. Coath won’t be a problem, but Lansdow’s hands are tied. We can’t leave Varan vulnerable to attack. Wylar too might be in danger. I’ll go there and tell Dolar and Hath to be alert.’
‘I’ll go, Doella,’ said Vrash, ‘You need to concentrate on Varan and Ark.’
Doella nodded. ‘I wondered why Minoth had been so quiet. Var, will you take Core to see Lansdow? I think it’s time to call on the Litza, perhaps they’ll help protect the Chasol. I’ve been putting off the visit, but now I must.’
The moon still circled the gas giant. The lift arrived. Roste waited for her when the door opened. As she expected, his reception was cool.
‘Please, follow me,’ He was guarded.
He took her to the same room as before. Sirea stood waiting. Doella sat without being asked.
‘We understand why you are here, Doella,’ Sirea said graciously, ‘We must thank you for saving the Chasol.’
‘So you knew them. You must’ve known Desa was failing. Why didn’t you support them?’
‘Chasol was a lost memory to us and thanks to you we are aware of it again,’ she admitted. ‘We remember now and saddened we didn’t help earlier.’
Doella sensed the Litza woman was embarrassed and understood why.
‘You didn’t recall it because you choose not to. They left you to achieve a more contemplative and meaningful life, away from the excesses of the Litza lifestyle of the time. And you wished them gone - they made the rest of you uncomfortable. We had similar pasts and overcame the delights of freedom from pain, age, war, and want. We learned from those times too, just as you did.’
An expression of distaste crossed Sirea’s face, while Roste remained impassive. ‘We nearly died out!’ Sirea said emotionally.
‘So did we, and many races do.’ Doella remembered the Cles. ‘Like you, we put our energies into Earth-forming. We needed work, an aim in life to survive. But, it was a long time before you started planet forming. It began when you marooned the Chasol. You didn’t want them harmed or to struggle, so you built Desa to care for them. It’s ironic the way things turned out. You’ve become the Chasol, and the Chasol learn how to be Litza again, with the pain it entails.’
‘You had better leave,’ said Roste, seeing Sirea had difficulty coping with Doella's truths, ‘I’ll show you out.’
‘Let me finish, please. You may die out too - look at the Hyclos. You must let love enter your lives again. See how Astras strives, and my dragon children, while most of your worlds are dead or dying.’ Sirea looked defeated. ‘Why are you two still here? Those planets you formed are dead.’ Doella was angry, but felt pity too, and didn’t want the Litza to become a memory as so many other races were.
‘We are leaving here soon,’ Roste was still cold and impassive.
‘I’ve not come here to lecture you, but to warn you. I’m sure you know of my son, Minoth.’ Roste nodded. ‘He is building an army, and you may be in more danger than just your apathy. I was hoping you might aid the Chasol, but I realise it is beyond you now.’
‘Are you offering to aid us?’ said Sirea, appalled at the idea.
‘Of course, I will if you need it, and I’ve one last favour to ask of you. Have you any more information, no matter how small, about the Blue Guardians? I’ve searched without success.’
‘Although we are few, the Litza do not need your help,’ said Sirea, recovering her aloof poise. But she added in a softer voice, ‘We are so few I am sure Minoth considers us beneath his notice. Many of us wonder what the loss of a body means. Does it mean complete freedom from all we’ve learned to disdain? We cannot go back, we can only advance towards welcome oblivion. I am happy the Chasol will live, for they represent our future. Doella, they should understand who they are and from where they come. You may access all our data.’
‘Sirea!’ Roste was horrified and angry.
‘Roste, the destiny of our race now lies with the Chasol. Doella can keep our knowledge, and at the proper time pass it on.’ Sirea was passionate in her belief. Roste saw she was right.
‘Thank you both. I’ll keep you alive in the Chasol, but it’s not too late for you to have another prospect.’
‘No, Sirea is correct, we’ve no wish to recover our vigour. The next and final world will give us the rest and peace we crave. We choose to believe this.’
‘It will, Roste,’ said Doella with conviction. ‘May I interface with your data?’ he nodded.
It took longer than she expected, but she absorbed it, ready for recall when needed. Sirea brought her refreshments when the download was completed. Doella was tired and longed for sleep. Before she left, to their immense surprise, she kissed them both. ‘Don’t be too eager for the peace of death, life has many rewards,’ she said and vanished.
She returned to the Black Ship to sleep and allow her brain to sort the vast memory into order. Afterwards, although she knew Vrash had gone to warn her brother and Dolar, she decided to visit Wyland too. It was a long time since she’d seen them.
It was a strange world, dark and dragon-like. Hath had his suite of bright rooms where they entertained Doella. Dolar never changed, she was as wise as always. Fatherhood altered Hath, and he was determined to be a good example to his children. Thanks to the Black Ship, he could go off-world for short “holidays,” like his sister. Dolar, being a dragon, didn’t mind. She was the opposite of her husband, and never eager to leave. She sometimes visited her old friends on Astras and Wylar, but she considered Wyland her home and her responsibility.
‘Our children lack my Varan heritage, Doella,’ Hath looked sad.
‘Nor are they dragon,’ added Dolar. ‘Grandmother, they squabble amongst themselves, becoming violent. The quiet ones worry me too, they obsess with study and improving their mental powers. I don’t know which is better, the ones who fight or those who hide.’
‘Neither, Dolar,’ answered her husband. ‘We need a balance of both. Perhaps this threat will unite them.’
Doella heard this before, and she felt such love towards her brother and granddaughter they stopped their conversation and smiled at her feelings.
‘I’ll get a bottle of wine and leave you to one of your chats,’ said Hath, ‘We didn’t expect you so soon after Vrash’s visit.’
‘How is Screetha coping?’ asked Dolar, ‘She’s the most sensible of the Wyan.’
‘Yes. Her brother Wy was fine at first, but now he is becoming reclusive. I’m concerned. They don’t want to procreate as they should.’ Doella worried the Wyan wouldn’t endure. Being half-Varan, they’d have long lives, but not as great as their dragonkin. ‘Screetha is a wonderful woman, she has great patience and much love to give. It has been a task moving supplies to the Chasol, but the worst is over, and they managed to plant crops thanks to the skills of the Astran farmers. The Chasol impressed me, but we must allow them to evolve. It’s a shame they’ve to start again.’
‘So you visited the Litza?’ Dolar grinned. Doella gave her the memories of the encounter. ‘Why do we worry over our children? At least they have emotions, even though if they are deep in study they can become irritable if disturbed.’ Dolar laughed.
‘They are a young race, Dolar, trying to find out who and what they are. Wy used to be a fighter, now he’s just one of your angry students.’
‘He is both at the moment. He says he needs to be with his kind, although he misses Vrash and the other friends he made on Astras… and you and his father.’
‘Wy differs from most of my children, he doesn’t talk in detail to either of us.’
‘I agree, but he is still more open-minded than the other Wyan. We’ve been discussing how to get them off-world more. They are far too insular.’

Hath returned with the wine, and the talk again turned to the possibility of war. ‘Doella, I don’t see why Wyland might be a target, but Minoth isn’t behaving rationally. I’ve been studying our defences. There isn’t much we can improve.’
‘As far as Minoth is concerned, that I love you is reason enough to make you an object.’ Doella impressed upon them the reality of a future attack.
Next, she went to Ark. Coath hadn’t heard of dragons. He’d been in a spaceship, so he knew his world was a ball in space, but to him, technology was the magic of gods. Doella must tread carefully. Coath had become less autocratic of late. He still considered her a goddess, and the knowledge of her great powers had softened him. He knew she’d never harm him, but he understood she could. Vrash was on Ark in case Minoth attacked. When Doella arrived, he was hunting with his brothers Siro and Closn. As Doella lay in Coath’s arms, she waited for the right moment to talk to him.
She chose her words with care. ‘Coath, my dear, I must speak to you about a serious matter.’
‘You are going to leave me?’ He tensed.
‘No, I’ll never leave you.’ She kissed him and thought, you will be the one to leave me. ‘Our home is in danger. A member of my other family hates me and wants to hurt me, and he knows it’d devastate me if anything happened to you and our sons. He is jealous I love you so much.’
‘We are strong but cannot fight gods.’
‘What I want to talk about. Other members of my family are willing to stay and protect you. Coath, they do not appear as I do, but similar to the lizards, you find in the desert, although they are larger. They’ve huge wings and can fly and breathe fire to destroy their enemies.’
Coath’s mind was working overtime, Members of her family who look like lizards! Doella could hear his thoughts. This was the time she’d been dreading when his curiosity insisted she tell him more of her life away from Ark.
‘Like the statue of Vele in the North Temple?’ he asked. Vele was a half-hominid, half-bird god.
‘Yes, like Vele, when they take on our form.’ Doella was relieved, but Coath’s eyes were wide. ‘This form you see is my own,’ she added. He was still unsure. ‘My love, this is me. Look at our children, remember my brother.’ He relaxed, preferring to believe her than what he imagined. ‘Coath, I must bring them to help keep you safe, but your people are not used to having gods amongst them. They will be afraid. My family can change their shape to appear like us, but their eyes may give them away, and they are larger too. You must warn everyone they are here to help, and not to be frightened. Send word to your enemies and tell them not to fear the flying lizards.’
‘When will they come?’
‘They are waiting until I send the message. They’ll hide in the hills and then we’ll introduce them to your servants and the leaders from the metropolis.’
He looked at Doella, the goddess who was his wife, and she knew he’d do as she asked.
Doella mind-called the Black Ship to bring the dragons.
There were fifty of them, and Keeras, Doella’s grandson, the leader. The messenger’s had returned, and the dragons flew to the city. Changing form as they landed in the large, open space outside the palace, where Doella waited to take them to Coath.
He sat in his throne room in full regalia. Lining the hall were his generals and chief servants, and the leaders from the city. Along with representatives from the other settlements. Coath cared little for these shows of majesty, but he had to impress to keep his throne. In honour of his wife, he stood up as she led the hominid disguised dragons to Coath’s platform. They waited as he took her hand and brought her to stand by his side.
Everyone was terrified of Coath, although most of his subjects respected him. He ruled with a firm grip, as ancient kings must, but never deliberately cruel. Still, his opponents died if he wanted them dead. He’d kill them himself if he thought it’d add to the fear his enemies felt for him. The dragons conveyed a sense of authority no one felt before. They were huge and intimidating. Coath had to appear to be their equal, Doella understood this, and so did her family. Although Coath didn’t realise it, she was bolstering his energy too, not just mentally but by standing beside him, her beauty, and power too bright to gaze at. Coath’s rule had never been so secure.
When the dragons were introduced, she looked at Coath first. ‘Coath, my husband, and my kinsman, Keeras,’ silently she said to him. Coath, my love, Keeras will stay in the palace to oversee the protection we are offering you. The other dragons stepped forward to introduce themselves, expecting the people of Ark to do the same. There was silence until Coath shouted at them to obey.
When the introductions were complete, he addressed his people.’ ‘If you wish to live you will do as you are told. Go back and tell everyone to carry out the orders of my wife’s family, under peril of execution.’
 He took hold of Doella’s hand and marched out, leaving Keeras and the dragons to inform the frightened Arkans.

His attendants followed him to their rooms and picked up the regalia he tossed aside. He threw his high, golden crown across the room so hard it dented. He was a warrior first, and he hated dressing up for his part as king. The servants grabbed up his clothes as he shouted for them to get out.
Doella poured wine and tried to calm him. ‘Coath, everybody is fearful, and you aren’t helping by upsetting them.’
‘They are more frightened of your family than what I say to them, or of any invading armies.’
‘Your people don’t understand what they face.’
His face hardened. ‘Doella, neither do I.’
She looked into his eyes. For the first time in their relationship, he questioned how much he understood. At first, pleasure had kept them together, then the love of togetherness and the love of a wife and husband and the joy their children gave them. Coath accepted what she gave without question. Now their relationship was to change.
She put her arms around him and kissed him. ‘I love you.’
‘I’m afraid you don’t… at least not enough, because you can’t stay with me. And there is Vrash…’ He shook his head. You are sorry for me and keep coming back because of the children. Doella, if you don’t love me enough then I’d rather not be taken for a fool.’ His eyes blazed like the sometimes-brutal lord, who so often terrified his servants and people into submission.
‘Coath, you rarely doubt me, so why are you doing so now? It is because you are used to being Lord, and now Keeras and the others are threatening your sovereignty. They are not, my love, they are helping you keep it. It makes no difference to us, I am still your wife while I’m with you. Coath I love you, and I cherish my time here, away from my real responsibilities.’
He was about to ask her what those were when he changed his mind. He had come close to asking her many times but never had, and Doella never volunteered the information. His eyes softened, and he returned her kiss. The danger was over. Ark would be safe and her relationship with Coath remained the same.
She left Keeras and the others to work out a strategy and moved on to Varan.

Chapter 14
Core and Carnos were with Lansdow, who felt the pressure as he tried to make the Varan understand they weren’t indestructible and this threat was real. For once, he was angry with Doella, blaming her for the fresh problems.
‘This is ridiculous. For millennia we had no enemies, now we are subjected to wave after wave of aggressors. I agree you saved us each time, but this is your error,’ he suggested, his frustration rising.
‘Leave her alone, Lansdow,’ said Carnos, jumping to her defence. ‘It is not her fault.’
‘Carnos is right,’ agreed Core, ‘Doella is the biggest victim. For all her powers, she’s sensitive to the problems her enhancements cause. She shares her memories so you understand.’
‘Stop it. Don’t talk as if I’m not here,’ she was hurt and angry too.
Lansdow realised how he upset her and apologised. ‘I’m sorry, Doella, I know the truth. Just weary of threats and wars and thought it finished. I don’t understand why you had the twins, knowing how much trouble Minoth caused.’
‘Neither do I, Lansdow,’ she admitted, ‘I’ve agonised over it myself. Why did I do it - because it’s part of every universe’s story?’
Everyone was silent, asking themselves the same question.

‘Thanks to Carnos we’ve got the new shields up and running,’ continued Lansdow, in a more business-like manner, ‘and the Council has agreed to maintain the production of weapons and spacecraft. Any idea of his plans, Doella?’
‘No, I’ve heard nothing from him since I refused to see him again. The silence is worse than having his voice constantly in my head.’
‘Core and I got more councillors to take the matter seriously, and we’ve formed a Council within the Council.’ Lansdow regretted his outburst, he loved Doella and realised the pain she suffered. ‘Will you speak to them?’
She laughed. ‘Me? A rogue Varan addressing members of the Council? Even being on this world is an offence.’ Her eyes sparkled at the irony of the situation. ‘Of course.’
‘I’ll arrange it,’ said Lansdow. ‘Can you stay for a while?’
‘Yes, but not for too long.’
The Council within the formal ruling Council was a small breakaway group of senior Elders, recruited by Lansdow. Sarilla was the only one who smiled as Doella entered the room. The others may have been convinced of the dangers Varan faced, but they had never seen the rogue touched with more than Earth-sickness.
‘You are even more lovely than I remember, Doella,’ said Sarilla in her clear voice.
‘Thank you, Sarilla.’ Doella sat where she indicated. Core and Carnos remained standing near the door.
‘I requested to see you again. We’ve been briefed by Lansdow, but can you explain to us about the enemy we face,’ Sarilla was calm as always.
‘I have little information about the races concerned, but I realise if my son helps them, they will be formidable.’
‘Inform us of your life now, Doella,’ asked Sarilla, ‘we know little of what you’ve done since you left Varan for the outer Galaxy.’
‘It’s better if I keep it to myself. My present life is not to Varan tastes.’
‘And yet Core here, one of our most experienced Karish, stays with you, so it seems your way of life is to his taste.’ Sarilla smiled at Core and at Carnos too.

The rest of the intermediate Council, four women and nine men were growing increasingly uncomfortable. Sarilla was right, Doella was different. She’d been exquisite when Sarilla first met her, but now her looks were not Varan. She was too beautiful and disturbing, for her aura of power matched her beauty.
One of the younger men was intrigued - he smiled and introduced himself. ‘My name is Elayto, we only know what Sarilla told us. There is nothing in data.’
‘I hope so,’ said Doella, ‘and for the best reasons. Our Varan citizens will be shocked if they knew. No mention of me is made, and I’d prefer it to stay that way. I’d hate to embarrass my family further.’
‘Of course, but it’d be useful to understand who we are dealing with.’
‘So would I,’ Doella’s remark emphasised the fact there’d been no formal introductions. The Varan did as polite behaviour dictated.
When the presentations were over, Elayto continued his probing. ‘We are informed you’ve many children and not all Varan.’
‘No doubt Sarilla told you the part I played in the dragon war.’
‘Yes, she told us of your sacrifice…’
‘It was no penance,’ snapped Doella. ‘I loved Wylar, and I cherish our children and their descendants, just as much as I love my three children here on Varan.’
Elayto looked uncomfortable, but recovered and said, ‘I didn’t mean to be disrespectful.’
‘I accept your apology, but you offended me. I’ve many Hyclos children too, and offspring by my dragon son, Wylane. Some are not dragon but hominids known as Wy,’ Doella wanted it over with but was angry at the queries. ‘And seven men I regard as husbands, two of whom are my sons and other lovers too. Does it satisfy your curiosity?’ Doella stood up as if she was about to withdraw.
‘Doella,’ Sarilla begged, ‘please don’t leave. I’m sorry these questions are necessary, we must understand why this is happening to Varan. Most of us here consider you a Varan - I realise you are not.’
She sat again. ‘Sarilla is correct, I am not a Varan now,’ she opened her gown and pointed to the blue crystal in her navel. ‘This makes me something else, but I still love my home planet. I’ve family here and three dear children. Without the intercession of my excellent mother-in-law, I’d be refused my brief secret visits. She tells them the stories are exaggerated, but…’ Doella looked down, ‘they believe I am a monster and their father was a good man.’ She lifted her head. ‘He wasn’t, he was evil, he tried to commit murder and almost succeeded, and he made me his wife when I was so grief-stricken I didn’t understand where I was or what I was doing…’
Everyone’s discomfort heightened, and Elayto was looking at her with, what? A combination of admiration and disgust, she wasn’t sure.
‘I will leave. Please discuss me, and when you’ve put aside your prejudices, I’ll return and communicate with you.’ This time Doella walked out. Core and Carnos, and surprisingly Lansdow, followed.
When Doella left, an old and wily Varan was the first to talk. ‘Did you see how upset Lansdow was? It’s clear he’s sleeping with her.’
‘Why is it obvious, Palos?’ It annoyed Elayto.
‘So her voluptuous charms are affecting you too, Elayto?’ said Palos with a sneer, ‘Oh, she is lovely, isn’t she? But Lansdow is married!’
‘Shut up, both of you,’ said Sarilla, raising her voice. ‘Doella helped Varan in the past. If she hadn’t, we’d not be sitting here discussing her attributes. She is right, we are prejudiced, and it’s hard to change how we view her lifestyle, but we must forget her Varan heritage now. We are here because, as Doella, we love Varan, and will fight to keep it secure, not hide from the truth as most of our people. I’m fond of Doella.  I’m nothing like her and yet in some ways, I envy her - at least her freedom. There, I’ve admitted it.’
‘But seven husbands, Sarilla?’ said one of the younger women. ‘I didn’t want one.’
‘I am married,’ said Sarilla, ‘and my husband and I rarely meet because our jobs keep us apart, and by law, I can’t take an unattached man to my bed, though in my youth I was encouraged to do so.’ The women nodded their heads in agreement. They understood what Sarilla said, but the men were conservative.
Palos apologised to Elayto. ‘If I were young and free as you are, I’d be interested too. I’m sorry for my remarks, but you must agree Lansdow is sleeping with her, and if he’s breaking the law he is not fit to be First Councillor… Don’t you concur?’
‘Palos!’ Sarilla was annoyed. ‘Please don’t make mischief, we need to remain united. Are you so eager to be First Councillor in his place?’ she demanded.
‘Perhaps then you too could lie in Doella’s arms,’ said one woman mischievously.
Palos snorted. ‘All right, you’ve made your point,’
‘He would,’ giggled the younger woman, ‘he’s just jealous you are young, Elayto, and he is near to his Final Journey.’
They laughed at the thought of Palos with Doella, and Palos joined them.
Doella was still angry. Lansdow asked the others to leave so he could to talk to her alone.
‘Calm down, Doella.’
‘Lansdow they realise we are lovers,’ Doella said as he pulled her tight to him.
‘And worse, Elayto wants you, and he’s my brother-in-law.’ Lansdow looked stricken.
‘I won’t let your wife find out, Lansdow, I’ll make everyone forget. Don’t look so shocked, it’s better to break a few rules than you lose your family and position. Felica means a great deal to you.’
‘I love her, but not the way I worship you, and sometimes I feel guilty. She is so supportive and is an excellent mother…’
‘We can stop, Lansdow. I wouldn’t blame you, we can be friends.’
‘No, Doella, perhaps I made a mistake in marrying Felica when I’m in love with you. I should’ve gone to Astras.’
‘Lansdow, where would Varan be without you? It’s my fault. I still haven’t learned the consequences of how actions hurt others. I should go.’
‘No,’ he was emphatic, ‘stay for a while. I’ll be envious if you sleep with Elayto.’
‘You never mentioned being jealous before,’ she smiled.
‘I am. If I’d been your only husband, I’d have gone to Astras with you.’
Two days later, the intermediate Council asked Doella to meet with them again. Elayto tried not to be affected by Doella's charms, but not successful. Carnos, standing behind her, put his hands on her shoulders as if to state his prior claim to her.
This time Palos led the questioning, but he had the sense to apologise first. ‘Doella again let me say I regret if my words offended you. My fellow councillors chastised me.’ Doella inclined her head, accepting his apology. ‘We’d like to understand why we need to defend ourselves, and how you intend to help us.’
‘My son Minoth hates me because I rejected him for reasons which must stay my own. I know little of his plans, except he wishes to hurt Varan, Astras and everything I love. We cannot underestimate his ability - he has powers equal to mine, as do my sons, Vrash, and Var, who is Minoth’s twin.’ She paused for a moment. ‘We cannot confront him. The resulting destruction would be catastrophic - we dare not risk it. Carnos has upgraded Varan’s planetary shields and helped you to develop better weapons. The second part of my offer will be less palatable to you. My dragon brood grants you protection, patrolling your borders and warning you if anyone transgresses your boundaries. They’ll not fly the skies of Varan, unless unavoidable.’
There was no reaction, just shocked silence.
‘I met them,’ admitted Lansdow, ‘they are nothing like our old adversaries, their wild cousins. They’d amplify our defences for they are powerful, almost indestructible, and have no fear even when outnumbered.’ He didn’t mention their uncontrollable blood-lust during the fighting.
There was still silence.
‘I do not think this sensible, Lansdow,’ even Sarilla wasn’t convinced.
‘It is not wise in the Varan sense, but it may mean the difference between defeat and victory,’ he urged.
They discussed it, argued it, and it was agreed. As long as the dragons stayed away from Varan, they’d be grateful for their help. This was not a meeting of the full Council, it’d never give its approval.
Everyone there understood they needed more members of the ruling Council with them, for they were making illegal decisions. But the old dread a child-race could outstrip their technology had resurfaced. Lansdow and the others knew a fresh party was gaining momentum - a movement that espoused new vigour and a determination for change, especially among the younger section of the population. Now Earth-forming was no longer a choice, many young people felt the need for gainful employment away from family chores. Even the Karish were swamped with applications, which had never happened before this.
‘If we seek permission from the whole Council they will forbid it,’ Lansdow said, ‘we must keep trying to recruit more of them to our side. Keep your silence and bury your thoughts deep. If we are discovered, they will dismiss us from office. If word gets out before we gain a majority on the entire Council, nothing can prevent us from being disgraced.’
‘I appreciate what you may have to sacrifice to agree to this. Lansdow saved Varan before this. You remember the Cantos…’ Doella said, and everyone nodded.
‘Why we are here,’ said Palos.
‘If more help is needed, I can be here instantly. Core or Carnos will call me.’
‘And Lansdow?’ Palos couldn’t resist it.
Doella ignored him, but Sarilla and Elayto gave him a threatening look. Doella sensed she had made another friend in Elayto, but she realised he wanted more than friendship. After her talk with Lansdow, she decided. Elayto must understand and remain her ally.
‘Doella, we agree to your offer, but your dragons must make sure our people do not discover their presence until we achieve a majority in the chamber?’ Sarilla asked.
‘Yes, we agree.’
Vrash and Var reported no further signs of trouble, so Doella stayed longer with her family, friends, and lovers. She was determined to stick to her decision not to seduce Elayto but agreed to join him for a walk. When he suggested a remote park, she declined in favour of a more populated area, which disappointed him. They had a pleasant afternoon, but Elayto found it disconcerting everyone stared at Doella. There was something alien about her, and yet she had the form and features of a Varan.
They found a seat to watch the sunset over Phallie Peak. He sat close enough to touch her, but when he tried to kiss her, she pulled away and then turned to him with a smile.
‘Did you only ask me on this walk to seduce me, Elayto? I thought you were my friend and wanted to talk about Varan.’
‘You are too lovely, Doella. I presume you’ll not let me tempt you? I hoped one more friend might not be noticed. You’ve seven husbands, you didn’t mention how many lovers.’
‘No, I didn’t and I won’t. Elayto, we must not get involved, I’ve enough complications in my life.’
‘Be aware, my lovely Doella, I won’t give up.’

Chapter 15
While Carnos was on Varan, Sark was to arm Astras. Although he made progress, the lack of raw materials in the local vicinity hindered him. It was Doella’s first night home for a while. She lay next to Sark, her head on his broad shoulder. She sensed his mind still working - he found it hard to relax.
‘What’s wrong?’ she asked.
‘We need proper planet shields, but I can’t get sufficient power to run them. True, we have ponders over the world, but they won’t be much use as they are. The easiest way would be to find Clol. It’s stable until we introduce it to friction heat, but there are no deposits anywhere near - there isn’t enough of anything. Vrash found some, but it’s unstable. The Black Ship said it wasn’t safe and wouldn’t transport it.’
‘I’m sorry, I’ve been away too long, I should help.’
‘Vrash and Var and the Black Ship do when they can, but they’ve been busy ferrying people back and forth between planets. Doella, we are increasingly short of raw materials. It’s not surprising this part of space is so empty of settlements.’
‘I’ll help find stable Clol and anything else you need.’
‘Wy is here, Doella.’
‘I sense his signature.’
‘He told me as Screetha is staying on Chasol, you’ll require his aid. He’s not fitting in well - he wants to keep to himself.’
‘I’m not surprised - most of the Wyan are over-insular. Where is he?’
‘In Core’s old cabin, he says it’s enough for his needs. Rucella made it comfortable.’
‘I was talking to Dolar and Hath as to how they don’t fit in anywhere, even on Wyland itself. Screetha isn’t like the rest - everyone loves her.’
‘She’s more used to our system - she was brought up here.’
‘So was Wy,’ Doella reminded him.
‘True. I don’t understand him either, but he’s a decent man from how he looked after Vrash.’
‘Yes, he is a good man,’ she agreed, ‘I’d better visit him. I doubt if he’ll show up here.’
The next day Doella saw her son. He’d been expecting her and produced a bottle of local wine to celebrate her call. She hugged him and he returned her warm embrace.
‘Mother, I ought to have arrived as soon as Screetha left for Chasol, I’m sorry for the delay.’
‘I didn’t expect you to move back to Astras, Wy, you were happy teaching at the university on Wyland.’
‘I’ve trained a suitable successor. I can support you now Screetha is busy with work.’
‘You intend to remain here on Astras?’
‘Most of the time, but I’ll travel with you if you need me.’
Doella sipped at her wine. ‘I’m your mother, Wy, and I realise there’s more to this than you are telling me.’
‘Yes, I am proud to say with no assistance from the Cael, I’ve developed my precognitive abilities. It’s not as random as it used to be, but more specific. I focus on those specifics and usually get an answer. Screetha’s way is instinctual, my methods are different, and I believe they are more accurate. I offered to teach her. She was reluctant but then conceded. Now she’s on Chasol, she's no time for serious study. So we agreed, I should come back to Astras in her stead.’ He picked up his glass, took a sip of wine, and then rolled the stem between his fingers. ‘Minoth is aware we Wyan are a danger to him. He will attack us first.’
Doella jumped. ‘Why didn’t you say so at once? We should go there right away.’
‘No mother, we have time yet. Besides, I’ve told Hath and Dolar and we have better defences than Astras. We’ll keep Minoth’s armies at bay, but I admit not Minoth himself. So far he has harmed none of the family.’
‘Why Wyland?’
‘We are important to the future, at least in the short term.’
‘Screetha!’
‘She’s just one, Chasol means nothing to him. He has no interest in her. Mother, I’ve spoken to him.’
‘Oh no, Wy.’
‘He won’t corrupt me.’
‘Look what he did to me.’ She showed her child the aspects of her strange relationship with Minoth.
‘Your guilt makes you weaker and less efficient.’
‘Yes, I realise.’ Doella relaxed. ‘My wise and thoughtful son you are far too serious. Haven’t you found someone to love yet?’
‘I’m not like my parents. I’m not celibate, but neither am I a slave to pleasure as you are.’
Doella smiled back at him. ‘A son of Doella and Wylane who doesn’t require frequent physical pleasure? I don’t believe it. I hope the Wyan aren’t all the same.’
‘We are procreating mother, but not as often as Varan do.’
‘Yes, I am teasing you.’
‘What drives me is the pursuit of knowledge, how I can focus my mind and become stronger.’
‘Why you prefer to be on your own?’ Wy nodded. ‘Well, what does Minoth say to you?’
‘It’s multi-layered. What he says isn’t always what he means. I am aware he’s obsessed with you but unsure whether he hates you or loves you. When I suggested it might be love, he became angry and attacked me. I blocked him out.’
Doella sat up in surprise. ‘You kept him out of your mind?’
‘Yes, he tried to give me pain, but I resisted and won. We Wyan are strong if we have to be, mentally and physically, and we like to fight too. Minoth won’t admit it, but he knows we pose a threat to his armies.’
‘You differ greatly from my other children.’
‘I asked the Wyan to procreate more. It seemed logical, and most of them agreed with me.’
‘An odd request coming from you.’
‘They thought so too.’ For all his seriousness, Wy had his mother’s sense of humour. ‘We will win, mother, I trust what I see.’
‘Then what’s wrong?’ Doella sensed he concealed something from her.
‘He’s determined to control you. Scouring the Galaxy for a similar energy transmitter like those crystal trees, which you can’t completely overcome.’
‘I’m hardly affected now.’
‘I know. He believes he’ll succeed, but he won’t make the same mistakes as last time. He’ll act as he thinks you want him to. He learned a lesson from your terrible reaction - he thought it was what you wanted. Mother, you must be strong to prevent him from winning you over.’
‘He can’t win me over, or everything I love will die.’
‘Yes.’
‘I won’t fail my children, I cherish them too much. I’ll not break, no matter the personal cost.’
Doella was cautious after the warning from Wy.  In case Minoth discovered something else which affected the power of her crystals? She used the Black Ship and took a crew as she searched for the materials Sark needed. They found stable Clol and in large quantities.
But, Doella couldn’t shake the feeling of dread Minoth might capture her and it troubled her. Wy suggested he could help. She had lessons from her son, he showed her how to control her emotions and how to divorce her mind from her body so Minoth could not seduce them. It helped, and for the first time since birthing Minoth, she found inner peace. She went regularly to the small cabin and Wy instructed her.
At first, what he noticed in her mind surprised him and he said, ‘Mother, for a person with so much enhanced power, you are emotionally young.’
‘I am physically too.’
‘You’ve produced many generations of offspring and yet still think like a hedonistic immature Varan woman - not as a wife and mother.’
Doella gained peace as his clear, bright, and uncorrupted mind guided her to explore parts of her she didn’t know existed.
Wy approved of the progress she made. ‘At last, we make headway. It’s becoming easier for you, and you’re not fighting anymore.’
‘Even though you are my son and I trust you, I resist being under anyone else’s control. Besides, you perceive more about me than I do.’
‘You could have kept Minoth out of your thoughts when he called to you.’
‘I realise now, Wy. You still haven’t read my deep memories.’
‘I could enter if I wanted, but I won’t unless you give me permission.’
Doella pulled a face. ‘I don’t think so. You’re my son - I need to keep some things from you.’
The lessons continued for several weeks and everyone saw how serene Doella became.
Sark finished the shields. Months passed with no incursions from Minoth, and Doella's life returned to normal, but she still never travelled alone. She learned to be cautious.
One day, after her usual session with Wy, she said to him, ‘I’ll let you read my deep thoughts. I’ve not allowed Sark or Carnos to do that.’
Wy waited for a moment before replying. ‘You must be sure - your mind is far more powerful than mine and if you react to me as if I am a threat, you’ll harm me. I haven’t mentioned it before, but parts are psychically connected to the Blue Crystals, and I’ll need your permission to enter. I’m nervous.’
‘Why didn’t you tell me? I’ve been scanned and nothing like that showed. My mind is Varan.’
‘It wouldn’t have shown up, mother. It exists in several dimensions simultaneously, why a one-phase scanner wouldn’t register. I believe the energies from these other existences are fuelling your powers.’
‘How clever, Wy, I wondered how they worked. The energy had to be coming from somewhere, makes sense…’ her son’s explanation intrigued Doella. ‘Wy, I am impressed by this.’
‘It is because of my dragon genes,’ Wy admitted. ‘Although they don’t think on it, much of their force is drawn from another reality too. Not just from the energies surrounding them here. They don’t have your strength, but apart from the Blue Guardians and Vrash and the twins, they are the most powerful forces in the universe. Odd they never ask about how they originated, isn’t it? Most sentient creatures are interested in their pasts. I’m half Varan and half dragon, and I’m different from both. I’ve looked deep inside for answers. That’s because I’m part Varan and can be scientifically detached, unlike the dragons, who are fuelled by emotions.’
‘An angry dragon is utterly ruthless. I never thought of them being sensitive creatures, they can be so cold. But yes, I understand what you are saying, they don’t reason the way we do. They are clever, but most of its emotional - and not Varan emotion, either. I remember the first time I entered Wylar’s mind - it was so alien, cold and vast like space itself…’
‘Exactly, cold passion. My dragon kin switch from being sensible creatures to creatures of death and destruction in Nano-seconds. I’ve explored that side of myself and merged both sides so not as volatile as I used to be. Your pathways differ from mine. I’ve asked Vrash and Var if I can look into their minds for comparison.’
‘Surely Var and Minoth’s would be similar?’
‘Why do you presume so? I accept your offer. I’d like to see your deep, dark visions. Shall we try it now?’
‘My memories are not all gloomy,’ Doella insisted, ‘besides, it depends on whether you look at them from a dragon or a Varan perspective.’
Wy smiled at her, ‘Relax, you are too nervous. Lie on my bed if it will help you.’
Doella did so, but it took her time to calm enough to allow Wy to access her deep memories. He entered her mind in the usual way - after the initial touch, he was so gentle she couldn’t sense him. She experienced occasional memory flashes, but they didn’t last long. Doella was relaxed, but then she encountered such pain she screamed aloud. Wy broke the connection and rushed over to her.
Wy knelt beside her and took her hand in his. ‘I’m sorry, mother, are you all right now?’
‘What happened?’
‘I accessed your deep memories, and I kept probing, but then I hit something so immensely powerful it threw me out of your mind.’
‘The pain was terrible. Do you have any ill effects?’
‘I have a very bad headache.’
‘I’ll call Sark,’ she said, but she couldn’t.
‘You need to rest, I can cure my headache. Sleep for a while and you’ll be better afterwards.’ He stroked her hand until she fell asleep. Wy then sat in the chair and dissolved his pain. He felt nervous and was anxious to review what he had seen in his mother’s mind. Such a cold, vast emptiness… dragon-like, but different too. Followed by bright, white heat and an overwhelming sensation he couldn’t describe, as if every emotion was merged into one. Wy was afraid he’d tampered with something he shouldn’t have, but it still intrigued him. It explained a great deal, why his mother acted as she’d always done - a flirtatious, young Varan woman. And why she wielded her power as and when she needed. She could traverse the universe without disturbing time and plunge into suns not being harmed, and now he believed she hadn’t used her full powers. Thank goodness, she was who she was. They must’ve chosen the other Blue Guardians as carefully. But he realised they were warriors, not mothers, and he couldn’t help but wonder if they were as kind as she was. He far-called Sark and then slept, and woke when it was dark. Doella awoke when he illuminated the room.
‘Are you recovered, mother?’
‘Yes,’ she sighed, ‘sleep always helps. How are you?’
‘The headache’s gone, I slept too. You should go home.’
‘Yes, it’s late, and I promised Sark dinner.’
‘He knows you had a tiring session and slept.’
‘I’ll go soon, but first I want to see what you saw.’ Wy made a face. ‘Please,’ she cajoled.
‘Very well… the early part of your life was uneventful. You were happy as a child, but you were guilty over stealing a pretty comb from your great aunt.’
‘I remember, I was guilt-ridden and didn’t understand why I stole it, as I had a much nicer one of my own. I was so ashamed I threw it in the garden and buried my feelings. It took a lot of control not to give myself away,’ she smiled at the memory.
‘Then there were memories of you and Hath and the actual feelings you had for each other.’
‘I had to bury them deep too, but not far enough since my parents found out.’
‘Then we go on to another part you’ve blocked from your surface images, Earth lovers and Varan who were not acceptable to family and friends.’
‘Yes, I kept those hidden because of Takos, but I admit I had a brief relationship with a married teacher. I told no one.’
‘After, the memories become more complex. The feelings you had for Wylar were, as we understand, very strong and confused. You realised he might be a threat to your entire way of life, and yet you loved him despite it. Then, nothing of significance, just the odd lover you didn’t wish anyone to know. Then I hit this energy barrier.’
‘Did it cause the pain?’
‘Yes, but I can’t describe it. Tell me what you make of it?’
‘Wy, when I saw Wylar while on Levos…’ she was unsure what to say next, but Wy read her memories. ‘He said he had no face and I experienced what you did. So it was in my head? But it can’t be - I disappeared for three weeks.’
‘Who is he, mother?’
‘I’m uncertain, but he wants me to believe he is god. I almost do, but…’
‘But?’
‘I’m not convinced. He is powerful and non-corporeal and has access to other dimensions and strange realms. Why should it make him god? Did I meet my much-loved Wylar there? I don’t know. I suppose whatever the truth, he is my God and I am his tool. But I have strong doubts. Perhaps I am a kind of perverse entertainment. My feelings are so unbalanced and irrational.’
‘No, they are not.’
‘I’d better go, Wy. I need Sark’s comforting presence, and his arms around me.’ She got up, kissed her son, and left.
Wy sat there for a long time, sifting his mother’s words through his mind.

Chapter 16
Vrash’s mind was similar to Doellas, but when Wy pushed into his dark secrets, they were as he expected, about his adolescent lust for his mother. But this time when he pushed into the nodes there was no sudden barrier or pain, only clear light. Vrash accepted his lot and didn’t look for the meaning of his powers as did Doella. He’d nothing buried, or shame and when Wy pushed in deeper, he noticed an endless blackness like the space between galaxies. There was no thought of a god, either. Overall, their minds were similar, but it convinced Wy Doella was the more powerful. It made sense - they gave her two of the Feye crystals.
 	He brought them together to discuss what he’d found. Doella asked the meeting be at her house, as the cabin was cramped.
Wy showed them what he had seen and felt.
‘So I am nothing like my parents,’ Var was intrigued and surprised.
‘No, your powers are your own. Minoth must be similar. Vrash, and more so mother, are linked to something inter-dimensional. Or, as she assumes, another being and it likes to be called god from the encounters mother had with it.’
‘And in theory, you consider Doella has more force than I, and we have more than our sons. We can both enter this bright field and tap into the energy when we need it,’ summed up Vrash.
‘Yes, Var also has a unique section in his mind through which he accesses power, but I can detect no link to Doella’s “god”.’
‘Does it mean Minoth and I have limits to our abilities mother and father don’t have?’ asked Var.
‘It’s only a theory, but  possible.’
‘Then either Doella or myself may be capable of killing Minoth?’ suggested a surprised Vrash.
‘Yes, but you are aware if you try you could destroy, well - everything.
Doella closed her eyes. ‘I’m tired, I’ll rest for a while.’
Vrash took her to her room and came back to the discussion. ‘She’s already asleep, it’s very unlike her.’
‘She sleeps after she’s used her powers, sometimes for days,’ said Wy.
‘It’s not just that, she’s unhappy because she’s not in control of her life and emotions.’
‘She wonders if they controlled her when she fell in love with Wylar. Did she love Carnos and Sark because she wanted to, or did this “god” design it? Did he arrange for you Vrash to fall in love with your mother, against the taboos of your people, so Var and Minoth might be born? Or would you have cared for her, anyway?’
Vrash was angry, but not with Wy. ‘Damn this so-called “god” of Doella’s - what does it want from us? I loved her, but I wanted her in my bed too.’ He stood and moved into the garden.

The other two said nothing, and he returned.
‘Vrash, I doubt we’ll ever find the truth,’ said Wy. ‘We are trying to put words into something which can’t be described satisfactorily. We have to accept things as they are for now. I’d like to support you too. Your emotions are as confused and volatile as mothers are. I speculate Doella herself is her god, but there again I might be wrong.’
Vrash snorted and got up to fill everyone’s glass.
‘What about me,’ asked Var?
‘You don’t need help, you are calmer than I am.’
‘So my son Var is calm, but what of his brother?’
‘We can only imagine his mind - he won’t let me into it,’ said Wy, who wasn’t sorry he couldn’t peer into his mad half-brother’s mind.
‘Shall I tell you what I imagine?’ said Vrash. ‘Since Doella and I are both imperfect and Var is not, could it mean Minoth has the negative emotions our good son lacks?’
‘Yes, I agree. Mother believes so too.’
‘I may surmise it, but I’m uncertain…’ Vrash knew it was so, but he wanted proof.
Var finished it for him. ‘That’s what the book told me, we will both perish as ourselves and become one. I’m confused, there’s something different on the same page later. But it confirms your and mother’s suspicions, doesn’t it?’

A silence filled with painful emotions emanated from them. Doella sensed it. She woke and re-joined them.
‘It’s time to say what the book showed you, Var,’ she said.
‘I can’t. It’s written in riddles, which only make sense after the event. Then you start to see a pattern as it comes closer. I’ve often seen this same meeting with my twin, but it changes. The future is not clear. It alters.’
Vrash held Doella as she slept that night. They hadn’t made love, and he couldn’t relax, his mind going over and over the subjects, they’d discussed. When morning came, he got up and left her to sleep… and then she had the dream.
She was back in the white place and there was no Wylar. ‘I want to see Wylar,’ she challenged.
The voice was a long time in replying. ‘Wylar cannot explain your questions.’
‘Are you god?’ she demanded again, upset at the answer to her first question.
‘I’m your creator. Doesn’t that make me your God?’ the voice reasoned.
‘No, we Varan created humans and we are not gods, just a clever race.’
‘If you doubt me, how can I help you, Doella?’
‘You helped me before I knew of your presence.’
‘But now you perceive my existence I cannot help you further unless you have faith in me, and the same applies to Vrash.’
Doella woke up, her body covered with perspiration. When calm, she went to Var’s cabin.
‘I need your aid again, Var.’
‘Yes, mother.’
She showed him her dream.
‘You understand what it means. You have to believe in this being to use your powers, and so you accept the love between you and your men is real. And we children are the valid product of this passion.’
‘I’m scared, Var, I’ve never had doubts as I have now. Is this a test?’
‘Perhaps.’
‘I’m going to your grandfather’s planet, Var. I must be alone until I find my way again. There’s still enough Varan in me to stop me accepting something I’m told is true.’
She disappeared.

Chapter 17
She went into the ever-changing residence, it always reflected her mood and contained what she needed - a bath, replicator, a small bed, plus another daybed by the window, and a table and chair. This time the walls were a soft green, with white linen cushions and covers and sheer billowing curtains at the open windows. A gentle breeze wafted in, cooling the house, and it blew in the scent of the endless carpet of flowers. The home radiated tranquillity.
Doella lay on the bed and tried to empty her mind, but it was too full of questions.
‘I need a coffee,’ she said to the replicator. She stopped herself, smiled, and held out her hand and the cup appeared. Why don’t I do that more often, I’m not on Varan? Because I don’t want to be different and no Varan ever teleports their food around - it’s considered rude. She sat back and enjoyed her drink. She spoke aloud. ‘Every time I come to this house, it’s furnished to balance my mood. It reads my needs and adjusts itself to suit them. I understand how it does this, even though it represents an advanced technology far beyond my race. But if an ancient Egyptian from my Earth came here, they’d believe it was magic. They’ve no problem believing in something they can’t understand, so why should I? Varan hasn’t believed in a god for many ages, long before the first bracelet.’

She sipped at her coffee for a moment and then spoke aloud again. ‘It’s not simple. I have to accept the truth or I will fail. Sometimes I believe, but then I doubt. I’ve no limits by which to judge. All can be explained rationally.’ To herself, she admitted her actual fears.
Can The Cael, born from one age to the next, exist for countless millennia in space, carrying her last egg? It’s inconceivable, but it’s far worse to realise I am The Cael. I DO believe that’s going to happen to me, and I’m frightened. Whatever the god-individual is, I must accept it’ll look after me or my fear will consume me. Perhaps it’s what the creature is, my dread, my fear of being alone.

The warm sun streamed through the windows making her drowsy and she fell into a deep and dreamless sleep. When she woke it was dark, and there was no moon. She felt refreshed, for she hadn’t slept so deeply for a long time. The house lights came on and soft candles lit up the room. She was hungry and searched for her mug to place in the reclaimer, but the house cleared it away. She smiled and asked for her favourite human food - simple, timeless foods, bread, and cheeses with fat olives, juicy fruits, and strong, red wine.
‘I like Earth,’ her voice sounded strange now, it hadn’t earlier. The night was a silent time, so she shouted, ‘I admit it - I’ve still got Earth-sickness. I’ve always preferred my Earth to Varan. It’s real, and it made me feel alive.’ She wandered outside with a glass in hand. A moon rose over the mountains, an orb she’d never looked at previously.
She smiled. ‘Thank you, Vrash,’ she whispered.
 All the Earths had a moon - to conform to Varan specifications, and help originate the concept of the gods.’
Varan’s moons were so far from the planet they couldn’t be seen with the naked eye. Her friend, the elder Vrash, comforted her. She’d like his caress, but they’d never touch again. She sat for a long time looking at the moon as her glass refilled. The sky lightened, and the flowers opened in the first rays of the sun, as the moon faded away. Doella went inside and lay on the couch, using one of Wy’s exercises to help her relax, for she felt aching loneliness. They worked, so she undressed, got into bed, and fell fast asleep.
She slept for a lengthy time, and it was another early morning when she woke. Doella felt calmer and decided she’d no longer defer exploring her mind, as Wy tried. She ought to have done this a long time ago, but she kept postponing it, learning only from her experiences. Doella moved inside her mind as Wy and her Varan upbringing taught her. She intended to go beneath her consciousness, to those places whose existence she had once refused to admit. She viewed her recollections as if she were a stranger, divorced from her usual emotions. As she moved beneath her memories, the experience grew stranger and stranger. Finally, she arrived at something she recognised - the place where her crystals, both Hyclos and Feye, connected her body to her mind. They were not the microfilaments she’d imagined… they were much more… they were alive! They were nothing like her manufactured Varan bracelet. How simple a thing it was compared to this.

These were parasitic creatures moving energy through themselves and her body. They throbbed with unseen vibrancy and colour. She longed to tell Sark, they must be so tiny even his Hyclos scanner didn’t detect them. She had a momentary doubt and brushed it aside. This was something she could prove, a tangible idea - how fascinating these living power conduits were and how unexpected. She was so fascinated she tumbled into the empty area Wy had found. The intense blue light was still painful, and Doella resisted the urge to escape. Instead, she pressed into it and felt as if she was falling until she gained control. This seemly endless space was now full of small pricks of bright colour Doella hadn’t noticed as she fell. There were colours she’d never seen. This space appeared to have no borders. The idea the universe was endless had been theorised for all the past ages, and not only by the elder races. As yet, few Varans explored as far as the next galaxy, for this one was vast enough, although she and her children found it easy, for a brave Varan, it would have been terrifying. Now the answer appeared so simple… space just folded back on itself in the most convoluted forms, so complicated, beautiful and irrational it was no wonder they hadn’t discovered the complete mathematical truth. She was so excited by this revelation she didn’t want to leave, but she must. Now she understood how to, she pushed further. She rushed through a vortex and, as she slowed, saw the more recognisable forms of stars and planets. Doella scanned for sentient life but there was none, only inanimate dust and particles of gas and matter. The emptiness was so great Doella felt unbearably lonely. She calmed herself and considered the prospect. She drew much of her power from these places in her mind, and the energy was unfathomable but also familiar and comforting. But there was more, and she retraced her steps to the blue light and with difficulty held herself before it. It didn’t emanate from a single source but unknown multiples. Doella headed for one of them and, as Wy had taught her, she imagined a shape in her mind, a ring.
The energies fell into this ring and she followed them. As the ring collapsed, she floated amongst large shapes resembling jellyfish. They were primitive life on an enormous scale. Radiant lights flickered along parts of their bodies, and she felt fear as she realised they were consuming others of their kind. This space had a warm red glow as pale blood, but there was no atmosphere and no sound. Doella perceived no sense of scale - these creatures could be micro or macroscopic - it didn’t matter, but somehow she knew they were part of her too. She felt dizzy and claustrophobic, and frantically she jumped into another place. She found herself above a huge gas giant, being pulled into its atmosphere. Forgetting her power, she panicked for a moment until she realised it’d not harm her. As she descended, she noticed it was full of glowing colour and flickering lights, but no amoeba-like creatures. As she fell she met creatures resembling crustaceans, but their forms were different in each case and they were semi-translucent. They were sentient. She felt them in her mind and they probed to find her. She watched the pulsing of their internal organs and realised what she’d taken to be stalk eyes were antennae, which sensed movements and thoughts. Doella tried to enter their minds but found nothing recognisable or familiar, just a jumble of images and feelings she could not decipher. Doella felt isolated and alone, she longed for comfortable surroundings.
Then she recovered on the day bed, breathing hard as if from fear. ‘Coffee,’ she gasped, holding out her hand for the mug. She was nauseous and dizzy, so she sipped her drink until she regained her composure.

What have I gained from the inner journey? She wondered as the room came into focus. Life takes many forms, and emotions and perceptions differ between species? But I knew that, so what did I learn? I already knew a great deal, but I’d accepted my knowledge and had never viewed it with wonder. The lesson I needed, creation is beautiful and valid, no matter what form it takes, and as a scientist, I must try to understand what I study instead of comparing it to the more familiar. Varan parameters are too superficial. From the first places I visited, I learned my powers are vast.
Doella felt a moment’s satisfaction, but she pushed it aside, fearing a return of complacency. She recovered and was eager to begin her journey of discovery again. This time she understood what to look for - she needed to find another blue node. They were clearly defined now, and she recognised the one she’d already visited. She tried another. The process was easier, and she entered a world of sound. She experienced echoes, discordant music, voices - whispering and shouting. It was as if all sound formed a base here. She couldn’t see anything, not even the vast emptiness of space. Some sounds caused her agony, others so sharp they cut through her or vibrated so deeply it was another form of pain. She felt uncomfortable and longed to escape … then she was back on the bed again.

Comprehension was becoming easier. Many races, usually advanced, used sound to move objects or make weapons, even to grow food. The white and black ships both used sonic weapons. But most people took these applications for granted. Again, she accepted it and hadn’t explored the idea any further. She’d behaved like a Varan, not taking her questioning far enough - merely accepting.
The dragons were born with this knowledge, and yet they rarely use it, still, they have instant recall. I have it too, but I find it hard to listen if isn’t within my own remembered limits, though I’m capable of more.

Doella understood why this inner journey was so necessary. She wondered why she hadn’t looked before this. She’d delayed too long and been forced into it. These teaching tools were part of her original passage, and she should’ve examined them. But was too caught up in her problems and fears to do so. She’d been obsessed and terrified with the thought of finding a god.
Time ebbed and flowed differently here on Vrashen. She got up and walked among its flowers, remembering Vrash, the Feye. His consciousness was still here, and she believed she could communicate with it.  Perhaps one of the other nodes would enable the process. Maybe she could reach Wylar too. But something worried her. If Wylar was reborn in Vrash, then why was he even here? Perhaps part of us always stays behind, she thought, yes that must be it. She remembered Timblis telling her everyone was reborn. She felt anxious and turned around to check the house was still there, and it was. Doella was back on the day bed. ‘No, I’m not ready yet, I’m not calm enough.’

She ate a simple meal, took a bath before getting into bed to sleep, and woke to feel refreshed and calm. She had breakfast, and then lay down again, prepared to try another node.
This time she opened a more familiar world. It was advanced and high tech, although military based. The buildings were soaring and elegant, open in places to the sunlight, but there were soldiers everywhere, erect and unmoving. At every entry point, a pass had to be shown. It was a pleasant enough environment, the climate comfortable, the food plentiful… but why was she here? The people were not telepathic and ignoring the Varan taboo, she entered one of the soldier’s minds. To her horror, it was filled with fear, guilt, and paranoia. Doella retreated. She tried others, but the fear, which possessed them, was overwhelming. The rulers were terrified of something Doella couldn’t discover. The prisons were full of frightened men, torturing those who were more terrified than they were.
She recognised the lesson here. At first, it seemed easy - surface values could be deceptive - but there was more. Fear for fear’s sake created fools. She retreated and searched for the next node, she found her way around easily now.

This time she found herself in a dense green forest. The foliage was so thick Doella felt as if she were choking. She returned to her reality and wondered what message she had learned from the brief incident. Still wondering, she realised she was hungry, and her Earth-sickness told her to have an egg and bacon sandwich, just as she’d have done as Louise. It was a strange fancy for a vegetarian Varan, but she accepted it. She kept thinking about her last encounter as she bit hungrily into the sandwich. Then it came to her. What did the Varan do if a world was unsuitable for their survival? They changed it. But should they? Was that the lesson, or did it mean she’d the ability to change things? She was unsure.
She’d explored four nodes, and the teaching process was growing easier. Where these always in her mind, or had the Feye crystals planted them? Doella thought the latter explanation was more probable. The next node appeared to be empty, but Doella sensed this was the most important one, so she concentrated hard. This part was not for training, it was a dormant area used when she travelled. This was no-time, and only activated when she needed it.
The following node was its opposite, so full of emotion that Doella wept, and moved out.
When she returned, she was drained. It was late afternoon, and the night coming. She drank wine and took it into the bath with her. She needed a man, so she put her hand between her legs and stimulated herself until she reached orgasm, something she rarely did. Then she felt the firmness of her skin and her breasts. She still felt unsatisfied, and thought of summoning Vrash but was ashamed and realised she must finish this journey alone.
She spoke aloud again, ‘Why should I be ashamed I can’t do without a man? Is that what you wanted?’
Doella got out of her bath and ran outside, dripping wet. She asked for melody, and as an ancient goddess of beauty, as many believed her to be, she danced sensuously, until night fell and the moon came. Doella thought about finding someone else like Haris or Coath, a little savage, only interested in enjoying her sexuality. She stopped dancing, and the music stopped too. She went inside, but when she lay in bed, she found it hard to relax, resisting the urge to touch herself again, sleep came.
Doella woke early, reluctant to return to the inner quest, so she enjoyed a leisurely breakfast and then went for a walk in the sunlight. After this, realising she must finalise the journey and go to Astras to help the others, she lay on the day couch and turned her awareness inward. She could not locate any more blue nodes, although she sensed more existed. Only one unexplored area remained, and she was fearful. It was the one Wy tried to enter, causing her great discomfort. She edged towards it. It was much bigger and brighter than the other nodes. Still feeling nervous, she lingered outside it for a while, plucking up the courage to penetrate it. Then she took a deep breath and plunged into it. To her relief, there was no pain, and she found herself in the bright, white world!
‘Wylar,’ she shouted, with excited hope, ‘Wylar, please come to me.’ She sensed he was behind her and turned around to see him standing there. She went to him and pushed her body into his. ‘Love me,’ she pleaded. It wouldn’t be physical, but the pleasure the same as if he were real. Their clothes disappeared as they kissed and touched each other, and they lay in the whiteness’s midst and made love. He felt real and so did their passion, but as she pleaded for more, he faded from her sight and vanished. She rolled over onto her front and grieved.
‘Is that all you need from a man, Doella?’ It was the being who insisted he was her god.
‘No, I require their love and understanding too. Please bring him back.’
‘He’s dead, Doella, you must let him go. He has returned to your world now.’
‘But not as himself.’ She sobbed harder.
‘Wylar is dead,’ he reiterated. ‘Who am I, Doella?’
‘Me!’ she screamed, admitting the obvious at last.
Then she lay naked in the flowers as they opened and closed around her. It was finished - she understood who and what she was, and it was time for her to return to Astras. She’d go over everything with Wy, Vrash, and Var, needing their help to assimilate what she now realised was true. Doella wept bitterly for Wylar, for she understood he was lost.
Wy felt Doella had grown in wisdom by her exploration of her deep self, but she continued to grieve for Wylar. When her tears dried, a new serene Doella emerged. She’d matured and understood her responsibilities, and to let go of her past and look to the future.

Chapter 18
Minoth still lay low. The Karish still kept an eye on the once warring worlds, but with Minoth no longer influencing them, everything except natural conflicts had settled. The Karish would soon return to Varan. Core was home on Astras and had brought several Karish colleagues with him, which represented a genuine breakthrough in relations between the two planets. At last, old barriers were breaking down - no longer were rogues hunted and hybrids shunned. Varan was becoming more liberal. Doella and her large, mixed family had changed it forever.
The threats towards the Astrans and their friends had so far not materialised. So when a group of young people, who’d been working off-world, asked Doella for a loan of the white ship, she considered it, asked other’s advice, and agreed. It pleased her they wanted to explore off-world and interlamina, but when they didn’t communicate, Doella became uneasy. She couldn’t sense the white ship, so she searched for them.
She soon found her ship, or what was left of it, for her once beautiful Rosarian vessel, which she had loved as a living being, was blasted into pieces. Resisting anger and an urge to panic, she called for Vrash and Var. There are no traces of any remains in the wreckage.
‘My grandsons, Cather and Brall, were on the ship,’ said Doella tearfully.
‘And another twenty-six young Astrans too,’ added Var, ‘but they are not dead, are they? Minoth has them.’
Vrash agreed with him. Doella took a deep breath and tried to stay calm and rational.
‘It was Minoth. Who else might overcome my vessel? I loved that ship.’ Doella was angry, and the others remained silent. ‘We were complacent again, weren’t we? We must find them.’
‘It’s meant as a trap,’ said Vrash.
‘I realise, and once I’d have fallen into it, but now I’ve got an advantage over Minoth. He doesn’t know how I’ve changed or how well I understand my capabilities. I’ll get those people back. We must stay calm, he won’t injure them yet.’
Var had many friends on board the ship. ‘You sound like Core, mother. But Minoth is ruthless. What if he kills them?’
‘I do sound like Core, don’t I? He’s using them to get to me so he won’t harm them yet, because he needs them for bargaining.’ Doella replied without humour. ‘But first, we must replace the ship. I should’ve taken you to Rosa before,’ she reached for their hands and next moment they stood in the red-pink grass of Rosa.

It had changed. The once-soft breezes now blew as chilly winds, agitating the grasses in all directions.
‘Timblis and the other Rosarians left a while ago, the planet’s nature is reasserting itself.’ said Doella, remembering how it used to be.
‘I sense it, it’s still exquisite. The ships are hidden, aren’t they?’ asked Vrash.
‘Yes, Soon they’ll be uncovered and we can’t leave them here in case they fall into the wrong hands. I understood we’d take them one day, but we felt safe, all we wanted was a home. Besides, we had the hard-working Black Ship which moves us around out of time.’
They stood in front of the cliff and Doella led them inside the enormous hanger. The lights came on as she entered.
Var was excited. ‘There must be over a thousand ships’
The interior contained vessels of different sizes and classifications, neatly moored, and exuding a sentient feeling of expectation. Many of the ships were ancient, yet far more advanced than anything they’d construct.
‘We’ll take them back to Astras,’ said Doella, as if she discussed moving a few clothes and belongings. Vrash and Var looked at each other. ‘It’s easy, we get the small ones inside the freighters, and there are three of us - we can do it.’
They pulled the fleet of ships up above the planet through the roof, which didn’t exist, and soon they circled Astras.

Doella wondered which node was responsible. ‘I’m sure my mind can’t be as empty as Wy says,’ said Var, picking up his mother’s thoughts.
Vrash and Doella smiled at their son’s words, forgetting for a moment the trouble, which took them to Rosa. Sark’s planet shields were up. Var and Vrash checked for any trace of Minoth. When they were certain of his absence, Doella asked for the safeguards to be opened and they landed the ships on the surface, close to Astran city.
Vrash mind-called Core, ‘Core, call a meeting. It’s urgent. I’ll go for Hath and Dolar, Var, you get Lansdow.’
By the time the local Astrans took their seats, those from off-world arrived. The three guardians kept their thoughts secret, which was making everyone else nervous.
‘What’s happened?’ asked Carnos.
‘Why bring those Rosarian ships?’ added Core.
Doella answered the second question first. ‘The Rosarians left Rosa and surrendered their control of the planet. It’d be unwise to allow their technology to fall into the wrong hands. Besides, we need them. We are short of the raw materials needed to build our own.’
‘Mother,’ said Row, ‘You haven’t called a meeting just to tell us this?’
‘No, Row,’ Doella paused and looked away. Everyone was familiar with the gesture and they realised something was amiss.
Vrash took over the talk. ‘The white ship has been destroyed.’
There was silence, and then everyone asked questions.
Core demanded silence. ‘Doella?’
‘We don’t believe they are dead,’ she showed what they’d found. ‘There’s no evidence of any significant biological matter. Which gives us hope, but my lovely ship is shattered into countless pieces.’
‘Who has done this?’ Row was distraught, for Brall was one of his younger sons, but in his heart, he knew the answer.
‘It was Minoth,’ said Var. ‘He left enough evidence to point to him, but no route to follow.’
‘Surely, Doella,’ Lansdow astutely asked, ‘if he intended to trap you, he’d have left a trail.’
‘He realises I don’t want to see him, but now I must. I’m worried about our children. No matter what happens to me, I have to save them. He knows I will do this.’
Core turned to Wy and said. Your mother is improving under your tutelage.
No, not mine, I can’t take the credit.
Can you figure his intentions, Wy? Core asked.
Wy shook his head.
Claden summarised what he understood of the situation. He was the chief Karish on Astras, and as Core, no fool. ‘We’ve not much to work with and no idea where Minoth or the hostages are, but we believe he awaits you to find him. He’s mistreated you in the past. He has little regard for life. I suppose he requires you to sacrifice yourself for them… but first, you must locate him.’
‘Yes,’ Doella admitted. Her distress increased, but she kept it under control.
‘We know the locations of his army bases. Perhaps he has taken them to one?’ suggested Claden.
‘We should start there,’ agreed Vrash.
‘And we will recall the Karish back to duty,’ added Lansdow.
Wy stood. ‘Core, may I request a brief recess? I must speak to my parents.’
Core nodded. Doella and Wylane followed Wy.

‘What’s wrong, my son?’ asked Wylane.
‘You both noticed it, but you didn’t register.’
‘Is it the hostages?’ asked Doella.
‘No, it’s worse.’
‘Worse?’ Doella questioned, but the look on Wylane’s face told her it was.
‘Search your recent memories,’ he urged.
‘A huge power has been released. You registered it, but you took no notice because you were so concerned with the kidnap.’ said Wy. ‘It’s odd you brought back those Rosarian ships with you, for you’ll need them. Minoth made sure I saw it. Focus…’
Doella’s mind probed deep into Lamina. An enormous rip had formed in the same region of space where Astras was located. Wylane and Wy saw what she did. So did Vrash and Var, who joined them.
‘I can’t see what caused it. It might be an imploding star,’ said Doella.
‘Mother, it was Minoth’s doing,’ insisted Wy.
‘We’ll look, Wylane, tell Core, but no one else. Stall the meeting, please - we shouldn’t be long.’ Doella vanished, and the others followed.
‘We can slow its progress, Doella, but no matter what we do, it’ll cut through to reach Astran space.’ Vrash was the only one who could speak the words. Doella was in shock, and Var wasn’t much better. ‘If we try to intervene, it will burst through actual space and the Lamina worlds. There will be holes everywhere,’
‘So if we decide to slow it we’ll make the situation worse.’
‘Yes, but there isn’t much Lamina here it’s thinner than usual - we’ve explored it.’
‘Which means it’s more unstable than normal. Your brother knows his physics, Var,’ said his mother.
Wylane joined them. When he saw the extent of the devastation, and they couldn’t contain it for long. Astras and Ark would be blown to pieces before the shock wave erupted into their Lamina.
‘You’re right,’ said Wylane, ‘we’d harm more if we try to stop its progress. The damage will be lessened if we allow it to disperse naturally. Damn Minoth! We must evacuate… at least Minoth planted it in the lower strata of Lamina, and so there’s time. It will devastate this part of space.’
Doella's newfound serenity was slipping away, and surprisingly, it was Wylane who reached into her mind to give her strength.
They didn’t return to the meeting but sat in Doella's garden and discussed what needed to be done.
‘We must evacuate Coath and Ark, and our people.’ Doella resisted the urge to panic. ‘We’ve… what… around two months before the first wave hits?’ They nodded. ‘Well, we must inform everyone…’
 Doella and the others appeared back at the meeting. It was a breach of good Varan manners, but this was no time for niceties.

The missing hostages caused a furore, but this was much worse.
Core looked devastated. ‘You are sure there’s no way we can divert it?’
‘No,’ said Vrash, ‘the energy would go elsewhere and eventually surge out. Even if the actual wave could be diverted, it will still affect this area. We must evacuate Astras and Ark.’
Row stood up to speak, knowing his life’s work was to be destroyed. ‘We have an established plan for evacuation, and also have the ships mother brought from Rosa….’ He couldn’t continue but left the meeting to find Rucella.
‘Are you certain?’ asked Lansdow ‘Is there nothing you can do? There’s not much in any of the surrounding Lamina.’
‘We are sure,’ said Doella. ‘We’d do anything to save our home, but if we try to push the wave off course, it’ll cause more devastation. We might delay it, but we’d have to leave.’
‘Where will you go?’ asked Lansdow, clearly upset, ‘Varan won't give you shelter Doella, and I can’t force them. They’ll say your presence endangers us too.’
‘Because I’m Varan’s daughter you are in as much peril as if I lived on Varan. In reality, you’ll be safer with us nearby. The rip was so deep in the Lamina Varan instruments may not pick it up for weeks. We register problems faster and increase the odds for a good outcome. We can use the Black Ship for evacuations, it will hold thousands and reaches its destination between one breath and another. Also, the best ships the Rosarians created. Lansdow?’
He’d slumped back into his seat. She was right, but although there were several suitable planets near Varan, the Council would never agree to let anyone settle them.
Surprisingly, it was Claden who came to her aid. ‘I realise the difficulties we face if we ask the Council to accept the Astrans moving closer to us, but Doella’s logic is correct. We’ve studied Minoth’s personality. It might be Varan facing this crisis instead of Astras, and only because her children secretly fly our skies, do we have an early warning system. I for one feel safer when she or her family is close.’

Core decided he was getting old and had put off his final journey for too long. Doella looked young and vulnerable when she was far from being either. He stood up and said what they expected. ‘Claden’s right, Lansdow, you must try. Varan’s more liberal than it was. In the meantime, we look for alternatives, but we will come in Varan’s direction whether or not they like it. Let’s face it - Varan couldn’t stop us if it tried.’
It was beautiful here in the explosion’s aftermath, almost calm compared to the rage on Astras. The super-heated space debris was cooling in places into coloured gases, and even the intense dust displayed myriad colours.
Neither Var nor Vrash had said anything earlier, but now they spoke out.
‘Mother, we could stop this,’ suggested Var.
‘Yes, Var, but we aren’t going to.’
‘Why?’ Vrash asked, knowing the answer.
‘I love Astras too,’ said Doella, ‘and it’s a hard thing to leave our home, but we must merge our forces. It’ll be easier to protect everyone if we are closer to Varan. Even if the Council on Varan objects, we are moving to use one of those old colony planets. But just in case… Var, will you watch Varan?’
He was gone.
Back on Astras, Core, Lansdow and Claden discussed where they’d put the Astrans. Lansdow worried over the outcome with the Council, but he agreed they’d no option but to let them settle on a nearby planet.
‘Lansdow has suggested Phailden,’ said Core.
‘The Council can’t stop you. It’s outside our territory now, and to be honest, I’d rather have you there, closer to us,’ Lansdow admitted. ‘Everyone withdrew from Phailden after the dragon wars. It still has good infrastructure, and the climate is moderate. I’ll try to get the Council’s agreement… but I appreciate you intend to go there, anyway.’
‘Out of sight, out of mind?’ Doella suggested. ‘I know the planet - it should be perfect. We will be far away enough to be ignored by Varan, but close to help if needed. Try to get them to accept the situation. We don’t want to start on the wrong foot.’
‘Doella, if I’m not successful, you can make them do as you wish.’
Core frowned at the suggestion. ‘Doella cannot intimidate the Council.’
‘Core, if I have to coerce them, I will.’
‘I agree with Doella, Core,’ said Claden, ‘it will be safer for Varan, and I don’t care how you achieve it.’ Doella was surprised at the Karish’s tone and his acceptance of an act of treason. ‘It’s necessary for Varan’s safety, even if they can’t see it. Minoth is a danger to all of us.’

Did anyone understand she could mend the breach in space? Doella wouldn’t be shocked if they did. Claden wanted to get them closer to Varan too because it’d make everything easier, and unlike Core, he didn’t care how.
Core said suspiciously, ‘Are you sure you can’t close it?’
Wy emerged from the shadows. His appearance was far too alien for the Varan and made them uncomfortable. ‘She could stop it, but she won’t.’
‘Why not?’ Core demanded.
‘Mother’s intervention could be so powerful, it might end up destroying more. Besides, you forgot the hostages?’
Wy lied for Doella, and she couldn’t believe it. First Claden and now Wy!
‘No, we haven’t forgotten them,’ Doella said with feeling. ‘As soon as we’ve worked things out here I’ll find them, I’ll go to Ark to tell Keeras to begin the evacuation, and explain to Coath, then go after the children.’
‘Rucella wants to see you,’ said Wy.

Chapter 19
Rucella was more worried about Brall than the evacuation. He was a great favourite of everyone, always laughing and taking nothing seriously. She tried to be brave, arranging refreshments as if this was a normal visit from her parent. Doella helped her and then carried the tray into the garden.
‘I will get them back, Rucella,’ Doella promised. ‘They are still alive.’
‘Yes, I’d know if Brall was dead,’ agreed her daughter. She agonised over her son’s safe return, and her mother’s possible sacrifice to save him. ‘I am selfish, we are to lose everything we’ve worked so hard to achieve, and I obsess over my son and the other hostages. Row has so much to do and I’m no use.’
‘Rucella, Minoth can’t hurt me. Did Row tell you about Phailden?’
‘Yes, is it as beautiful as Astras?’
‘Even more so.’
Doella set aside four large freighters to facilitate the Arkans’ change and took them to Keeras to start ferry non-perishable goods such as the ancient idols. She’d use the Black Ship for their transfer to Phaiden.
She checked on Astras to see how they progressed. They harvested many of the crops to go with them they were busy dismantling whatever they could. Parsos was upset, this was the only place he’d called home, and Phailden was too close to Varan - Varan despised hybrids like himself. The first shock was over, and everyone was depressed. So was Row, who worked so hard to make people safe after the horror of the Ca. 	Doella understood she could stop the energy. But it might happen again. She knew they’d be safer on Phailden and hated herself for keeping the secret.

Now for Ark - she went to her rooms. Coath came to her and as usual, he held her close and kissed her.
He realised something was wrong. ‘You haven’t been here for weeks and I sense you are not happy.’
‘Yes, you are right. Coath, my dear, I’m afraid you’ll have to leave Ark.’
‘You and I?’
‘I wish it was simple. No, everyone, Ark will be destroyed soon due to a coming firestorm. We’ve time to pick up most of your possessions, but we can’t wait too long. The storms will get worse until the planet bursts into flames.’ Coath understood nothing of science. She had to keep it simple. ‘We have to take everybody with us, even the Pharlas. Keeras and the others are helping those from the outer settlements.’
Coath didn’t understand. ‘I never thought to leave my city…’
‘Neither did I, Astras must do the same. The people will be terrified and the lords not understand why you must leave your homes. Be forceful and make them agree to this. I have no wish to use my force. Coath, do you trust me?’
‘Yes,’ he nodded. ‘I hear you, wife.’

He shouted for his servants as Doella found Keeras. He was moving large objects aboard the freighters Doella sent him.
‘Mother, these ships are substantial but not big enough to take the people to Phailden.’
‘I’m going to use the Black Ship to transport them. I can’t let primitive folk loose on a spaceship for possibly months.’
He smiled as only a dragon did. ‘It won’t be easy. We’ve had trouble reassuring them we aren’t stealing their belongings. There’ll be chaos when we unload on Phailden. The families from the smaller villages are moving to the city, but those in the larger towns are reluctant. We are using bubbles to transport the old and sick.’
‘As I expected. We’ll frighten the leaders into obedience, and Coath will help - most of his peers are terrified of him. At least Astrans can look after themselves.’ She gave Keeras’s hand an affectionate squeeze and moved back to the palace.

As she had thought, none understood why they needed to leave their metropolis. Coath was impatient, as always. He soon stopped the discussions and, as Doella had suggested, he ordered the city lords to pack their belongings. The other lords from the other smaller states were not easily bullied. There was so much to do before she went after Minoth, but she knew he wouldn’t harm the hostages yet.
By the next day, the other petty kings and lords arrived. The meeting soon got out of hand, as Doella expected. No one wanted Coath telling them what to do. She remained behind him for a while, listening to the futile arguments. Then she stepped forward. She withheld none of her power, and her crystals sparkled. Even her lovely eyes shone as cold, green stars. A terrible beauty stood before them. Everyone became silent, and most of them fell to their knees, shading their eyes from her stare.
‘Enough of this!’ Her voice was powerful. ‘There is no argument. You are coming to Phailden with us. My sons and daughters are bringing your families here to Fara to prepare them for the journey. I suggest you let my people take you home, so you can finish packing your belongings as my Lord Coath is doing. Go!’
They ran out of the hall, fearful of what she might do next. They’d heard stories Coath’s lovely wife was a goddess, but until now few believed it.
Doella was alone with her Arkan husband and their two sons. ‘Coath, my dear, I’m taking you and our sons to Phailden before everyone else. Gather your best administrators, too. Vrash will help you settle.’
Coath’s face was like stone. ‘Yes, wife. Will Phailden be as kind to us as Ark?’
‘It will be kinder, my love, much kinder.’
She heard a call from one of her dragon children and visited the ever-growing refugee camp. Many of these bewildered people were hysterical. She used her charm and coercion to soothe them. Then to the practicalities of helping the sick, aged, and those who cared for young offspring. Coath sent her food, and a contingent of soldiers to help distribute it. The lord’s beautiful wife told them of a New World waiting for them. They’d grow crops without irrigation and the sky wets the ground, and the summer heat doesn’t suck the strength from old and young. Houses awaited them and metal birds with huge empty bellies would safety carry them through the skies to their new home.
The food and water helped too. Doella held the sobbing, ragged peasants in her arms, and soon everyone sang her praises. She was the Lady Doella, the kind. The Lord Coath was lucky in his wife, for the people had a mother in her. When she was satisfied they were calm, she returned to her rooms in the palace. Coath came to her, and without wasting words, they made love for the last time in the familiar room, before the servants packed their belongings.
There was still no word from Lansdow. Doella couldn’t wait any longer, she must look for Brall and the others. He didn’t answer her call.
Lansdow was in the Council chamber, getting nowhere with his arguments to convince the Council to allow the Astrans to use Phailden. There was only one thing to do. Hidden from everyone’s view, including Lansdow, she worked her will on the councillors and coerced them to agree. She knew Lansdow guessed what was happening. At last, the Council agreed.

Carnos was on Phailden. He had worked for days without rest, assisted by Doella’s children from Wylarn, and sorted where to move the Arkans and the Astrans. There were three large continents, two with existing infrastructures, and a pleasant climate range. Coath was going to meet her other family, and he knew she was nervous about it.

She brought Coath, and the meeting between him and Carnos was cordial. When introduced to Carnos, he sensed he was one of Doella’s other spouses, and he held out his hand to him. ‘I have always been interested in meeting Doella’s other husbands.’
‘And we you. The others will arrive soon. Like you, we are used to sharing her, and we are close friends. The Astran’s are settling on another part of the planet. Once you settle in you’ll find your living conditions much improved,’ he assured him.
Doella took them to what would be Coath’s dwelling. ‘This was the main administration building for this sector, now a fine palace for you. If you need to expand, there’s plenty of room. There used to be extensive gardens, but work is needed to tidy them.’
‘Where is the temple?’
‘If there’s nothing suitable, we can help you build one,’ suggested Carnos.
‘Thank you.’
‘Coath, please don’t erect the statue of me in public? If my people see it they won’t understand,’ Doella remarked.
Back on Ark, more dragons arrived. The logistics of dealing with so many helpless refugees kept everyone busy. Keeras reported most of the goods were stowed, and three ships on their way. The Black Ship carried everybody remaining.
It took days to get them safely to Phailden, even on the Black Ship, they were reluctant to get on and then off at the other end. Most were in shock, and the situation was chaotic. The dragons helped Carnos to supply food and shelter. The different tribes and lords lodged in one city temporarily. Coath and his son’s first problem was to re-establish his sovereignty.
He had named this city Flasen, which meant “city of people.” The Astran’s donated food, but the vessels hadn’t yet arrived and supplies were getting low. Lansdow sent ships from Varan. Slowly, everyone calmed. Lady Doella brought them to heaven and in the land of the dead, they’ll be happy. The dragons and Coath had to explain they were not deceased and had to work to produce food.

Then events took an unexpected turn. Coath was used to being in charge and having to do as Carnos told him began to rankle. Their repressed jealousies bubbled to the surface. Both men were strong-willed, and Carnos, superior in strength, knocked Coath to the ground. Doella sensed trouble and intervened.
‘Stop it both of you!’ She stood between them. ‘Be friends, whatever are you arguing about?’
‘He wants to put another statue of you in the temple we are building.’
‘Is that all?’ It relieved Doella.
‘I must have the final say,’ insisted Coath, ‘my people don’t understand what’s happening. They believe you are a goddess who’s brought them to heaven. They think they are dead, eaten by the giant bird!’
Carnos felt foolish, arguing with this primitive king over such a preposterous idea. I said you’d hate it, Doella, but he lost his temper.
I do, but if it helps, let them. ‘Coath, instruct your priests to inform the people what’s happening. They must realise they are not dead, and work hard to plant crops for the harvest.’
Varan won’t like this, Doella.
I know. I’ll get Vrash here to help his father, but right now, he’s too busy protecting Astras and the other planets.
‘Coath, you understand I’m not a goddess, don’t you?’
‘I do, but…’ he stopped as Doella glared at him.
Despite the difficulties of dealing with the anxious populace, the move went well, and the Astrans were setting up their new homes on Phailden and planting crops. Doella and Sark took a last look. The family had gone in the armada of Rosarian ships, Var escorted to Astras.
‘I’ve told the Litza what happened,’ Doella said. ‘I’m sorry for the few people on their planets. I doubt they’ll move them.’
‘There is only a handful, and they have severely disturbed personalities. You can’t take care of everyone,’ said Sark.
Doella shrugged. ‘Now everything is under control, I must find the hostages. I’ve been torn between caring for the many and longing to save our children. Minoth knew how I’d choose. Do you want me to take you to Phailden?’
‘No, I’ll be the last to leave. The Black Ship will come when I’m ready. You must go, Doella.’
‘I’m frightened of seeing him again,’ she admitted.
He nodded and then held her close.

Chapter 20
She was unsure where to start, Minoth could be anywhere. So she moved to Phailden and tried to sort out her belongings in the house Carnos allocated to her, while she waited for her son to contact her. The Astrans settled in well. The buildings were old and basic but easily upgraded. They helped the Arkans with supplies and sent horticulturists to help them with the new conditions.
Rucella was anxious about Brall and the others. ‘I can’t believe Minoth hasn’t contacted you. Have you looked for them?’
‘Yes, I searched the wreckage, he left no trail to follow and is keeping their signatures well hidden.’ She saw her daughter falter. ‘Rucella, I realise they are safe. I’m waiting for Minoth to contact me. If it doesn’t happen I’ll start looking again, I promise.’
Carnos stayed the night with Doella. She couldn’t sleep, wondering what she’d do if Minoth didn’t call her. It was a big universe. She wandered into her still meagre garden. Phailden’s three small moons gave a soft glow to the sky. It was a prettier night sky than Astras, but she missed her old house and grounds, and in a few weeks, it’d no longer exist.
‘Mother.’
‘Minoth!’
‘If you don’t appear to me soon, I’ll start killing them.’
‘Please, Minoth let them leave.’
‘Not until I hold you again.’
‘I won’t show unless you let them go.’
‘I’ll let them leave in exchange for you. I won’t insist you stay with me always, come when I ache for you.’
‘If only I could believe you, but how can I? If you set the hostages free, I promise I’ll come.’
There was silence.
Vrash and Var heard the transaction and arrived. ‘We realise where he is, he let us know,’ said Vrash. ‘He’s near, in an early Earth area.’
 ‘I’ve told him I’ll go to him in exchange for releasing the hostages. I must. Is it supposed to be this way, Var?’
He nodded. ‘I’ve seen it, there’ll be a war. We will win but many innocents will die.’
‘Where will the wars occur?’
‘The book didn’t specify. It just says we will win but many innocents will die.’
Wylane walked in, followed by Sark. Core, Haris, and Parsos soon afterwards. All looked worried. ‘He’s set the captives down by the administration building,’ said Wylane, ‘they are uninjured.’
‘Then I must leave,’ she shook her head and lowered it as if in pain. ‘I love you very much,’ she said and then checked on the hostages.
Relieved relatives claimed the bewildered captives. They appeared unharmed, Doella saw Rucella and Row hugging Brall, and sensed their great happiness. She understood she must go to Minoth, but was reluctant. Doella went to her son.
She stood before him as a statue carved from marble. He’d prepared for her and built a villa with walls sparkling with the crystals from the trees, hoping they’d weaken her. Minoth’s eyes were full of lust, and he pulled the gown from her shoulders. ‘How we both hate our need for each other, mother. I try hard to want others, but they are not you…’
‘You slaughtered them,’ said Doella, shocked after reading his thoughts. He’d killed the evil followers he created.
‘It was your fault for going away, mother.’ Her mind returned to their last meeting, and Minoth saw it. ‘It won’t happen again,’ he blurted. She gazed at his face, so similar to his father and brother. He could have been handsome, but the look in his eyes was cruel, dark, and empty of emotion. ‘I didn’t destroy Astras. It was pointless once you’d gone. I stopped the breach as you could have. That puzzled me until I realised I’d played into your hands. You wanted to be closer to Varan and Wylar, and I made it possible. I wonder what the hard-working Astrans would think of you if they knew what you’d put them through?’

He was naked now, and as he pressed against her, she felt his hardness. She hated how her body ruled her. Minoth smiled, registering her need. He kissed her and pulled her onto a pile of cushions, which suddenly appeared. Then he made love to her in a familiar way, giving her pain and pleasure. She saw his mind and was repulsed by him, but her body enjoyed it.
They made love until Doella fell asleep. Minoth sat for a long time looking at her. ‘You’ll never be mine,’ he whispered, ‘until your other lovers are dead.’ She lay as he’d left her, so beautiful, so desirable, her legs apart and beckoning. He crawled between her legs and pulled her onto him. ‘I love you, Doella,’ he said, and he sucked at her breasts until the blue milk flowed. She woke up, and for a moment she forgot where she was and smiled, thinking he was Vrash. He sensed her disappointment and bit her nipple in anger. ‘I love you, Doella,’ he said repeatedly, as he thrust into her. He put his lips to her nipples again.
The villa was elegant. Inside was everything she needed, including a canopied bed and a luxurious bath. Minoth only left her when she slept. He understood she’d leave and hadn’t pledged to return. He decided on his next move before she arrived, and he didn’t intend to change it. As long as there were other calls on her love, she’d have little time for him, unless… He must find a way of getting rid of everyone, even his father. First, though, there were easier targets…
‘You agreed you’d let me go without fighting me,’ Doella insisted.
‘Yes, you kept your part of the bargain, but listen to me. If you will do this for me, I’ll abandon my war plans. I’ll go to a place you’d enjoy to visit and wait for you. Yes,’ he urged as Doella shook her head. ‘I want children… first a girl who looks like you.’

He saw the horror on his mother’s face. ‘So you can offer her to more obscene followers, as you tried to do to me, or use her as you use me?’ Her anger flared and as if it suddenly broke a spell, she realised her unnatural lust for her evil son was finished. It was as if a bright, fast pain passed through her body and left her free. How it happened, she didn’t understand. She must have drawn strength from somewhere deep inside. Minoth saw a sudden change in his mother’s eyes. He grew angry and tried to strike her, but she grabbed his arm.
‘No, Minoth, there will be no children, and I won’t be coming again. We are even now.’
‘Then there will be wars, terrible wars.’
‘And we will fight you and win. Minoth, it’s not too late. Come back to your family and let us help you.’
‘I want you, not your help!’
‘Minoth, if you ever change your mind and need your family’s love, we’ll support you. Your father, Var…’
His eyes blazed with fury. ‘You know what I crave and soon you’ll learn what your refusal costs.’
He was gone. There was no time for tears, she was back on Phailden, calling for Var and Vrash.
She told them what happened.
‘He says he’ll attack Wylar,’ said Var, as his brother whispered to him.
‘Quickly, both of you,’ she said, but they went before she finished speaking.
Minoth lied to Var, for as he hinted to his brother, he winged down to Wyan as a dragon. He realised he’d to prevent Dolar from contacting her grandmother, so he disguised his signature. Dolar was unsure who the intruder was and rose to meet him in case he threatened her brood. She didn’t recognise the stranger. He was an unusual colour, black tinged with purple. Minoth resisted an urge to gloat and inform her who he was before he killed her. He wanted to tell her he’d kill her husband too. And many Wyan, as his following armies would before “the family” found out and rushed to their aid.
Dolar died in a burst of blue flame before she could sound any alarm. His hidden force of advanced vessels descended on the planet, firing as they came. The Wyan had no ships and were ruthlessly attacked. But Minoth made one error in his lust for vengeance - Hath was not on Wyan. Nevertheless, Minoth was happy with his first revenge. Hath could wait until later. Minoth withdrew his troops and disappeared.
Doella sensed Dolar die. She hovered above Wyan, looking at the devastation below. Vrash arrived with Hath, and Doella moved onto the planet to her traumatised brother.
‘I can’t believe she’s gone, Doella,’ he said, his voice expressionless. ‘I realise how much you loved her, it must upset you,’ he was more concerned about Doella's grief than his own.
‘Doella, we can trace where Minoth’s ships are based,’ said Vrash, ‘I’ll follow the trail.’
‘Hath, call the children, we must find how many…’ Doella didn’t want to say the word “killed.” Hath was too upset over Dolar, and Doella knew there were casualties, her children among them.
Wylane called the Black Ship to take him to Wyan. As Doella comforted her brother, he discovered only thirty-two died out of two hundred and thirty. The Wyan were a tough breed. Many of the injured were recovering, and Wylane helped heal the serious casualties. He and Doella lost two children, but they’d no time to grieve. They moved everyone to Wylar for safety. Wyan to be left deserted until it was safe to re-colonise.
At first, Hath refused to leave his ruined home. They couldn’t find Dolar’s remains, and so Doella realised Minoth disguised himself as a dragon and used blue flame to kill her. She sent word to Wylar to be careful. To assuage Hath’s grief, they built a small cairn and bade a heart-wrenching farewell to a wise and much-loved dragon. Doella and Hath held hands, and for the first time since she’d arrived, Doella wept for Dolar and the lost Wyan. They’d been through so much together, and Dolar’s dragon sense of humour and practical advice often lent strength to Doella when feeling out of her depth. Hath put his arms around his sister and they held each other close.
Doella heard nothing more from Minoth. She tried to explain what started her sudden loathing for her son’s touch. Why had she wanted him? Making love for her was love not hate. Afterwards, she was repulsed and guilt-ridden, and could never figure out why she’d let it happen. Once she’d have blamed her god’s manipulations, but now she knew it was a convenient lie. She discussed it with Sark, but he’d no plausible answers, except it might have happened because Doella was more in control of her powers. He acknowledged no one she loved was safe, her mad son intended to destroy the rivals for his mother’s love. They debated the situation with the others. They now included Lansdow in these family meetings, ostensibly as the representative of the Varan, but they realised the real reason for his presence. Everyone agreed they were at risk but had known it a long time.

Core stayed behind to speak to her, so she cooked dinner, and afterwards, they sat in the garden, discussing how well the plants thrived on Phailden.
Then Core said the words she’d been dreading. ‘Doella, let me go. I must prepare for my Final Journey.’
‘Why Core? You are still young. Please don’t, it’s too soon after Dolar. I need you more now.’
‘Doella, you’ll always find a reason to keep me here, and I am weary. We realise when we need to discard our enhancements and when our lives should end. I’ve had a full and interesting life, and these last years with you have been my happiest. I can’t tell you how joyful you and our children, and our friends here make me.’
‘We didn’t always get on so well,’ she reminded him.
‘No, we didn’t,’ Core admitted. ‘You were wise not to stop the breach and to bring us here.’
‘Does everyone know?’
‘Most of your close family guess. It was hard to leave Astras - we built a fine home there. But many of us found our dependence on you and the Black Ship irksome. Now we can use conventional travel, and we are closer to Varan and Wylar too.’ Core helped her to rationalise her decision.
‘I didn’t tell anyone because I thought they’d hate me after what we went through to settle on Astras. Though I rushed from place to place, ferrying people back and forth, until sometimes I felt dizzy,’ she laughed. ‘At least on Phailden, there’s no need. Core, I’m worried over Chasol, it’s an easy target. Var and Vrash help me watch it, but it’s a strain, as they are needed elsewhere. Minoth fooled Dolar, and though dragons are helping on Chasol, they are no match for Minoth. We have another continent here, but no infrastructure.’
‘That can be overcome. Why didn’t you mention it at the meeting? We could bring them here now,’ Core urged.
‘Apart from the threat, everyone grieves and I couldn’t intrude. I waited for a better time.’
‘There won’t be a better moment. But tell Lansdow your intentions first.’
‘Yes, but most of Varan mistrusts and detests us. I looked for an alternative, but nothing else suitable or too close to our colonies.’
‘They were kind to the Arkans,’ Core said gently.
‘Yes, because they view them as a primitive child-race. The Chasol are different. Should I ask for another world?’
‘Bring them here, Doella, it’s safer.’
‘Won’t you help me with Varan? Until we move the Chasol here,’ she pleaded.
‘Then what other excuses will you find? Doella, you must let me go. Claden will help you now, and Sark has always been your advisor. Lansdow makes progress with the Councillors, and there’s no need to tell them about bringing the Chasol, is there? But one thing you have neglected to do, and Sark keeps reminding you. You should tell Coath the truth about Vrash before he finds out for himself.’
Doella nodded. ‘I keep putting it off. I’m surprised Minoth hasn’t made sure he knows by now. You can’t leave me, Core, who else will boss me around the way you do?’
‘Doella, you must let me go,’ he repeated, ‘please don’t fight me. I need your approval, not your censure.’ He held out his arms. Her warm tears soaked through his robe to his skin. He wondered how he’d cope with dying. Doella’s misery would make it harder for him.

Chapter 21
Vrash accompanied his mother when she plucked up the courage to tell Coath the truth. She’d new apartments in the palace. Not as lovely as those on Ark, but well-appointed and filled with the furniture as before, with a balcony instead of the terrace. She missed being able to step out into the garden.
Coath came to her eagerly. It startled him when he saw Vrash, who’d visited only a few days ago. He was even more confused when Vrash hugged him.
‘I’ll call you when I need you, Vrash.’
‘Yes, Doella,’ he agreed before leaving.
Vrash had always called her “mother” in front of him. ‘There is something wrong, isn’t there, my wife?’
‘I’ve got an endless tale to tell you, my dear husband.’
‘And I’ve waited a long time to hear it. I know of Carnos and Sark, but who else is there? My fears are real now - on Ark, I pretended your other life didn’t exist.’
Coath listened to her story without comment. Once he’d been angered by her candour, but he learned he was only a part of her life. He admired Carnos and Sark. They had been kind to him and his people, although he’d sensed Carnos’ jealousy, especially when he’d helped choose these apartments for Doella. He found Sark very alien but possessing the wisdom of a priest. So Coath listened, and Doella sensed his emotions, as she told him about the others, but she hadn’t yet mentioned Vrash.

‘Coath, there’s something I must tell you, and it won’t be easy for either of us.’ She got up and poured wine. As she handed it to him, she said. ‘Vrash is not your biological son.’ She waited to see his reaction.
‘I wondered,’ he said, and his voice shook with emotion. ‘But he looked like me, so I accepted he was, and I love him as much as Siro and Closen. They are mine - Vrash never was.’
‘What made you think so?’
‘Even when a baby, and I looked into his eyes, I saw more than in any other Arkans. I told myself it was your look, but the other two didn’t have the same. I said nothing because it frightened me you might be angry and not come back. But when our other sons were born, then I knew you loved me. When you took him away and he learnt your ways fast, I wondered if he was the son of a god, not of a simple man from Ark.’
‘You hid this confusion from me?’
‘It was difficult, I realise the power of your mind. I still love him as much as the others.’
‘I know.’
‘Who is his actual father?’

She explained, but Coath saw the elder Vrash as a god and she couldn’t argue. He was relieved for the truth, but she hadn’t revealed to him Vrash was also her husband as well as her son.
‘Coath there is something that may be… unbelievable, awful even. Vrash is also my husband.’ She paused. Coath was shocked and stared at her uncomprehendingly. ‘Coath, I can’t spare you the pain of this. I’ve dreaded this moment for a long time, but now your life is in danger…’
‘It’s always in danger,’ he snapped. Doella could see how angry he was, and she couldn’t blame him for it. ‘If you’re a lord, someone wants to take your crown.’
‘Coath, my dear, please listen. I’m trying to explain why you are here on Phailden.’
‘Your son!’ he railed. ‘Why am I not surprised? I am not.’ He put his head in his hands.
‘Vrash is a god too, why we married and had children… because we must. We had the twins to keep the universe in balance.’ She used his superstitious nature to help him accept the situation. ‘Coath, one of those twins is good, and the other evil. The evil one desires to kill everything and everyone I love, and I brought you and our sons here so I might better protect you.’
Coath heard what she said, and he seized on the excuse for Doella and Vrash’s behaviour with relief. The story of the twins was important in his people’s mythology. They recorded it in the ancient scroll of Barak. He need not give up Doella. ‘The actions of the gods differ from the ways of mortals,’ he agreed. But Doella still felt his pain, and she put her arms around his shoulders and kissed his head.
The next morning, Coath found Vrash waiting for him. Coath dismissed the servants.
‘Your mother is a goddess. Men want her, even her son,’ Coath said. Vrash knew better than to deny what Coath believed. But he realised his father’s jealousy. ‘I am not a god, as you are. I understand a man’s lusts and I remember how as a boy you fought your need for her.’
‘Father, you must not think of me as a god.’
‘You are both gods!’ Coath raised his voice and then said in a calmer tone. ‘I still recognise you as my son,’ he paused, ‘but it’s hard to agree we share the same spouse. It is against our laws for a child to lay with its parent. You’ve both sinned against the law, and the penalty is I should throw you from a high cliff. But you are gods, and your ways are different. I heard the ancient gods married and bred with their mothers, fathers, children, and siblings. So, as you are a god, I accept your relationship with the beautiful one I call my wife. Besides, if I had you both thrown from the top of this tall building, neither of you’d die, would you?’ he exclaimed.
‘No.’
‘Then how can you deny you are both gods?’ Vrash turned to go. ‘Vrash!’ Coath shouted, ‘I love you.’
Vrash turned around and said, ‘I love you too, father.’
Core looked older. ‘Soon you won’t want me,’ he said to Doella, with a sad smile.
‘I’ll always want you, Core, for as long as you live.’
‘Kind Doella, I won’t be able to do what I once did.’
‘You may have years of life left,’ she answered, ignoring what he tried to tell her.
‘Or only months. Ageing is not a pleasant process, Doella. Even now I’m weak and in pain, and I’ll become increasingly feeble. All I ask of you is when I am dying and repulsive to you, you will still hold me in your arms.’
‘Oh, Core,’ her tears came, ‘I’ll miss you so much.’
‘If I linger, I’ll be an irascible old man and you’ll be glad to get me into the funeral craft.’
‘No, never! I’ve lost Wylar, and Dolar, Losi and Tikela, and my dear Wyan children, and soon you’ll leave me too.’
Core wiped away her tears. ‘We’ll all go before you, Doella.’
They heard nothing from Minoth and still searched for his hideout. The one Vrash discovered was a military base, which they had under surveillance, but he’d disappeared.
Doella met with Claden to discuss how the Karish progressed with the leads they gave them.
‘If only we could get help from the other guardians, Doella. Minoth is playing games with us.’
‘I’ve tried, but they don’t wish to be found, and at present, there’s no time to continue my search. Besides, if they don’t choose to be, then they won’t. I can’t say I blame them, this isn’t the easiest of lives to lead. Our priority is to find Minoth’s bases and keep them under surveillance, to make sure we don’t have another massacre. Is there anything new to report?’
‘Yes, we may and Core agrees with me,’ said Claden. ‘We’ve found a race which has made a sudden leap in technology, and monitored them, they must get help.’
‘Sounds promising. For once, the post-dragon era’s paranoia has paid off. I could understand Varan stopping Earth-forming, but not the old surveillance teams.’
Claden nodded. ‘Originally this planet was populated by two distinct races, unusual, but they’ve become one. Occasionally there’s a natural throwback to the original race.’
Doella remembered Minoth’s so-called generals with distaste. ‘Can I see the data?’
Claden handed her a data ring. ‘They also recruit mercenaries, but there’s no war on their world. We’ve two Karish among them, posing as rogues looking for work as soldiers.’
Core entered the room and joined them. He looked old and used a stick, but his mind was as clear as ever. Doella smiled at him and kissed him. She had to resist the urge to help him.
‘Core, did Claden tell you what he found?’ he nodded. ‘I’m worried it’s one of Minoth’s worlds. The two Karish may be in danger. If Minoth goes there, he’ll recognise a Varan signature. No amount of mind control can keep him out. And he is so cruel.’
‘We understand the risks we take, Doella,’ said Core, ‘and they’ll die for Varan, as you chanced with Wylar.’
‘Yes, but now I couldn’t die if I wanted.’
‘You are worried over the two agents on Thra-ash,’ said Core.
‘Yes… it may be wise to recall them.’
‘That is difficult…’ Claden responded to Doella’s fears.
‘Why? One of us could go for them.’
‘Safer to send Var or Vrash,’ said Claden. He realised it might be another trap - but he gave her their signatures.
‘One of them is a woman!’ Doella was concerned.
‘Yes, she’s an ex Earth-former who found Varan too stifling…’ Claden faltered.
‘Like you, Doella,’ added Core.
‘But I had help. This poor girl can’t fight Minoth.’
‘They are finding out information. Leave them a while longer,’ urged Claden.
‘For now, but if they see Minoth, they must move by bubble so I can retrieve them, trap or no trap. Will you please excuse me? Rucella is asking where I am - it’s one of my grandchildren’s birthday parties.’
She kissed Core and left them.
‘She’s very beautiful, isn’t she?’ Core could sense Claden’s admiration.
‘Yes, but it’s not only the way she looks.’
‘I agree, she’s more than just a lovely woman.’
‘Are my feelings obvious?’
‘They are to me. You want to get closer to her, as Lansdow?’
‘Yes. How times change. You are a senior Karish officer involved in a serious liaison with a rogue, and I am contemplating a relationship with the same individual. Unfortunately, the lady hasn’t noticed my interest.’
‘You are wrong. Doella knows the effect she has on you. Lately, she’s behaving as a Varan matron. Don’t smile, Claden, it’s true. She used to be promiscuous, but her dealings with Minoth changed her. I remember the first moment I saw her. She danced nude for Wylar, and she was so lovely. I tried to keep my thoughts to myself but she realised how I felt and when I gave in, I regretted every day I’d kept her away from me. Now I’m old, I regret the lost time even more.’
Core spent most of his life resting in a special chair in the garden. There were always visitors - children, grandchildren, friends and, of course, Doella. She’d sit beside him and hold his fragile hand. He was ageing rapidly because she hadn’t allowed him to remove his enhancements when he first asked. Doella understood it wouldn’t be long and still slept with him as she promised. One morning he looked at her with an unreadable expression.
‘Dearest Doella, my time is over and I must go. I’m too tired to leave my bed. My much-loved one, the years we’ve spent together are too short, but they were the most rewarding of my life.’

Cathra, their eldest daughter, told everyone it was the time for her father’s farewell. Lansdow sent a funeral ship for their use. Doella tried to stop her tears as Core’s many friends and relatives came from Varan, visiting Phailden for the first time. Core lay in bed looking frail, his once handsome face lined and sunken, and his thick golden hair a lustreless grey. It was supposed to be a joyous occasion, a celebration of a life well spent. The usually self-reliant Cathra couldn’t cope with her pain and left the room. Doella moved after her to comfort her. As most of those from Astras, she was unused to dealing with death.
‘Why is he leaving so soon? I thought we would’ve years together. It’s too early to lose a parent.’
‘Your father wasn’t young when I had you and your siblings. He understood this would happen, and I begged him to let me conceive you. Imagine how much worse my grief without you to remind me of him.’ A picture of Minoth’s last request came into her mind, and she shuddered at the memory.
‘What’s wrong, mother?’
‘Nothing, dear Cathra. We’d better go back or it will upset your father, It’s his last night with us, and we should try to be happy for his sake.’ Doella forced away the tears.
The next part of the ceremony was only for Doella and Core’s children. They made him comfortable in the tiny funeral ship. Core lay after the caresses they’d given him and waited for the hood to close.
As they stood away, waiting while the vessel readied itself for its journey, they sensed grief and terrible loss. It silently moved away.
Doella followed it, as Core expected, just as she had in her dream. No one accompanied a funeral ship. It travelled a long way into space, and from Varan. Doella put a bubble around it and lifted the roof for a last kiss. Core could only speak in her mind.
I love you, almost-wife.
Then whatever was Core vanished. His body shimmered for a moment before it disappeared and resolved itself into a fine powder. The lid shuddered and Doella understood if she hadn’t undone it, it would’ve opened itself to release the dust. Doella closed the lid and watched Core’s remains drift out into space. Her dream was right. Why did Varan bodies behave so differently from humans and those from other worlds? It must be the withdrawal of the bracelets, but Doella knew it added to the mystery of existence. She returned to Phailden, knowing the ship followed.
Sark waited to comfort her.

Chapter 22
Sark and Carnos were very excited by their latest breakthrough. Doella had seen little of either of them, they’d been working long hours on a project they wouldn’t discuss with anyone. Early one morning she received a mental call from Carnos. ‘Doella, come to the lab.’
Haris was in her bed. She half woke to tell him where she went, but didn’t resist when he reached for her. She arrived at the laboratory, looking dishevelled. ‘What’s so urgent it couldn’t wait until morning? I’m always busy this time of day.’ Carnos had a grin on his face and Sark was beaming too. ‘Tell me!’ Carnos took hold of her arm and pulled her towards a stasis container. ‘So that’s what you’ve been up to, researching the crystal from the trees.’
‘Wylane brought us this a while ago. You can overcome them after a short while, but initially, they upset you, which leaves you vulnerable for a few moments. We have been running tests, but we have worked out why they affect you and Vrash.’
‘Please hurry and get to the point, Carnos. You wouldn’t drag me out of bed to tell me this.’
‘Their sub-molecular vibration affects your blue crystals and your bracelet and Hyclos enhancements too because they interact with the Feye ones. We had deduced the polarity difference was responsible, but because it’s so erratic we haven’t been able to overcome it until now. It makes your crystals go to sleep for a while until it adjusts to the oscillation rates and synchronises its rhythm to match theirs.’
‘I worked that out myself.’
‘We’ve worked out the vibration signature. It was complex and difficult, but we’ve done it, Doella,’ said Carnos.
‘So all we need to do,’ added Sark, ‘is to program your Varan bracelet with the information and it will nullify the effect on your Feye crystals.’
‘You’ve both worked so hard, thank you. It’ll be a relief to be rid of the crystal nuisance. Can we leave the field trials until morning?’
‘It won’t take long, Doella,’ said Shark. ‘Carnos and I’d like to sleep too.’
Doella fell asleep as they worked on her bracelet and ran the tests to make sure the crystals no longer affected her. They didn’t wake her when they had finished, she looked so lovely lying there with her golden hair framing her face and falling loose to the floor. Her sleep-gown showed more than it should. Carnos studied her and Sark watched him.
‘Isn’t she lovely, Sark? The first moment I met her, I loved her, and she didn’t refuse. It wasn’t long before I realised I needed more than an affair, I wanted her for my wife. We are called husbands, not what I wished, but I take what she gives me, as we all do. Look at her, she’s even lovelier now, but every day she becomes less my wife. Despite that, I’d not change this way of life or my time with her - and neither would you, old friend.’
‘No, I wouldn’t. We’d best wake her up and apply the last test before we call Vrash.’
Not long after the breakthrough, Claden called Doella, and she went quickly.
‘Minoth’s captured both our officers,’ he said.
‘I told you to pull them out of there and let me know if you were having difficulties. I’d have gone for them.’
‘The male operative is dead. I received a message from Minoth. Should we send more operatives?’
‘No, he’d kill them too. I’ll go.’

Chapter 23
Calelia was close to death, and she longed for it. She was hanging by her arms from a chain from the ceiling high above, her long golden hair falling over her naked body. She was bleeding, her nipples had been bitten off and there was blood between her legs - her bracelet lay useless on the floor. There was another body at the other end of the room. It looked broken, its limbs spread out unnaturally. He too was nude and covered in blood.
Minoth watched the girl swinging from the chain. Without taking his eyes from Calelia he said, ‘She’s a Varan, mother, and she looks like you, doesn’t she? They are such an attractive race.’ It revolted Doella - his once handsome face now showed the evil creature he was. ‘But they are so weak. I made love to her the way I do you, and see what happened.’ He smiled and Doella shuddered.
‘You are the most abhorrent monster which ever existed, Minoth,’ she whispered.
‘You used to enjoy how I fucked you, mother. Why have you changed?’ His voice was shrill.
‘I don’t know,’ Doella shouted, ‘but I’m glad I don’t want you anymore and ashamed I ever did. You are an ugly, sick creature.’
She moved towards the young woman and they were gone. The man’s body disappeared soon afterwards.
Doella used her skills to bring the girl back from the brink of death and to heal her, restoring what Minoth tried to destroy. When she slept peacefully, she went to find her son Wy, who’d built himself a small home away from the settlement.
She wept in his arms and Wylane joined them. ‘Doella, you are upset, but we need help. Minoth attacked one of the dragon colonies, and there are casualties. Most of them scattered and escaped. We’ve withdrawn to Wylar and Var is there to protect us - the start of the war, Doella.’
‘I’ll see you back on Wylar, Wy, will you go with your father on the Black Ship?’ she said and was gone.

Wy looked at Wylar. ‘Father, despite my studies and reflections, I can’t imagine how such a negative force as Minoth may ever change anything for the better, can you?’
‘It’s possible. He might destroy something insignificant now that could grow into something destructive later. That’s the theory, isn’t it?’ his voice was quiet.
‘How many died, father?’
‘We are not sure yet, we must wait for your mother to tell us.’
Fifty dragons perished, killed by Minoth. They’d sacrificed themselves to save the others, knowing they couldn’t fight Minoth and win. Many more escaped. Parella organised the refugees and Var would stay with them. Vrash had to protect Varan and Phailden.
Unlike the other dragons, Wylane was coldly angry, with a rage worse than the fiery anger of a fighting dragon. But he felt helpless as his kin did. Only Var or his parents could keep Minoth in check. Never had his people been victims. Doella was the only one with power over them. Wy stayed with his father while Doella returned home with the bad news.
Claden waited for her. He sat beside Calelia, who was unconscious.
‘How is she?’ Doella asked.
‘She’s asleep. We are too frightened to wake her yet, her dreams are terrifying.’
A shadow crossed Doella’s face. ‘My son is a monster, Claden. I can’t believe I gave birth to him. I’m sorry about the man. He’d been dead for a while, and I thought it best to leave things as they were.’ Claden nodded.
A nurse came in and bathed the young woman’s face and hands with cool water.
‘Is there any change for the better, Vala?’ Doella asked the Te.
‘She’s still troubled, Doella, and from what we can glimpse in her mind, it’s not surprising.’ The Te gave a sad smile and left.

Doella laid her palms on the girl’s head. Claden noticed a faint blue glow and saw in his mind what she knew, as she tried to cleanse the girl’s terrible memories. Claden felt sick, while Doella emanated sorrow and guilt. She stopped and looked at him. ‘You are ill, Claden. Perhaps you should leave.’
‘No,’ he answered sharply, ‘we need to understand our enemy.’ Without thinking, he moved to Doella and put his hands on her shoulders as if to comfort her.
She returned to Calelia’s memories and found the one she wanted. ‘This is it, Claden,’ she said aloud. ‘Look.’ They saw a tall hominid shape wrapped in a hooded cloak walking along Minoth’s hall with a purposeful stride. The covering opened as he moved, and they glimpsed an arm half flesh and half metal. As he neared Minoth, he pulled his hood back, and Doella felt the girl’s fear. Everyone was frightened of Minoth, and this man’s appearance heightened the dread.

The Karish tried to mind-probe the metal man. His mind was relentless and cold. He spoke to Minoth quietly and then turned to leave. As he did so his eyes met Calelia’s and she realised she was found. Minoth knew she was there - he was playing games with the two Karish. The girl felt a blinding pain as a smiling Minoth entered her mind and she fell to the floor. Minoth tore off her cloak and ripped open her dress, scratching her breast as he did.
‘My, what a pretty Varan, and a Karish too.’ He finished stripping her as she struggled. He laughed. Much of the crowd dispersed, but a few of his minions remained behind, hoping for sport. ‘Now, where is the man with you?’ The Karish, in obedience to his training, tried to escape when they discovered Calelia, but Minoth stopped him from entering interlamina and pulled him along the floor to his distressed companion. Minoth inflicted pain on the girl as her bracelet fell to the ground and smiled as Calelia rolled around in agony.
Minoth’s expression changed, and he screamed for everyone to leave. The hall cleared. They were afraid of his fearful temper. Minoth brutally fucked her every way he knew how. Even Doella would’ve found this ordeal horrific, but compared to her this girl was a gentle innocent. Laughing, he hung her bleeding, torn, and barely conscious body from the ceiling. Then he jolted her awake, so she saw him kill the man. Minoth dragged him along the floor, stood him up and struck him so hard one of his eyes burst and his jaw broke. As the hysterical girl observed, Minoth beat him to death. When he was dead, Minoth threw his mangled body into the shadows, and then lowered the young woman and raped her over again, even after she lost consciousness.

Claden felt the same repulsion as Doella. He’d been a field Karish for long years and saw the depravity of many races, but this was different. Usually, Varan were in control, observing events dispassionately, but what these two Karish suffered was beyond his experience. At least the woman was sleeping now, and her dreams suppressed.
‘I’ve buried everything as deep in her mind as I dare. She’ll recover, but if I wipe the memories completely it might harm her. She’ll wake soon. Leave her here with us and we’ll help her recover. Poor girl… my evil son…’ Doella lowered her head in grief.
Claden still had his hands on her shoulder and he massaged them. ‘It isn’t your fault, don’t blame yourself.’
She turned to him. ‘Isn’t it? It’s how he made love to me, but he couldn’t hurt me. Now see what he does to women. Claden, if Var doesn’t kill him, then I will. The girl should wake soon - we’d better leave her to the nurses.’ She changed her manner, a strange expression in her eyes. ‘Do you still want to go to bed with me after what you saw?’
‘Yes,’ he looked hopeful for a moment, but then Doella shook her head.
‘This isn’t the time, Claden.’ She left him to ponder her words and went to find Sark.
Sark insisted on seeing the girl’s memories. ‘Poor girl, it’s not your crime, you warned Claden to get them out of Minoth’s path.’
‘It’s entirely my fault. I made Minoth the way he is. Vrash and I shouldn’t have had the twins. I thought I understood the risks, and I headed on, believing I conceived them for a valuable reason. Well, I can’t understand how any of this helps creation. I have to bear his guilt and it’s a heavy burden.’
‘We ask ourselves the same question - how can such evil create anything wonderful? I don’t have the answer, but I know you, Doella, and there’s no hatred in you. You indeed have faults, as we all do, but there’s so much emotion inside you… and I’m not talking about your overdeveloped sex-drive. You love your family and friends.’
‘But I upset you, especially you and Carnos.’
‘You’ve hurt him more than anyone.’
‘Yes.’
‘I never expected us to last. Sharing you was far from easy. But unlike Carnos, I didn’t expect to marry you. This life serves me well, Doella…’
She burst into tears. Sark found the fiery liquor Lansdow gave her. Doella gulped hers while Sark sipped at his. ‘No wonder this isn’t legal on Varan,’ he remarked.
Doella smiled. ‘Most households still make it, using bitter, poisonous berries. In the old days, the Varan farmers discovered a use for everything, as we did on Astras.’

The image of the machine man entered her mind. ‘I know his race,’ she mused, ‘I’m sure of it. What do you think, Sark?’
‘He might belong to one of several races we have on data. I’ll check and send the details to Claden. He looked confident, didn’t he? Even in front of Minoth.’
‘Yes, what alerted me?’
‘I don’t like the look of him either.’ 
‘He is telepathic too, and Calelia couldn’t keep him out. He looks human, but we were careful to breed out any mental tendencies.’
‘You realise how nature twists and turns of its own accord, with or without our help.’
‘Those implants were enhancements, Sark, primitive but effective. I’m afraid I was terse with Claden.’ Sark’s knowing glance annoyed her.
‘Is he becoming Core’s replacement?’ he suggested.
‘No one will ever replace Core.’
Claden selected several Earths whose technology might have acquired a cyber-enhanced body. He agreed with Doella they developed the man from human stock, and he showed her the data. ‘I’ve scanned through the Karish reports for the last twenty thousand years. Several possibilities emerged, but most of the races have faded and some extinct. However, six of them continue to flourish.’
‘Humans rarely like inorganic implants, they prefer to grow organic parts instead.’
‘Yes, and it helped narrow the field. I added the parameters to include peoples with a persistent warlike nature. These first three are the most probable, the others possibilities.’
‘Excellent… but no more Karish agents please, Claden. I don’t want such an experience again, and I expect you don’t either. Calelia’s suffering will haunt us for a long time. I’ll go myself. The creature’s mind was more powerful than it should be.’
‘Perhaps Minoth told him the Karish were present. May I suggest you visit Minos first?’
‘A strange, convenient name. When was this Earth left to its own devices?’
‘They were high tech, with ongoing aggression. The Karish kept a close eye on them until the Dragon Wars. They reported little mental abnormality, just the usual amount of paranormal incidents ridiculed by the majority of people.’
‘Yes, it sounds promising. I’ll try there.’
‘Lansdow wants to see you,’ Claden said, watching her face.
She gave nothing away, but she realised the Karish had deduced her relationship with the First Councillor.
‘Have you reported to him, Claden?’
‘Of course.’ He made a move and then changed his mind, looking for a sign from her.
Doella moved to him and kissed him, as she’d a fond friend. ‘You are a good man, Claden,’ she said and vanished.
Claden touched his cheek.
Before Doella left, Lansdow asked her to report to the Inner Council. They were nervous over what happened on the dragon colony. Doella itched to go to Minos, but she needed the councillor’s co-operation. The sub-council’s numbers had grown and its power increased with each fresh addition. During the session, Elayto never took his eyes off Doella, and Lansdow had trouble ignoring it.
Sarilla summed up the meeting in her serene way. ‘So, Doella, it might be possible these Minos are helping Minoth, and vice versa?’
‘I’ll find out and report back when I return. I ask you to be vigilant and to call for Vrash if you are worried while I’m away.’ Doella left hurriedly to deny Elayto the opportunity of speaking to her.
There was something familiar about Minos, it recalled her time on Vrash when she’d explored her mind. It was a world where everything appeared clean and tidy on the surface while the underside displayed inequality and great cruelty. This was no Earth planet, and these people hadn’t evolved here. They didn’t align with the local flora and fauna, and there were signs of minor Earth-forming. Most of the plants were genetically enhanced to suit the temperature. Once this world was covered in thick forest, and the climate wet, with almost continuous rain. She saw the changes were recent by the lack of diversity in the species, which survived.
Doella spent days observing the sphere. Their machinery was sophisticated, but the surveillance technology couldn’t trace her, and she was careful to keep her mind empty of thoughts in case Minoth was nearby.
She couldn’t find anything to connect these people with the recent airstrikes. She was about to move on to the next planet on the list when she remembered the phase from her memory, “go beneath the surface”.
Doella sensed underground installations existed, but hadn’t investigated many of them, and she was unprepared for what she discovered.
She located a military base in a remote mountain range. The mountains contained an ore, which distorted normal scans, so this remained secret, but not from Doella’s senses. What she found beneath appalled her. Most of the adult male Minos citizens had cybernetic implants, a limb, or an eye. Older ones had more. Like all humans, their bodies wore out quickly. But these people didn’t find the enhancements distasteful, as did most other human societies…. They’d taken a step further.

Underground was a dark and ugly world, different from the one on the surface. This was the real Minos. The natural cave system enlarged to gigantic proportions and here was stored Minos’s army.
She found millions of cybernetically enhanced men. The only human parts left to them were the major part of their brain and their reproductive tract - to what end Doella only imagined. They were in a deep sleep. Doella shuddered and couldn’t help but wonder what became of the redundant body parts. She kept looking and met another horror - women kept like cattle and used for breeding since many were pregnant. These pitiful women lived naked in pens, and she saw one artificially inseminated.
The women on the surface were more attractive and intelligent, they lived in luxury while their sisters laboured here as farm animals. Perhaps when their beauty waned they too would end up here, at least while they remained fertile. There were no elderly. Doella resisted her instinctive urge to destroy everything and set the women free. Where were the children? Doella had to control herself. This was like the lunacy of New Hyclos but tainted with the stench of her son’s delusion. She found the youngsters. If the women were pitiful, the little ones were even poorer. They were raised in cages, fed, and hosed clean. She wondered how any of them survived. This was far worse than anything the Hyclos women conceived.
Doella was desperate to get out, but first, she accessed the data system. It was primitive, and she soon finished the download.

Chapter 24
She immediately reported to Lansdow and Claden. The horror on both their faces reflected her thoughts as she showed them what she had seen, accompanied by the data.
The men looked at each other in shock.
‘Minoth isn’t mentioned by name,’ she said, ‘but it’s too much of a coincidence. They moved here from an old worn-out Earth, two hundred years ago onto a formed planet,’ she sighed. ‘These men have always mistreated women. Minoth hates them too because of me. This has his stamp all over it.’
Lansdow moved to his cupboard. ‘Please don’t arrest me, Claden,’ he joked, reaching inside for his bottle of “illegal” liquor, ‘but we need a restorative.’
Claden smiled and accepted a glass.
After a few sips, Doella sensed the fire of the liquor flowing through her bloodstream and then dissipating. She continued: ‘They keep the data systems separate. The people on the surface wouldn’t wish to know where their armies originate.’
‘There may be more soldiers asleep, than are adults on Varan,’ suggested Claden.
‘Yes and more coming. I didn’t look round the children’s pens and cages enough, but I realised they condition them to be both aggressive and obedient. Do what you told, and you are fed and you live - disobey and they kill you. They remove a small part of the infants’ brains so they can’t think for themselves, then they are connected to computer systems. I imagined I’d seen evil when we fought the Ca and they had killed so many of their people, but this is worse. They have similar facilities on another three worlds - no doubt they are under Minoth’s guidance.’
‘They are no match for your dragons, are they?’ suggested Claden, glad they circled their space.
‘No, only Minoth can harm them.’ Doella replied, ‘He plans to kill them, after which his “friends” clean up. Why Parella recalled everyone to Wylar and either Vrash or Var stay there, but they’ll have to breed or feed one day, and then they’ll be vulnerable. Vrash or I’ll go with them to keep them safe.’
Lansdow noticed the expression on Claden’s face. Had the man forgotten who he wanted to make love with? He remembered his confusion when he found out about Doella - but it hadn’t changed his feelings.
‘I’m sorry if I shock you Claden, you forget what I am. Can I leave you two to talk to the inner council? I must tell everyone what I’ve discovered and plan counter-measures now Minoth is putting his plans into action.’
She called home first so she could bathe. As she lay in her bath, she remembered Shish. She’d grown up since those days, she no longer acted like a young, unmarried Varan, taking pleasure where she fancied. It was his death, which changed her, otherwise, she might be planning a grand seduction of the human-cyborg she’d saw in Calelia’s mind. No matter, he had a handsome face - it held such cruelty. Once the immature her imagined she’d change him by making him love her. Sometimes her stupidity appalled her.
And what of his mental powers? She’d felt no evidence of telepathy on Minos, just the usual spasmodic and uncontrollable insights many humans had. And must check the other two horror bases, but she might ask Var or Vrash to go instead… she’d had enough. She thought of Coath and her face relaxed. At least her families were together. She understood Minoth re-mapped the human genome to make them telepathic like the Arkans. Minoth mimicked the Varan and the Litza.
The Astrans on Phailden couldn’t understand why Doella, Vrash, and Var didn’t eradicate the troops before unleashed on another poor world. After New Hyclo, it appeared the best thing to do. As for the Varan, why soil their hands when someone else did it for them? The dragons agreed they’d wipe out the horror armies if Doella or Vrash and Var watched their backs. Minoth would protect his project. It looked the only way out, but as always Doella was loath to kill, and there were women and youngsters too. Her conscience still held her in check, unlike her dragon children, and neither Vrash nor Var had any wish to slaughter innocents either. It was her decision.
She sought Wy, now living on Wylar. He dwelt in isolation in a stone hut he’d built in the hills close to where Wylar was buried. He welcomed his parent and made her comfortable.
‘What shall we do? As a Varan, I find it hard to destroy life,’ his mother explained.
‘Is it life?’
‘Yes - their brains might work without control, although I’m sure they’d not be sentient as we know it. It’s not just the soldiers, the poor women and children too… I want to help them.’
‘Bring Screetha back at once,’ he blurted, ‘Minoth intends to hurt her.’
Doella jumped up. ‘What of the Chasol?’
‘Send the Black Ship. It doesn’t matter you haven’t completed their new home, you must take them now.’
‘Everything I care about is threatened, and more refugees for Phailden.’
She despatched the Black Ship. It could protect Screetha and the others, even from Minoth. The ship was more than a match for her son. She’d never considered it before, and wondered why?
It took a few days to get everyone from Chasol to Phailden, but it was a ploy of Minoth’s keeping them busy. Wylane realised Wy doubted his abilities and feared Minoth controlled him. Wy envied Screetha’s natural talents and the gift from The Cael. He’d believed with study and contemplation he’d become greater than his sister, but now his doubts grew. Wylane understood his son’s plight and went to reassure him.
‘You knew father, didn’t you?’ Wy accused him.
‘I never doubted you. A dragon is a creature of instinct. He’s the ability to reason but rarely uses it unless it becomes necessary. I sense your talent, it’s real. But Minoth is using you, my son, just as he tries to control all of us.’
The Minos attacked while Doella helped move the confused Chasol to Phailden. Doella felt a sharp pain stab through her head and then through her heart, and fell to her knees. Screetha was not around, but Voloc, one of her grandsons, came to her aid. In his hominid form, he held her to him as if to give her strength.
‘I’m fine, Voloc.’ She gasped. ‘I must go, it’s my Earth the Minos are attacking. Minoth means to cause me suffering.’
‘You are not going anywhere, mother.’ Minoth appeared, holding Screetha, his hands around her throat. ‘Well, what is it to be - your precious Earth or daughter? I will slay her. I’ll make sure there’s nothing left to revive.’
‘Please, Minoth, let her go.’
‘And then what, you’ll open your legs to me again? I’m no longer a slave to my want mother, but feed off my memories of the times we had together. I will murder her.’ He disappeared, taking Screetha with him. In her mind, Doella heard him, ‘I’ll return her, but until then, stay where you are.’
Doella screamed with frustration.

Screetha returned unscathed. Doella, overcome with anger and mad with grief, sensed her Earth’s demise. By the time Minoth left, it was too late. They seeded the atmosphere with blast bombs and it only took a few moments to destroy nearly all life on her Earth. Doella made her choice, even though she knew her old home was gone, and she grieved for the beauty lost and the history destroyed. She composed herself for Screetha’s sake. Screetha was uninjured, but it shattered her usual mental composure.
‘Did he hurt you?’ Doella clasped her daughter.
‘No, he let me into his mind. He thought it suitable punishment. I’m all right, Voloc will aid me. Go to your Earth, mother.’
It was total devastation - destroyed, everything is gone... She considered destroying the Minos soldiers, picking through the rubble of the annihilated world, but she was beyond anger, and more carnage would not save her sorrow. She’d been outmanoeuvred again.
Doella knew her next step and speculated as to why she’d let it come to this point before consulting the book. She often wondered what it contained, and why it was closed to her. Now was the time, although she left it too late. She moved to Vrashen and instead of the house, found the temple waiting for her. She removed the volume from the flame and turned around, and discovered herself inside the home, facing a desk and a comfortable chair. Doella called for coffee. When it appeared, she sat and opened the book.

Chapter 25
It was nothing like any ancient book she’d seen, the pages were alive and told her story in pictures, sound, and smells, touch, even emotions. It began before her delivery when the Rosarians manipulated the tiny foetus, her birth and the joy yet another child gave her parents, and the affection lavished on her. Then her relationship with her brother Hath, developing into what shouldn’t have, and how it didn’t. It showed Takos, her first genuine love, and her visiting their Earth together, meeting Carnos and Simune - every important milestone in her life, every emotion.
Doella laughed and cried, sensed sorrow and happiness. She experienced her uncertainty, her struggles and triumphs. She was so absorbed she forgot about her coffee. Her history was there. She stopped turning the pages and hesitated before going onto the next chapter, nervous about what the future might hold. She asked for another cup of coffee and sipped it, reflecting on her past.
But, she must deal with the present and it showed the destruction of a place she loved and she wept. She paced the room, terrified of what she might see next. Forcing herself to sit again, she turned the page to face the future.

It was boring at first - meetings and discussions - and it moved forward too quickly for Doella to register. And she cursed. This was what she needed and the book wouldn’t show her! It slowed and showed Var and Minoth facing each other. Their super strength was taken from them and they were as weak as any human. They’d battled for a long time and both fell exhausted to their knees. They rested for a moment before getting up again. The fight continued. Var fought the way he’d lived his life, and Minoth fought as he’d lived. Var was by far the better fighter, but Minoth used every underhanded trick to gain an advantage. Wise Var learned his tactics and played the same game. Still, the struggle went on. They could hardly stand, but locked in an obscene embrace. The book almost stopped. She noticed the strain in both their eyes and Var faltered. He felt sorry for his twin and didn’t want to kill him, he overcame his emotion, but it was too late. Minoth drew energy from somewhere and squeezed hard at Var’s throat. Var sensed his life force diminishing and struggled to live. Where he got the power from Doella couldn’t imagine, but he drove his hand straight into Minoth’s body, up between his ribs to grasp his heart. He must have help to do such a feat. In terrible pain, Minoth refused to give up. His hate kept him alive long enough to throttle his brother. They both died.
Doella stopped breathing. She sensed nothing, no grief, no relief - nothing. The book speeded up again, too fast for her to follow. Millennia flashed by in nanoseconds, it sometimes paused to show her events. She noticed a man who looked like Var, they’d have another son to replace him. Everything she’d seen in her dream, she watched her lovers die and her misery, then Vrash came to her weary of existence and craving oblivion. She saw the last years with Wylane until he too begged to die. Then lying in the dark and cold, unable to die, unable to choose her passing.
Her life ended when the universe died. Or would she sleep an endless sleep? The Blue Feye crystals found her, and she pushed them under her weight. She realised she must have encountered the other guardians, for the tiny drops of bright blue traversed unimaginable distances and she knew each one. Now she was always a dragon. Her crystal embedded in her huge bulk accompanied by the inert ones of the other guardians.
Doella closed the book. She hadn’t finished it but was too drained to continue, so she walked through the flowers, remembering the Feye she’d loved. As the sunset, she moved indoors, sat, and opened the tome again.
It was interesting reading, and the information was useful. It told her of the Feye race from the earliest times, Vrash the father had implanted his memories in her mind, but it was only now she recalled them. She saw the life of her strange Feye on this world, which existed out of time. How he died alone here among the flowers. Then she noticed Wylar’s form superimposed over his. How it possible, Wylar was born after the Feye? Was Sark’s idea correct, could he be a child of The Cael, of hers? She’d never asked him his age and he, in true dragon fashion, never mentioned it. To them, it wasn’t important. He might have been older than the Feye, for dragons only die if killed in battle.
It faced her with quantum puzzles. She understood anything was feasible, and now she believed Vrash was Wylar returned. It was difficult for her to accept, but it was conceivable. Even Wylane - any of them. As Core, his body turned to dust and his atoms were scattered to the winds. Sark’s mad Hyclos idea - why not?
The room changed around her. Her bed appeared, but first, she was hungry. The room was as the Black ship, she thought what food she’d like, and it arrived. She ate and reached for the drink, which appeared near at hand. Suddenly happier, she relaxed and taking the wine lay on the bed and was soon asleep.
The next morning she came back to the book. Would it tell her what she required? Most important, where were the other guardians? They must be somewhere, but this universe was so huge, Doella couldn’t search it. It was as she’d hoped, the next chapter told her all she required to find them. She picked up the volume and held it to her, feeling affection for it, like one of her pet cats in another world. Then remembered her Earth was gone. And a deep sadness at the waste, not only of life but of beautiful artefacts and glorious scenery. She left the house and returned the book to its hiding place.
When she got back, nothing had changed. No one came up with a way of stopping Minoth unless Doella and Var or Vrash combined their powers and destroyed him, and that way was risky. Doella didn’t tell anyone where she’d been. She must wait. But why so emotionless when she lost a much-loved son? She found Var on Wylar with Wy.
‘It’s time, isn’t it? What did the book tell you, mother?’ She showed both of them everything. A tear fell from her eye and Var brushed it away with his fingers and said, ‘It left out the most important part.’
‘Var?’
‘Wait for me here. You must stay until I call you!’
He went without a farewell.
Wy looked at his mother. ‘Are you sure what you saw? He doesn’t act as someone going to his death, does he?’
‘No, he doesn’t.’
‘Neither do you. You are my mother and love us, but I can’t detect any sadness in you, even knowing our dear Var is going to die.’
‘No, no sorrow. Do you, Wy?’
‘Only fear, I’ve lost my inner sight, mother, in punishment for my jealousy of Screetha. Minoth was using me.’
‘Perhaps Wy, but look at how you helped me to understand my deep self, and to explore my mind. You have a talent of your own, and Screetha will help you recover it.’
They sat together until it grew dark. Doella realised Var was close to death, and yet she still felt nothing. Vrash arrived, for he understood he didn’t need to protect Phailden or Varan. Minoth was no threat to them. The dragons could take care of the Minos if they attacked.
Unlike Doella, Vrash was agitated, and he couldn’t believe Doella sat in the dark with Wy, while Var, whom she loved, and Minoth, whom she hated, fought each other.
‘Doella?’
‘It’s going to be alright.’
‘How can it be?’
She faltered. ‘I don’t understand how.’ But deep inside, she did. The truth was an elusive memory. Nothing to do with what she’d seen in the book, but she couldn’t grasp its nebulous message.
Wylane entered the room. Vrash and Doella didn’t take their eyes from each other. Both gasped as they sensed the life go out of the twins, and then again as if a great force had washed though them and they became as one.
‘He is reborn,’ Doella said. She remembered the man in the book, who’d looked like Var. ‘Varnoth is born,’ she smiled. ‘Evil is contained again.’

Chapter 26
Doella gave up counting, but the Black Ship knew 200,000 Varan years had passed since they made Varnoth. All she understood was many she’d loved were gone. A shock to the family was the Wyan didn’t live as long as expected. No dragon lives, instead an average of 80,000. Screetha lived the longest, helping her mother cope with the grief of loss, and when her time came to go, Doella was inconsolable.

Phailden still flourished, her races once so different now intermingled, and many formed new colonies. The Earth experiments were a failure, only a few survived. Doella helped a few which showed promise, and under Lansdow Varan started up an intervention program, but even that couldn’t stem the flow of catastrophic, or slow and lingering extinction. Only six had space travel, which enabled them to move out of their solar system. So far, none had discovered how to breach inter-lamina, although most worked out it existed. Most of these successful technological Earths sent out colonists to other systems, using generational ships to do so. Varan too changed, its people returned to its always favoured pastime, farming. The Varan now colonised and no longer Earth-formed. They were still suspicious of other races. A dragon, their lair deep in a silent mountain never climbed, secretly protected each colony. They considered the rare sight of one flying a blessing, not a curse. So much had shifted, most for the better. With Minoth contained, everyone was safe - but Varnoth struggled too often with his twin within.
He settled on his lonely desert home, far from any inhabitable planets. He rarely left. His family visited occasionally, mostly his father, but containing Minoth was all-consuming if he sensed Doella. Therefore, she stayed away. If Minoth ever escaped the prison within his twin Var, then his anger would consume many. Varnoth was the most patient being to ever exist. Although Doella remembered her end, she admired the courage of her son, more than the fortitude required for her destiny.

Doella searched for the Guardians but not with passion. She hoped to come across them as she travelled throughout not just this galaxy but also many more. The Black Ship took her too many destinations, for it circled the ages in the universe, and understood what might distract her for a brief while. As if it was aware, Doella must take her search for the Guardians seriously and wait. One day when her family did not need her, Doella realised it was time to look for those like her, who had lived far longer than she had. The Black Ship knew too - it went for Varnoth while Doella said her goodbyes. Varnoth realised he must support his mother. The Black Ship, an ancient living being as great as they, could contain Minoth if he escaped. The Guardians were in no danger from his twin. He accepted the Black Ship’s invitation - it was a relief, although he knew his mother’s reluctance. Nothing could be the same, another moment in time to begin. Doella longed for the past, not the future, but she must accept change.
The ship, anticipating their needs, spread the table with Varnoth’s favourite foods.
His eyes were Vars and she smiled fondly at her child as he ate and drank with relish. They talked of old times and lost friends, keeping away from mentioning Minoth, his evil twin. Varnoth yawned and said he was ready for sleep. He kissed his mother on the cheek as a dutiful son and went to bed. The ship cleared the table.
Doella walked up and down the long room, looking out of the vast window. The ship stood in space, and the views were stunning. She considered her talk with her son. It was wonderful to see dear Var again. She insisted on calling him that - the name Varnoth had too many painful connotations. Doella needed rest and went to her apartment, but once there, paced again, pausing to look at any object, which held special memories. But it was no use - she’d not sleep without a man beside her. Minoth’s face came into mind and she shuddered.
‘No!’ she said aloud. ‘No,’ the whisper lingered longer than it should. She returned to Phailden for the night.
Varnoth joined her at breakfast. He knew she’d gone home, but said nothing except, ‘I thought father might come with us.’
‘No, we understand this journey is for me. To be honest, I didn’t expect you to be coming with me either.’
‘Do you mind?’
‘No, I’m glad of your company.’
‘But?’
Doella shook her head. ‘We have to learn to accept this.’
‘Minoth still lives here inside me,’ supplied Varnoth, pointing to his heart. ‘I struggle with him every moment, even when I sleep.’
‘Why don’t you come home and visit your family?’
‘I stay away because of you. I know how much he worships you.’
‘Loves me?’ she challenged. Doella refused to see Minoth’s lust for her as love. They both dreaded this conversation.
‘He loves you, he wants me to tell you. He says he could discern the dislike you had for him even as a baby. It confused him. You nourished and nurtured me, but your mind was closed to him and he could sense the love you gave to me.’
‘So it was my fault!’
‘No, it had to be that way.’
‘But why? I’ll never understand.’
‘Mother, we’ve been at peace for a long time?’
‘Yes.’
‘You can’t say it’s been too quiet.’
‘No, but have we done enough? Without Minoth’s help, the Minos are in decline and they are no threat, but we haven’t helped other species to reach sentience. True, I’ve saved Earths from destruction, but it was too late for many others because Varan left so many of them without guidance. I regret the demise of everyone.’
‘Why this urge to create as they used to?’
‘Because we must. Life is diminishing, not growing, and I’m to blame.’
‘You feel responsible for everything, mother.’
‘But I am, Varnoth. Who else is, if not me?’
‘You need to read the book again. It will have changed.’
‘Yes, you’re right - it wants to communicate with me again. Let’s look at it together.’
This time, when the breakfast dishes disappeared, the ancient book replaced them with the familiar, well-polished, brown leather cover.
Varnoth looked at his mother. ‘Together?’
‘Yes.’

As they expected the story progressed, showing them the things they needed, both pleasant and painful. Although they studied the book at the same time, they saw different stories. Time passed, but they were unaware of it. Varnoth closed the volume, and it disappeared, returned to its safe home on Vrashen.
Their eyes met, they looked away from each other in embarrassed silence. Ignoring what upset them, they talked of the other Guardians and what the record showed.
‘You know where to find them. The book could have told us when we needed help, instead of afterwards. It doesn’t seem right,’ opened Varnoth.
‘Nak Ran is a savage.’
‘He used to be, after 250 million years, I imagine his manners have improved.’
‘I thought he’d be older considering how old the universe is.’
‘I wondered too, but when you see the relatively new Varan only started serious earth-forming about 300 million years ago, and before there was the odd planet, containing basic flora and fauna. We overlapped because the Rosarians still worked at it, and so did the Litza… and before them, the Feye, and the Feye created Nak Ran...’
‘Yes, it makes sense. In our Varan records, too much happened in a short time.’
Thinking she must have imagined it, Doella asked the ship for an exact time scale, but it laughed at her. Varnoth and Doella did too.
‘Why are we laughing?’ asked Varnoth, puzzled.
‘Didn’t you hear the ship say, “You forget, we’ve been through this again and again.” It says it doesn’t understand how long the time scale is, but I don’t believe it.’
‘Earlier it told you there’d be no more Varan earth-forming?’
‘The return to it after Minoth was no better than before,’ Doella was disappointed. ‘But I can help those left. Tell me what the book showed you, Varnoth, and I’ll do the same.’
‘Is it wise?’
‘We realise not everything happens as it shows us. Many decisions big and small change the outcome.’
Doella recoiled for a moment, for Minoth looked at her instead of Var. Varnoth closed his eyes as if in pain.
‘I need to speak to Wylane and your father. We’ll compare notes later.’
‘Mother,’ Varnoth was himself again. ‘I’m sorry.’
‘It’s fine - it’s not just that, I’m getting used to it. Why don’t you come home for a while? Everyone asks how you are. They’d love to see you.’
‘No, not this moment, I’ll wait here for you, give them my love and respect.’
This time Doella didn’t kiss him goodbye, but smiled at him and disappeared again.
The book gave directions to reach Nak Ran, and because the ship was aware, it took them to a distant system on the edge of the galaxy. It was cold and grim in the extreme. None of the nearby planets was inhabited, being either too close or too far from their sun.
‘He’s not thrilled to see us, is he?’ said Varnoth as they waited. ‘Perhaps he won’t show himself.’
‘And perhaps he will,’ a voice boomed behind them.
They turned around. Nak Ran resembled the pictures they had seen of him. He was a large man, a hominid, and a child of the Feye, with no resemblance to them. He was the only survivor of his race. Those who still held his genes had changed so much they were unrecognisable from their original form. A few offshoots survived, but most were extinct.
His long black hair was plaited, and his skin had a deep reddish tinge, with dark and rounded eyes. His clothing comprised a short skirt made from fur, and red and gold marks painted on his body.
‘As your son mentioned, I have learned manners.’ He smiled at Doella.
‘I’m glad to hear it, Nak Ran,’ said Varnoth, stepping in front of his mother.
Nak Ran laughed. ‘I’m not such a savage. Besides, she has two and I have only one.’ He pointed to the blue crystal set in his forehead.
‘So you understand who we are?’ asked Doella.
‘Yes, beautiful lady. As for your child, he holds power and carries a curse, and yet he has no crystal.’
‘He does not need one,’ said Doella.
‘I’ve met a few of my peers, but they were mostly warriors, and there were no women among them. Are there others like you?’
‘No, according to our book I’m the only one.’
‘Hence the two crystals?’
‘Surely not the reason,’ said Doella, ruffled.
‘Why not? Imagine two Guardians producing children,’ he looked at Varnoth. ‘It could cause problems.’ 
Varnoth and Doella were silent as Nak Ran continued, ‘I have seen your reflection in the water, and I have dreamt of you and knew you would come. I don’t know your name though, lady.’
‘I am Doella, and my son, Varnoth.’

They kept their thoughts from each other. The ship interrupted them. It anticipated Nak Ran’s wish and set a large mug of beer on a table before him. He smiled and emptied it in one draught.
‘Wonderful! I’ve not tasted a beer like it since I was a young man.’
‘What do you eat and drink now?’ asked Varnoth.
‘I still hunt my food as I always have. There are many unspoiled planets with delicious game, and I pretend I am not a guardian and track them. Of course, I can kill them kinder with my bare hands, so I need no weapons. Then I send them back for butchering. I produce water from the chemicals in my environment. I am not a complete savage,’ he announced proudly. ‘Come and see my home, and bring more beer.’
Nak Ram’s residence was on a dead moon above a lifeless planet. He lived in a series of caves. His mode of life appeared primitive to Doella and Varnoth. He took them to his principal room, which was a cave filled a chaotic jumble of animal remains. His large bed was constructed from the giant bones of a long-dead creature and covered with furs. There was a distinct, pervasive odour, and Doella resisted the urge to wrinkle her nose.
‘Ah lady, you find me and my house distasteful.’
‘Just different,’ said Doella, ‘Varan are vegetarians.’
‘Yes, I know Varan. It’s a pretty place, full of beautiful people. Your race is far too refined for me,’ he laughed. ‘I have quarters prepared for guests, but I don’t understand why I’ve never had any. Who else but a Bluey could find this? And we keep away from each other.’
‘So I’ve noticed. I’ve asked my predecessors for help, but none of them came, even though I begged them.’
‘It’s an unwritten law - a stupid one.’ He found Doella a leather sling chair hidden under a pile of skins. He placed a thick-piled fur on it and Doella sat. Varnoth sat on a rug beside Nak Ran. ‘It’s good to have visitors. You are the first to look for the others. I suppose we have a great deal to discuss. More beer, ship?’

He was a modest man, though he’d experienced much, which improved him. But he was still a primitive hunter-gatherer from Lanakaan. As Doella was a kind Varan woman who wanted to instil life into the barren rocks, which circled the many suns in space and lamina. His story was a simple one. The early Feye took an interest in his people. They educated and encouraged the tribes on Lanakaan. But with enhanced skills came more efficient ways to kill. The Feye were despondent. They needed the Lanakaan to grow and multiply and join them as friends and allies. In those days, there were few hominid races amid the huge vastness of rocks and matter called space.

‘This strange man came among us, dressed us. He was searching for someone to lead my people into peace and he chose me,’ Nak Ran laughed at his memories as the Black Ship repeatedly refilled his mug of beer. ‘I remember being terrified and couldn’t move. I saw a bright light and something struck my forehead and I lost consciousness. When I woke, I was a different person. I didn’t want the power, why I was chosen, but I did what I was asked. And then the Lanakaans became the Litza, and the Brathout, and the Naran, and many others, most perished over time.’ He took another great gulp of beer. ‘And then I wasn’t needed, and I started living here. But before I settled in this wilderness I travelled, seeing with pride what my people achieved, and watching them help others as the Feye had helped them.’ The pride in his voice changed to sadness. ‘I was powerful, but I couldn’t stop time to preserve those I loved. I lost my dear first wife and then my second… I lost fifty of them, and after I didn’t have the heart to take another. True, my children lived much longer, at least those who were born after I received the crystal. But my descendants’ life spans decreased. My first wife, Unaby, was so lovely and kind. I remember her face…’ His sorrow touched Doella, and a tear rolled down her cheek. ‘Ah lady, in your short life you’ve known the same loss.’
‘Yes.’
‘All too soon our families and their descendants become extinct. And life means less after they are gone.’
‘Why don’t you re-marry? Surely you must be lonely?’ asked Varnoth.
‘I loved my wives, but none replaced Unaby and my first son in my heart. You can’t keep losing what you love without great pain. After a while… I preferred solitude.’ Doella nodded. Nak Ran was no savage, even though he might resemble one. ‘My story appears short as I tell it, although it feels long to me. What about you, lady?’
‘Can you mind-connect with me?’
‘Of course, I rarely need to these days.’
‘I’ll tell you that way.’
Afterwards, Nak Ran nodded. ‘I know the Rosarians. They allowed me the strength to fight my opponents and to enforce peace on them, but it’s not the same for you. Although they gave you great power, as the Feye did to me, enhancing your beauty and sexuality was immoral. Your husband is your son, and this has happened to you more than once. In many societies the marriage of close relations is permitted, but for a Varan… It must have torn your soul apart.’ He turned to Varnoth. ‘How do you control your demon?’
‘With difficulty,’ Varnoth replied.
Nak Ran looked from mother to son. ‘Call me if you ever need my help, lady.’

Wine appeared on the table and more beer for Nak Ran. The Black Ship knew what they needed.
‘If it helps, I have mapped the locations of the crystal trees. I got trapped by them once, too. It took me a while to escape,’ Nak Ran said.
‘I’m fine now, my friends worked out their signature and overcame them. Thank you for offering.’
Nak Ran finished his beer again and the black Ship refilled it. ‘Can I come with you?’ asked Nak Ran suddenly.
‘What for - my beer?’ Doella smiled and then chuckled.
‘No, for your company and your friendship. I admit I’m lonely and want to meet the other Guardians.’
‘Yes, of course. Varnoth, what do you think?’
‘Fine with me - but my demon isn’t so keen,’ he admitted.
‘Oh please, don’t mistake my intentions. I do not mean…’ he frowned, unsure of how best to finish the sentence.
‘Same here, Nak Ran. I have enough mates - especially Blue Guardians,’ said Doella, and then laughed to ease the sudden tension. ‘I am sure you’ll resist me.’
‘I need to bring only one possession with me.’ He stood. ‘Come, I will show it to you.’
They followed him down an excavated passage to a small room. On a pedestal stood a shallow silver bowl. Doella recognised it from the history of her own Earth.
‘A scrying bowl. Does it work?’
‘Oh yes, lady. I first saw your beautiful reflection in it. It happened long ago, but I realised one day you’d visit me.’
Varnoth and Doella returned to the ship, leaving Nak Ran to store his perishables and to “tidy”.
‘Well, Varnoth, is he a savage?’
‘Part of him, but he is a good man. He holds great sadness.’
‘Yes,’ agreed Doella, ‘you never get over the loves you lose to time. You feel cheated, empty.’
‘Where are we going next?’
‘I thought we should go back to Phailden, so Nak Ran can meet your father and Wylane. It’d be interesting. Why don’t you come home too? We have a house far from the city, and only Vrash and Wylane live with me. I know you worry over meeting your other relatives, and if they want to visit, you can hide here in the Black Ship.’
‘Mother, you don’t understand.’
‘You can’t let Minoth rule you. Please, Varnoth.’
He sensed Minoth agree, and he nodded. ‘I’m frightened,’ he admitted.
‘Why?’
‘I can’t kill my father, but I could Wylane.’
‘You won’t,’ said Doella. ‘No one will - he will die of his own accord when he is good and ready.’
When Nak Ran came on board carrying his scrying bowl, he was no longer dressed as a Lanakaan hunter but wore a neat coverall. He had undone his plaits and his hair tied back in a simple ponytail.
‘Do you approve, lady?’
‘Yes, you look very different.’
‘You still dress as a Varan, so you accept I’m most comfortable as myself. But I have no wish to embarrass you and your pretty, refined people.’
‘I understand.’ Doella smiled. ‘Come, I’ll show you to your quarters. The ship will realise your needs and supply them for you.’
‘I may be a savage at heart, but I understand technology, and I like this ships. It supplies wonderful beer.’
Nak Ran’s reception from Vrash and Wylane was cool. They knew why, but Nak Ran in his direct way, tried hard to make friends with them, and referred to Doella as “lady.” She showed no inclination to flirt with him, and the atmosphere warmed.
At the first opportunity, Vrash took his son into the garden. ‘It’s been too long since we saw each other and you put me off if I suggest a visit.’
‘I have to keep away, father. You understand if I meet you and the others it’d weaken my resolve to live apart from my family and companions.’
‘Why have you changed your mind now?’
‘I need friends Minoth can’t hurt. It was a hasty decision. It hadn’t occurred to me at first to join mother on her search.’
‘And this sudden decision, is it yours?’ asked Vrash, as if searching for Minoth’s influence.
‘Yes. I like Nak Ran. He won’t fall in love with mother as mere mortals do.’
‘I did - Minoth did.’
‘There were reasons, father. Nak Ran respects mother.’
‘Perhaps he does, but what of the others? Wylane and I are used to being her only husbands now, but as your mother, we miss our dear friends.’ He changed the subject. ‘How are you coping with Minoth?’ Vrash’s eyes betrayed his deep concern.
‘Well, mostly. Sometimes he struggles, and for a moment, he takes over. I’m not aware of it until I regain control. But I can always tell from mother’s reaction.’
‘I wish we could free you from this, my son.’
‘No, father. None of us wants Minoth again.’
‘No, we don’t,’ Vrash agreed, ‘but I feel helpless I can’t support you, Var.’
‘I’m managing, father. I understood my fate a long time ago.’
‘Yes, and we know why you wouldn’t tell us.’
‘Knowing mother, she’d have tried to stop me.’
‘I’d have too. Come on, we’d better get back to our unusual guest.’
 The citizens of New Astras tried hard not to stare at Nak Ran, but it was difficult. He towered over most of the citizens there, and his blue crystal stood out. Embedded in his forehead, right between his eyes, it was hard to ignore. Doella was glad they hid hers. Everyone knew Doella, but who was the strange-looking man who accompanied her?
Varnoth refused to go into the city with his parents and the fascinated Nak Ran. Instead, he stayed behind with Wylane in Doella’s home. Concerned Minoth might take over his mind, he instructed the Black Ship to abduct him at any sign of trouble. They discussed old times and friends, and he realised how much he missed his family, even those long dead.
Vrash followed Doella and Nak Ran as she showed him around New Astras, the capital city on Phailden. It was a graceful, open town, filled with gardens. There was no need for transport, for its citizens used their crystals or bracelets for travelling. Most bowed to Doella and Vrash and inclined their heads to Nak Ran. The blue crystals were famous on Phailden.
‘These people revere you, Lady Doella,’ remarked Nak Ran as they sat in a restaurant, halfway up a steep mountain, enjoying the view.
‘I’ve given up telling them not to.  Now I just smile and accept their gifts, as long as not of great value. To be honest, I rarely come out in public, and when I do, I often disguise myself. Can you shape-shift, Nak Ran?’
‘I’ve never tried,’ he looked puzzled. ‘I can become invisible, but change form? Well, it’s never crossed my mind, but it might be interesting.’
‘Doella’s more dragon than Varan now,’ said her fond husband, smiling.
‘Yes, I sense it, and I am still a simple Lanakaan. I am glad I came with you, lovely lady. I’ve hidden away for so long because I believed I didn’t fit anywhere. My last wife was a Balston - and I’d decided many, many years before I’d never endangered my heart by becoming close to anyone again. I found her escaping from rogues who wanted more than to steal the little money she had. She was a kind woman, and she begged me to let her stay. After she died, I resolved on no more heartache. So I lived on my small moon, and apart from the odd hunting trip, I kept far from any other sentient beings. I beg you both if I ever swerve from my intention to stay with you, you will pull me back.’ He smiled, and so did Vrash. You are a lucky woman, Lady Doella - your present two husbands will live a long time…’ he grew embarrassed, wondering if he had offended. ‘I beg your pardon, Vrash. I meant no disrespect. Perhaps I should have stayed in my cave.’
Vrash shook his head. ‘I understand, Nak Ran, we both do.’
‘Vrash is right,’ said Doella. ‘We’ve lost many loved ones and as you have a reluctance to commit even to friendship, only to see them perish too soon. No one understands you as I do. We’ll be good friends, you and I - won’t we?’
‘If you accept me as such, I will be honoured.’

Chapter 27
The rod didn’t leave marks on her beautiful body, but it gave her great pain.
‘Lady, mother of all,’ Lana prayed. ‘Give me the strength to bear this.’
‘My Lord, you have guests tonight,’ Salys’ soft voice interrupted them. ‘You will need Lana to help entertain them.’
Calanuse swore and threw the stick. Lana lay still on the floor, eyes closed, waiting for another shock from the cane. She was covered in perspiration, and prayed to the great mother and didn’t hear her master leave.
‘Get up, girl,’ said Salys. Calanuse’s eunuch was a good man, clever and useful to his master. If he were not, Calanuse would’ve used the rod on him too for interrupting. ‘What did you do?’
‘He said I bit him.’
‘And did you?’
‘My mouth ached, I closed it a little. I couldn’t help it.’
‘Retire to your room and sleep. I’ll send Maru to you later to aid you to get ready for this evening.’ The girl shook. ‘It’s better here than out on the streets.’ He saw tears start. ‘Go to your room, in case he changes his mind and punishes both of us.’
She was embarrassed at the few clothes she must wear, and tonight be naked apart from jewellery. She’d thought about running away and selling it - perhaps have enough to buy a small house. And find a husband who wouldn’t ask questions. But realised she’d not get far, and as Salys had said, the streets weren’t safe. The only way was to disguise herself as a boy and head for the mountains, and hope the rebels took her in. It was a dream she’d had for the three years as Calanuse’s whore. She was seventeen and soon would find the courage to leave - she had to.
Her room was tiny, little more than a cupboard. She didn’t entertain Calanuse’s guests here but in one of the palatial bedrooms next to the reception rooms. Lana’s beauty made an invitation to Lord Calanuse’s home desirable. He’d three older girls more experienced than she, but none had her charm, and she knew she’d be in demand tonight. Exhausted from the pain of the rod, she dropped asleep, praying to the goddess to hear her prayer and rescue her.
‘You know from your book Salanaway was a Masailla,’ suggested Nak Ran. ‘He still lives there.’
‘He can’t,’ answered Doella. ‘It was destroyed millennia ago.’
‘It’s true its sun went nova. But he was so fond of his homeworld he reconstructed it on a planet near a different star and took everyone with him. He planned it for years. The new Masailla is a long way from any other inhabited worlds. He keeps his people primitive, never allowing them to develop further. He makes everything comfortable for them so they don’t need to change.’ Nak Ran gave the ship the co-ordinates. ‘I know where the world is, but I’ve kept away from it.’
‘But you understand Salanaway. I sense you don’t like him,’ said Doella.
‘No we are nothing alike,’ Nak Ran agreed. ‘He never married or sired a child, because he wanted to avoid the pain of loss before he risked it. Can you imagine? I found it strange. Please don’t misconstrue what I say. He likes women, lots of them, but he has no heart. Even though he’s not evil, I’d advise against visiting him. He won’t treat you with the respect you expect.’
‘You’ve met him?’ asked Varnoth.
‘Yes, we were friends in his early years, but fell out. He said I was stupid to keep marrying, loving and cherishing my wives and our offspring. He has no respect for women, and nor do his people.’
‘Then why is he a Guardian?’ asked Var.
‘Because he excelled as a warrior. The original Masailla was a shared world with another sentient species - an arachnoid creature and they gained the upper hand. It was the Brathout race, who didn’t want their Masailla experiment to fail, and they begged their gods, the Feye, to help save them. They agreed on an unwise move. At first, it appeared a good idea, for he was a king and a warrior. But a blue crystal can’t be returned when the work is finished. I wish it could.’ Nak Ran shook his head. ‘The next Blue Guardian, Vanectoll, was created to keep Salanaway in check.’
Doella understood. ‘I too question the wisdom of the Feye Crystals. I’d have been happy to return mine, but I live…’
Varnoth moved to his mother and put his hands on her shoulders. He noticed Minoth never surfaced when Nak Ran was close.
‘You’ll prefer Vanectoll,’ continued Nak Ran. ‘He is a priest and a mystic, the opposite of Salanaway. They fought each other once.’ Nak Ran shook his head again. ‘I had to stop them. Vanectoll made sure there were no living creatures near, but I had to interfere. There was so much destruction.’
The Black Ship took them above Masailla.
It puzzled Doella. ‘I didn’t ask to come here,’ she spoke aloud, and then she heard the girl’s prayer. ‘There is a statue of me here. Can you believe these people worship me as a life-giver? How bizarre, I’ve never been here.’
‘Circles,’ said Nak Ran cryptically.
‘She’s begging me to help her. I remember being a captive and in pain.’ Doella remembered her first tragic meeting with Parsos. ‘I can’t leave her.’
‘So, Lady, you’d save all women who suffer from men’s cruelty. Even you are not capable of such a feat.’
‘I can try. How self-centred I’ve become. Nak Ran, will you take Var to meet this Salanaway creature? I’ll join you soon.’ Doella disappeared.
‘Imperious, isn’t she?’ said Nak Ran.
‘Is that a polite way of saying she’s bossy? She can be, but I worry more when she is too passive. She needs to help people, like this girl, praying to a goddess who resembles mother. It renews her reason for existence since so many she loved have gone.’
Lana woke with a start, hearing someone calling her name. It was a woman’s voice, but it sounded like music. She rolled over, bathed in a golden light, was the most glorious woman she’d seen. With gold hair and skin, and bright green eyes. She was tall and Lana saw beneath her sheer dress a form as lovely as her face.
‘Goddess, you heard me!’
The “goddess” sat on Lana’s narrow bed and stroked her pale forehead. Her fatigue and pain disappeared. Her face regained its normal colour and her copper hair shone with new vitality.
‘Why do you pray to me?’ Doella asked. She felt the agony and horror in Lana’s mind and healed it too. ‘Come with me,’ she told the girl.
Lana hesitated. ‘Calanuse might hurt Salys or the other girls,’ she whispered.
‘No, he won’t. I promise you. Wait here…’ the goddess disappeared.

Calanuse was with one of the older women. He pushed her away when he noticed Doella. Even he recognised the deity.
‘Leave us,’ Doella said gently. The girl ran out of the room, her eyes were wide and frightened. ‘Calanuse, you disgust me, but I will allow you to live if you change your ways. You are a cruel man to mistreat those in your care, and use those girls for your pleasure. With no thought of the pain, you inflict on them. If you touch any of them again… No, I’ve got a better idea.’ She pointed to his pathetic penis. It shrivelled to the size of his little finger. ‘Now that’s a suitable punishment. If you take this out on any member of your household, I will return, and I won’t be in such a lenient mood.’ Calanuse was terrified. ‘Do you understand?’ He nodded.
Doella took Lana back to the ship and gave her a meal of the foods she’d watched Calanuse consume before her when she was hungry. Then she tucked her up in bed as though she were a child. ‘If you need anything, ask, and it will appear. I’ll be back soon. Sleep now, Lana. You are safe here.’
Salanaway’s palace was a spacious structure located away from the populated areas. It covered half an island, and the rest of the area was a vast garden. He had thousands of servants to look after him, picked for their physical beauty.
When Doella appeared, Salanaway stood up, his eyes wide. He was a fine-looking man. The Masailla were finer boned than the Varan, but their features less regular. His red-brown hair was short, and he wore pants of thin golden suede and boots, which matched his blue eyes, as bright as Doellas.
‘Nak Ran, you didn’t tell me she was so beautiful.’ He hurried towards her and lifted her hand to his lips. ‘Welcome, Lady Doella. I’ve been stupid in avoiding contact with my peers.’
Varnoth also stood up, watching them. Nak Ran had a rueful expression on his face.
‘Salanaway, I’m not impressed with how you manage your charges. I’ve rescued a poor child from a hard and cruel master. It was her prayer which brought us here,’ Doella said in her blunt fashion. ‘We didn’t come to visit you.’

Salanaway wasn’t angry. He smiled at her with the charm of a naughty child or a pet animal caught out in a misdemeanour. ‘I don’t interfere with my people, they make their laws.’
‘As Guardian, you handle the care of the weak and needy. The girl has lived through hell since she was thirteen years old.’ Salanaway still held her hand. Doella pulled away.
‘You sound like old Vanectoll, but you don’t look like him. I may not have a scrying bowl as Nak Ran over there, but I’ve heard of you. I had no idea you were so gorgeous.’ He glanced at Varnoth. ‘Minoth came here,’ he admitted.
Doella sighed. ‘Why doesn’t it surprise me? Have you recovered from a pleasant visit?’
‘He didn’t threaten me, but I sensed he was dangerous,’ Salanaway explained. ‘I still sense his signature, and your son suffers. I should’ve answered your call.’ He was nothing like Nak Ran and didn’t try to resist her. He wanted her. Nak Ran scowled, and Varnoth struggled harder with his jealous demon. ‘Don’t go yet, stay awhile,’ Salanaway continued. ‘Let me show you around and tell me what I ought to do.’ Doella accepted his outstretched hand.
‘Are you coming?’ she asked the others.
‘Oh, yes,’ said Varnoth, and Nak Ran scowled even more.
The place was a vast complex filled with fascinating objects, many from the old Masailla. Doella was a collector herself, but since Minoth destroyed her beloved Earth, she hadn’t collected again. Salanaway watched Doella’s face as she admired his collection. Var sat as he struggled with Minoth. Nak Ran came beside him and helped him keep control.
‘Thanks, Nak Ran,’ Varnoth said. ‘Minoth is angry.’
‘So am I. We shouldn’t have to come here.’
‘Salanaway is perfect for mother,’ said Varnoth in a matter-of-fact way. ‘He shares her love of old artefacts and formed this version of his Earth to save his world. They are very alike.’
‘No, she has a kind heart, and he has none.’
‘If he has one, she’ll find it, and convince herself she is going to bed with him for the sake of the people of Masailla but is doing it for herself.’
‘And how will Vrash and Wylane cope?’
‘It’s an expected outcome, and in a way, desirable.’
‘I don’t understand.’
‘Mother is unhappy. She loves those two, but she imagines the best of her life is gone. Like you, she’s lost so many she loved. Salanaway might give her a reason to enjoy life again.’
‘I still don’t follow.’
‘Don’t worry, she’s difficult to figure out, and the one who understands her least is herself. Minoth knows how it will end too.’

To their surprise, Doella re-joined them. ‘We must go. I’ve left the poor girl alone. I must be there when she wakes. Goodbye, Salanaway. You’ll excuse us, I hope?’
Varnoth smiled at the incredulous expression on his face. ‘Bring her here. I’ll make sure she’s looked after,’ he said desperately.
‘I don’t think so. This is the environment she’s trying to escape. I’ll find a new home, where she can have a man to love her and her children.’
‘I expected you’d stay longer.’ Salanaway wasn’t used to being treated this way. Unlike Nak Ran and Doella, he relished his god-like status. ‘I thought we might be friends,’ he added, looking at Nak Ran and Varnoth.
‘Let me see to the child first, Salanaway.’ She smiled. Then they were back on the Black Ship.
‘Did I surprise you, Varnoth?’ Doella said. ‘He asked me to sleep with him, but I replied I was too busy at present.’
‘I’m sorry about Minoth’s behaviour.’
‘I understand. It’s fine, Varnoth. If I am honest, it tempted me. I felt like a dizzy young woman again.’ She laughed. ‘You realise how well my family knows me, Nak Ran? Now, what shall I do with Lana? She won’t be safe on Masailla. She considered escaping to the rebels.’
‘There are rebels on Masailla?’ Varnoth smiled. ‘I can’t imagine Salanaway putting up with them.’
‘On most planets, there are poor and disenfranchised, who’ve no choice but to live in poverty. Salanaway’s planet is no different. From what I have seen, he doesn’t take care of them. He should set a better example - the people try to emulate him.’
Varnoth sighed with relief, his mother needed a cause to fight for, and now she’d found one. But he had a notion Salanaway wouldn’t want change. ‘What about Lana?’
‘I’ll take her to New Astras city. One of my younger granddaughters can look after her. I’ll return her here after I’ve tamed Salanaway.’
‘He’s listening,’ said Nak Ran.
‘I know,’ said Doella, smiling.
Doella took Lana straight to Rucellina, a great-granddaughter of Row and Rucella. She’d a large family of her own and warmly welcomed the girl. Doella left her in Rucellina’s care and went home. Nak Ran and Varnoth remained on the ship. Vrash was home.
‘Wylane’s gone to visit Parella - there’s an overcrowding problem on Wylar again. She tried to curb their reproduction, but the younger ones complained. They enjoy swarming - they say it’s more satisfying than hominid eating to assuage hunger.’
‘I must agree with them. A stronger urge than the mating, which precedes it. I often feel the same, and it’s de rigueur for a Varan. So Vrash, we are alone - what a rare opportunity.’
‘Why didn’t you sleep with Salanaway?’ Vrash asked.
‘Not you as well!’
‘It’s been very pleasant having you to ourselves, but you liked Salanaway?’
‘No. Vrash, my life should be over, but I’ve so long left to live. What am I supposed to do with the rest of it?’
‘Why not have further children to help bear those we’ve lost, and you miss so much? Wylane and I often talk, and we agree after Screetha and Wy and the other Wyan’s died, it was too heartbreaking for you. Having more children might help.’
‘Yes, it was very hard,’ Doella suffered the loss of her Wyan offspring. They hadn’t lived as long as their dragonkin had but had had the same life span as a Varan. They died out, not caring to reproduce enough to keep their breed. She continued in a brighter voice. ‘There are too many dragons on the colonies. One day they’ll be the only race left in existence.’
‘Yes, they will,’ Vrash agreed. ‘And with that in mind, I’ve been brushing up on my dragon shape. Doella, I’d love another son and a daughter,  I feel more secure now Nak Ran is around to help Varnoth deal with Minoth, aren’t you?’
‘Yes, but we’ve talked about it. What if our other offspring are as evil as Minoth? I understand your feelings, my dear one, and thought on it too.’
‘Perhaps the book can help us decide. Let’s go to Vrashen and find out. Our children will live as long as I will… as long as dragons. We can be a close family again, the way we used to be. You miss it, and so do I.’
‘I know. Rucellina is very similar to my Rucella, but she’s not my baby.’
‘Come on, before Wylane returns. Let’s find out what the volume tells us.’
‘The last time I read it there was nothing new.’
‘But Varnoth noticed something, didn’t he?’
‘Yes, but as usual he wouldn’t tell me what.’
Vrashen was unchanged and yet forever changing. The book lay in the flame inside the little temple. The temple itself had evolved. Its once plain columns now fluted and tiny flowers carved into them some bore tiny angel faces. Doella stopped to admire one of them, and in response, it developed further and fluttered its tiny wings.
‘Oh Vrash, did you notice, isn’t it lovely? Sometimes I think we should live here but Wylane would hate it.’
‘I don’t think I’d appreciate the isolation for too long either, Doella.’ Vrash reached for the book and pulled it out of the flames.
They turned, and the house waited for them. This time it presented a garden room filled with Doella's favourite plants and flowers.
Doella smiled. ‘Vrashen is trying to make me happy. It knows I am sad.’
They sat at a stone table and opened the book. Doella pulled her wrought-iron chair closer to Vrash’s and laid her head on his shoulder as he turned the pages. The story was the same for Doella, but for Vrash there was more. Doella watched his expression, admiring her husband/son’s handsome face, so distinctive from Salanaway. She felt surprised she’d thought of him. Her mind wandered to the other Guardian, Vanectoll on Claeva. He was a teacher, a simple man, very different from his predecessor. She realised she’d like him.
‘Look, Doella, can you see?’ Vrash interrupted her thoughts. ‘There is Wylane, admiring the new extension to the old house on Wylar. And our children, a boy, and a girl. She is almost as lovely as you and loving and kind, as her mother.’
‘Are they twins?’ Doella sensed a sudden fear.
‘No, the girl is the eldest, I’ve always wanted a daughter. Her name is… Doella keep still, I can’t make it out… Ah, yes, she’s called Prirella, after your mother.’
‘And the boy’s name?’
‘Carnos, of course… what else? He has the same stubborn chin, jutting out when he gets upset. Oh no, the book’s speeding up again and I can’t tell what’s happening. Wait, he’s fine. I can tell from his smile he’s fine.’
‘Just his smile, Vrash?’
‘No, there’s more. He’s on Wylar with Prirella. They are laughing and happy and good friends.’
‘Perhaps we can have more,’ said a happy Doella. Her mind now made up.
‘Why not? As Var, they won’t age, and they could be as powerful as he is. They could even help him with Minoth. Let’s conceive Prirella here in the flowers,’ suggested Vrash.
Forgetting about visiting the next Guardian and not giving Salanaway a second thought, Doella agreed.
Nak Ran became part of the family and as Varnoth was excited about the baby. He missed not having other siblings, he and Minoth were the antithesis of everything brothers were supposed to be. Prirella would be different. Varnoth and Nak Ran visited Vanectoll, and he’d helped Varnoth to keep his demon under control.

Prirella was soon born, and after she was weaned, she grew fast. Like her mother, she was beautiful and kind, but it was as far as her likeness to Doella went. Doella developed a precocious interest in the opposite sex early, but Prirella was more circumspect.
Carnos was born soon after, and Prirella loved to help her mother to care for her brother. It overjoyed Varnoth to have more siblings.
Varnoth persuaded Doella and Vrash to take the children to visit Vanectoll. He was everything Salanaway was not. He didn’t possess the physical charms of the Maisaillian - he was ugly to their race. His blue crystal was in the small soft hollow of his throat, for most of his forehead and a bony shell, which made his movement’s awkward, shielded upper body. But his bright grey eyes were gentle and full of knowledge. His planet, Claeva, was once the colony of an old hominid race. They were long gone and their original homeworld a barren sphere. His people were one of the countless races who’d become extinct because of greed and overuse of their planet’s resources. Their fate so affected the stoic Vanectoll he chose a life of meditation. When Salanaway became too full of his own importance, Vanectoll was the perfect foil to the warrior king. Now Salanaway was on his planet and accepted being a redundant Guardian. Here, in his simple, ancient monastery, Vanectoll still taught those seeking meaning in their lives. They came from distinct races, for he’d taught many children, and families sent them to him for generations.
Vanectoll met them with kind words and picked up Carnos, who was still a little boy. Realising Prirella was shy, he greeted her with a bright smile as she hid behind her parents.
‘I’ve seen you trying to help on many worlds,’ he said, smiling at them.
‘Didn’t you hear me call when we were so desperate over Minoth? Why not help me? You must have known what we suffered?’
‘Yes, I knew, but I understood I couldn’t interfere. I’m sorry, Doella. I realise you believe we let you down.’ 
‘Yes,’ she admitted, ‘but Nak Ran helps Varnoth now.’ Doella realised she was alone with Vanectoll, walking a path in a wild part of his garden. ‘As you are aware,’ he continued, ‘I spent my life in study, while you gave up.’
She was about to argue with him, but stopped, knowing what he said was true. ‘Because the more I know, the more confused I become.’
‘It’s difficult for you, but sometimes in the confusion you glimpse reason.’
‘I notice very little in the way of reason, Vanectoll. After the death of my son, Wy, I saw no reason for anything. He was the one who helped me to explore my mind and after he was gone, I lost heart.’

Vanectoll sensed her pain. ‘Minoth never came here,’ he said, answering the question she was too frightened to ask. ‘I’d have known.’ Doella turned to him, her eyes full of fear. Her beauty struck this man of little sensuality and he faltered for a moment. ‘There is no simple way to tell you I believe your son Carnos may be in danger.’
‘From Minoth? Nak Ran will protect him.’
‘Doella, come, and sit,’ he indicated a stone seat. ‘Now empty your mind, let me help you, I will show you what I have seen.’
‘Where is your book?’
‘I have no book, they show my story in the clouds during the day and the patterns of the stars at night. This is how my ancestors learnt their knowledge. Nak Ran has his bowl and Salanaway his scroll. There are many Doellas and Minoths, Nak Rans, and Vrashs.’
‘Yes, as one circle ends another begins.’
‘You should have kept up your studies - it is far more complicated. Here, let me show you.’
Vanectoll transferred the information to Doella.
She gasped. ‘It makes sense. Linear is too rigid, so unlike the rest of creation.’
‘Our cycles sometimes meet. Minoth has worked this out for himself. Unlike his mother, he knows the way to lasting power lies through study, and knowledge is power. I realise you fight this. I believe we are the servants of a god of many facets, and we have little say in the way we must live our lives. Our choices appear to be our own, but they are not. Even excellent ones can produce the opposite effect of what we believed. You fight against it, Doella, but I have accepted it and found peace.’
‘My peace is not yours, the god is in me and gives me little rest. I am the Mother and I fight the studies as to belief, and what is true and what just a convenient story,’ she admitted.
‘It is strange how many societies worshipped you before your conception, and from the start of their sentience. The cycles of life diminish, even if the end is a long way.’
‘Especially for me.’
‘I understand your fate, I have seen it. You live in the Marsaillians’ memories from their last span of existence.’
‘I’ve worked that out. I ask, did I start the creation, or has there never been a beginning? Vanectoll, I don’t want to venture into my mind again. Answers only create more questions. Please don’t ask me.’

He sensed her distress and changed the subject. ‘It is right the Mother should continue to bear children and not fear them.’
‘I hope so. Tell me, Vanectoll, what have you seen relating to my Varnoth?’ Doella’s terror was real.
‘As you realise, the story does not stay constant. Every choice we make changes it. I see Var freed and another Minoth will take yours with him.’
‘How?’
‘As befits the constructive chaos, the separate realities of the universe, as we call ours, touch against each other. In the separate universe, Minoth is free and seeking to create mischief, he pulls his other self out of Var and takes him back into his universe. There is another scene too. I see Carnos fighting unseen terror and being pulled into the alternative universe too.’
‘But it might not happen!’ Doella’s head spun.
‘True.’
‘Or happen aeons in the future.’
‘That is also true. Come, Doella, you are distressed.’ He led her to a large open temple furnished with reclining meditation couches and helped her to lie on one. Then he sat on another couch nearby. ‘Vrash is right, there’s no need to fear your other offspring will resemble Minoth, and these new children will help you with your many projects.’
‘I wish I understood how long they’ll live. I’m afraid of losing more irreplaceable loved ones.’
‘None of us knows. Only you carry life forward into the next existence. Do we choose to end our existences? I’ve not been told.’
‘I feel the burden of the loneliness every day.’
‘Yes, a dreadful payment for your service.’
Vrash appeared. His face was grave. ‘Doella?’ He looked at Vanectoll, sensing his mother/wife’s distress. Vanectoll told him mentally what they’d discussed.
‘It is my fault. I missed them so much I wanted more babies to fill our lonely house again,’ Vrash admitted.
‘Doella needs children, more than you do. None of us can fight against our destinies.’ Vanectoll added, ‘Even guardians must do what they expect. We have less control over our fates than others who are not so blessed.’ His voice was heavy with irony.

Chapter 28
Doella tried to forget the warnings Vanectoll gave her. Carnos always had someone near him, and Nak Ran never left unless another Guardian was present. He had his sister’s gentle manners, although he showed a tendency to high spirits when he reminded Doella of his father. He accepted his family’s over-protective love without complaint.
Doella hadn’t been to see Salanaway, they’d communicated mentally, and he kept begging her to come and visit him. But Doella was busy with her family, and with various projects. Lana was happy with her granddaughter’s family.
One day, Rucellina came to visit Doella. ‘Grandmother, the girl needs a good husband of her race. She can’t stay here with us, her life span is so short. It’d be best if she goes home.’
‘Is someone showing an interest in her?’
‘Young Branos. At least, he’s sorry for her. But it’d cause problems if things go further.’
‘Yes, I understand, Rucellina. I’m going to Claeva. After I’ll visit Salanaway to see his improvements and arrange for Lana to return.
Vanectoll waited for her. ‘More questions, Doella? Come, let us walk. It is an excellent time here, we had good rains last week.’
Doella agreed the garden looked fresh and then asked. ‘Do you know when the circles may cross?’
‘There is no regular pattern. It is chaos.’
‘Yes, it’s the chaos I’ve always found frightening.’
‘The Varan race likes order, it’s the basis of their civilisation, but your gardens are different, full of as much disorder as possible.’
Doella smiled, remembering her family’s garden. ‘Yes, we prefer order. Chaos and disorder make me uncertain and fearful. I need to know when the other Minoth will escape from his brother, and when Carnos becomes involved. I’m unable to plan my life with this hanging over me. Why will this mirror Minoth do this?’
‘Doella, how can we understand? You must live your life as if you expect nothing. I called you here because I’ve taken another inner journey and the clouds and stars confirmed what I saw.’ He showed her what he had seen.
She reiterated what he’d shown her to make sure she understood. ‘Each complete universe, for want of a better term, has the same number of Guardians. They can pass through the barrier between them, but the “souls” of everyone else are contained in their own space. Each individual has a history, which does not necessarily follow the same course as ours. Even if the characters are the same. I looked for Wylar to return,’ Doella admitted. ‘He was in Vrash, but not as my Wylar.’
‘You still grieve.’
‘Yes, I do. I loved Carnos and Sark, and I’ve my and Wylar’s son as my lover. He’s like his father, but not him. When Wylar died, a part of me did too.’
‘He lives in you, Doella. It is not wise to believe he may be alive in another place. He won’t be the same person as the one you knew and…’
‘He’d be another’s Wylar or would he? I miss his touch so much.’
It relieved Vanectoll. ‘For a moment I worried you might go looking. It’d be risky to cross the barrier. I should not have told you.’
‘I’m not such a fool as that, my friend. Thank you for telling me and for your guidance.’
‘You are going to see Salanaway? He makes significant efforts for you.’
‘Good.’
‘But he expects something in return.’ Vanectoll smiled.
Salanaway knew to expect her and to be careful. ‘I’ve done what you asked,’ he stated.
‘And what might that be?’
‘Abolished slavery, of course. Isn’t it what you wanted me to do?’
‘So, after millions of years without evolutionary changes, a record, and your people decide they’ll no longer enslave each other? So do the servants get paid? Do the women have the right to say, no, it isn’t in my job description?’
‘I’ve outlawed it.’
‘And who is policing it, you?’
‘Yes, of course.’
‘And is your own house in order? Do those in your employ, have the option to quit and find better work?’
‘What could be better? They don’t want to leave me, neither would you, Doella.’
‘I’ve two good husbands!’
‘You are so provoking,’ said Salanaway, losing his temper.
‘And you are a chauvinist!’ She used a word from her time spent as Louise on her old Earth. The first Carnos was fond of their words and phrases, and she did the same at times. It sounded strange now, and she sensed grief for her old home again destroyed long ago.
‘What happened?’ asked Salanaway gently.
‘My son, Minoth, annihilated one of our Earths… my Earth, a world I’d help care for, for thousands of years. I’ve never got over it. There was so much beauty on it. Not just the planet itself, the hominids, animals and plants, and the many beautiful things those people created… wonderful objects.’
She turned her back on him as tears pricked her eyes. Salanaway put his hands on her shoulders to comfort her.
Doella spun around. ‘Don’t use my grief as a way to touch me, Salanaway,’ she said without anger.
‘I want to understand everything about you and to tell you of myself.’
‘From what I’ve seen, I can guess your story,’ she replied, regaining her spirit. ‘You successfully defeated your peoples’ enemies. Then spent years looking for another cause to fight.  Until you went too far and fought with Vanectoll. Then you stopped helping anyone, and you became jaded. Then an exciting new challenge arose. Your star was dying, so you created this world and brought your people here. For a while, you were happy, until you became bored again. If you had a wife or wives once, they are long dead and so are your children. You never married again. It was too difficult because they grew old too fast, so you kept many mistresses, but it wasn’t satisfactory either. They were too fragile, and you had to remember because you hated yourself when lust made you forget and you hurt them. You are not an evil man, and although you healed them, you saw only fear in their eyes, not love, or affection.’ Salanaway looked upset. Doella described him perfectly. ‘So now you are unfulfilled, and your boredom is swallowing you. You tried to study as Vanectoll does, but you lack the patience. Then along comes a female as yourself - the only one - and for once you’ve hope. But she’s married. You are no longer bored, and will do anything to win her…’

‘Shut up!’ He was angry again and walked away until he controlled his temper. Then he said, ‘You’re right. Jaded? You’ve no idea how bored I am. Sometimes I feel as if I’m going mad.’
‘Then why didn’t you answer me when I called you to help me? You understood how I suffered and you ignored me. It makes little sense. If you had wanted me to love you…’
‘We don’t interfere with another Guardian’s tasks. I regret it now. I’ve wasted so much time without you.’
‘Who introduced the law? You and Nak Ran and Vanectoll?’
‘And Seckshan,’ said Salanaway, as if it made it right.
‘I haven’t met him yet, but I intend to soon.’
‘At least he is happy - he’ll not want to leave his latest garden. He creates gardens and once they are finished, he makes another. Do you realise why we kept away from each other? Because we despise what the others are. Nak Ran bemoaning the loss of a wife and his children and grandchildren. He said it was too painful to live without them.’
‘And you wanted neither a spouse nor a child to break your heart again?’ suggested Doella.
He ignored her. ‘Vanectoll always meditating, or studying, or educating lesser beings who couldn’t understand what he taught them.’
‘You teach them nothing.’
‘And Seckshan, the gardener who makes deserts bloom. He destroyed entire worlds in his struggle with the Anathras. It was his way of repaying life for what he killed. He is a fool. You can’t bring back the dead, and they died because he was too afraid to do his duty and use his power. It was only when his parents and siblings were killed he retaliated. For a brief time, he went mad and annihilated the Anathras. But many of his people died too…’
Doella sat and looked at Salanaway. ‘You are not the cynic you appear to be, are you?’
‘No.’
‘So what will we do with Lana?’
‘I’m not sure, I thought you might have an idea.’ He sat beside Doella.
‘There are people in the hills above your major city,’ Doella reminded him, ‘who exist by stealing from those with too much. They don’t have enough to eat. They are not wicked. Most of them are ill-treated, runaway slaves. Why not offer them a pardon? There are plenty of men among them who won’t despise her for what she was. She is a lovely girl and very gentle and caring. She’ll make someone a good wife. Rule your world, Salanaway. If my people faltered, I’d guide and help them, give them shelter, food and enable them to start again.’
‘Doella, I did what you wanted so I could bed you as an equal. I believe you will be my salvation. You are far more than just a beautiful woman.’ Salanaway had to convince her.
‘If you’re saying you care for those you helped to create, as I do, then prove it to me. Use your powers to help those renegades.’
‘Stay then and show me how. I’m not sure what to do.’
‘Oh yes, you are, Salanaway. I’ll bring Lana back as soon as you’ve finished.’
While Salanaway used his power and strength to aid the people in the hills, Doella visited Seckshan’s latest garden world. It wasn’t just a glorious park full of trees and flowers, it contained many edible fruits as well. Seckshan needed no replicator.
He hid from her, so Doella sat under a shady pergola and waited for him. She stayed for days, picking fruit when she felt hungry and drinking water from a nearby fountain. When he plucked up enough courage, he came out of his hiding place. He wasn’t what Doella had imagined. He appeared young, slender of build and smooth of face. She recognised his race, for he looked Litza. He had wide, frightened grey eyes and dark hair and pale skin - not what she’d expected. He wore a simple tunic, with thick boots, and an apron with many pockets.

Doella spoke to him as if he were a child. ‘Hello, Seckshan,’ she said, smiling.
He stared at her for a long time without moving. Then tears welled up in his eyes. Doella hugged him. He didn’t talk but sat beside her, keeping tight hold of her hand until he laid his head on her shoulder. Doella stroked his hair. ‘Your garden is gorgeous,’ she declared aloud.
‘I can’t - speak,’ he stuttered. His voice was harsh from disuse, and it resembled a child coming into manhood.
Doella wondered why a youth was chosen to be a Guardian. ‘I used to sing - once,’ he said, as if in reply. He told Doella his story.
His people forgot to care for the Anathras they created. They used to be cruel and arrogant, and they paid the price. Eventually, they became the Litza. Seckshan destroyed the Anathras and most of his race too. He’d been wrong not to save the Anathras too, and he bore the guilt. But the ones left of his people learned from their mistakes and overcame their weaknesses to grow into a great race. His voice grew stronger. He told her how he’d been punished for his misdeeds by never growing into adulthood. He cried with the pain and shame of what he’d done, and as his tears fell on the desert sands, green shoots formed. Seckshan watched them grow and had learned to become a gardener.
Now Doella had another son who’d not grow old, and she wept with him. Seckshan too found what he desired - a mother and family again.
Watching Seckshan working in her garden back on Phailden, Doella was happy. He’d learned to sing again. Wylane sat beside her.
‘You look up four Guardians and we adopt two of them,’ he said.
‘And haven’t we benefited from that, my love? None of them what I expected, even though I saw pictures of them in the book. Seckshan looked older. For a boy with his strength, he’s done well not to end up as Minoth.’
‘Prirella likes him.’
‘Yes, I’ve noticed. She’s taken him under her wing. She is a kind girl. He may look young, but he is over forty million years old and can function as a man. Even if he never leapt into manhood, if they do fall in love, there’s no reason why he couldn’t be a husband and father.’
‘Their children would live long. Not as our precious Wyan offspring did,’ said Wylane sadly.
‘We’ve many dragon children, Wylane, and they still live.’
‘I miss them, especially Screetha and Wy.’
‘I do too. How is Screetha’s grandson, Badaga?’
‘It is hard for him, being a dragon without wings.’
‘His enhancers help him fly and he looks as if he does.’
‘Yes, he is the only one who notices, but he feels different. I’ve not been to Wyland for a long while.’
‘It doesn’t change much, but it’s not the same without Hath and Dolar and our Wyan.’
‘No, it isn’t,’ Wylane agreed. ‘But their dragon kin lives there now and they remember their past family with fondness and respect.’
It was time to take Lana back to Masailla. True to his word, Salanaway created a town for the disenfranchised people hiding in the hills. It lay in a rich valley away from the cities they had fled. He built roads and houses for them and had given them food and everything they needed in their new homes. Salanaway provided them with seeds to grow crops and animals for milk and meat. He’d done even more than she’d expected of him.
Doella took Lana to the headman and his wife and asked them to find a good man to be her husband. Lana wept. She was upset at saying goodbye to Rucellina and her family, and she clung to Doella.
‘I’ll be back often to see you, Lana, and I’ll bring Rucellina with me. I’ll take you back to Phailden for visits too. You’ll be safe here.’

Salanaway paced the room when Doella returned. They looked at each other.
‘Thank you,’ said Doella.
‘I’ve made sure there are no slaves, and created a law which forbids slavery, I’ve appointed a group of people, male, and female, to enforce it. I’ve done as you asked, Doella, and I promise I’ll let my people evolve and develop as they should.’

Doella smiled as he kissed her and then let him lead her to his bed and make love to her.
‘I knew you wanted me, Doella.’
‘Yes, I did, but not as the man you appeared to be. I swore I’d take no more lovers because they’d leave me… But you won’t.’
‘Lover, not a husband?’
‘No! You expect too much. Besides you’d not get on with Vrash, and especially Wylane.’ She smiled. ‘I’ll visit often.’
‘And in the future, if you need my help, call me. This time I’ll come to you.’
‘I know, my friend,’ she said, reaching over to kiss him again.
Vrash and Wylane were unconcerned over Salanaway. Wylane suggested he expected at least one Guardian to be to Doella's taste. So far, finding the other Guardians was worthwhile and she determined to press on and find the others.
Nak Ran couldn’t help her much. He’d become a recluse before they were born. She left him to help protect Carnos and took Varnoth with her to meet the next Guardian.
‘Carnos is safe, mother. But he’ll soon hate the way we fuss over him. He’s as powerful as I am.’
‘But he’s inexperienced. In time, I’ll become less protective. He can’t imagine what evil is… How evil Minoth is.’ Doella shuddered at the memories of her time with her terrible son.
‘Carnos learns from us. We hide nothing from him. We don’t understand when or if anything will happen.’
‘Vanectoll keeps advising me to journey within myself. But without dear Wy to guide me…’
‘Then let me help you.’
‘No, it might leave you open to attack from Minoth. I’ll ask your father, Varnoth.’
‘He’s stood us up again. Palol will not join us for dinner, will he?’
‘No. We’ll find him instead. Vanectoll says he is shy and reclusive. Let’s eat first, I’m fed up of waiting for him. The ship knows where he is.’
Disguised as locals, Doella and Varnoth had no trouble finding Palol. He was buying drinks in a bar and regaling the customers with obscene stories. Doella was relieved she was dressed up as a male. They accepted a mug of rather bitter ale.
He knows we are here, she said silently.
He is ignoring us, isn’t he?
We aren’t going anywhere.

It was late and everyone was asleep, including the innkeeper and his staff. Palol changed into his form. He was an ordinary-looking hominid of late middle age, small, thin, with sparse hair, and bony limbs. He looked unable to lift a large ale mug, not a Guardian able to smash a planet.
‘I’m a disappointment to you, aren’t I?’ he declared miserably.
Doella and Varnoth turned into their real forms. ‘No Palol,’ Doella said politely.
He touched the crystal in his chest. ‘This doesn’t give you beauty, lady. You had it to begin with. You can’t believe I’m a Guardian, can you?’ he asked again.
‘I’ve met a few Guardians, and so far we’ve all different,’ Doella said, hoping to set him at ease.
‘You are polite.’ He scratched his head. ‘My hair has improved, and I have had no twinges from my arthritis since.’ Doella was unsure how to reply, so she and Varnoth shifted the two corpulent forms next to Palol to the floor and sat beside him. ‘I can’t read your minds, of course, but I can guess what you are thinking - why him?’
‘No, Palol,’ said Varnoth. ‘We’d like to hear how you became a Guardian.’

‘It is a short, simple story. I was the first servant of a king. He was a decent man, but weak, and many took advantage. We had several worlds and were important people in our sector, but poor Calusp couldn’t keep order and we were disintegrating into anarchy. I did my best. I’m clever, and an excellent judge of character. So found good men to help, and we unified. Then there was a calamity. A terrible force - formless half-spirits who fed on our people in the furthest colony invaded us. I sent soldiers, but they never came back.’ Palol looked pained. ‘Poor Calusp, he cared so much, but he didn’t know what to do, and neither did I. All he could do was pray… everyone prayed. I didn’t think it’d help, but it did. One day I woke up and saw this blue light coming from my chest and I couldn’t pull out the crystal. My servant told me I’d been asleep for days. The doctors couldn’t get rid of it, but I felt as a young man again. I looked different too - younger, although I was never handsome. It took me a while to realise how much I’d changed. After that, I protected our worlds from the invaders. Then my people didn’t need me anymore. They grew powerful again and changed physically too, and moved away as our original worlds died. I didn’t go with them. The few I still mixed with were kind enough, but most found me distasteful. Then I discovered I could change my form. It’s amazing how a handsome face and a firm body attracts friends, even more than wealth. I understand who you are. I saw you in my pocket, organiser.’
‘Organiser?’ Doella was puzzled at first, and then she remembered.
‘Yes, I’ve had it since I was made Guardian. The only thing I’ve kept. Sometimes I see stories in it - when I bother to look. I saw you and us meeting. No one else ever bothered to look for me.’
Doella smiled. ‘How about breakfast?’
Palol’s story was terrifying.
‘What were they?’ asked Varnoth.
‘We called them wraiths, what else? It was a long time ago, but I’m surprised they haven’t reappeared somewhere.’
‘How did you stop them?’ wondered Varnoth.
Palol shuddered. ‘I sucked the empty life from them. I couldn’t destroy them any other way. It was horrible and although I realise a few escaped, I was reluctant to follow. But I’ll help others if they turn up again.’
‘I think I’ve heard of them,’ said Doella. ‘Many similar stories are told on primitive worlds. These creatures match your description, but they learned their lesson and keep to the shadows.’
‘I was neglectful. I should’ve followed them.’ Palol shook his head.
‘It must’ve been a terrible experience,’ said Varnoth.
‘Yes, it was,’ Palol agreed, and then looked at Doella. ‘But your son Minoth sounds worse.’
‘Those were hard times, Palol,’ agreed Doella.
‘I feel for you, Doella. And your Earth - what a waste. It sounds as if they might’ve made something of themselves.’
‘I thought so,’ she replied. ‘They were becoming more peaceful. It was a slow process, but the decent people said no to war and killing, and they gained the upper hand. The worst problem was their unequal social system and trouble brewed over it. They could’ve become a great civilisation and reached the stars. They even had an inkling of how to travel interlamina. A few of their mathematicians had worked out the formula.’
‘I’m sorry.’ Palol hung his head, knowing what she’d say.

‘I called out to all of you. So did Varnoth and my husband, Vrash. No one came to our aid.’
‘You are the most wide-ranging of the Guardians, Doella. It’s no excuse, but the rest of us dealt with our local incidents and then felt redundant. I met the next Guardian, Canase, and he is more of a recluse than I. He started as a shaman, and we had nothing in common, my people, the Kraoch, were a technical race. The wraiths were more different than we could imagine. Had it been Canase in my stead, he’d have known how to deal with them.’
‘Why don’t you come with us and introduce him,’ suggested Doella.
Palol shook his head again. ‘He was a twisted old man by the time he received his crystal. Your pretty face is a better introduction, for he believes he must fight evil, and evil is ugly. As you are beautiful, he will perceive you as “good”.’
‘Is he as basic as you describe?’ asked Doella.
‘No. I’m simplifying everything. I’d better go home and snooze. Funny, the way we enjoy sleep. We don’t need to. No need to eat either - we can draw our nourishment from the cosmos. I tried going without food and sleep once, but I became agitated. We need our dreams. I live here,’ he said, showing them the co-ordinates in his mind. He gave them a sad smile and disappeared.

‘Funny chap. He doesn’t look the part, does he?’ said Varnoth.
‘It doesn’t sound as though Canase will either. I like Palol. Despite his self-loathing, he is a wise man.’
Canase’s world reminded Doella of a bad Hollywood set, complete with a ruined castle, twisted trees, and perpetual twilight. If Dracula or Frankenstein had appeared, she wouldn’t have been surprised and was prepared to scream. She longed to but resisted the impulse.
‘Dramatic,’ commented Varnoth.
‘Theatrical, I call it,’ said his mother.
I can’t stop either of you from coming here, expressed a hostile voice in their heads.
‘It’s a friendly visit, Canase. We won’t stay long, we want to introduce ourselves,’ said Doella aloud.
An old man appeared before them. As did his “set” he presented as if he’d come out of make-up, and Doella, who’d watched the movies long ago, remembered them and giggled. He looked like the Hollywood ideal of a wizard, with his tall pointed purple hat decorated with gold stars and crescent moons, and a black gown. He had a long grey beard and thick eyebrows over small sharp eyes, and his nose was suitably bulbous.
‘Hum, well you are both attractive, I suppose. Makes a change. Oh very well,’ he said. Next moment they were in a large bare room with an open fire burning in the most ornate, gothic fireplace Doella had ever seen. Three winged chairs covered with red velvet appeared in front of it.
‘Please sit,’ said Canase.
A cluster of candles hovered in the air, followed by a table, a stone bottle, and silver goblets. Doella resisted another urge to giggle. They sat and accepted wine from unseen hands.
‘You’ve been to see Palol, haven’t you?’ he suggested. ‘What a waste of time he is. I told him he should’ve chased those wraiths until he had destroyed all of them. They are still around, I’m convinced of it.’
‘Yes, you may be right,’ agreed Varnoth politely.
‘You must stamp out evil totally, or it grows again.’ He looked at Varnoth as he spoke. ‘You carry it inside you, whereas you Doella - may I call you that?’ Doella nodded. ‘You won your war against your demons. But they are not in the same class as what the boy carries.’
‘Have I conquered my demons?’ Doella sounded surprised.
‘As for you, young man, when your twin is pulled from you, then you will be free. I’ve seen it in the smoke from my pipe, and even in the fire.’
‘If we need your help, will you give it?’ asked Doella.
‘So that’s what this visit is about? Everyone wants something. All I do lately is rid sad little worlds of what they thought were evil spirits, but merely manifestations of their sick psyches. It’s getting worse. I believe something is about to happen, but the smoke won’t show what.’ He spoke dramatically. ‘Perhaps you were wise to come and see me…’ A pipe appeared from nowhere and he sucked on it. His eyebrows moved as he did so. ‘None of the others made any effort to contact their peers. You and your son are the only ones… or should I say, sons. So your children by other Guardians inherit their powers, do they?’ Varnoth nodded. ‘Fascinating. I can’t help but wonder what will come of it if you continue producing offspring. I thought of aiding you when you called out, but what I saw in the fire prevented me. Besides, we expect when we come together it means the beginning of the end - or I should call it the decline. When the dark matter, which holds everything together will either atrophy or expand, and the universes change into a state of constant flux. I suspect people not yet interlamina capable will find it difficult to discover the once simple equation which gives them the ability to travel long distances through space.’
It astounded both Doella and Varnoth at the shaman’s concepts. They reached the same conclusion a long time ago, due to Carnos and Sark’s experiments, but it wasn’t a familiar concept except on Phailden and Varan.
Doella agreed with him. ‘Vanectoll tells me our universe will touch upon another, and Minoth’s counterpart pulls him out of Var and through into his reality. Is that when we come together? Will it be the beginning of the end?’
‘I’ve no rational idea about it - you must look into your smoke to find out. It takes strength of will, doesn’t it? We see ourselves laid bare, and we realise we have our faults, as before.’ He paused and his voice changed. ‘I believe Minoth must return to bring out the evil in hiding. We will fight and win - no doubt. If Minoth were sane, he’d realise and not bother to challenge us.’ Var struggled with his twin. ‘After we enter our golden age - the last age of our cycle. It will last a long time. Several new races will flower and fade before it grows too cold for sentient beings to live. Then even your dragons grow hungry and die in their caves because they can’t feed on the energies of the cosmos. No sustenance remains in this universe or its declining interlamina.’ Canase was a trance. ‘We Guardians despair too. It’s hard to exist with no responsibilities, and we will be unbearably lonely. Despair, not hunger, kills us. And as our dragon friends, we wait for death to take us.’ Canase fell asleep and his pipe fell onto his beard. Doella picked it up, and he came to with a start.
‘Did you have a vision?’ asked Doella.
‘I was asleep, it was just a dream,’ insisted Canase.
‘Did you believe what he said, mother?’ asked Varnoth back on the Black Ship.
‘Yes, and he’ll help us when we ask. He’s an odd man, isn’t he? And astute. I keep on saying this, but why do we bother? It so pointless, and it happens repeatedly.’
‘It feeds the gods,’ suggested Varnoth.
‘Canase is not the only astute one, is he? I miss Wy, Screetha, and Sark too. They helped me when I despaired over my future. It’s as if my pain will never lessen as if I’ll carry my grief always.’
Varnoth felt his evil twin struggle to get out, and he moved to his mother and held her. But it was Minoth’s eyes that closed with joy as he strove to ease his mother’s pain.

Chapter 29
It was a brief return to the family before onto Masailla, to attend Lana’s wedding. After which, Doella and Varnoth intended to look for Patholayan, the next Guardian.

‘Mother, no planets, or large asteroids within the nebula, he must make his home from its energies.’
‘It’s spectacular, I’ve never seen it. Call out again, Varnoth.’
A tall and handsome young man with warm brown skin, golden hair, and deep black eyes appeared at the other end of the room. He glanced out of the window before walking towards Doella and Varnoth.
‘Patholayan?’ asked Doella.
‘You are perfect,’ he said, ‘both of you. I composed many symphonies and poems when you first came in our midst, Doella. You still inspire me like no other.’
Doella was shocked. ‘Thank you, Patholayan.’
‘You’re right, I create my home from the nebula - come and look at my latest one.’ He reached for Doella’s hand.
It was a lovely house and garden. It wasn’t real, but it didn’t matter. There was music everywhere.
‘I composed this the first time I saw you, Doella.’
‘And when was that?’ she was interested.
‘I heard an abnormality in the universe and I followed it to its source. You lay on a bed with your crystal still converting your physiology, and wrote a poem to your beauty…’

The first woman is perfection, lovelier than the rest of creation. 
None of her predecessors pleases our eye as she does.
No one will ever eclipse her.
All who see her love her perfection;
Men hunger to help her start creation.
Her breasts to finger her lips to kiss,
All men who have lust would linger.’

Patholayan sighed, and so did Doella. ‘I’m not sure I approve of the last few lines,’ she suggested. 
‘I beg your pardon. Please forgive me, it just came to mind. I’ve done better since then…

Doella, queen of time.
Stands alone against the tide…’

‘Thank you, Patholayan, it’s lovely,’ Doella lied before he embarrassed her further.

The melody grew louder… and was stunning.
‘You prefer my music to my poetry?’ he asked.
‘Yes I do,’ admitted Doella, ‘it’s glorious.’
‘How did you become a Guardian?’ asked Varnoth, puzzled.
‘Yes, it’s surprising, isn’t it? I’m a Raphalian, have you heard of them?’ Doella and Varnoth shook their heads. ‘I’m not sorry they are no more.  A terrible thing to say, but true. My mother was one of the First General’s daughters. I have her to thank for my musical upbringing. When I was young, they treated women badly on Raphalia. My father used to beat my dear mother and then moved on to me. She wouldn’t put up with it and she withdrew her dowry and escaped with her father’s help - he wasn’t a normal Raphalian man, he was kind. She set up a camp for refugees in similar circumstances. For not only women and children, but men also came, those who believed their wives and daughters deserved more. It wasn’t just women who had a hard time. If a man couldn’t work, he and his family could starve to death unless they had relatives to help. It took a long while for my people to improve…’ Patholayan was fond of his voice and rambled on in the same vein for a while, as Doella and Varnoth listened politely.

‘Strength isn’t everything, a society is more than just power. Don’t you agree? Now, where was I? Oh yes, how I became a Guardian. Mother died, and it left us in a shambles as she held the settlements together. There was a change of government on Raphalia, even more, right-wing, and they decided we must return. We weren’t fighters, but everyone decided it’d be death or freedom. It was so moving…’ he paused. ‘Then the government troops opened fire. A warning volley at first and we were unsure how to react. We had several small settlements on an inhospitable island and they fired on one village.’ Patholayan looked serious, and Doella and Varnoth noted his memories. ‘They backed, off giving us space to reconsider. A few moved to see how we could help the people who’d been shot. Some were alive, only a few. It was horrible. I still can’t forget it. I noticed my mother in the ruins, she was wrapped up, but I knew it was she. She beckoned me and turned, and I followed her. I was frightened and upset by what I had seen. She led me down a flight of dark steps. She never spoke. Of course, it was only her spirit. A blue light rushed towards me,’ Patholayan touched his chest. ‘And when they came back, I was ready for them. I created a simple sound weapon, which disabled their ships - the greatest symphony I’d ever written. They fell to the ground, destroyed. They left us alone, and the laws changed. My people drifted back to the cities, leaving me alone with my music. One day there was nobody left. I wasn’t sure what to do. But I realised I could go wherever I wanted. Even travel to the stars and time too. But the sound was discordant as if warning me not to venture.’
Doella nodded. She too was discouraged from doing anything but observing the past, and the future was only accessible through her mind. Although she suspected she could travel back and forth through time, she’d stopped trying. Knowing she might compromise the past or the future, already uncertain.
‘I spent ages travelling. Composing music and writing poetry too. One day I found this lovely nebula and created a home here. I use sounds to create whatever I wish and change it as I vary the notes.’
Varnoth and Doella smiled and agreed. As they got to know Patholayan better, they realised he was humble and likeable.
‘I am sorry if I’m a poor poet, but do you enjoy my tunes?’
‘Yes, it’s beautiful… music which doesn’t destroy but creates. We can learn from your skills, Patholayan,’ said Doella.
They didn’t ask him why he had hadn’t answered their plea for help. He didn’t have the spirit of a warrior.
‘Please come back soon, won’t you?’ he said on their leaving, ‘I get lonely.’
‘Yes, and you must call on us too. There is no need to be alone - we’d love to hear your music on Phailden.’ Doella kissed his cheek as if he was a favourite nephew and he grew embarrassed. He put his hand to the place where she’d kissed him.
‘I haven’t been touched or touched anything alive for so long,’ he admitted.
‘Visit us soon, Patholayan.’
‘And you come here to hear my music,’ he said, sorry to see them go.
‘Yes, but I insist you call on us, Patholayan,’ Doella reiterated, with the kind look she reserved for small children. Which in a way he was. She viewed him as another innocent - another Seckshan.
The next Guardian possessed the quality of both those child-like Guardians. Kedic Kumid lived on a low-tech farming planet. He grew fruit for market, made wine and kept beehives between the vines. From a hominid race, he was short and dark with even features and large ears, with a paler crest above his nose. He stopped pruning when he noticed Varnoth and Doella. There was a youngster with him who didn’t appear his offspring. The boy had bright white skin and red hair, and his nose and ears were small.
‘Run inside, Barden, and tell your mother we’ve two guests to share our evening meal.’ He turned to Doella and Varnoth. ‘My wife has no idea who I am.’
‘She won’t find out from us,’ said Varnoth.
‘I’ve not only heard of you, Doella, I saw you, a long time ago. Unlike you, although I’ve been a husband countless times, I’ve been careful not to have progeny. This life is hard enough without giving a longer life to a child and still have them die - a wife’s loss is enough. It was on Kladaren. You were disguised, your loveliness hidden. There was a terrible epidemic, which threatened to wipe out most of the population, and you came to help, just as I had. I watched you use your power to render the virus harmless. You have the heart of a true mother. Afterwards, you slept, and I shared your dreams.’

Doella searched for her memories. ‘Ah yes, I remember something in my mind. It was not a threat and as I searched for it, it disappeared. Yet you never offered aid when I asked.’
‘I thought about it, but my white stones showed me another path, and I’ve always followed their wisdom, I didn’t answer you. But they told me when to expect you, and you’d bring us together as a family. As the mother, you need to hold us in your arms, symbolically if not literally. The more so since you realise our loneliness.’
‘Tell us your story, Kedic Kumid,’ urged Varnoth.
‘As Seckshan does, I like gardening, or should I say I enjoy producing food and wine. It gives me a reason for existence. This blue mark…’ he showed them his crystal, embedded in his neck, ‘enables me to bring dead worlds to life.’ He paused for a moment, pain showing on his face. ‘On my world, we were starving. A terrible weapon destroyed the vegetation on the homeworld and colonies. As if in fitting punishment, it spread to our enemies, who created it. It was a black fungus, which smothered and then killed our plant life. My children died first, and then my wife. I cried and longed for my death, but it never came.’ He pointed to his throat where his crystal flashed. ‘I don’t remember how I got it, I woke up one day strong of body and confused of mind. I wandered into the decaying fields and threw myself into the stinking black fungus. It disappeared at my touch and returned the land to how it used to be. But it was too late for my lovely Clace and our babies. I did what I must, I did my duty, but it was difficult when my family was gone, so I travelled. One day I found a woman trying to feed her babies after her husband died. She couldn’t run her small farm alone. I stayed with her until she died. I knew the pain of parting, but the joy of love and companionship made it worthwhile… but I never had children of my own again.’ He shook his head. ‘I found the white stones in a ploughed field many, many years ago. They show me my future and guide me and say I’ll answer your next call.’

They walked to his home, and he reached up and picked ripe peach-like fruit for Doella and Varnoth to try
‘What else did your stones say?’ asked Doella.
‘It was strange, they said,  “Torn from its time. Reshaped, and yet still unchanged, but ignore what is inside it, when a seed grows it cannot stop…”’ He looked bewildered. It made sense to his guests, even if it was cryptic. ‘Doella and Var… no, Varnoth… come home with me and taste the food I’ve grown.’
‘You must visit me and our other gardener, Seckshan, Kedic Kumar,’ Doella said.
Branaril’s planet was not attractive to Doella and Varnoth’s eyes. It was freezing and covered in an icy mist, and a thick carpet of moss coated the trunks and branches of its trees. It was uninviting. 
‘I feel cold, even though I’m not,’ said Varnoth, and Doella shivered too.
‘He’s here watching us, but not interested in making contact. We aren’t going away, are we?’ Doella shouted Branaril’s name aloud again, and a huge black shape loomed up in front of them.
‘I don’t want you here,’ a voice boomed from the darkness.
‘We only wish to talk,’ said Varnoth.
‘Why?’ The shape shimmered and grew even bigger.
‘Stop it,’ said Doella. ‘How can you frighten us? We need to talk to you.’
‘And I need peace, so go.’
‘After we have talked with you, we’ll leave you alone.’

The shape shrank, and they found themselves in a room. It contained everything required for a comfortable life. A crackling fire imparted a warm glow, and then Branaril appeared as himself.
He was an Earth human. Doella gasped. He was a fine-looking man, past youth, with a face, which showed he’d suffered. He was tall and pale-skinned, with black hair and piercing blue-grey eyes the colour of a rainstorm. His dress reminded them of a chieftain of an ancient tribe, as the long-dead Haris.
‘I’m not your lover,’ he sneered. ‘Do all human men look alike?’
‘No, of course not.’ Doella looked away from him.
‘You can’t believe one of your lowly humans has a crystal, can you?’ he said. He looked at Varnoth. ‘I don’t like the Varan. They think themselves so perfect, god-like, and above their creations.’
‘There’s no need to be rude,’ Varnoth snapped back.
‘Sorry… have refreshment.’ A table appeared and then chairs and food and wine. ‘Please sit, Varan lady,’ Branaril held out a chair for her, but he was far from respectful. 
There was a heavy silence. Branaril’s face was dour. Embarrassed, Doella sipped at the fine wine in the ornate silver goblet while he stared at her. ‘You’re not just Varan, are you? Your signature shows dragon too,’ he found this amusing and laughed.
‘Don’t pretend,’ said Varnoth, ‘you know about us.’
‘Of course, I’ve followed your exploits, because you are Varan.’ He spat the name out.
‘And you don’t like Varan,’ supplied Varnoth.
‘Yes, but I’d not harm one, as they would me,’
‘We created you - we didn’t hurt you deliberately.’ Doella knew she’d said the wrong thing. It sounded patronising.
‘Yes, you made us, and used and manipulated us too.’ His eyes flashed. ‘Then you discarded us when we didn’t do as you wanted… left us to die out.’
‘It wasn’t like that,’ insisted Doella, although she realised it was.
‘Of all the Varan, I hoped you might stop it. But you kept right on with the Varan rules for earth-forming, saving poor souls when you felt you must when you could have saved all of them. Why? No one could punish you for changing the rules….’
‘Branaril, leave her alone. She’s not guilty of everything the Varan did.’
‘No, she believes she’s responsible for all of us.’
Doella disappeared back to the ship. Varnoth was about to follow her, but Branaril stopped him.
‘I’m sorry - you can stay, your mother is not answerable for everything that happened to us, but I can’t help being angry.’
Varnoth sat again. ‘How long have you been a Guardian?’
‘Close to six million years, I’d like to die but I can’t. I tried to pull my bluestone out once, but the pain stopped me,’ he paused and grimaced. ‘Later I did what we all do, explored, but it palls too. I learned a great deal. My own Earth was primitive and pre-tech.’
Varnoth looked at the crystal pulsing under his clothes.
‘How?’ Branaril asked. ‘I found an abandoned Varos base. The Varan’s left in a hurry. There were signs of fighting but no bodies. I’d hunted for food and it was snowing hard, I was in danger of freezing to death or I’d never taken shelter in such a terrifying place. It appeared empty, and I gathered enough courage to explore, and I discovered a glowing floor. To a primitive this was fascinating.’
‘A cargo transporter?’ suggested Varnoth.
‘I know it now. I heard voices and hid behind large boxes on the transporter. Six people walked in. They were perfect and beautiful with bright gold skin, and hair and shining suits covering them like a second skin. The women were so lovely I gasped aloud. They were arguing, so didn’t sense me. I couldn’t understand what they said. Two of the men were prisoners, they pulled them onto the glowing floor, in front of the boxes where I hid. Then everything went grey for a second and I found myself in a large room with more of the beautiful people. They were angry and grim-faced, and prodded the prisoners with long sticks.’
‘They used to use pain prods on prisoners.’
‘I hid until they took the men away. I was too frightened to move in case they discovered me. When the door opened, again I tried to escape but was caught and restrained. I fought but there were too many of them and the pain sticks hurt. They looked at me as though unsure what to do with me. Then one of them shouted, and I saw a glowing blue-white ball. I didn’t realise then, but the two rogue Varan they captured destroyed my Earth. The others hadn’t located the destructive devices in time. How could a primitive savage such as me understand?’

On-board the ship, Doella listened. She knew her peoples’ history, although much of it was secret. He referred to the Barack Sect Wars, millions of years before her birth. She hung her head in sympathy for those killed.
‘I recall nothing else until I woke. They must have put me to sleep. They found a planet I’d survive on, but it was empty of my kind, but it had ape-like creatures - new stock ready to become human,’ his voice was bitter. ‘I wandered, overcoming predators and hunger, looking for another like myself, until I wanted to die from loneliness. Then I spotted a high cliff to jump from to kill myself. I remember flinging myself into the void and the ground rushing up towards me. Then there was a bright blue flash and a terrible pain, and I thought I’d found oblivion. But I woke. I couldn’t die. I had great strength and power, but all it gave was more pain and more solitude. Slowly the apes I’d seen became humans, and I learned from their Varan masters because I secretly entered their bases. And as I studied, I despised them more. I almost killed them when I realised they were no more god-like than I was…’ he paused. ‘I lived alone, telling no one who I was. The Varan left, and the people murdered each other and destroyed everything. I tried to talk to them, but they wouldn’t listen. They deployed powerful weapons against each other. I was the only survivor. I should have tried harder, but I couldn’t believe they’d destroy themselves…’
Varnoth sensed his pain, as raw as when it first happened. ‘I’m sorry, Branaril.’
‘Now you can understand why I hate the Varan. Then discovered I could fly between stars without a space ship. I searched for other neglected Earths and tried to help them. I noticed your mother doing the same, but I couldn’t admire her, not a Varan. Even though she was so beautiful and I am so lonely, and she had a blue crystal too…’ He cried.
‘Come with me to our ship, Branaril. My mother will not hold your anger against you. Come with me and discover how kind she is. You must. I know about loneliness and the misery it causes. Meet her again and join our family.’
Doella was happy to take Branaril’s pain away in her bed, as Varnoth knew she would.  He was Haris, and Coath returned. He helped her grief too, and Branaril was no longer alone.
It was a while before Varnoth and Doella searched for the Last Guardian. Manros the Narvon remained amongst his people. He’d lived many of their lives, having been many characters. His hidden retreat was a vast ancient space freighter kept unseen by his powers. The Black Ship stopped close by and called to him to come and met Doella and her son. They waited days for his reply and then one day he came.
The Narvons were small in stature, with skins too big for their bodies. Their nails protruded like claws, and his bare feet scratched the floor as he walked.
‘Welcome, Manros,’ said Doella, smiling as she and Varnoth greeted him, ‘your history is the last. We are all found now.’

Although the Narvon looked strange to Doella and Varnoth, within his tiny body was much joy and happiness. His story was simple. He was Guardian to his gentle people, keeping them safe from those who might hurt them. Manros was happy. He still enjoyed the simple things of life - food and warm sun and the glorious vistas of the many Narvon worlds. Taking them to his strange home where, like Doella on her Black Ship, he kept mementoes of his long existence.
He knew about Varnoth and offered hope for their futures. As Doella and Varnoth left after their protracted visit, they exchanged gifts. Doella and Varnoth gave him an enormous box of the chocolates he loved. In exchange, he gave Varnoth a metal medallion skilfully worked, and Doella a cap of platinum lattice, studied with bright gems, which matched the colour of her eyes. Even better was his promise to keep in close contact with them.
‘So it’s over, mother,’ said Varnoth as the ship once more hovered over Phailden.
‘What is over, Varnoth my dear? I have a wonderful and exciting new husband and a difficult lover in Salanaway, who isn’t happy Branaril lives with me and he does not. Things are far from over, Varnoth, but I’m renewed by our travels, and if your brother escapes we have new friends to help defeat him. Together we can keep those we love safe from harm.’
‘In our universe perhaps, but I wonder about the other one?’
‘I’m half curious and half dreading it,’ she said. Her face was grave and anxious as she spoke the words.

Chapter 30
Another hundred thousand years passed and there’d been a change in Doella’s part of the Galaxy. Most of it for the better. The Masailla were the dominant force and might become as great as the Varan. Salanaway relinquished control and allowed them to evolve. He lived with Doella and changed as much as his people had done. Branaril looked after the few surviving Earths - few flourished. They were too aggressive and greedy to advance, but the few exceptions made Doella and Branaril content. There was much wisdom on Phailden, and the other Guardians were regular visitors. They discussed Branaril’s problems so he could help his charges.
Doella was happier than she’d been since the early days with her lost loves. Her grief lessened with her new family, and she no longer suffered from her crippling doubts or her fear of self-awareness. She bore children at regular intervals to her three hominid husbands and laid an egg for Wylane. Like Varnoth, these babies would live as long as they wished.
She remembered her time on Earth and knew she had the power to revisit. She did, as an observer, not a participator, for she couldn’t risk changes to the timeline. Besides, she was content now, even though she and her husbands had had to accept god status from her fellow Phaildens. Living high up in the mountains, it reminded her of the ancient Greek myths, but these “Olympians” were much wiser.
The Varan too were content. There was a greater gap between the Hyclos/Varan Phailden Hybrids and the true Varan, and they held little discourse. The people now stayed at home on Varan, tending their vineyards, farms, and gardens, their technology fading, but safe because of Doella. Many no longer had bracelets. It saddened Doella, but she allowed Varan to be whatever it wanted, remembering the great civilisation of her youth. The Phailden took over their empty colonies. Many of their names evoked old images - New Astras, and Sarken, named after Sark. She was happier with her memories and withdrew from direct contact with the inhabitants unless they asked for help. Coaths Arkan’s were gone. A few mixed marriages kept their heritage alive, but it faded too.
Many of her children had siblings as mates, the only workable choice, and the norm in High Astras. It was different from the days when her people frowned when she took one of her sons to her bed.
Yes, Doella was content at last. She had four much-loved husbands and their offspring, who wouldn’t leave and break her heart. Not until the end of this time, when they’d choose their moment of departure. Her home here in the mountains gave her joy, and the Black Ship was ageless, waiting overhead for members of the family to use it. The ship was Doella’s main refuge, she’d sit in her rooms remembering those she’d lost to time.
It was here, as she reminisced over her past life when she heard Varnoth cry out.
He was in a garden of their large home, his head in his hands. And if Barella, Doella's daughter by Salanaway, could have cried like her mother, she would have.
‘Varnoth, Barella - what’s wrong?’ Doella asked.
Barella answered for both of them. ‘I love him, mother.’
‘Varnoth?’
‘Tell her I can’t.’ Varnoth was in pain.
Barella ran away. Uncertain which of them to comfort first, Doella called to Salanaway to tend to their daughter, and Doella sat beside her son.
He looked at her. ‘I can’t return her love, can I?’ he said in despair. ‘Minoth urges me to. He says he longs to hold a daughter of Doella in his arms.’
‘You love her too, don’t you?’
‘I must go away, back to my home. No one to visit me, especially Barella.’
‘No, Varnoth, it’s safer you stay here with Vrash and Nak Ran.’
‘Mother, you don’t need me here, and I’m sure Nak Ran will come with me.’
‘All my children are important, but you more so because of the pain you carry. Is there no way you can return her love?’
‘You know I can’t, and why.’
‘Then you must tell Barella,’ said Salanaway, entering the garden with his arm around his lovely daughter.
Barella was beautiful, as were all Doella's children. Her hair was a deeper gold than her mother’s and her eyes the same shade of blue as her fathers.
‘Barella, you are lovely,’ Varnoth admitted. ‘And if I were free to love you, I’d take you as my wife.’
The two lovers looked at each other. Doella made room for her on the bench next to Varnoth. Barella laid her hand against his cheek and held it there. ‘Then I will wait until you are free,’ she said. ‘The stories say you will be, and I’ll wait as long as it takes, Varnoth.’ She got up and ran away. Salanaway followed her.
‘Mother, I might never be separate, no matter what you believe.’
‘It’s time I assigned the Black Ship to Vrashen. Perhaps the book can guide you. I’ll talk to Barella.’
Varnoth nodded.
Doella strolled to her daughter’s apartment in the sprawling palace. Salanaway met her on the way.
‘So she will wait for him,’ he said angrily. ‘But for how long, Doella? No one knows.’
‘I’ve sent The Black Ship for the book. It can shed light on what might happen. Salanaway, my brave son is a good man.’
‘I don’t doubt it, Doella, but I want Barella to be happy. If only she’d chosen another.’
‘I know. I never thought Varnoth would fall in love. He’s been celibate all these years - imagine. I sense his pain and loneliness?’
‘No one knows better than I do about being lonely. Until I met you, I hated each day of my life, but I didn’t want to stop living. Perhaps I waited for you. Now I have everything, you, our offspring, and their siblings, and their children, and your other men as friends. I was alone for so long, but it was worth the wait.’
‘Is that what you told Barella?’
‘What else could I tell her? I often dismiss Vanectoll and his lofty ideas, but I have to admit my scroll tells the same story. Our universe to collide with its counterpart soon and your Minoth will escape with the other one…’
‘What else does it say?’
‘He will return.’
‘And what about Carnos?’
‘It says nothing. We are too strong, Doella. Not only do we have the Guardians, but your offspring too - a hundred and twenty-three, not counting their children. Who could defeat us?’
‘It seems impossible. But Minoth’s cunning is beyond understanding.’
‘Doella, I called a meeting of the Guardians, on Claeva. We need to find out what the other oracles say.’
‘Then we should wait for Varnoth.’
Salanaway agreed.
Leaving Varnoth to read the book, Doella waited for him on the Black Ship. As she often did, she strolled through her rooms of memories. She looked at the likenesses of her dead loves, hung flat against the wall in old Earth fashion. Or she could summon their images on the holographic system, where they appeared so real she could interact with them. She reclaimed her lost husbands and smiled at them. Her eyes lingered on Wylar. ‘You know I’m happy, don’t you?’ she said aloud to her ghosts. ‘But I still miss you so much.’ She heard Varnoth call. He’d finished.
The meeting on Claeva took place in Vanectoll’s monastery. Its echoing halls were empty - no more students came to disturb its new tranquillity. No one remembered where Claeva was. It had become a myth. All the planets it had once served, no longer supported space-faring civilisations but were fading away, as was Varan.
Vanectoll was happy with the peace, but he had visitors. The other Guardians and many of Doella’s progeny visited him, seeking Claeva’s tranquillity and the advice and gentle friendship of its sole inhabitant.
Doella walked along the open cloisters with Vrash, Salanaway, and Branaril, enjoying the views over the pink-hued plain. The grass was white, but when it died or burnt by the sun, it turned reddish pink.
Before arriving, Doella went to Vrashen. After Varnoth read the book, he appeared troubled and avoided Barella. But she was true to her word. Doella saw them sitting together in silence, Barella holding her half brother’s strong hand in hers.

They gathered on Claeva to compare information after seeking truth from their oracles. They sensed change was coming.
There were fond greetings between them, although Salanaway and Vanectoll were still cool with each other. Their joint power lifted Doella’s mood. How could Minoth ever defeat them? Along with her children, the Guardians would protect their planets from him.
As always, they spoke in order of their creation. They made their reports and informed the others what they had seen in their oracles.
‘What of you, Doella? What has your book shown you?’ asked Vanectoll.
She stood up. ‘Nothing,’ she admitted, bewildered after hearing what everyone else had to say. ‘I saw only empty pages. It’s odd when you consider how much it showed Varnoth… none of which he’d share with me.’
‘Do you have anything to add, Vrash?’ asked Vanectoll.
Vrash glanced at his lovely mother-wife. ‘Yes,’ he said. ‘Everything will be as you say, and I have no idea of the time frame. However, I sense it may be soon. Our dear son Var will gain his freedom, and we’ll live in peace for many years until Minoth returns. After the book stopped, and its pages were blank.’
‘Vrash, there was something else?’ asked Vanectoll, the wisest of them. ‘We need to know everything.’
‘No,’ Vrash said.
‘You must inform us, so we are prepared’ insisted Vanectoll. ‘It’s obvious you have seen more than the rest of us.’
Vrash furrowed his brow and glanced at Doella. Then he lowered his head as if he struggled with his feelings.
‘Vrash, you must tell us,’ urged Doella.
‘Very well. There will be another collision between universes and soon after, Minoth will escape.’ he paused and glanced at Doella again. ‘My evil son will take our wife away…’
There was disorder in the room. Salanaway and Branaril moved to Doella as if they might shield her.
She stood again. ‘It’s not surprising. Minoth and I have a score to settle. Our feelings towards each other have always been confused. I wish my present happiness could last because I’ve never been so content. I am at peace and my life is perfect. My only sadness is remembering those I’ve lost.’
Vanectoll waited until she had regained her composure and said. ‘Doella, you should go back to Vrashen. See if the book tells you anything more.’
‘Yes,’ she agreed and left.
It was peaceful on Vrashen. Varnoth never visited so Minoth wouldn’t pollute its serenity. The place never changed, although it was forever changing. The temple showed itself, and she retrieved the volume from its cold flame. When she turned around, the home waited to welcome her. She felt depressed and powerless, and the house tried to raise her spirits as it repeatedly did. But the sunshine-coloured walls and the floor, which looked like the sea frozen in a moment, couldn’t lift her mood. She’d known one day she and Minoth must face each other to resolve the impasse between them. Their love was corrupt, and the conflict would endure until it was pure. The realisation was a sharp pain through her heart. Varnoth’s infrequent descriptions of his twin’s feelings led to this truth. She sat at the familiar desk, opened the book, and asked the dwelling for coffee. This time the pages were alive with description.
Many days passed before she returned to Claeva. In a few moments, everyone was back in their seat.
‘Well, Doella, you’ve been away for a while. I take it the book showed you something this time?’ asked Vanectoll.
‘Yes, I must go with Minoth when he comes for me. Otherwise, he’ll return as our nemesis.’
Vrash jumped up, as did Salanaway and Branaril.
‘Doella, what good can it do?’ said Vrash in an anguished voice. ‘Our son is lost to us.’
‘I can love him as I should’ve when he was a child. If I bring him home with me, whole and happy, then our times will be perfect,’ she answered.
‘But how long will you be away?’ asked Salanaway, agonising at her absence.
‘As long as is necessary. Like all our oracles, the book never gives time frames. We must wait. But Var will soon be free, Salanaway.’ She smiled. ‘Free to marry Barella and be happy for the first time in his long life. Can’t a mother and father rejoice in that?’
Salanaway sat and nodded his head.
Life went on, with an attempt at normality. But Doella was restless again. She felt as if her perfect time would soon lie in ruins around her. The book showed a good time returning, but she had no idea when. She hated uncertainty, and it told her little of what she must do. Repeatedly, she imagined meeting Minoth in the greyness of interlamina. This lamina dimension was pulling two universes closer together but in no time. It might be many years before she returned home. What if her loved ones grew tired of waiting and turned to her daughters instead? She found it difficult to stop the questions from running through her mind.
Over the next thousand years, she almost forgot her fears as she learned to be happy again. Then one day they heard Barella scream. Doella sensed a tremendous rush of power was released.
Salanaway and Doella arrived together. Var lay on the ground, apparently lifeless, Barella tried to revive him. Salanaway comforted her, while Doella attended to her son.
‘He is alive, Barella, and just Var again - he has become one being instead of two.’
‘Oh Doella, it has begun,’ groaned her husband.
Vrash appeared and picked up his son’s seemingly lifeless form. Doella followed with her arms around her daughter, while Salanaway walked behind them.
Var looked asleep now and was breathing.
Vrash looked at Doella. ‘Our dear Var is returned to us.’
Barella brought a chair to his bed and held his hand.
‘What happened, Barella?’ Doella asked her daughter.
Barella shook her head. ‘I’m not sure.’
‘Leave it, Doella,’ said Salanaway. ‘They are both traumatised. Let them recover.’
‘Yes mother, please let me wait for Var to wake so my recollection will make more sense to me.’
She left the lovers alone.
Var didn’t wake for a long time, and Barella never left his side. Doella knew he was safe. But she needed to know what they experienced. Wylane tried to distract her by saying they should visit Wylar to see Parella and the others. She understood his reasoning, and instead of suggesting he use the Black Ship, she did as he asked and took him.
Her old room was the same, though the house was greatly enlarged. Even here, she couldn’t find peace. At last, she sensed Var return to consciousness, and she and Wylane returned home.
Var was weak, and Barella helped him walk.
‘It’s nothing,’ he assured them. ‘My strength returns.’
‘Var, he has gone, hasn’t he?’ Doella couldn’t sense Minoth’s presence.
‘Yes, mother, I am Var again. My mind is my own, and I am at peace. Barella and I will go away for a long honeymoon when I return to normal.
Doella took her children to a meeting on Claeva to tell the other’s what took place.
Barella started the story. ‘Another Minoth appeared from nowhere. It happened so fast and was so unexpected I was immobilised and unable to help Var.’
‘He reached inside me,’ continued Var. ‘It was not a physical sensation, yet this Minoth was as real as I am.’ Barella nodded her agreement. ‘I suffered terrible pain as if it tore me apart, and then I collapsed.’ He looked at Barella who continued:‘I couldn’t move, but I saw everything. Minoth was solid, but when he put his hands inside Var, they looked like a primitive hologram. Then Minoth shook, and I moved away because a dark shape came out of Var and it terrified me. The other Minoth withdrew his hands and the black shape changed into a duplicate of him… there were two of them looking at each other. Var fell to the ground, and I screamed aloud. The one who had lived inside Var looked at me and said, “I wanted you, sister. I told my brother to take you.” Then the two Minoths vanished, and mother and father and Vrash appeared…’ She shook her head. ‘When I remember the look in his eyes, I’m afraid.’
‘Why, Barella?’ asked Vanectoll.
‘It was the way Var’s Minoth looked at me. I’ve never seen real evil before, even in a child race. With them, there’s a mixture of good and bad, one of which dominates…’
‘Well then, Barella, daughter of Doella and Salanaway, you marry the finest man in the universe.’
‘Yes, I am, Vanectoll,’ she said and smiled.
The wedding was a joyous event, and no one happier than their mother. Now her dear, patient Var had love, and Barella proved by her long wait she was worthy of the best man in the universe. They took off for an extended honeymoon in a well-appointed ship given to them by their parents.
After they left, Doella visited Vanectoll. She found him meditating in an empty room with long windows open to the elements. She was about to withdraw and leave him in peace, but Vanectoll spoke.
‘Come and join me, Doella, I’ve been expecting you.’
She sat on the soft, rubbery floor, which once accommodated his students.
Doella smiled as she remembered the children who once sat in the hall. Vanectoll noted how she could light up a room with her smile, her laugh, or her presence. Then she returned to the present and grew sad. ‘Vanectoll, I want to save my other son too.’
Vanectoll sighed, for he knew she meant Minoth. ‘What does your book show you?’
‘Our story - from both our points of view, I’m responsible for what’s happened between us. Maybe if I’d tried harder…’
‘No, Doella, we know it has to be this way. Didn’t Minoth draw out the poison so now we live in peace? It was because of your battle with him you sought us out and enriched our lives. I have often wondered why there’s only one female guardian. We’d have profited from more.’
 ‘I must try, Vanectoll. What else can I do? Wait until the end of days. Helping those who remain to move to areas where there’s enough light and heat, and energy so they survive a little longer… or until we allow nature to take its course.’ She shook her head. ‘I know you spend your life in contemplation. Please tell me what I should do? I want to find my Minoth.’
‘And then what?’ asked Vanectoll. ‘Tell him you love him and invite another son into your bed?’
‘You never mentioned you don’t approve of my family.’
‘The Guardians are greatly changed from the men they used to be. Besides, what else can we expect from our Goddess of Love and Beauty?’
‘I hate the title.’
‘Nevertheless, it is what you are. Why have you come here, Doella? Haven’t you decided?’
‘I’ve spoken to Vrash. As Minoth’s father, I must consult him. He has agreed, and Wylane never doubts me.’
‘And Salanaway and Branaril?’
‘They aren’t happy.’
‘You may be gone for a long time, even possible you might never return.’
‘I will,’ she insisted, remembering The Cael.
‘Do you trust your book so much?’
‘No, only a guide, I make up my mind. Have you seen anything which may help me?’
At first, he said no, but then his whole demeanour changed. ‘Doella, daughter to me, be careful… the other universe is nothing like ours. Its Guardians are destroyed by the evil mother and her son, and these beings revel in its chaos.’ Vanectoll appeared to be in a trance. ‘The other Doella is everything you are not, and everything you might have become. Minoth will see his mother loves him.’ Vanectoll’s face shone with love for all. He sat as still as stone.
‘Thank you, dear friend,’ whispered Doella, and she disappeared.
Doella gathered her large family to tell them her intentions. Everyone was silent and her children protested, while their fathers remained tight-lipped. They’d had their say and looked to their oracles for answers. Only Wylane was certain she’d return.
Prirella was very distressed. ‘How will you find your way to the other universe?’ she asked.
‘I think the passage is through another version of lamina,’ said Doella. ‘But one formed differently, perhaps a combination of space/time and the lamina between the layers of our realities.’
‘But, mother, these universes connect infrequently and only then can we cross from one into the other.’ Carnos spoke for them.
‘Why I must leave now before the other universe pulls away from us. I doubt if there’s a permanent path through.’ Her son Carnos shook his head, ‘Carnos, I must. What if our Minoth comes back for you, as we have seen? No, I’m going for two reasons, for you and Minoth.’
She said her goodbyes and prepared to leave behind all she loved. She wondered to herself why. It was to save her two sons, Carnos and Minoth - but Doella knew there was more to it. Their last evening meal was very subdued. Vrash looked as if he was carved from stone and stoic Branaril hunched over the table. Vrash never desired another woman in the years they’d been together, and Branaril felt the same. Salanaway and Wylane would find a distraction while she was gone.
Doella turned to Vrash. ‘I’ll come back, you must believe it.’
‘Doella, the place you are going to isn’t our universe. We know how our oracles described it - a world without Guardians, of chaos and evil.’
‘Yes, I saw it in the book. Strange how it's a much younger universe than ours is and will end sooner. I’ve been wondering if our deeds are echoed in the rocks and elements which hold our universes together.’
‘You sound like Vanectoll or Canase,’ said Vrash morosely.
‘Do I? I’ve had a long time to think about it. When I come back I’d prefer to live, not meditate.’ She laughed quietly, as if reluctant to disturb the air, which was thick with emotion.
Vrash tried to comfort Branaril. ‘Doella is right. We must trust her. This is her last great task, and when she returns, we’ll be a family once more.’
‘Branaril, my dear,’ said Doella, ‘oblivion is still a long way off. We’ll have a long time to be happy again. Look after our Earths while I am gone. Some are almost ready to take to the stars… guide them well.’

Chapter 31
The dirty, dark grey vastness between the universes was more desolate than any other lamina Doella experienced. She found her way into it. The physical laws aligned well with it, knowing one led to understanding the other. But finding a path through into the other reality wasn’t as simple as she’d imagined. But Doella understood if she failed, she’d never try it again.
Then she noticed a bright light, a beacon, for it flickered on and off with a regular rhythm. Then she reached the boundary - a wall of searing energy so vast it must stretch forever. It snaked unevenly through the greyness. Doella sensed she was close to a way through it. She saw the beacon, but it moved, showing the door was unstable. She must find it fast or it’d move away from her. Doella wondered how much time passed in her reality while she lingered in the void. It was as if her sanity was assaulted again, as she remembered Wylar. Would he be there? Or Sark, Carnos, any of them? She pulled herself together with an effort. ‘Let me in!’ she screamed.
Something grabbed her and dragged her through the energy barrier. She was in another reality. A few stars flickered far away, and holding her close was her son, Minoth.
‘You came for me,’ he declared, his eyes shining with love and desire, ‘I thought over coming back for Carnos, as you suspected. I might have. She said you wouldn’t show up without a better reason, but I knew my mother would come for me.’
Next moment they were on a rock in dark space, inside a clear bubble, watching a faint sun far away. Minoth gave her food and drink and led her by the hand to a bath, and her dress vanished. The green water revived her, and she closed her eyes, forgetting where she was. But when she opened her eyes again, there was her evil son, watching her in the same way he ever had. But there was more than just the usual lust in his eyes - could it be love? Had it ever been there? Doella tried to remember. ‘I’m sorry, Minoth.’
He shook his head and then smiled. ‘If it only was so simple, my wonderful love. You finding affection for me at last, or offering me what I want most, cannot miraculously cure me.’
‘She gives herself to you?’ Doella sensed a curious stab of jealousy.
‘She’s as splendid as you are, but nothing like you. If you believe I am cruel, in comparison with her, I resemble my good brother, Var.’
‘The book showed me her character.’
‘And still, you came for me.’
‘Yes, Minoth. Come back with me, we will help you find your way.’
‘No, I can’t return. In exchange for my freedom, I promised this Doella I’d let her have you. If you think my lusts are perverse, wait until she takes you in her arms. What can the most beautiful and corrupt being who ever existed want more than herself? She says my reward is to keep you to myself for a while, but she won’t delay for long. Can’t you sense her desire?’
‘Yes.’ Doella could.
‘Come to bed, mother, and show me you love me as you do my father.’ He was gentle for once, and Doella gave herself to him.
Afterwards, lying in his arms, she asked again, ‘Please move back with me, Minoth’.
She felt him weaken, but before she persuaded him, the other Doella stood at their bed. At first glance, they were identical in form. But good Doella’s eyes were brilliant and full of love, the others were bright and cruel. No soft Varan draperies for her, but a glistening black garment, which did little to cover her beauty.
The horrible parody of Doella sneered. ‘I can’t force you to do what I want, but if you don’t let me have you…’
‘You’ll enter my universe and destroy those I love,’ finished Doella.
‘Yes, after I fuck them, of course. How wonderful. From what I’ve heard from Minoth, your troop of husbands are very good in bed.’
‘I’ll stop you, Doella. Minoth come home with me….’
‘Minoth won’t help you,’ she sneered. ‘He likes it here too much - don’t you, Minoth?’ He nodded. ‘Imagine, my erotic pseudo son, making love to both of us while you and I do the same. I can’t wait.’
Doella found herself in a dark room, lying naked in a large bed. The other Doella was bare too, crawling up between Doella’s opened legs, with a look of lust on her face, while Doella stared at her, fascinated. She didn’t move away as her nemesis lay on top of her, and kissed her passionately and then sucked her breasts.
‘You are so beautiful,’ she said. ‘I’ve wanted you for so long. It was worth the wait and the scheming.’ She moved closer between Doella’s legs and then lifted her head and smiled. ‘It is my turn next. You’ll do it or I’ll carry out my threat. I may not get everyone, but I’ll kill as many as I can.’
The two Minoths appeared. Doella turned her mind within to protect her sanity, moving with the strange tableau in body only. When she woke, the memory was as vague as any dream.
‘Minoth?’ Her son sat close by, watching her.
‘They’ve left us but they’ll be back. You’ll have to open your mind to what is happening or she’ll grow angry.’
‘I realise, is there anyone here we’d recognise, Minoth?’
‘Here we go. If you expect to meet any of your old friends, think again. She’s killed them. Minoth is the only child still living. Nothing exists here but pain and death. She uses this universe as her playground, keeping those who are useful or amusing to her. Her slaves bring her useless gold and jewels, others give her food and drink…’ Minoth sounded bitter.
‘How did she kill the other Guardians?’
‘At first, she was as incorruptible as you. And was for a while, but the power she possessed changed her. Remember you are the most powerful being in your universe. As in ours, the Guardians understood little of each other,  and when they were gone, no one missed them. It wasn’t difficult. She could do as she says and kill our Guardians, even if you warn them…’
‘You don’t believe she could corrupt me? Didn’t you make that mistake once?’
‘You almost came to me.’ His eyes looked wild.
‘Minoth, come home. If you have any affection for me, then it’s all you need. And after sharing Var’s mind for so long, can’t you care for him too? It would be a start. Please, Minoth, I came to bring you back.’
‘Don’t mother - it’s useless. I’m almost as evil as she is.’
‘Almost… you said, almost. There is hope for you.’
Minoth changed his demeanour. ‘What, when I can make love to two of you and myself?’ But Doella sensed him waver as the peace and beauty of his universe beckoned to him.

Minoth held his fingers to his lips and in their intimate mode said, Yes, I’ll help you escape, but she’ll follow. Are you ready for a fight? I must not show weakness, mother, or she’ll guess the truth.
Are you frightened of her?
Yes. As I always told you, I love you, mother. But you never believed me.
Aloud, Doella asked her son something, which intrigued her. ‘How did she communicate with you, Var would know?’
‘Remember your Earth? I didn’t shatter it. I was never foolish enough to destroy something you loved so much.’ Silently he added. Be careful of your emotions, mother, they give you away. Aloud he finished, ‘This Minoth invited me to go back with him. At first, I was intrigued and then I answered no. But he came for me while Var held me, and I was glad to be free.’

‘Yes, he was,’ said the evil Doella, appearing suddenly. ‘I felt sorry for him. Here, I’ve brought you wine to try. It is very good, and I understand what a connoisseur you are.’
‘I expect you are bored with me,’ Doella said, echoing her nemesis’s new strategy and sipping her drink. 
‘I’m intrigued by you. You have the same lusts I have, and yet we are so different. We have a lot in common.’
‘We probably do,’ agreed Doella. ‘No, I won’t let you into my mind. You will not corrupt me.’
‘Did you enjoy our sexual fantasy? Have you never wanted another woman? Strange. I used to prefer them to men… women can be crueller when they put their minds to it.’
‘I experimented, a long time ago. As a member of a harem, they expected it. It was an enjoyable piece of research. It happened on my Earth… the one your son destroyed.’
‘When I go to your reality, I promise  everyone you love will enjoy their last hours.’ The evil creature laughed - a far from pleasant sound. ‘I’ll give you one more chance before I carry out my threat. Your son says you believe sex is preferable if it involves love. He said you find satisfaction from deviation, although you deny it and pretend to abhor it. Admit to me he is right - you are lying to yourself.’
Doella looked at her son, his face was set like stone. The woman tried to kiss her and Doella turned her face away. Take me home, she pleaded to Minoth on their intimate mode. ‘Minoth?’ Doella said aloud.
‘Mother,’ he replied, ‘if you don’t do as she asks, many will die.’ But he said to her, yes, I will come with you because I believe you love me. Aloud he added for the other’s benefit, ‘Do it for me, mother. You say you love me.’
‘I’ll leave you to your son for now. But I won’t wait forever.’ She and her son were gone.
Minoth kissed Doella sensuously. Come then, she won’t stay away long. But be prepared, for she’ll follow us.
She may have destroyed her Guardians, but mine are my friends. She cannot win and is out of her mind. Minoth, can I trust you?
Yes, I’ve had enough of this dead place. I need life, not death to feed me. ‘Now, mother.’
They were in front of the boundary.
‘It’s not a barrier,’ said Minoth. ‘It just looks like one. The energies are harmless.’
‘I realised when you dragged me through it. My book misled me.’
‘No… it wanted me to help you.’
‘I suppose it did,’ Doella agreed. ‘Don’t leave my side, Minoth.’

Next moment they were back on Claeva in the large meeting hall, and moments later, the Guardians joined them. Var came with Barella, and Vrash brought Wylane.
Doella told them what she expected to happen.
‘Are you sure we can trust Minoth?’ asked his father.
‘Yes, you can,’ Minoth said, looking at his twin. ‘The other Doella’s worlds are barren and ugly, and no one knows better than you, Var, how much I love beauty. She may look like my mother on the outside, but inside she is vile.’ Minoth said. ‘Now, thanks to my brother, I see what evil is.’

‘Well, Var, it is up to you,’ said Vanectoll warily, knowing the twins still had a connection with each other. ‘You know him. Is he telling the truth?’
‘He’s not lying,’ Var admitted his face grim. ‘But he is frightened. He feels unsafe here.’
Wylane was in Doella’s mind. ‘Parella calls us home - she uses her racial memories to remember a threat, an attack will take place soon.’
Vrash and Carnos disappeared with Wylane to protect their planet Wylar.
‘Var, you and Barella must stay with me,’ their mother insisted.
‘Mother, the three of us are a match for her,’ Barella said, her eyes flashing.
‘Yes, we are,’ her mother agreed.
‘I’ll come too, she’ll bring Minoth with her,’ said Minoth.
Doella had to trust him, although she understood the others were unsure of him.
‘Then I’ll watch your backs,’ Nak Ran growled.
‘She has come, Doella,’ said Vanectoll.
‘Yes, we can sense her now. Come, we must waste no time.’
‘Doella, you need to destroy her - can you?’ asked Branaril.
‘Yes, because I must.’
‘Even though if you do, her universe ceases to exist?’ Vanectoll knew how Doella hated to kill. She nodded. ‘Then I must come too. I have been selfish, staying here and hiding from what needs to be done. You cannot take the blame for this yourself.’ Vanectoll was determined Doella knew this was not her battle.
‘Thank you. Will the rest of you stay aware in case she escapes.’
‘She won’t,’ said Seckshan, his voice confident for once.
If she could appear beautiful in her universe, in this one she couldn’t. Eyes marred the other Doella’s face as cold as space, and when her lips parted, they revealed teeth as sharp as a dragon’s. Her body remained, but now she had many arms - long useless tendrils, unable to hold her prey. Some had claws, like those on crustaceans, and they drew power from her body, not this cosmos. She didn’t belong here and couldn’t draw on its elements. This Doella was in a state of metamorphosis and becoming transparent. She was furious, not only with Doella but because of the loss of her beauty. She was angry enough to destroy everything in this reality as she had in her universe. The other Guardians arrived, and she flittered around like a dying butterfly. She screamed for her son, and he was beside her.

Doella and her Minoth were repulsed this dreadful creature touched them. The evil one called Doella’s Minoth to leave his mother and come back to them. But for a man who desired to live in beauty’s arms, this was no temptation. The two Doellas and Minoths confronted each other, and the Guardians fell back.
The evil one screamed again, knowing the pure Doella’s son had deceived her. He hadn’t told her the other Guardians were their friends. She couldn’t imagine the love Doella created in others, for all she understood was hate. The positive, supportive emotions of those surrounding struck her like a blow. Her Minoth now realised they’d lose the fight. He tried to leave, but the twins followed him. They directed their energies into him, and the one who’d killed his twin blinked out of existence as if he’d never been.

The terrifying shape of the corrupt Doella grew vast and attenuated. Facing it alone was the radiant goodness of the loving Doella, who said to her repulsive opponent.
‘I never considered myself a good person until this moment. My actions opposed my upbringing, and I was guilty because of it. Now I know you as you are, in your pitiful ugliness, I see I am good. My flaws increased my ability to love, while yours destroyed it. I pity you, Doella, for you’ve never truly loved for so long. I have no sadness or guilt for what I must do.’

The others moved away, for they realised she needed no help. She was suffused with power. Crackling blue energy blazed from her eyes and spilt from her body. The evil Doella, in the last display of utter hate, flung herself at her rival, her clawed, gelatinous arms flailing and her teeth bared. The moment they touched, the evil one burst into blue flame.
It was over. Doella’s long battle with her sense of self-worth destroyed her nemesis.
Minoth stood away, uncertain of what happens next. Doella turned to her son as his father approached him.
‘I know you are with us again, and I’m glad you are back,’ Vrash said sincerely.
‘I’ve got a long way to go. I’m not “safe” yet. Var knows. Perhaps I never will be.’
‘We’ll help you find your inner peace on Claeva, Minoth,’ said Vanectoll.
But Vrash, like Doella, knew the only way Minoth could find peace was in his mother’s arms, with everyone else’s love and support.
Vrash sat with Doella outside the house on Vrashen in the bright morning sun.
‘Is it over, Vrash? Will we have unity at last, as we guide the peoples of our universe towards their end? For isn’t it all we have to look forward to - oblivion?’
‘Oblivion is still a long way off,’ he reminded her. ‘Many civilisations must bloom and flower, and then diminish and perish, before then. And when they have gone, we Guardians will go too. Finally Wylane. Until the only creature left is you, as you wait for the next time, holding Wylar inside, son of Wylane.’
‘Perhaps it won’t be as terrible as I imagine. I can sleep it away. It was a horrible experience, and I won’t look up any more Doellas.’ She shivered. ‘I’m very content to stay in my universe from now and no more searching for those who are gone…’
‘You’ve grown up,’ said Vrash, smiling. ‘You’ve learnt wisdom … and through you, so have I.’
‘Then let’s go home to Phailden and tell our children our lives are just beginning,’ she said, exulting in her new inner peace.

###

