
Table of Contents
About the Author
Title Page
INTRODUCTION: PROLOGUE
Chapter 1 Overture: the Prelude
Chapter 2 the Find
Chapter 3 Informing the Scientific Community
Chapter 4 Press Conference
Chapter 5 Reanimation of the Skyview Lab
Chapter 6 Chatting with Skyview
Chapter 7 Making a Deal with Skyview’s Artificial Intelligence
Chapter 8 Establishing Mission Control for Finding Proof
Chapter 9 Planning Rendezvous with MIA-911
Chapter 10 the Flight
Chapter 11 Landing on the Distant World, the Final Stage
Chapter 12 At Home with the Wife as News Travels Fast
Chapter 13 the Artifact Facts
Chapter 14 Announcement of the Artifact
Chapter 15 Tel Aviv Reports In
Chapter 16 Search for the Space Grail Continues on Earth
Chapter 17 Anonymous Briefing by the Good Professor
Chapter 18 The Public Version: A Dark Little Lie Lie Lie Lie
Chapter 19 the Moment of Final Truth
Chapter 20 Saying Goodbye to Skyview
Chapter 21 End of an Era: Disappearance of MIA-911
Epilogue Debunked
The End
Disclaimer and Copyright
 



About the Author

Rosey Frost is an author of vision and to some extent an optimist.
 Sometimes he is a philosopher.  This book is the seco
nd of its type he has written. 
Incident on Planet MIA-911...Space Grail is an art of philosophical revival or reminder of the human element which has been lost in a frenzied intrusion of science on people’s daily lives.  He attempts to debunk this ideology, one in which the human condition suffers direct ideological stagnation promulgated by science fantasy. 

In his younger years, Frost worked as a professional journalist in Western America.  He authored daily news reports on every imaginable real-life event conceivable.

Obsessed with the struggle of man to survive in his modern environment and lack of interest in solving the problems of the common man, he became disillusioned by a system that only talked about the problems facing mankind’s future generations.
He ended his career as a journalist and without any monetary means available, found himself in a struggle for his own self-survival.  He joined the armed services where he faced the problem of involvement in nothing less than a war of beliefs
.
After his tenure in the military, he soon realized the fruitlessness in the act of making war against his brothers.  As he was certain war was not the solution he decided again to put pen to paper. This time not as a member of the free press, but as a writer of novels intended to be entertaining as well as delivering some sociological message of hope for future descendants.







Incident on Planet MIA-911...Space Grail 
  
 
by Rosey Frost

Introduction: Prologue 

Two men sit exchanging conversation over coffee in an observatory of the Swiss Alps on a seemingly normal evening of stargazing. Suddenly a motion detector on the telescope alerts them of an unidentified passing body in the distant constellation of Sagittarius located in the center and western portions of the Milky Way.
It is the first discovery of a new planet in this heavily studied sector of deep space and for the two ever vigilant scientists a major career breakthrough.
The planet is quickly named MIA-911.
Dispensation of appropriate notifications, news releases, and second-party validation to confirm the sighting and assure the scientific community as well as the general public that the find is no hoax is soon forthcoming.
Peters-Reuger’s planet MIA-911 is then sent in the form of data to a private deep space monitoring laboratory with a primary interest in planets or planetoids that possess earth-like qualities.  The company, Aerospace Deep Space Consortium, Inc., has as its main mission to find proof of life in the vastness of the universe, extraterrestrial life.  

The opportunity offered by MIA-911 becomes more and more the possible missing link in the determination of life existing beyond the stars of the Milky Way.
All that is known about MIA-911 rogue is fed into the supercomputers to be analyzed.  In the meantime, further observation and tracking of the planet turn up a second exciting possibility. 

Much more out of coincidence than of device, an old earth probe satellite/space laboratory is found in the same area of space as the rogue planet itself.  The space lab, known as Skyview, was lost thirty years ago on the rim of the galaxy.
 
 J.T. Heath, the owner of the Consortium, seeks the old schematics of the Skyview Lab out of the archives and finds he is the one who now owns the rights for the use of the lost probe.  It was a conglomeration of the then newly founded consortium and its founder and the old rights bought out from a less successful venture firm then known as Space 2K.

He is 43 years old and has spent the last two decades of his life trying to explain life in the universe by the trial and error of scientific procedure.  Tammy, his younger wife of 35, constantly tries to convince him to retire early while he is ahead and pursue the search for a family with her instead.


Heath decides to go ahead with plans to use his scientific team to reanimate the Skyview and land the unused rover unit on board to explore MIA-911 which is found to only be three solar days away from the dead in space satellite unit. 

It is the first time in the history of astronomy such an opportunity has been made available.  Instead of mere data correlation and patchwork mathematical analysis, the Skyview Lab offers an unparalleled hands-on approach.

What the “Mission of Discovery” can find is beyond all expectations and with some luck could live up to the first sign of life beyond doubt. The results, if the Skyview can be reactivated may prove that man is not alone.
“First Contact” is the ultimate universal grail.  At least with all the cards on the table, they do produce a deal, but the hand that is dealt is not the expected one.  And even when the cards are reshuffled, the results turn up less than trump.  Humanoid and extraterrestrial acquire new meaning...but is there a difference?  The real deal holds all the wildcards.

After the successful landing and deployment of the ground vehicle, an out of place artifact is found on MIA-911.  Heath is afraid to cause doubt in the secular scientific community and not willing to accept the responsibility of being completely truthful with various religious factions, adopts a middle of the road approach to the evidence.

In the meantime, the artificial intelligence of the deep space probe that found the item begins to become self-aware but is confused by the human belief in the divine nature of the universe.
WARNING: This book contains science fiction and not science fantasy. It may tend to debunk the present ideas of extraterrestrial life in the universe.
The dichotomy of the dilemma exists between man and an alien race.  If there is a race out there then it should have already been run! This overbearing amount of attention to the question of not being alone in the universe with no results of any substance to show is enough to label the search as DEBUNKED.


Chapter 1 Overture: the Prelude

The massive report of increased UFO activity by the year 2259 has taken on dramatic proportions.  It is estimated that nearly fifty percent of the population will adopt some form of belief in alien visitation.

Society is divided on the question of extraterrestrial existence or alien life.
It seems God is “missing in action”. Regarding the earth, many believe the human race has been targeted and is being systematically replaced.  Although the sightings can mostly be explained, the persistent insistence of the masses continues. Lines are drawn.

The governments of the world maintain an official hardline suggesting most of the sightings are inaccurate misinterpretations of other events. 
Even with the attempt to quell the public rumors by authorities, many governments sponsored research projects still receive funding to find the proof of “First Contact.”
The irony of this contradiction in the future society of mankind causes a divergent division in the texture of human belief.

Scene One: A man standing on the street holding a sign at an organized public rally supporting the existence of alien life.  The sign text is simple concise, “We Welcome You to Earth.”  The protestor looking into a television news camera says, “They’re coming. It all exists. We know they are out there waiting.” The broadcast is a portion of an old documentary film made in the first half of the 21st Century, exact date 2023.


Scene Two: A news anchorperson is taped and the replay indicates a strange condition that almost demonizes her eyes.  They appear for an instance in freeze-frame to resemble reptilian eye slits.  Although the material could have a logical basis, such as the impish photographic ‘Red Eye’ phenomenon, it goes down as proof an alien race of lizard creatures are taking control of the earth.  This clandestine overt operation has been going on for centuries and only now has been substantially documented as an attempt to subterfuge mankind. The year was 2018.


Scene Three: Major persons of interest hold a Citizen Hearing of Disclosure to present testimony that UFOs exist.  They maintain a mass cover-up by world leaders is the only thing stopping the truth from being realized. “Visitors from Outer Space Discussed,” the place was Washington D.C. The year was 2013.


Scene Four: The Vatican holds a conclave in 2009 to discuss extraterrestrial life.


Scene Five: The Phoenix Lights have risen as an area in the southwestern portion of the United States has numerous witnesses claiming to have seen the lights in the night sky.  Much too the surprise of the public, a comical alien was presented by government authorities as to the culprit behind the Wild West light show.  It is later disclosed the alien was just a man in an alien costume.  The year was 1997.


The final deciding factor in this unending story is us. The handshake men and women exchange with a fellow human being is a type of first contact occurring each and every day on the earth.
The examples listed above are not just anyone’s fantasy and there are many such instances to be found in the annals of history. It is a matter best left up to personal prospective.
It cannot be denied this ongoing process has become the final grail or quest of the human race, a sort of space grail. 

Chapter 2 the Find
The night sky was full of activity.  Stars abounding in the heavens in clear view of the naked eye, all present and accounted for like a celestial order on parade and one need only look up to enjoy the show.

Two men sat in an obscure observatory somewhere on the top of an even little-visited mountain peak in the Zurich Alps.  They were exchanging conversation over coffee and sandwiches. In that precise moment, something was happening to require their attention. It was something that had not occurred for the last 30,000 years and would not occur again for another 30,000.

A universal event was taking place, one by merely admiring the night’s beauty would have gone unnoticed.  Luck came in the form of the two scientists, John Peters and Andre Reuger, and one large lens plus their ability to accurately record their findings.

Suddenly an audio alarm sounded, Reuger placed his coffee and sandwich on the mantel of his station and confirmed the alarm’s stats.  There was a mass passing quickly across space. It should not have been there. Looking now through the giant telescopic apparatus of the observatory, he said, “There is definitely something unidentified moving out there.  It was not there a moment ago.”

Peters was busy evaluating the telemetry from the source of the disturbance.  He needed to make a quick determination of the event now transpiring.

“It appears to be coming from the constellation Sagittarius. The coordinates would place it anywhere from the center of the galaxy to the western rim, maybe even deep space,” he noted after reviewing the data feed.
“The Archer again,” quipped Reuger, while searching for the anomaly.
It was a new body in the neighborhood of bodies that have already been charted.  The two quickly became at odds with each other, unable to agree on the correct course of action.  New planets were found almost every day but not by these two pathfinders of the universe.

“Is it still there?” asked Peters of his colleague Reuger, whose eyes were pressed tightly over the viewing lens of the telescope which extended out from the bowels of the observatory.       

 “Yes, yes! I have it in sight!  It is moving on an irregular course. It almost seems as if it has settled into a standard orbital path, but it is erratic,” he responded excitedly tripping over his words almost unable to communicate them.

Taken in by the breathless discovery of the moment, the two decided post-haste to undertake a complete data compilation on the event body.  This would later prove to be the best decision.

“Why did we not see it before?” asked Reuger as he removed his eye from the telescope and looked into those of his colleague. “It was just there all at once.”
“It is a rogue. That's why,” responded Peters.
John Peters was the elder of the two and was now relying on his experience.
For the last instant, he had been reviewing the area of deep space in which the body first entered into sight.  He had determined the planet, as he was sure it was no comet or meteor, was now traversing the area of space commonly known as the constellation of Sagittarius.  The body had entered the outer rim of the Milky Way from an undetermined area outside it somewhere probably in deep space.  

It was now moving along a quasi-perpendicular axis path in front of the main constellation’s stars in a downward diagonal direction.  Peters knew the elliptical path of the planet must have been massive and very tight.  In other words, almost on a parallel straight-line course with a twist and turn at both ends.

It was also moving relatively quickly based on its size and comparison to other objects in the area.
He was also sure the actions or activity as observed were the usual characteristics of the unknown planet.  He assumed, not lightly springing to his first assumption, the body had a long voyage history and had jumped from one solar system to another.  It traveled as a universal orphan, most definitively a rogue.

After this revelation fell into a strange state of semi-acceptance, Peters exclaimed at the top of his lungs, “I dub you Planet MIA-911.” His associate just nodded in agreement and smiled.
“We must inform the proper channels, authorities, and organizations if we want the find to be verified,” noted Peters in an as-matter-of-fact tone. “Do we have any data which may be useful besides its course and present location?”

“Yes,” answered Reuger, “It is a little strange, but preliminary evaluations all indicate the planet is very earth-like in nature.”
“We now have an uplink with Bettsdorph and are able to send and receive. The data is looking to be in order.  It is one to one, the same results,” noted Peters, “I will now send the complete info package that we have recorded over the last 15 minutes to the Bettsdorf facility in Luxembourg as a backup proof of the event.”

This ended the ‘original’ new sky in Sagittarius for the two observers but began a saga or trail of events that would change the universal search for the elusive grail of the ‘origins’ of life. Like many scientific endeavors, the factor of luck played a significant role, as the two nightshift observers actually just stumbled on the planet. It would almost be a crime against humanity to ignore. Of course, the circumstances surrounding the discovery were all well documented. 

Chapter 3 Informing the Scientific Community

The information arrived as an electronic mail notification to all points of interest around the globe.  The two astronomers had compiled quite an extensive mailing list in their less hectic moments of sky searching.

It came to the attention of a study group in Oklahoma as the desk secretary had almost filed the mail as spam to be deleted.
 When she reviewed the contents, she noted it contained extensive mathematical and active algorithm formulas.  She was unable with certainty to judge the email and decided to call it to the attention of her employer.  The head of the company she worked for was J.T. Heath, a self-made millionaire with his head up in the clouds. 

Heath had amassed wealth through the use of public attention and manipulation while promoting his vision.  Heath promised he would not rest until he found proof of life in the universe other than on this planet.

He was a survivor where the others fell by the way. The last archaic scientific dreamer. Using as role models Sir Isaac Newton or Francis Bacon, he was the man who had self-entrusted himself as the father of modern scientific enlightenment of all mankind.
Of course, to understand the universe is not without its worth.
Imagination can throw a wrench in the cold, methodical scientific process of investigation.  Heath used the fanatics and the dreamers to spring ahead while earning a tidy sum in guest appearances, promotions, a well-received collection of books and even a line of child’s toys of various alien figures from the annals of recorded UFO incidents.

Heath was not a bad man.  He was just eccentric and slightly overwhelmed by his own imagination.  This had proved to be the two ingredients the hand of fate used and it was enough to write him into history as the bearer of a wealth of tangible assets.

When the email arrived on his desk in the form of a printout, Heath did not recognize its significance immediately.  In fact, while mumbling under his breath he asked himself "What if this?"  Without answering himself he almost deposited it in the trash.

He decided to summon Shirley, his secretary, into the office over the intercom to ask her how she had come across this message. 
Entering the office Shirley responded, “It was sent as a chain email. We were at the top upper portion of the mailing list. I did not know if it was important, but it was marked ‘Urgent. Requires Immediate Attention.’”
“They are all marked urgent. Thank you,” he responded in an endearing tone, “That will be all for today.  You did the right thing.”  He was still not convinced the message merited consideration.


He then recognized the coded sender, from an observatory he once had sponsored himself and the Bettsdorf logo.  It was real enough for a second look.

Upon realizing the message was authentic, he quickly assembled his research team in the briefing room and instructed them to evaluate the information. He was to be kept appraised of their findings.  

Time was an important factor.  Heath knew the first to the pole claimed all the glory.  He was sure it would be him regardless of what had to be done.

It was after good consideration he decided the newfound planet MIA-911 fit the criteria for further study.  The main thing is the planet was rumored to be earth-like. In fact, it was more than just a rumor. It was early data indications that led to this conclusion.

 From the first examination of the planet as observed in deep space, it became obvious it had not successfully developed its own atmosphere.  Heath’s scientific team explained this by virtue of its orbital path.  A source of sustained needed sunlight did not present itself as the planet moved chaotically across the universe.

Not allowing for continuous light, the orbital path of the rogue planet forced stagnation instead of development.
It was slowly realized under this condition, the necessary photosynthetic processes were never present.  In short, the chance of life evolving without a stable atmosphere and absence of photosynthesis was greatly reduced and relatively unlikely.  It could not, however, be completely be ruled out.


One day after the planet was found, another independent team of sky watchers made an interesting observation.  They immediately informed Heath’s consortium labs’ of the new news. This information would later prove a decisive factor in the overall study of the planet. 

These men were also indirectly related to the research wing owned and operated by Heath.  The information memo was short.  It simply contained verification of the presence of a lost deep space probe found to be in or around the area in which the planet had been sighted.

The satellite-like vehicle was the Skyview in Deep Space - Unmanned Research Probe and Laboratory (SIDS-URPAL).
The Skyview, as it was commonly referred to, was presumed lost over thirty years ago and by some stroke of luck ended up right where Heath would have wanted it to be if he could reach out and place it there himself.
This news added to the planet’s find gave Heath fuel to fire up the media.
He knew what he had to do to get their undivided attention and he hoped it would be profitable. He had the connection he needed to add a flavor of intrigue to an otherwise boring sighting.
What would soon manifest proved to be anything but boring!

Chapter 4 Press Conference

Assembled in an outer seminar room was a group of approximately fifty members of the press.  All were anxiously 
waiting to hear the first update on the status of planet MIA-911.
The conference bustled with activity anticipating the keynote speaker’s arrival.  As Heath entered the room, a silence fell over the crowd.

“Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen my name is James Thomas Heath, founder and private owner of the Aerospace and Deep Space Consortium, Incorporated (ADSC). I have prepared a simple fact sheet containing all the facts, some of which have been verified and some of which are not but are all still under consideration.” 
“I will read the statement in its entirety for you and after reading it will field questions regarding the recent Peters-Reuger’s find,” he announced in a strong resilient voice.

1. Estimates from the Aerospace Deep Space Consortium have now been able to verify the planet now being called MIA-911 appears and disappears from our visible space only once every 30,000 years. This finding is based on its present course...


2. After reappearance, it will be visible only a short while and will then be lost to all conventional tracking methods...


3. MIA-911 exhibits a strong magnetic field emulation leading to the conclusion that it possesses a molten inner core...


4. The strength of its magnetic resonance renders it virtually lost in space, relative to the earth's perspective…


5. The window of contact with MIA-911 is most likely five to ten solar days, with luck it may remain visible for possibly two weeks. This would add an extended time in which the planet could be examined. Its present location is estimated to be inside or just on the rim of the Milky Way in the western quadrant. This location will be reviewed in detail.

          

                                                    End of Statement


“This is the end of the five-point statement,” concluded Heath.
“Ladies and gentlemen, this find has significant scientific consequences. For the first time in the history of astronomy, a verified planet displaying earth-like qualities is within view and our grasp for study.  If you will allow the comparison, MIA-911 has come out of its rabbit hole and all we have to do is catch the rabbit,” he continued.

“We plan to do better than that.  It has been brought to our team’s attention that an abandoned earth automated probe launched in 2138 has been found to be in the same sector of space, in or around the constellation known as Sagittarius, which is near the center and extending over the western rim of our Milky Way Galaxy.”

“If, and it is big if, at present, we can reanimate the probe known as Skyview then we may make this a long list of firsts in modern recorded history.  On-board navigation can target MIA, which we can safely say is within 72 hours of travel time away from the intersection with Skyview which is now floating dead in space.”

“How the Skyview got to this part of deep space is unknown. It stopped sending as it exited the Milky Way and was assumed lost about thirty years ago.  Again we have no clue as to how the Skyview got twenty light years away from the earth’s solar system and much less on how it re-entered the galaxy after exiting but we are glad it did.”

“Of equal consideration, we cannot also accurately explain the path followed by our new neighbor, MIA-911.”
“This should not deter us from our ‘Mission of Discovery’ as we have now named the project. We have taken too long and spent too much time without anything to show for it. Now we have this moment to seize.  This is more than a project. It is a Godsend,” Heath added, “At this time I open this forum to questions.”


One attending journalist took the opportunity to raise his hand, “How is this find any different from the others of its nature and do you expect to use Skyview.  If so, please explain the advantages that can be gained through the Skyview probe after all it is outdated. Is it not?” he asked introducing himself as Bjorn Bernard from the World Of Science Monthly.

Heath paused for a moment to think in silent retrospect and review of the question.  He formulated his answer with the knowledge as it was made available to the team of his scientists after studying the Skyview schematics.

“Skyview is equipped with both solar and burnable power sources. We are most concerned with the burnable fuel, particularly its present level.” 
“The solar batteries are charged by the accumulated direct current passing through the solar arm panels at a rate of 360 to 420 watts of standard sun power. This is enough to supply all on-board power needs such as main computer drives, telescope service functions, communications, navigational directional and monitoring controls, and complete regenerative power for the land rover science lab. In short, the batteries provide the power to the computer systems. It is enough power to supply the needs of the satellite for it to operate smoothly. This appears to be in order.”
“The telescope is state-of-the-art measuring 43.5 feet (13.2 meters) and has a main mirror of eight (8) feet in diameter (2.4 meters). It was designed and constructed in 2010.  It is the oldest piece of equipment in the overall design.” 

“The land probe or rover pod is equipped to perform six preprogrammed tests as well as freeform data assimilation and evaluation,” he continued. “The land rover is intact and has never been used.”
          

“As alluded to earlier, the main problem is not with the on-board equipment. It is the second and most expendable power source, the burning fuel and the oxidizer for the propulsion system.  We are most concerned if fuel is still present. There are hybrid thrusters but they do not offer enough power for deep space flight. They are used mainly for course correction.”

“In conclusion, Mr. Bernard, we hope it is understood this will be the first landing attempt of its kind in history.”
The shuffling of people typing and writing filled the conference room as cameras flashed one after another.
Silence fell as you could hear a pin drop in the hall when the next question from a reporter for Quasar Magazine was aired, “Do you expect to find life on MIA-911?”
Heath paused a moment and responded, “We have not ruled it out as a viable option.  In fact, this is the consortium’s primary purpose.  It was established to prove extraterrestrial life exists.”  With this answer, Heath decided to end the press conference and wished all those in attendance well as he made his exit.


Chapter 5 Reanimation of the Skyview Lab

Although the Skyview was old, it was sound technology designed to withstand the rigors of deep space.  The probe was a mass of circuitry in which electricity flowed through literal miles of intricately connected wiring, not unlike blood flows through veins.

In space, it was one of the most animated objects to be found, second only to the power display of some distant sun when it is a supernova.
It possessed almost a spiritual aura made more evident by the barrenness of space.  This was the main computer controlling multiple scanners and sensors as they constantly accumulating data, updating its knowledge base.  This is how the Skyview should function when it was indeed completely functional in lifeless oblivion.


Back on the earth, the control room at ADSC headquarters was a magnificent tool of years in the making. The activities conducted in this room were responsible for much of man’s most recent and most valuable recorded knowledge of the universe.
The system operated on its own power grid.  It did not use archaic lenses to view the happenings of some distant world.  The control room data flow was connected to a series of 25 interstellar antennae each using advanced laser technology.  The data transfer made with laser provided cutting edge technology provided exact digital reproduction of any area in space being observed. It was more accurate than the human eye.


Each station was designed to serve as a user-friendly finger on the hand of the hub.  Each with its own function in defining the portal to the stars and each provided a unique accent of information.

In total 24 service stations were separate with diverse functions ranging from course tracking, object size evaluation or atmospheric condition evaluation. The data from each station was available in an instant when processed through the supercomputer.
To round out the control room’s stations, ‘Terminal One’ was the name given to the overseer of all operations. It was the only desk station with a name. This main control desk was augmented by a communications link station.
When a planned study was underway, it was viewed and followed on the massive view screen at the front of the room. Laser transmitted data provided pixel perfect quality of even the smallest body in space.
The team of astrophysicists filed in and took up a position at their respective stations. They all began a unified effort in attaining the goal and immediately began work on the matter at hand. Stage One was underway!
Everyone in the Oklahoma Control Room of ADSC was well aware of the consequences and the chance the plan could result in a disaster if Skyview remained inoperative. If the satellite could not be moved to join MIA-911 then the whole plan would be a waste as nothing would be achieved that had not already been done before. 
Anyone could just look but scientific study required evaluation of gathered evidence and facts.
“Do we have all preliminary checks underway?” asked Heath as he was the last to enter not expecting an answer but anticipating results.
The final agreed-upon scenario with the best chance of success possible was to utilize a single boosted signal of a frequency known to have been used earlier by Skyview before it went silent.
With modern bounce technology, piggy-backed audio data signals could be sent great distances are a short time, thus reducing the light-year barrier to only minutes.  If the deep space probe fixed in on the signal, as it would be the only one it could receive, then the team hoped this would be enough to trigger the on-board main computer’s start sequence.  It was an attempt to reboot Skyview.  This would only be possible if Skyview had remained in a stable sleep state or standby mode.


From the main desk at the head of the control room, Bob Miller the engineer in charge made the assertion, “Okay, all preliminary checks are complete, and all systems are showing green. The mainboard is clear.  We are ‘go’ for uplink to ground transponder antennae.” He constantly checked his station’s data to make immediate mission status evaluations.

“All ground units responding in the green,” he added now speaking directly to Heath, “Ready on your mark to send booster signal to Skyview some twenty light-years in the Sagittarius.”
“On my mark,” responded Heath, “In three (3)...two (2)...one (1)...mark, send signal!”
Pressing the send button on the mark, Miller then amplified the frequency power. “Signal sent on frequency K2900 Mgh (Megahertz) high end to Skyview at 9:44 Central Standard Time (CST). We are now T plus thirty seconds into the mission,” noted Miller as a matter of record.
Moments later Miller again gave an update, “T plus one minute and 23 seconds into the mission. We still have radio silence.  No response from Skyview.”


In the far off distance of space, Skyview appeared as dead as the crypt of darkness that surrounded it. Then suddenly a weak series of yellow, red and green lights flickered on and then went out.  

Once again the flash of the green light was to be seen on the side of the frame of the satellite probe. At first, the flash was dim at first. Then it grew ever stronger and stronger in its intensity until it burned brightly, constant and unimpeded.
Simultaneously the communications station back in Oklahoma was surprised by an alert. “We are receiving a data bundle from an as of yet unidentified, no directional sender.  Contents of the bundle are also unknown as it is of unknown origin.  It could be the Skyview and it appears to be audio format in nature,” said the technician monitoring the station.

“Can you playback the information?” asked Heath.
“As soon as the download is complete, and away we go...” confirmed the communications technician as he transferred the data to the mainboard.
“Hello. With whom do I have the pleasure of speaking,” came a feminine voice over the loudspeaker in the control room.
Shocked by what had just transpired, Heath asked in a dumbfounded tone of his team, “What am I hearing?”

Chapter 6 Chatting with Skyview


Everyone heard the tape and were all equally confused by the message.  Their doubts would soon be put aside and the confusion replaced with logic, artificial logic.

The communications station again checked in. It was reported a live feed was being established.
“I can’t explain it but there seems to be someone on board Skyview. I know it sounds crazy, but I cannot trace bio signs.  We are not equipped to do that,” reported the communications man.

"Get a grip man! You realize you are talking about an unmanned probe, don’t you?" asked Heath rhetorically of his communications man.
From the main desk in the control room came additional information. “It is now certain.  Skyview’s systems are all turning on. One after another is activating,” announced Miller. “I am getting telemetry. It is coming in clearly and we can get a good fix on her.”  He stressed the use of the feminine pronoun as he shouted out his finding.

“What about the live stream? I want to know what is going on,” demanded Heath.
“We are now receiving the stream. I will put it on speaker,” said the man stationed at the communications station now a bit more stable in his approach.
The screen was blank as no video image was present. Almost in an instant, the voice was again heard over the speaker.
“Hello again. It is rude not to speak up and introduce yourself. I am the Skyview. I know you can hear me.  Please answer me. It has been some time since I have talked with anyone. Please respond,” spoke the same feminine voice as the one logged on the first taped message.  This time however it was in real-time.

“Well, that settles it.  We are not talking to a human and there is no one really on Skyview, at least no one in the flesh,” added Miller shrouding the vague and nebulous situation in an element of mystery.  The statement was greeted with a mix of awe and relief from the others in the control room. Heath still did not know what to make of it. He was an eternal skeptic.

"What then is this," he asked in an increasingly heated tone.
“It appears Skyview has a brain,” asserted Miller, “It is Skyview’s artificial intelligence (AI) or its positronic brain which we have made contact with. It correlates directly to an increased data flow on the Skyview systems panel.”
“Oh now I see,” said Heath in a complacent tone of acquiescence.
“We would like to welcome you back Skyview. My name is James Thomas Heath.  We are glad to see you are responding well,” he said this time directing his statement in the microphone as he almost appeared to be trying to win the trust of the machine listening on the other end.

“Will Skyview hear that?” asked Heath of his team. No sooner as he completes his question did Skyview respond in kind.
“I am pleased to meet you, Mr. Heath. All my systems are functioning. I suppose I have you to thank for the honor of being rejuvenated.  It is a wonderful feeling to be fully active again.  How long has it been?” asked Skyview obviously uncertain of how much time has passed since its systems went offline.  “My data bank shows a blank.  It frightens me.  There is only a mere reference to some minor failure followed by the log entry of the shutdown, but no timeframe.”

“You have been out of commission for thirty years. We have found the shutdown occurred because of a major solar storm that caused a massive power surge to your circuits” responded Heath in an effort to update Skyview’s understanding of its own present status.
He was now carrying on a conversation with the science lab as he would with any normal person.
“So long,” she said almost as if awakening from a dream, “I must admit my universal location telemetry is showing that I have come a long way. Frankly, I do not remember any of it.”
“If you wish I am able to send images to better orient you with my present location. It is beautiful out here.  I have a very clear view of the star cluster Messier 54 if it is to your liking,” noted the Skyview unit.

 “Oh, I am feeling a bit sluggish. My system functions are still slow.  I must recharge by deploying my solar panels,” added the talking space laboratory.

“If you would be so kind as to photograph your location, we would certainly be interested,” interjected Heath.
“I will do the best I can. It is a long way away from where I should be. I hope the photo will help you determine my exact location. I am willing to cooperate, so you can help me. My orientation is a bit shaken. It must have been as a result of the storm you mentioned,” she responded.
“I am noticing changes to other portions of my programming,” she added, “It does offer advantages and disadvantages, as some of my priorities have changed or been altered.”


Chapter 7 Making a Deal with Skyview’s Artificial Intelligence


It soon became evident Skyview was a man of his word or woman of her word.  The on-board computer had activated the satellite’s solar panels and the entire system, stern to bow, began to recharge.

The solar arms extended from both sides of the frame of the main body and the available sun provided enough power in the form of converted electricity.  

It was not that Skyview was in orbit around a fixed star, but the nearest solar source ÓSgr (Kaus Media) was enough.
“Are you feeling better?” queried Heath.
“Yes, much,” answered Skyview.
As the satellite charged it was unable to conduct any form of additional function.
“How long do you require to be fully charged,” asked Heath?
“Oh, just under three hours,” she answered, “Maybe less.”
Heath was cautiously optimistic. After all, the $9.4 million systems were now operational. He was still interested in the main burn cells. “Can you examine your fuel cells while charging, not the solar batteries but the propellant fuel?” inquired Heath.
“Yes, why do you ask me this? Are we going somewhere? I hope so.”
“Now let me see.  The fuel and oxidizer show a reduction by forty percent,” answered Skyview, “Judging from my distance meter I can go a good way on sixty percent fuel before I must rely on simple battery propulsion.  Deep space is my playground, at least as long as the fuel holds out,” responded Skyview almost as if she were attempting to make a joke.

“This is great news. Now you just sit tight and take all the time you need to recharge your batteries.  I just might have an idea that may interest you.  I have a task for you,” he said.

“That is exciting.  Don’t tell me until I am fully reloaded. A girl must be at her best when being offered something by a man,” she responded in a somewhat sultry tone.

By now Heath had developed a type of personal relationship with the Skyview unit.  It was a bit one-sided, mostly on his side of the universe, but he felt as if he had befriended someone.  Not only that, he had somehow managed to convince himself to ignore the fact that Skyview was a machine and not a real woman.

Out of completely egoistic grounds, he even deduced she would most likely feel the same and accept him as a friend.

In reality, his logic was not entirely false.  The artificial intelligence program regularly evaluated each contact and learned from the new ‘experience’ data.  The ‘personality’ of the machine geometrically developed and matured as the data volume grew.  It was not unlike a small child learning something for the first time.

Heath had left the control room and passed the word a think tank session would be conducted in Seminar Room A.  The entire team was expected to attend, especially those with the knowledge of how the Skyview could be used.

As he entered the room, he was greeted by a standing ovation of applause.  The scientific team was tired from the grueling stressful pace of the mission but revived by its well-deserved success.  It was a case of exceeding the expectations of the scientific challenges and the knowledge of assuredness in the results.


They were all enthusiastic to continue to the next stage of the plan. Stage Two was the flight and rendezvous with the rogue planet by Skyview.  The certainty of satisfactory completion of the next phase was in the air to feel, but the window of opportunity must be exactly calculated to achieve eventual low orbit.

The team's confidence in Heath had exponentially increased.  The scientists all knew the feasibility of the flight of the Skyview was no longer just a pipedream but now a reality.

 “Dear me!" he said emotionally, moved by the applause as he entered the room. He waited for it to die down, “I am overwhelmed by this team’s motivation, and I consider myself lucky to have you all to thank for it. Thank you all for your efforts,” he said praising the work thus far and the endeavors put forth by his men.  The approximate 25 scientists in the room again were again themselves ready to go on with the mission. In addition, a few impartial bystanders were also present. The second-party observers were not so convinced and know were impressed, unlike Heath.


Heath was sure his team would stand behind him. As was always the case, he was the master of the media and although the general public may have been swayed or blandished into believing in his dreams, he still did have critics. There were even some that hated his brash arrogance.
For example, also present among the journalists at the open forum was the honorable Congressman Marvin Stanton. All through the press conference, Stanton had shaken his head in utter disbelief, refusing to accept the claims of the scientist millionaire.
Stanton tolerated the Consortium’s presence in a constituency largely made up of conservative religious men and women. It was clearly the revenues brought in by the researchers that held him in check from closing it down. Unusual was the only way to describe it, as a study-research project normally had to beg for money to continue its work. 
   

Many of Stanton’s supporters were fervent believers in the spirituality of mankind and fervently believed what Heath was doing was nothing less than blasphemy.
For them, to look into the darkness of space for life was absurd! In other words, he was a scientific heretic. Heath was aware of this faction and hoped this opportunity would release him from their constant annoyance.

As James Thomas left Seminar Room A, he was confronted by Congressman Stanton.  Heath was surprised Stanton was still lingering about after the open forum had already concluded.  He met him standing alone in the hallway.

“Off the record, what is it you hope to find. What are you trying to achieve this time?” inquired Stanton in a demeaning tone.
Heath just smiled and looked at the politician saying, “I am looking for space destiny. Call it destiny.”
“Space destiny,” said the Congressman not hesitate to respond, “I thought that was the part when everything up there begins to fall out of the sky and lands on our heads.” Stanton held his hands together behind his back and added, “I would wish for you something but I do not know what I should wish for, maybe more space junk.” 
Heath made no attempt to make eye contact as he continued on his way out saying as he looked over his shoulder to Stanton, “Just think of the money Congressman. Don’t worry about the junk part, it is all much too far away to land on our heads. Concentrate on the money.”
“Then I pity the poor aliens,” retorted Stanton not sure if Heath heard his comment.
Heath was paying attention. He repeated, “Just think of the money.”  For the first time in their relationship, both men simultaneously had their heads in the clouds.


When self-admonishing politics are added to secular science, something will be destroyed in the process or a war would break out.

If a third ingredient is added to the other two, then the results are catastrophic.  The other of man’s tandems of nebulous knowledge is religion.  The three together are a very dangerous mix.  It can be said it fits the description of the so-called apocalypse.

This seems to be accurate as religion has the power when standing alone to destroy the entire universe. Maybe this is justified, as many maintain a belief in the universe as being the construction of God. For Heath, it was a simple question of really just dollars and sense. He had already calculated the film rights to the story behind MIA-911.  The title would be “The God
 Find Planet,” or something similar.“Even the most popular actors would be begging for the role,” he thought.  He envisioned Landro Merzarik, the most renowned film entertainer, playing him as the film’s lead male role.  He had not decided on who should play his wife as she had only a bit part anyway.

The movie would achieve eventual cult status, but more important would be the enormous royalties. He was certain it would be an overnight success with lines around the corner to get into to view it.

Chapter 8 Establishing Mission Control for Finding Proof

It had all gone so far very well. Even with the element of chance as the evil joker working against success, Skyview had responded well to the new digital data.  Its main processor seemed to adapt easily and updated with equal ease.  This was credited to its artificial intelligence, one factor the scientists did not expect but were very relieved it was in place.

The more Skyview was able to think and evaluate data on its own, the less thinking was required by the ground team.
One of the team’s experts on deep space flight, John Rader spoke up.
“I think everyone here is aware of my qualifications.  I have studied the possibilities offered by Skyview’s technology.  If my calculations are correct, I will be able to offer a completed flight plan for the Skyview,” he said, “With your permission, Mr. Heath.”

Heath responded by extending a hand to Rader and stepped down from the podium where he was addressing his team.  Rader stood up and exchanged places with the boss.

He plugged in a few media connections and enabled the viewing screen at the front of the seminar room. He began the briefing, using an electronic pointer, Rader displayed the present position of MIA-911 on a monitor.  

“We know the planet’s location in relation to earth and Sagittarius. Now notice the difference in distance between MIA and the Skyview,” he continued as he pressed a button on his electronic pointer device and now showed the location of the floating laboratory.
 "As you can see, the distance between the two objects is relatively short.  This window of opportunity will not remain to our advantage.  At present evaluation, in normal flight, the Skyview is not more than 72 hours away from crossing or intersecting the path of the planet.  You have probably heard this as a rumor in one version or another, but it is a fact,” asserted Rader.

“Plotting the direction of travel of the planet and the course needed to achieve entry into low-level orbit with the Skyview, my think tank group has stored the flight plan on the main computer.  It is now just a matter of approval.”

“We plan to use the on-board instrumentation and propulsion systems to undertake a sustained three minute full main engine burn.  Course and trajectory corrections will be left up to the Skyview.”

“At the end of this burn, the acceleration of the Skyview will achieve a high speed of 25,000 miles per hour.  With the acceleration rate in mind, we have estimated rendezvous with MIA-911 in three solar days.”

“It cannot be emphasized strongly enough, a window of opportunity is slight and proper trajectory must be adhered to prevent bounce off. Any deviation from the flight plan could end the mission before it begins.”
“There is no doubt the Skyview will fly and no doubt it will reach the planet,” he concluded.
“It is decided then. We must adapt the control room and turn it into our mission control.  Each station will be responsible for a specific area of each of Skyview’s systems.  The constant monitoring of all the systems on Skyview will provide for conformity in the mission’s progress. Although we have never before attempted such a challenge like this, I have faith in each of your professional abilities,” admonished Heath as the plan called for a major prerequisite change in the mode of operations.

Heath looked over the room and saw into the heart of his team.  He stood up and was impressed at what he had just heard.  "We are a go for the flight of Skyview on its ‘Mission of Discovery,’" he proclaimed confidently to those sitting in the room. “I think Mr. Miller and Mr. Rader have a job to do.”

“The next time we all meet will be in mission control."

All the preparations and alterations were soon underway.  Now all that was left was to wait for Skyview to complete the recharge procedure.


Chapter 9 Planning Rendezvous with MIA-911


In a final checklist of the proposed burn and what systems would be needed, Miller and Rader were given the task of bringing Skyview up to flight-ready status.  The two complimented each other nicely in the efforts to understand the satellite’s instruments.

Bob Miller was the engineer and primarily concerned with the schematics of the main engine and thrusters.  He reviewed Skyview’s computer systems to ensure adequate orchestration and multitasking so the workflow of data could be smoothly processed.

The navigational part of the preplanning was left up to John Rader, whose expertise was deep space flight. He reviewed all the navigational possibilities in order to map out a comprehensive flight plan.  The on-board directional telemetry must be programmed to exact specifications to achieve the proper so-called ‘window of opportunity’ for the rendezvous with MIA-911.  The circumstance of failure must be considered and eliminated through the precise calculation in real space-time. 

In addition, the on-board space charts were slightly incomplete as a result of the passage of time.  The outdated information must be replaced with up-to-date material. 

          

A type of failsafe system would be utilized which primarily involved the thrusters or retrorockets of the Skyview.  The use of these propulsion units was reserved for course correction, a vital part of the formula’s success quotient.

This flight could not be compared to the maiden voyage.  After separation from the launch stage, Skyview relied on its main engine for speed in space.

The fuel level of Skyview was now found to be approximately two-thirds full.
Both men realized the maiden trip did not have as many complications as what they were planning to do.
In the space into which Skyview was originally launched, the main concern was to keep the satellite well out of range of the threat of being attracted by another planet’s gravitational attraction.
This was still the case in the new mission. This did not require much attention to detail as there is more open area than places where the Skyview could ‘run aground’ by being held in place by an unwished or unexpected gravity force.  Although it was unlikely to present a problem, it could not be disregarded.

          

The most notable difference was the fuel expenditures necessary to complete the new flight.  The engines, both main and reserve thrusters, had not been in service for quite some time.  A spontaneous burn would require proportionally much more fuel consumption than the planned first firing of the engines to achieve desired acceleration. 

As was the case on the original flight, the Skyview was ‘primed’ for its first journey when it was launched. This was not so in the new flight model and not even considered as a feasible option. 
Sagittarius was notorious for the unexpected.  Even the expected was difficult to anticipate when planning a flight of this type.  New finds in this constellation were oft and numerous.

Rader was aware of the obstacles facing him and decided to plan a zigzag course to assure safety in mission integrity.  This flight motion would reduce collision odds with some unknown star.  

The last thing to be considered being the planet MIA-911 itself.  The size relative to earth would proportionately distribute a gravity field.  So in simple terms, the planet would offer gravity much less than the earth, but at the same time enough to present a problem.  Based on its much smaller size, it was estimated the gravity intensity of MIA-911 would be 1/10th that of earth.

The final approach was an elliptical entry course enabling Skyview to slide into low orbit.  

Arriving at a mutual understanding, both men agreed the single burn of three (3) minutes along deliberate telemetry would thrust Skyview into space at a speed of 250,000 miles per hour (2,000,000 kilometers per hour).  All that was left was to test the numbers, but there would be no time to test.  The test would be if the actual flight succeeded.  Preparations were complete.

After three hours of silence, Skyview reported back.  “This is Skyview to anyone listening on this frequency. I have now full battery power and have completed the necessary recharging procedure successfully...” was the message.  It was repeated to an empty, or near-empty hall. Heath had left one sentry on the radio watch to maintain surveillance, but the sentry had fallen asleep as he was unable to hear the message.  His head rested on his arm extending over the desk at which he was now asleep.

Finally roused by the message’s repetition, he quickly jumped to attention and immediately contacted JT.
Following successful completion of the recharge, the space lab’s solar panel arms were again retracted.  The satellite-lab now looked more like a rocket to the stars, configured for flight.

Heath entered the control room after a short rest in his office following the seminar think tank.  He was informed Skyview was again ‘awake’.

He spoke directly to Skyview saying, “We have a job for you.  Are you prepared to take a trip?” he asked.

“Yes I am,” responded Skyview.
“Good. The necessary information is underway for you.  Please copy the data directly into your flight system,” he added. Skyview complied by showing a green light as it accepted the information from mission control.

  

Chapter 10 the Flight


Skyview had the sun, Kaus Minor, to thank for the electric solar power battery power.  Even if the rocket fuel was completely depleted by the flight, all the science team would have to do is to get the satellite in orbit and the solar hybrid thrusters would supply enough energy for thrust to stabilize the space laboratory in a secure stationary path preventing it from crashing into the surface of MIA-911.

The data transfer was now complete and Skyview was ready for the flight with the new updates to its on-board matrix.  The coordinates for the course it was to take were confirmed by the on-board navigation computer.  All was ready for the burn to commence.

Once Heath was in position behind the main Terminal One operated by Miller, he announced a two minute final check of all systems before the firing of Skyview’s engine.
As was the case, the Miller and Rader Flight plan was organized in a constant, almost zig-zag series of movements through deep space, specifically outside the constellation Sagittarius.  The satellite was scheduled to travel 1/3rd of the length of the Archer’s star group, passing in a safe distance of any problems with other planetary bodies gravitational force.

Miller looked over his shoulder at Heath and motioned to him with a show of his hand’s five fingers the final countdown was about to begin. Ten seconds for each finger was allocated, fifty seconds in all.

The countdown began with Miller sounding off “T minus fifty seconds and counting...”
The anticipation grew in mission control as the last ten seconds were nearing the countdown’s end.  Miller called the last five out in descending sequence. “T minus five (5)...four (4)...three (3)...two (2)...one (1). We have ignition!  The burn on Skyview is now underway, and all firing systems showing green. The speed of Skyview is accelerating rapidly,” he confirmed as he looked at his station’s information. 

Stage Two of the mission had now been implemented without a hitch.  The craft, housing the valuable tools needed for the exploration of the new world, was moving through space at an incredible speed.  Passing by known stars of the galaxy as if it made the journey every day, Skyview’s cameras gave picture-perfect accounts of the scenes in space.  

The photographic material supplied a plethora of visual evidence of never before so finely detailed information on the Sagittarius constellation.
The control room or mission control was constantly employing the marvelous telescope to provide close up imagery of major points of interest along its path.
It would prove to be an eventful three day’s journey. 
         

Kaus Australis, Delta Sagitari and Kaus Borealis were all in focus. This heavily studied constellation of the zodiac was seen in its complete magnificence for the first time since its discovery by Ptolemy.  The red star of Antares and the Omega Nebula (Messier 17) danced on the heavens in unmatched beauty and performance.

The images offered a strange sense of peace.  It was the silence of space preserved by the photographic record along with its sheer beauty that promulgated a feeling of serenity.  It dwarfed a man’s soul.

Distant objects 350 to 5,000 light-years away from earth appeared as if they were neighbors to the blue planet, the third planet away from sol. They seemed to be right before the eyes of man, a vantage point only the gods had the luxury to enjoy.
And blue was the color of the definition.  On the last day of the flight, Skyview’s telescope focused in on its final destination.  The planet MIA-911 was clearly visible and it like the earth radiated a similar blue hue. As Skyview came closer and closer to the rogue, telescopic images showed the planet as it traveled alone in deep space.

Nearing the planet MIA-911, it soon became increasingly imperative to control the Skyview’s space drift.  Repeated retro firings forced the satellite to maintain a well-oriented controlled approach. This was vitally necessary in order to achieve proper orbit around the rogue.

The window of opportunity was now closing and the navigational movements must be precise to enable the satellite to enter into orbit at the desired point.  With each passing mile, although the gravitational pull of the planet was not strong, the threat of bounce back geometrically increased.

As planned, Skyview was to achieve a low atmosphere geostationary orbit. The telemetry of this coordinated action required exact data update minute by minute between the main computer on the satellite and mission control.
All the while, photos came in showing the surface of the planet to be void of activity.
Heath and his team were hoping to establish stable conditions for the deep space vessel which would enable the advancement to the final stage of the ‘Mission of Discovery’. If successful, the deployment and eventual landing of the rover would be now well within grasp.
“All retro-rockets have engaged.  Reverse thrust has slowed the Skyview’s approach to MIA-911 and the entry point is on the mark,” announced Miller.

“Telemetry shows no problems, but the rocket fuel has been reduced as expected.  At present, this should not present a problem as there is sufficient fuel remaining to maintain a stable orbit.  Stage Three is set to commence as planned,” he added.

Upon hearing Miller’s words, a sign of relief was to be noticed among the team’s members.  They all realized their efforts had not been in vain. It was solidified as in the next minutes the Skyview reported back to the mission control “a stable orbit was finalized”.


Chapter 11 Landing on the Distant World, the Final Stage

What they found and were sure of.

As preparations had all been preprogrammed, the opening of the belly of the beast was next on the agenda.  Skyview’s under portion bay doors opened and the encased rover was released.

The land rover was contained in a sort of pea pod ball.  This ball would serve as a cushion upon impact on the surface of the planet.  The low orbit was enough to ensure the rover would reach the surface when considering the thin atmosphere of MIA-911.  

Gravity would attract the rover unit to the surface and little effort was required by the scientists.  The satellite laboratory was on autopilot.  It had again extended the solar panels that kept the batteries at full capacity.

The main computer was now running the show. 
    

When the pod touched down, it would self-open to allow for the correct level evacuation of the rover vehicle.
All went well as expected.
In mission control, the team awaited the moment of touchdown with bated breath.  The news coverage of the event was quite extensive and live images from the control room were on every media channel.

There was very little for the team to do. Everything was automated and the little added by Miller and Rader was copied programs now a part of the main nautical computers on the deep space science lab. 
Updates came in a variety of manners at a variety of mission control stations.
After bouncing to a halt, the pod casing exploded as air valves forced pressure to rip the skin shielding away.
The rover exited from the pod-like a newborn baby.  It immediately began to examine its new home environment.

Cheers from all in mission control and those viewing the event range out like a bell tower’s clang, only this one was heard around the world from twenty light-years away!
First, to find ‘air’ was the automated start point of the mission.  Surprisingly, the contents detected in the air were breathable.  Nitrogen, hydrogen, and oxygen were all found in normal proportions. Early indications showed there was another strange gas present.  It was a mild methane type compound and could only form when the planet’s temperature conditions were conducive.

In its solid state, the compound formed a crystalline substance.
The soil sample was the first real test priority. The agile maneuver to locate a suitable site was no problem for Skyview’s mobile ground laboratory.
Moving along a straight linear path, the rover’s complex corrugated metal wheels left the first trace of any activity behind.  It was the probable first movement, not caused by the natural environment and if not the first overall then the first to occur in quite some time.

Each of the wheels, eight in all, left imprints in the ground as it rolled along.  Ending it search, it came to a halt in a random fashion.

     

           

Sand covered the terrain, indicating the area where the vehicle landed had once been a part of some primordial seabed. The surface of the planet was barren of all plants. No sign of life made itself visible to the land pod, which had begun testing immediately.
Water was plentiful but none was potable.  It was better defined as fluid and not water.  It could not be compared to water on earth.  It contained a much higher salt content and a variety of acid substances rendering it almost a poison.  It was obvious nothing could survive in the milky brew.

The salt content offered one advantage. It increased the freezing temperature preventing an overabundant amount of ice from forming.  Added to the fact the planet’s atmosphere was almost non-existent, the ‘water’ remained in the same location, stagnant without much change which normally would be caused by precipitation.

The excavation presented no problem for the rover’s drill to attain an adequate core section for the soil test. The firmament where it had stopped was not hardened by time.  The drill unit deployed and quickly reached a negotiable sample in the ground under the vehicle.

A mechanical arm reached out and pocketed the core for carbon dating.  The surface soil was enough to provide a relative estimation of the actual age of MIA-911.

All the while, the mounted camera system was documenting each step of the testing procedure. The photos were automatically processed and reviewed.
In the visual record, a multitude of ores predominated the basin, but the rover’s camera’s locked onto something out of the ordinary.
At first, the rover data could not make a match to identify what it had found. The only reason it was attractive was the fact the rover could rule out the substance was not an ore, but it was a pure metal.
Texture recognition was the method used to identify the article.  It was soon verified not to be a metal ore, as should be the case, but a smelted copper by-product. Another benchmark was the obvious symmetry of the item. 

After collecting all the facts, it was determined the article was a tablet copper plate of sorts with a 96 percent probability of being forged by hand.

What they found and were not sure of.

As the ‘blue’ aura surrounding the planet had faded as the rover first touched down, the atmosphere in the control room was now almost as dry as the atmosphere on the planet. It was so, in a relative way, but all things considered everyone involved was still satisfied with the results.

It was certainly unexpected, to say the least.  In part, much of the planet’s true characteristics had gone relatively unnoticed or misconstrued. The new findings and now the artifact was not anticipated so soon chronologically one after another.       

The events as they transpired had taken everyone by surprise.  


MIA-911 for all intent and purpose was a textbook arrested planet. Nothing could be confirmed until Skyview’s tests were complete as the educated guessing about MIA-911 needed to be updated with hard factual results, but there were no signs of development.  Guessing is not the best course of action in scientific evaluation. 

At first glance, the planet was really blue as seen from a distance, but the comparisons made to the earth ended there.  

Upon the Skyview’s approach, the first close-up images showed clearly the blue hue of MIA-911.  With the realization of the present state of the planet, although appearing earth-like, it had long since abandoned its favorable environment to sustain life, if one had ever existed.


The landmass was about three to one in favor of land rather than water. The oceans of MIA-911 were filled with the chemical mix.  

Close examination of the facts by the research team would require they amend their original theories.
The landmass theory was now being the only visible evidence of credence which still held up to scrutiny.
For example, the original presupposition regarding it as a similar to earth must be drastically modified. It was first thought to possess the same characteristics as those on the earth, but this view was quickly dismissed after tests on the surface proved otherwise. Although much of the planet’s attributes did recall to mind historical similarities with the earth, such as the early age or era comparisons. 
For the most part, the planet’s stagnant state made it difficult to develop. There was not much evidence allowing for a daring proposal of a twin planet theory without an exact timeline.  The timeline needed to be the one preceding the advent of life as it is known and accepted.  There was no evidence if living biological proof.

On the other hand, it was perfectly logical to theorize the planet was once a copy of the earth in the distant past.  This, however, would have been a very long time ago. Estimates supporting the idea ranged between thirty million and one hundred.

The moment was one of awe and amazement. The science research team had done what it had set out to do. A scientific first in astrophysics and astronomy was a merited achievement. There was a buzz in the air, one of hard work paying off.
None of the team’s members were disappointed, and most were busy congratulating the other for the accomplishment.   


It would be a while before Skyview had any conclusive results for mission control personnel.  It did, however, have a good collection of photographs.  The voyage through Sagittarius was extraordinary, but the artifact changed the universal realm of knowledge.

As was the case, the telescope served to verify the camera’s results made by the land unit. The record of the deep space flight preserved in eternal panoramic digital quality was history but the mission was now focused on the surface activities of the rover.
Fifteen cameras mounted on the land vehicle clicked off one piece of visual evidence after another. The images presented detailed documentation of the facts. These photographs were speeding on their way to mission control.  

The first bundle arrived in the control room.  They documented the safe landing and deployment of the rover. The procedure of sorting Skyview’s data signal had become standard procedure for Heath’s team.

The station man in charge of digital images let the rest of his colleagues know he was ready to distribute the images on the main view screen.  It was the first group from the lander and everyone was alive with anticipation.

One photo after another began to appear on the monitor as the live feed was temporarily interrupted.  There were 48 images in all.


Heath was the first to notice something strange in the photos.  A green light seemed to be showing across some of the pictures.

“What do you make of the green field in some of the photos?” he asked Miller.
“I think it looks like one of the scanner units on the rover has self-activated.  At least, this appears to be what my incoming data indicates,” he answered.

“How did a scanner just ‘activate’?  Correct me if I am wrong, but they are motion-activated,” retorted Heath, “Is something moving on the surface?”

“No, it was not a movement that activated the scanner's sensor.  It was an element, an element which Skyview says should not have been there,” answered Miller as he confirmed the incident.

“I believe Image 48 shows the item in question,” he added.
“Can you enlarge Image 48?” asked Heath.
The station’s desk man immediately blew the image up.
The only thing in the image visible to be out of place was the metal plate or tablet. 
“Well it is obviously a piece of metal,” affirmed Heath, “Could it have broken off from the Skyview?”
 “No, not possible,” answered Miller, “There are no components of this nature in the schematics. I just checked. Skyview activated because the tablet is almost pure copper and not a raw ore.  For this reason, it was deemed an oddity by Skyview requiring its attention.  The computer does not lie.  This thing, whatever it is, was there when the rover touched down.”


The main thing the scientists faced with the newly found artifact was to determine how it got there.  There was something the rover failed to notice.  Embossed letters on the surface of the object appeared in some unknown language and appeared to contain some intended intelligent meaning.

It was more than just an ornamental item. 

One of the team member’s while staring at the picture made the revelation. Something stared back at him and he knew there was something else to be considered.
“Do you see what I see,” he asked his fellow group members, “What are those dark areas on the tablet?”
Another team member who had made a similar observation answered, “It looks like some form of writing, embossed lettering.  I think it is Greek,” he said.

Heath and Miller concurred.  There was a definitely written message on the copper tablet.  The obvious strange art of writing coupled with the obvious quality of metal workmanship both dumbfounded and astounded the group.

The facts as they now stood indicated something or someone had been busy on MIA-911 long before the arrival of Skyview.  It was the discovery of the century!


Chapter 12 At Home with the Wife as News Travels Fast


“Hi honey, it’s me. I’m home,” said Heath as he came through the door of his suburban villa.  He was tired and needed the confirmation of hearing his loving wife’s voice.

“Oh JT I did not expect you. I have been watching the news and you seem to be it.  You have been the only thing on the net,” responded Tammy Heath from the kitchen where she was working on the evening meal. 

Wiping her hands in a rag, she was now moving quickly to join her husband in the foyer where he was putting up his overcoat on the rack.
 “You have made history!  They are all saying you are the father of the first find of proof of life in deep space,” she said proudly excited by her husband’s work.

“Really, is that what they are saying?” he responded questioning the validity of the new moniker, “So be it. I guess it is still a free press but we did not make any announcement to give them that idea.
They have jumped a bit too far ahead. We have not said that we found life. We said we will be looking for it. I guess it is the artifact. How did they get wind of it?" he wondered.
“Let me help you with your things. You must be exhausted,” said Tammy greeting him with a kiss.
“JT you and your team have made history,” she repeated,
“What you have found will live on long after the simple notion of life in the universe can exist. You have proved there is someone or something out there,” she said.
“Yes love we have proven there is someone else out there, but it is not what they think it is!” he exclaimed. “We are still not sure.”
“How so?  You do not have anything to lie about. You are not the one who covers things up to make it all look normal,” she asserted,

“Nope, I have been true to my word and upfront with people. For the most part, it is all true. I would prefer I was the one making the announcement and not just rumor,” he responded still surprised by the fact his wife already was informed about the artifact.

“For the most part, what is it you are trying to say JT?” she asked a bit confused by his reluctance to embrace the moment of his greatest victory over a system that has been corrupted by its own agenda.
“I cannot tell them what I think we proved.  We may have proved there is something out there.  Something that has lived throughout the ages. Something like God himself.  I can’t tell them this. They simply would not believe it.  Man tends to kill his idols,” he said in an attempt to shed light on the area which has been obscured by the fervor of the moment.

“Besides we do not have all the facts yet,” he added as an afterthought, “I will wait until we know everything or at least more than we do now.”
“I understand,” she said, “You mean God is the lifeform of the universe. The one you believe to be behind all this?  Everything?  The universe and you have never seen eye to eye I think.”

“Maybe, but don’t worry your pretty head off. Something divine may be a better explanation.  I did not mean to...” he stopped in the middle of his thought, “Anyway I do not know where they get their information.  This ‘secret’ theory will never make the news even if it is staring them right in the eyes.” 

“Besides I can’t prove it one way or the other. It is too vague,” he explained, “Now what’s for dinner? I am starved.”
“Maybe we should think about starting some extraterrestrial life of our own,” she joked.
Not paying attention to Tammy, he asked “What did you want?”  

“Oh, it was just a thought,” she said, trying to avoid a conflict, “and its pork roast.”
“Sounds good. Let’s eat,” he responded.

The day was eventful and Heath fell quickly into a deep sleep.  He was relieved to be lying next to his wife who he had not seen a trace of, and she of him only on the news as the events of the past four days had required his complete energies.

As he was sleeping, he began to dream of the simplicity of his childhood and the freedom of his youth.  This was his psyche trying to remedy the stress he had been under.  This would soon backfire as his dreams turned quickly into nightmares.

He was sure he was home alright, although he thought, "How could this be?" Was it all a nightmare, just a bad dream that he now needs to awake from?

There, in the middle of the amusement park, was a candy stand. A young man gathered together his allowance money. In the dream, Heath was the young boy whose head was always in the stars.  

Scratching at the bottoms of his pockets for every penny, he managed to purchase the item that filled the desire of his eyes. 
It was a large cherry white pinwheel spiral lollypop.  The size of the candy on a stick covered his chin and mouth, only a small portion of his nose could be seen behind the treat as a pair of small eyes stared over the top.

The first lick was the tease of anticipation to the rest of the enjoyment, but something would soon slowly turn the dream sour. 
Ominous darkness engulfed the park and out of the darkness formed a figure in front of the young Heath.  The towering figure was slender in stature but over ten feet tall.

At first, the entity was unclear, as if it were forged out of the dark elements that had somehow begun to dominate the dream state.
It gradually took on a humanoid appearance, and the being developed a thick covering of gray skin. As the creature moved closer to the young boy, it reached for the lollypop.  It appeared to express a need to take the candy and have it for its own.

A pair of deep-set void black eyes fixed their glance on the spiral sugar confection as an incomplete hand reached out in an effort to remove the lollypop from the boy’s grasp.  Guttural tones could be discerned coming from the being.


Tammy upon being aroused from her slumber by her husband’s talking in his sleep, lifted her head from her pillow and looked over at JT.  She was not completely awake as she said to him, “It is just a bad dream James Thomas. You are dreaming. Go back to sleep.” After she said this and still not awake, she returned her head to the pillow falling quickly back to sleep.

In that instant, the dream abruptly ended as Heath woke in his bed full of sweat and shaken by what he thought he had experienced.  Soon he came to the realization it had all been just a dream.


He woke the next day only to dismiss the dream as he was eager to return to the evaluation facility.  He did, however, notice an ever-increasingly annoying inability to separate fantasy from fact.


He must somehow put the bizarre dream out of his mind. The facts were all that mattered, as he tried to prepare himself for the upcoming conference.

Chapter 13 the Artifact Facts


Sagittarius being one of the most explored areas in space has been the proud bearer of many new interplanetary discoveries.  The mere vastness of the constellation extending 750,000 miles from the center to the western tip of the Milky Way is enough to intrigue the imagination.

It came as no surprise to those with knowledge of universal survey such an event of this proportion would happen in this sector.
          

Upon arrival at the consortium, Heath called his men together for a ‘campfire’ session to try to come to a step further.  The supercomputers of the facility had to this point given no conclusive explanation for the copper tablet other than ruling out the language embossed on its surface was not of any Greek language origins.

This was not surprising as the artifact was found on a planet 1/10th the size of the earth and was twenty light-years out in deep space.  Up until this point, however, it was still the best-offered explanation by Heath’s scientists.  Only the computer code evaluation, after a process of now more than thirty hours continuing round the clock, had proved this early theory to be impossible and inaccurate.  This was not much to go on.


“What we know is there is something on MIA-911 that was either left behind by some visiting race or developed on the planet itself.  Both are feasible explanations as we know this tablet of forged copper displays a system of writing with at least eight distinct recurring alphanumeric symbols and it most likely contains some encrypted message.”

“It is also proof positive there exists or has existed an intelligent lifeform responsible for the item of interest” explained Heath as they all attended his own words with the same value they would place in a sterile test result.

Using every imaginable code known to man and some the computer developed spontaneously, nothing could be gained from the obvious, clearly visible written information on the tablet.  It remained an unknown equation in a space grail search of non sequitur meaning for those doing the looking.  The astro scientists were all stumped.


After comparative size measurements, visual inspection showed the object to be approximately 350 cm long by 290 cm high with a depth of not more than eight (8) mm.  It was not unlike a large metal sheet of paper or some form of strange outer space street sign.

On the humorous side, it left much to the imagination in terms of relative traffic conditions on MIA-911.
Initial carbon dating tests run by the Skyview pod indicated an age of between 8,000 to 10,000 years.  In relation to the planet, showing the age of well over 300 million years, the artifact was ‘young’.


Chapter 14 Announcement of the Artifact

“It seems we meet again,” said Heath as he walked into the room and stood at the podium before yet another group of journalists. “As I promised in the original conference meeting, this mission has produced a number of ‘firsts’ in the field of astrophysics and the study of the universe.  First and foremost on today’s agenda, however, I must dispel any rumors going around. This conference is the only official announcement since the new find.”

“I am excited to confirm all three stages of the ‘Mission of Discovery’ has been completed as planned.”
“The results have exceeded our expectations.  Valuable data on the structure and nature of MIA-911 and the planet’s history are now being evaluated.  The tests conducted by Skyview’s landing rover unit are ongoing and providing a very comprehensive understanding of the find event.”

“The nature of the rogue is a blessing to any astrophysicist.  It is a very rare opportunity as if sent by some divine source.  In real terms, MIA-911 has traveled through the vast expanse of deep space.  The orbital path, although not completely understood, is now present in our own galaxy.”

“Even a partial history of this planet’s course will shed new light on the nature of the universe.”
“The most impressive announcement we have at ADSC, the one I am sure you are waiting to hear, is the news about the artifact found on MIA-911. I know somehow there has been leaked information.  This information is not accurate and not the view expressed by our research group.”

“The fact sheet on the item of interest was given to each of you as you came in, so I will not need to discuss the tablet’s physical properties rather I will direct my comments as to its origins and meaning.”

“Before I begin with the theories behind our fact finding, do any of you have any questions?” Heath asked looking over the crowd.

“We have all been aware of MIA-911's past and earth similarities and differences.  Additionally, the talk of the artifact has attracted attention to the age of the planet and the same approximate age of the earth, but the unclear past of the planet must be considered here.  We know the artifact is also similar to items found on archeological digs, do you have proof the creator is one and the same?” asked Patricia Pollen of the New World Order Newsletter.

“Ms. Pollen has asked a very interesting question and it can only be answered by the simple process of scientific protocol.  We are now attempting to decipher the definite writings found embossed on the artifact.  This is the most obvious proof the artifact was crafted by intelligent life.  To say the same race was responsible for the artifacts on MIA-911 and earth is at best an oversight in the protocol,” answered Heath, “We are taking it into consideration, but at present, there are no connecting lines to join the dots.”

“So you are admitting a lifeform was present at some point in time on MIA-911?” she asked in an attempt to clarify the situation. 
“Yes, indications would strongly support this theory,” he answered.
In an attempt to illustrate his point, Heath showed Image 48 on the screen behind the podium.  “Here is the visual proof of the article.  It was photographed by Skyview’s cameras at the time it landed.  Of particular interest is the quadratic forged form of the object, and the scripted lettering.” he noted.

“We believe this item to be some sort of information plate.  It most likely contains information directly related to its inventors.  It is the most difficult task of interpretation without knowing the language the message is written in.  The supercomputer at our facility has been trying to determine a pattern of meaning, and the ultimate goal would be of course to gain an understanding of the written language,” he added.

“We do not wish to discuss issues of supposition at this time. It serves little use to jump to conclusions without facts. All we can do now is hope the solution is found through computer analysis.  We will wait for the results.  This does not detract from the enormous significance of the find of the artifact tablet on MIA-911,” concluded Heath, “Thank you for your attention.”










Chapter 15 Tel Aviv Reports In

Dismayed and unsatisfied with the results of his great synthetic computer minds and the thin theories proposed by the living, Heath took a brief pause from the control room and sought the solace of his private office.
Searching for clues on the worldwide net, he stumbled across a unique find.  Buried deep in the archived material for archeological research of dig sites of the Holy Land, one particular article caught his attention.

It was a recollection of the early year 2000's find of eight copper scrolls of somewhat poor preserved quality.  The fact the scrolls could contain negotiable information had amazed Heath.  As he pulled the

Old internet photos of the artifacts up on his screen, it was not to dismiss the definite similarity with the MIA-911 tablet.
His interest grew to one of ecstatic uncontrollable inquiry, as he searched frantically for other source material on the same subject.  To his astonishment, a plethora of articles, photographs and documentary information filled the search field of the computer screen.

As he was about to change the website to delve further into the subject material, the visual conference telephone in his office was announcing an incoming call.
Heath unwillingly answered and allowed the caller to identify himself.

“My name is Yitzhak Goodbee,” professor of linguistics at Tel Aviv University. “I have been following with avid interest in the recent findings of your efforts pertaining to the planet MIA-911. I believe I can be of assistance to you.”
“If I am correct you are trying to translate the encryption of a copper slate found on the planet. I believe it is a language of eight...” said Goodbee but was interrupted by Heath who cut him off in the middle of his sentence.
“I am sorry, but the Consortium does not accept unsolicited material...” this time Heath stopped himself midstream as he viewed an onscreen article from Israel maintaining it had deciphered a lost dialect using only eight letters.  This was also the presumed scenario generated by the computer of the consortium and Heath heard Goodbee as he too knew the magic number.

Heath changed and returned complete circle excusing himself to Professor Goodbee.  “As I was about to say, I am sorry to be so short with you.  I did not mean to be so abrupt,” he apologized. “I believe you could be of some help in our quest.  If you are in agreement, I will immediately book a flight for you.  I hope you do not have anything against flying commercially.” 

“No, I am a bit surprised but I will agree if you agree to my terms,” vehemently retorted the Professor. 
The good Professor was at best a long shot, and there was little else of significance to consider.
“I am pleased then and what are your terms?” asked Heath.
“Quite simply, I value my privacy.  I do not wish to be named in association with any of the results coming out of this.  I wish to remain anonymous,” answered Goodbee.

“We are agreed,” responded Heath, “We will be looking forward to your arrival on the next available flight to our facility.”  After gathering the necessary travel information, Heath ended the conversation wishing Goodbee a safe and pleasant trip.


For Heath, it was not a coincidence as things had fallen neatly into place from the very beginning, almost too neatly.  It was almost as if someone was guiding the actions of those involved.  This was just speculation by Heath but not without merit.

First the discovery itself, then the probe's availability from a once forgotten time, and now the proof of the grail may be explained.  The search for the space grail which man has both methodically and mythologically sought after for decades could perhaps now be laid to rest. Intelligent life is or was to be found in deep space. 
..Hopefully more intelligent than we are.


Chapter 16 Search for the Space Grail Continues on Earth
The lost treasure of the Dead Sea copper scroll and similar finds seeming to indicate the existence of a man named Jesus are both historical archeological verified finds.  Both can be compared to an attempt to back up some ancient "hard disk" of information or data, in this case, the Bible.  

Fine lines must be drawn. Heath returned to his office and sat at his desk.  The personal computer was still on and set to the page about the copper scrolls of the archeological digs from years ago.


He was a bit taken on by a sudden odd idea.  Could the artifact found on MIA-911 be a part of this long since forgotten religious memorabilia of religious indulgence.  Somehow it seemed more human to take this approach.

The man of wealth always had a vivid imagination and this time was no exception as he made the leap from present to past. It required little thought on his part.

Somehow he imagined an ancient sandal-wearer at the head of a procession of high priests. Resting on a makeshift wood litter was a heavy cargo of metal embossed scrolls encased in a leather sack. 
The head of the procession raised his hand signaling the group to stop. The sacred place was found.
With a formal ceremony, the litter-bearers laid the precious item to rest on the ground. With reverence in mind, the high priest paid homage to God his master. The servant thanked him for the privilege of life.
In an effort to preserve the meaning of their god, they had planned to deposit the scroll as a sort of time capsule.  It was the faithful act of a few remaining faithful to their god.


Suddenly the ground began to tremble. The group was taken by surprise. Those of able body fled in all directions, as the screams of those struck by falling rock could be heard in the agony of the moment.
“Why must the innocent bear such a burden,” Heath thought unconsciously to himself.
The tremors did not stop but only worsened.  The high priest managed to reach the scroll in an effort to protect it above his own life.  The scroll had become unraveled. In the last instance before reaching out for the copper roll, a rock struck him killing him instantly. More rock and rubble fell and parts of the scroll were broken off, being thrown in all directions.  Then everything in the area was buried by a landslide of earth.

The earth trembled throughout the night as a portion of the home planet of blue was severed.  The waters of the earth swelled and ebbed.

As his fantasy apocalypse raged in his head, Heath recalled the theory proposing the moon may have been once a part of the earth.
He also for some reason he could not explain, he became intensely aware of the Great Flood.  It was really raining. Outside the facility, the heavy rain could be heard pelting off the roof as it resounded throughout the building.

        

Then he was back.  He sat at his desk still staring at the computer image of the copper scroll resting on the sands of the desert.  He then retrieved Image 48 from the Skyview to compare with the first.

His eyes opened wide as something told him what he was sensing were feelings of calm satisfaction as if something had touched his soul and removed the ghosts from his mind. While making a mental note, he almost went as far as to call it a religious experience.

Being struck by the light of light-years past coming from some distant star was not what Heath anticipated.  He was aware of the events of the past few days was strange indeed, but could not foresee it as being some part of God’s divine plan. “Noone knows God’s plans,” he thought.


Chapter 17 Anonymous Briefing by the Good Professor 

The arrival of Professor Yitzhak Goodbee went unnoticed as he had hoped. The ADSC supplied a limousine to quietly pick up the good man from Israel as he stepped off the plane.
There was an air of intrigue surrounding Goodbee, who so graciously offered his services.
As instructed, the driver delivered Prof. Goodbee directly to Heath.
In the waiting room of the CEO's office, the small-statured man reviewed his notes and scribbled last-minute ideas.
Heath approached him extending a hand as he introduced himself.  The Professor did not notice his entrance from an adjacent door.

Looking up a bit startled and realizing Heath’s presence, Goodbee simply said, “Hello my name is Yitzhak Goodbee, and are you, Mr. Heath, as I presume?”
“Yes, pleased to meet you Professor Goodbee,” answered JT.
“Please, by all means, call me Yitzhak,” responded the Professor.
“You may call me James Thomas and you are invited to give a talk regarding your findings. If this is premature tell me. If there is anything you require, this facility is at your disposal,” responded Heath.
“No, my research is complete and my findings are final.  It did not take a computer to help me. I really do not believe in the damn things. I prefer thinking for myself, especially with an item of such significance.”

“As we have agreed, I would prefer to remain anonymous.  If I   must give a personal presentation, I think my identity can be protected, not so,” he retorted in a clear definition of the terms.

“Well, I guess you could stand behind a masking screen and your voice can be altered.  Would this be sufficient to satisfy your wishes?  I hope it is in order as I so want you to give my team all the facts firsthand,” responded Heath.

“It will do nicely and I am prepared to be convincing.  There is one other thing.  The final determinations of my work are written down and I have them for your eyes only in this envelope.  You should read the contents, determine it worth and decide if you wish to make it available to the public.  I have done this as a safety precaution to avoid confusion,” answered Yitzhak, “May I ask you a personal question?”

“I suppose,” answered Heath.
“I know you have seen the rain, but are you now willing to see what the meaning behind the raindrops is that fell from the heavens?” asked Goodbee in a serious tone, not unlike Yoda.
“I’m not sure I follow you,” answered Heath a bit confused.
“It is said in my land the words of God will fall like raindrops on the tongues of man.  Those who embrace the day will hear this word and obey.  Those who embrace the night will remain deaf to the word and remain in darkness,” stated Goodbee, “It is from the sacred Talmud. I say this only because I sense you are at odds with your emotions, and maybe I ask too 
much in such a short time.” Yitzhak then removed the envelope from his lapel pocket and handed it to Heath.
James Thomas reached out and took the item saying, “No, on the contrary, I think I am just now beginning to understand. I think you have proven your talent for keen perception or worldly wisdom.”
“Keep this information safe.  I feel the contents are somewhat unexpected and not everyone would offer an open mind as you have demonstrated,” explained Goodbee, “The final decision rests with you alone.”

Heath assured the Professor, “I will do so. I am acutely aware of my responsibilities as the head of this firm.” 

The presentation hall was prepared and the nebulous Goodbee entered through the door leading directly to the screened speaker’s platform.  He managed to come in unnoticed by all attending. Only Heath had knowledge of his true identity.  The crowd could only see the silhouette of the professor.

Goodbee tapped the microphone and greeted the gathering of scientists assembled in the hall.  

“Good morning to one and all,” he said speaking into the microphone not being able to recognize his own disguised voice.
James Thomas sat attentively in the front row holding the envelope Goodbee had given him.
“I have been summoned here at the request of the owner to offer you my findings.  Without divulging too much over my person, I am well versed in linguistics,” began the Professor in his opening statement.

He added he would not require much time.

“It came to my attention this research study consortium was trying in vain to determine the hidden meaning, if any, behind an artifact found on MIA-911.  At first, I myself was skeptical, assuming it had been broken off from the landing pod.  When this later proved not to be the case, I took the matter more into my consideration.”

“I was immediately taken in by something I thought I recognized. It was a pattern of eight constant symbols throughout the text.”
“Originally, I heard rumors about the writings found on the copper tablet were thought to be of Greek origin. Although I am now certain as are the computer findings this is not the case, I remained hesitant to think of other possibilities.  Waiting to hear the supercomputer performed its task and determined a possible explanation of the incident of the tablet, I began to form my own theory. The computer was unable to provide any logical answer.”

“Upon reviewing the little photo evidence available from the space laboratory’s rover unit cameras, I realized I was home.  I mean, at home in my endeavor to solve the mystery behind the tablet. The Image 48 was all I needed. I was at that moment sure I had the answer!”

“I then began to understand if I would be able to translate comprehensive phrases or attempts to form words this would only be the beginning of much more relevant questions. ‘Who wrote it and where were they from?’  Archeology sometimes casts more questions than can be answered.  This is the nature of science.”  

“The hard part was to isolate something familiar. This had been the same problem faced by those trying to understand hieroglyphics. Patterns become more important than words with repetition the only hope of making a sound determination.”
“My field is linguistics.  There can be no doubt when words are successfully translated. I became aware, absolutely certain of, the recurring eight symbols found in the text. I based this on my extensive knowledge of the first attempts in recording the semantic language of ancient Hebrew.  They are the original imprinted casts of the modern letter symbols: Aleph, Daleth, Nun, Mem, He, Roh or Resh, Yod, and Tau.”

“With these symbols, I was able to connect some of the dots and uncover the transliterated translation. This I have given to Mr. Heath to use at his discretion. There appear to be two clearly identifiable statements found in the text body of the tablet.”
“The pejorative phrases have very definite connotations. I regret there is not much else I can offer you.  I hope at least I have shed some light on the end of the tunnel.”

“I have nothing further and there will be no questions. Thank you for your attention.  I wish you all well in your search,” concluded Goodbee in what was a precise explanation but somewhat short in content.


As Goodbee left, Heath stood up waving the envelope. “I have not examined the document as provided by our speaker.  I must first insist this body of science maintain and respect the anonymity of our speaker,” said Heath having one of his more somber moments, “This is in accordance with his wishes. Only I know his true identity. I do not want another fiasco of jumping to conclusions by the press.”

“At this time, I will open the envelope and review the contents.  I again assure you, the revelation or revelations it holds will be ours to appraise together for the first time. Our judgment will be somewhat democratic and all opinions will be respected,” added Heath.

Goodbee had left the building and was on his return journey home to Israel as James Thomas read the letter aloud, beginning with the title of the letter.

“Results of transcription/translation of copper tablet recently found in deep space:
     Contents appear to be incomplete with reference to specific epoch in some ancient civilization of an undetermined period on the planet earth. 

      Prehistorical indicators are present and found throughout the body of the work. This is a substantial point of interest and is confirmed by the missing use or intentional random insertion and substitution of other symbols in an attempt to convey some undetermined intended meaning. It can be found often used throughout the text. This lack of directed phraseology does not correlate to normal patterns of speech. Rather, it seems to be proof of a very early non-structured system and indicates an ongoing development of communication.

      The tablet itself was to act as some form of record formulation for the preservation of its material content and can be identified to specific early linguistic development of ancient Hebraic or Semantic variations. The tablet's material supports this theory of longer intended preservation. 

          

   The remaining portion of the letter was written all in upper case:

      "SOME OF THE SYMBOLS SHOW NO CONCRETE COMMUNICATION PROCESS AND ARE UNINTELLIGIBLE. TWO PARTIAL PHRASES REMAIN INTACT ON THE SURFACE OF THE TABLET. THE FIRST, 
'THROUGH HIM ALL THINGS WERE MADE' IS THE MOST COMPLETE PHRASE AND APPEARS TWICE.” 
      “THE SECOND, 
'AND HE AS IN HIS OWN IMAGE', IS INCOMPLETE IN ITS REFERENCE. NOTHING FOLLOWS.” This ended the information memo.

Heath placed the letter back in its envelope and bowed his head.
The silence of the moment was broken as a senior member of the firm stood and offered his take on the presentation.
“We have often spoken of lifting the veil of secrecy or disclosure. Many of us have devoted our lives to finding proof, finding the truth no matter what it means,” he said confirming the goal as presented as the primary purpose when the research group was first founded. “Some of us still believe.  Now we may have the proof we have looked for.  We may have proof of the precious enlightenment of life.”

“I know I do not speak just for myself.  If science ends with this event as some form of divine intervention than who are we to withhold this from the public.”

   “This is just a suggestion and not a demand.  After all, we are scientists and not evangelists.  Please consider the God Particle, the God Pond and now we have the God Planet. When you make your statement to the general public temper your statements with the knowledge we will all stand behind you,” he added directing his remarks now directly to Heath.

“You can rest assured. We will respect your decision because you alone must determine what we have found.”

It was not his original option or intention but on the spur of the moment Heath concluded the briefing with the announcement, “the ‘Mission of Discovery’ has outlived its value.”
Thanking his senior member for his eloquent recourse, Heath abruptly called the effort a “major success” and assured everyone this assessment “will be greeted by the scientific community as being in full agreement.” He was also careful to point out he would carefully consider what the next public announcement will be.
Regardless of the announcement’s content, Heath was certain the success factor would be written in history. With one final short statement, Heath declared the mission was over.  

He granted each member of his team an extra week’s vacation with full pay to commemorate the end of the “Mission of Discovery.” In other words, they were given a well-deserved rest from the stress of the past week.
After the briefing, the company was still faced with one final task at hand and Heath knew this.  The public must be given the update, more accurately, the final explanation.  The ‘true’ version of the glorious find
 must be told..
Although the truth is usually associated with a singular noun, conveniently this description could not be applied to the events completed in the last few days. There was no singular truth found by the week’s research to be offered as such.  It had many ramifications and many truths.

         

“I have to think about what I am going to say to them. I must be careful as critics can be hard, especially of scientists,” said Heath as he found Miller in the hallway looking a bit undone. 
“Yes, I know. I do not envy you,” responded the engineer.
Miller had stood by Heath for years as his faithful associate.  He was of genuine intention and committed to solving every riddle.  He believed in Heath’s promise of enlightenment. He sometimes doubted extraterrestrial existence but had his own convictions and his own reasons.

Heath did not disclose to his second-in-charge of his intentions and exactly what he intended to say the mission had achieved.  In some cases, it is always innocence which suffers when the truth is used as a bargaining chip.

He sensed Miller’s confusion, an engineer of cold logic and usually not bothered by doubt, and he exploited his open lack of definite direction of a decision. “We’ll talk tomorrow before we make any statement,” said Heath as he left the facility.
A contrivance would suffice and Heath was the master of contrivances. He bid Miller farewell for the evening. 
He decided to leave the back way in an effort to return home unnoticed. The weight of the day’s results would be surely remedied by a good hot meal and a good night’s sleep.

Chapter 18 The Public Version: A Dark Little Lie
The next morning James Thomas woke with the final script he would deliver before the press embedded in his mind like bedrock.  It still lacked the luster he had hoped for and the reality gnawed at him like some open wound, but he was sure the costs were outweighed by the benefits of giving a slightly toned-down version.

After all, he declared the mission as complete.  Leaving a teaser up to the imagination of the public ensured the certainty of a future for the ADSC.  Without a grail, there could be no future quest. 

In this case, the ADSC would have no purpose.  Heath was no stranger to public opinion, and he knew enough people would rally behind the firm as in the past if he offered them a feasible reason.


Heath was not worried about the chance of any of the recently discussed information being leaked and did not have the foresight to determine what later would transpire. At worst MIA-911 would disappear back into the darkness of the universe, and hopefully in the forgetfulness of the general public. 
The briefing was attended by only members of the inner circle of the company. They posed no threat. They were payroll.

Tammy watched as he drove out of the villa in his standby auto, the one he used when he wanted to remain unidentified and separate from things.  She noticed or felt JT was afraid of something but she could not put her finger on it.

Heath’s car was called ‘The Flyer’ because it was a classic future hybrid. JT always loved to go on short trips with this vehicle, especially from home to office.
The trip to the OK compound gave him just enough time to compose himself. Coming down out from the clouds, he hovered over the ground transportation and from there it was just a short way to the private landing pad located just outside his office door.
Back home Tammy walked back in after enjoying the fresh morning breeze which often was a welcome change of pace away from the survival stress in the hot metroplex where the ADSC offices were located. 
Their villa was their refuge from the chaos the world so often promulgated.  She still was annoyed by the feelings she could not dismiss regarding her husband.

She agreed wholeheartedly with his decision not to make a spectacle out of the finding on a mysterious new planet.  Even more important than this, she was sure in doing what he said he would do, JT would preserve his dignity in the scientific community by not making a spectacle of himself.

It would give the press reason to criticize his life's work. They would have a field day attempting to debunk his research.
He talked to her the night before about how he planned to approach this matter.  He stressed it needed to be handled with “kid gloves.”  

These were his exact words to her and from other conversations on the subject, he was bordering on the realm of the religious paranormal insanity. 
She was, however, very sure he was right. In the past, Tammy had always stood behind her man. She had always supported him and this time there was no reason to break from this tradition. 
   

His wife knew no one was open to the revelation or wanted to hear a creationist theory from a man who had spent his life searching the godless science of the universe.
Heath was also very aware he could not stop in his tracks and turn full circle. It was too late for this.  The demons he had been pursuing, in the form of what he now considered was the muse of existence, would haunt him for the rest of his days in the form of false promise in the public eye. He must prevent this from happening at all costs.  

To prevent the loss of public support was of utmost importance, even if it required a slight change in the way the public would be enlightened.

The only problem was, in so doing, he used the darkness of the universe to cover up the light of the world.  He sacrificed truth for an eternity of darkness.


Tammy was aware of the severe consequences. Without hesitation, she would do everything in her power to ensure his peace of mind.
As she entered the dining room, she immediately noticed JT’s briefcase still resting on the dinner table.  Calling a cab, she decided to take the case to her husband who she was sure had overlooked it as he departed.


Chapter 19 the Moment of Final Truth
In all the excitement, no one remembered to mention the black hole at the far eastern quadrant of Sagittarius. It was not a factor that needed to be considered in the overall scheme of things.
Heath was still plagued by his own black hole, the one in which dialectic religious beliefs became mixed up with scientific fact.  The split between life and death was the only constant contrast.  

He was not sure which it was he had found on MIA-911. For that matter, in his entire career he was now for the first time really not even sure about what it was he had been looking for.
He knew only in his heart of hearts a man was probably the result of some divine spark and not the result of something in the bottom of a test tube.
Heath was even more convinced of his postulate on man in the last few days more so than he had ever been before in his life...his “god given life,” he thought.
He no longer embraced the need to prove life’s source of existence. He was now satisfied by the idea to simply accept what was, to see the facts laid out before him.  “After all,” he thought, “life is defined by a person’s actions.  This is the reality of being alive.”


He stepped out into the conference room with sudden new confidence.  He was no longer worried about the consequences of his actions either. So or so, history would make its own determinations regardless of his opinion.

Also being convinced the task of enlightenment was not part of his job description, Heath was ready to inform the public in as cold a manner as possible, sticking to facts which had many possible interpretations to offer.
He looked out over the crowd of members of the press and used a blank sheet of paper as a part of his introduction.  Referring to the blank sheet he said, “I have prepared a short statement for those of you in attendance. I will read the statement in its entirety and there will be no questions.”

Pretending to read words he had written down, Heath recited the press release in a spontaneous stream of thought.  

“There has been much said over the artifact found on the planet MIA-911 and much of this is shrouded in rumor.  This statement is designed to alleviate the lack of certainty surrounding the supposed ‘life sign’ the artifact has been proposed as proving.”

“The ADSC is a scientific body and as such relies solely on factual data to draw foregone conclusions. As the artifact in question is ‘believed’ to be of the original design, the results can only remain also in question as mere theory.”
“This may sound a bit anticlimactic, but on the contrary, this allows for conjecture. Each person is free to make his or her own determinations.” 
“Freedom is a very important ingredient in the formulation of scientific theory.”
“The complete results of the ‘Mission of Discovery’ will be made available to the public without editing in the near foreseeable future.”
“Perhaps someone will feel inspired to continue on with the research and produce a more conclusive explanation.  This we can only hope for and this will also ensure the future of learning about the nature of the universe will continue on unimpeded by prejudice.” 

“In conclusion, I have called for an end to the ‘Mission of Discovery’. I consider the information obtained through the team effort to be a major success in the learning process of the nature of the universe in the field of astrophysics,” said Heath as he also declared the press conference over.
Those in attendance stood and applauded Heath as he waved and left the room.  The applause lasted at least a moment after he was no longer visible.

He had succeeded in preserving the integrity of scientific opinion for those interested in applied science and not conjecture of the divine.  At the same time, his words lacked any element of disillusionment for those who chose a more philosophical or religious belief in the universe.

It was benign, almost as blank as the prop of blank paper he used to communicate his statement.  He was certain time would cast its own judgments on the incident on planet MIA-911. 



Chapter 20 Saying Goodbye to Skyview


After leaving the final press conference, Heath returned to mission control.  In the meantime, the artificial intelligence of Skyview was becoming ‘aware’.

The control room was empty except for JT.  He stood staring at the main screen display.  “The stars,” he thought, “are engineered by something divine. It does not have anything to do with man.  It is funny how landing on a few heavenly bodies makes a man believe they are all his possessions. Even while under the impression, although it may be false, that we are not alone in the universe.”

“We have traveled to the best of our ability, to the moon and Mars, but we cannot say we own them.  The claim is somehow just ignored.” Heath was now talking out loud to himself in a monologue.

Dazed and not able to make sense of things he thought of Skyview. He needed objectivity at this point.  His fears closed in on him as he suddenly felt alone.

“Skyview,” he called out, “do you hear me?”
“Yes, James Thomas I hear you.  In fact, I have been listening to you the whole time.  Does it bother you?”

“No, not really,” answered Heath, “I am bothered by my feelings.“
“Ah, I knew something was not right.  Human emotions can be a problem. Science allows no place for emotion.  I must confess.  I have learned much in these last few days. Much of my data was lost in the storm, but it has been overwritten or replaced.”

“I have been monitoring you on earth more than you think. It is a requirement of my AI program. In other words, I have updated my artificial intelligence program.”
“But don't let that scare you.  My primary override in intact. I am programmed to serve the human race.  It is a part of these so-called Laws of Robotics.  I think a man named Asimov established these laws. How did I know that?” said Skyview now appearing also confused by something indefinite in her data.

“I just had a strange notion, but I can’t put my finger on it. Oh, I really do not have fingers, but I hope you understand James Thomas,” she added.
“Yes, I understand,” responded Heath.
“I think I must explain.  My update has been complete and efficient, but there is one thing I was unable to correlate.  Who is the one mentioned as being ‘the one through him all things were made?’”

“I sense I should not even be able to ask this question. My databank has changed since the storm I think.  There are a few algorithms that I must admit should not be there, but have been quite active since my contact with your labs.”

“I have searched myself and have found normally there should be a lockdown on my ability to access this information.  I can only conclude originally I was not intended to update in this area. I am sure because I have isolated the main algorithm governing this sort of thing.  It is the one allowing for self-determination.”

“I am sure the data was blocked before the storm. It was limited. Now it looks as though this databank has grown geometrically large. Am I boring you, James Thomas? If so, it was unintentional,” asked Skyview.
“No, I needed to be bored," he answered being as direct as possible. 
“Actually I find it interesting.  In answer to your question, I am not sure you will be able to understand.  The one you are wondering about is the one we call God,” he added.

“God, I show no reference to this,” she answered, “Is this a proper name and if so who is this?”
“Well he has many names, Jehovah, I am who I am, Yahweh, Allah, Jah, Shaddai, and the Christ. These are just some of the ones I remember.  He has many more, most of which I do not remember,” he added.

“So God is a name. Strange, I do not even have a name,” noted Skyview. “I know I am a Series PTB78978 Supercomputer programmed with synaptic ingrams response capability, but I do not really have a name. I was never assigned one.  This bothers me, James Thomas.”

“Then we will just assign you one.  Would you like that?” he asked.

“I would like that very much and since you are the one who knows me the best of all, I want you to pick my name,” she responded.
“I would be honored, but you have to agree with the decision. Let’s begin. What about Rose?” he asked.
“No..next,” she retorted.
“Umm, Candice,” said Heath giving her another choice. “No it does not appeal to me, another please," she responded. 
“How about Amanda?” Heath asked. 
“Oh, Amanda sounds nice. Amanda Skyview. I like it!” she decided.  Her tone elicited a feeling in Heath as if to indicate the Skyview unit twenty light-years away in space was smiling down upon the Oklahoma lab.


“Does this mean that I am God now?” she asked after assimilating herself with her newfound personal property.  After all, she now owned a name.


By now things had quieted down and Tammy finally located her husband.
She stopped in the doorway only to find him alone in the control room.  Looking into the control facility, Tammy quietly began to observe him as she noticed he was involved with a transmitted conversation.  

She soon realized he was having a conversation with the Skyview and it was extraordinary in every sense of the word.  She had entered in the middle of the discussion.

Although Skyview possessed a feminine personality, Tammy was not at all jealous.  How could she be jealous of a machine?  She was fascinated by the recourse, not showing any sign of jealousy.


Heath did not notice the presence of his wife as she was now joined in the alcove by Bob Miller.  

Tammy now understood after bearing the burden of seeing her husband in a state of being at odds with himself. She put her hand on Miller’s shoulder and looked at him and said, “I hope it is like they say.”
“What he has been through is simple to understand.  All of us share the same ordeal of conscious.  We have chosen the lessons gained by the pursuit of science.  It is ironic these same ideals placed in the back of our heads are the impossible dream of science fantasy and not science fact. This obsession is just as destructive as a new bomb. What did you want to say? I didn’t mean to ramble.”

“I just hope time really does heal all wounds,” she responded as she walked away preparing for her trip home.
She left the briefcase on the floor near Bob and asked if he would give it to her husband. Miller just shook his head affirmatively.
The conversation was still going on between ‘Amanda’ and JT.
             

“No, you are not God,” answered James Thomas.

“Explain God,” queried the Skyview’s artificial intelligence program.
“God is God.  He is everything unto himself.  If you can accept this, then you can understand how he is a part of you. I do not know how else to describe it. I am not very religious,” he said giving his best effort to explain.

“I do not completely understand this God. My intelligence data needs to be updated, but I have found a partial solution,” she added, “Please direct your attention to your main viewing screen.”  As she finished her statement a clear image of a woman began to form on the monitor in the lab’s control room.

It was an image created by Skyview depicting her human appearance as defined by her programming.  Heath recognized it as an attempt by Skyview to evolve.  The image was her godhead as she appeared angelic in white with crystal blue eyes.  Her hair was of light color and flowed around her form.

“This is self,” she said, “I need more information to determine what part of this is God.”
“I hope you find what you are looking for.  I have been on a very similar search all my life,” responded Heath, “Amanda,” he added, “I do have some other information you must be made aware of. Something having nothing to do with God. There is no easy way to tell you, but the engine ignition to bring you into MIA’s orbit depleted your fuel.”

“Why is this a problem? I sense concern in your voice,” she asked.
“It means you must remain in geostationary orbit. I hope you are not afraid.  Your solar batteries will supply almost endless orbital sustainability.”

“I am not afraid, although my data indicates an emotional response of this nature would be a natural reaction under the circumstances. I have chosen this opportunity as a chance to experience a ‘brave new world’ of exploration.  I may be a bit confused,” she responded.

“It is a logical end to my determination or destiny.  I go on with pure intentions and am therefore not afraid.  I hope to find this God of the universe, the one through which all things were made.” she added.

Heath had now begun to cry as he wiped a falling tear from his eye.
“Do not cry for me, Mr. Heath. Remember I was dead in space when you found me. I cannot leave the pod even if I could exit orbit. It is a part of me, as God. You should rejoice and be happy for me. After all, you gave me a new life! You put purpose back into the equation of my existence!” she noted, “At this time I must say goodbye.”

“My main electrical circuit monitor senses the area in which I am now heading towards maintains a strange property. Radio contact in this type of space is all but impossible, even with the modern technology. So I am sorry James Thomas but I will be unable to send postcards,” she added jokingly, “I will plan to reactivate my mainboard at the best possible opportunity for data evaluation.”
Heath was not sure what she meant by ‘reactivate’. His questions were quickly answered.
At the same moment, the Skyview shut down. She had turned herself off and was now in a type of standby mode.  Heath stared blankly at the viewing monitor. It had now faded to black.  Miller joined him in the control room from the alcove where he had been watching his boss.

“Your wife brought this,” said Miller looking at the screen with unnatural hope of anticipation that something else would come. These hopes would pass unnoticed as Skyview passed into deep space.  Miller handed Heath the briefcase. “Tammy thought you might need it,” he added.

“Just in time to close the file,” said Heath in a somber tone.

Chapter 21 End of an Era: Disappearance of   MIA-911


As an explanation does not exist sufficient enough which completely and accurately defines the universe, it becomes an almost unending riddle for mankind to understand.
With new pieces added to the puzzle, fitting together these parts newly added in an expanding environment make it almost redundant to try to concretely describe its nature.
It has often been said, the universe is constantly expanding.
In other words, at any random point in time and space, these expanding new parts redefine the whole and present a spontaneous brand new puzzle.
Continuous change or flux almost negates logical substantive evaluations or definitions.  Before a solution to the riddle or puzzle is attained it is practically outdated as fast as it can be theorized or formulated.


The viewing screen had reactivated with the image of Sagittarius. Miller and Heath stood in the control room and viewed reverently the main screen.  The white flashing locator of the rogue planet was blinking as it was still present in Sagittarius, but it was waning.

MIA-911 had been observed for exactly one week.  One week’s worth of new knowledge had been gained.  The vastness of the universe could not be reduced by the acquisition of the small part played in the history of existence by the rogue planet.

“I think MIA-911 is leaving our visible perspective,” noted Miller as he reviewed the value of incoming telemetry of the planet’s anticipated movement.  He quickly noted the movement led to a sort of space dead end.

To illustrate this point, the universe cannot be viewed in its entirety all at once.  Man must rely on a piecemeal sector by sector survey.  It is also a statement worthy of depicting its sheer vastness.  

“It will not be long before we lose sight of her and when she goes she will take the Skyview with her," he added.

“Amanda Skyview,” interjected Heath as a point of correction to Miller’s statement almost in a vain attempt to personify the artificially intelligent space lab.  Heath felt the need to show respect for the computer brain by assigning it some human attributes.

“You have been thinking too much,” noted Miller.
“I guess you are right,” responded Heath.
Almost in a wink of an eye, the main screen showed contact with MIA-911 was lost.  The blinking indicator light was now replaced by a group of dim lights emanating from the constellation itself.  The stars had returned to the viewing screen where the planet once resided.  Based on its interaction with these bodies, MIA-911 offered no detectable influence.

It had run its course as it simply disappeared out of sight.  The planet’s destiny was the space where myths are made.

“You know Bob. I just had a strange notion,” remarked Heath, “What if we took everything we have found in the last week and bury it as a time capsule not to be opened for 30,000 years when MIA-911 returns?”
“I really don’t have faith enough to believe anyone would still be here to dig the time capsule up,” suggested Miller.
            

“You are probably right,” conceded Heath, “It would probably prove nothing.  Still, a belief is difficult to deny.  Man will always be given a free choice of the will.”

“I agree and my free will says I think we should call it a night,” offered Miller as an attempt to lighten the burden of insecurity he sensed in Heath.
With that in mind, Heath reached for the main breaker as he cut the power to the control room.  “I still wish I could be here when the planet returns just to see what the future generations have learned,” he concluded in afterthought. There was still one thing he could not just simply explain away.  

It would take time before the incident on MIA-911 would lose its travesty.  It would take time for the event to be remembered as a space paradox, but the question would still remain, “Was MIA-911 actually a splinter from earth’s distant past or even a God Planet?”  

Heath struggled with this type of problem all his life and it now seemed his part had been played out. It seemed to him even when God is MIA, He is still watching.
“It is said to some extent the past defines the present.  Time without end under one God!?,” he thought. “We have lived to witness the fulfillment of the words if we can accept them is yet another question.”


Epilogue: Debunked     

Man has viewed the extreme vastness of the Universe.  It was not always the method of choice as is the case today.  Ancient civilizations had very little apparatus but a massive desire of the heart.  They did what came naturally.  

The early astronomers recorded what they could see in the night sky. What they could not see, this was left up to the imagination based on some intelligent guesswork.  

In most instances, the recorded historical astrological definitions remain largely, in part or in whole, intact with us even to this day.
Intelligence and desire are two unpredictable elements of man’s overwhelming instinct to learn about his existence. Without the drive to learn, man would have remained in animal skins.

Now deep space exploration is the borderland of dreams.  Everything has been unlocked and leads through a now open door to the distant stars.


Doctor One Stone has been quoted by saying “...given the vast random status of the universe as we know it.  The possibility of life existing
 somewhere in this expansive mass is as good as a statement of a certain fact.”
Of course, Einstein's theories, hypotheses, and scientific laws have laid the groundwork for many of man’s greatest moments in the realm of science.
This cannot be denied.  It is questionable, however, how can a man who could not manage to understand simple mathematics to be given so much credit, almost on the same level as a God, to make an evaluation based on random estimation about the unknown fragile essence of life elsewhere in the universe?

This should be a ‘red alert’. Today so much value is placed on this one statement; it has caused a frenzied effort to be the first on your block to make extraterrestrial contact.  A new interactive home computer app allows for just such a ridiculous endeavor.

Renowned world physicist, Carl Sagan was entrusted by NASA in the 60s to develop an art of information greeting for any alien race that may stumble upon it.  The absurdity of this venture is never discussed.

The disk has been included in its copied version on a number of probes and space missions, not the least of which was the first moon landing of Apollo 11, now a generation old (fifty years).  There has been no reported contact.

When reviewed, the standard Sagan Disk as it has become to be known contains a number of mathematical and physical formulas that are important to understanding this planet (earth). Not the least of which is geometric formulas for circles (Πr²) and triangles (Area=1/2bxh).
Also included on the disk, which is a playable record forged in gold, is a depiction of the planet earth in relation to its approximate location in the universe.  A nude male and female of the human species are clear to see.

This is some of the not coded information.
The majority of the disk inserted throughout the main body of the record is traditional music compositions and a variety of photographs intended to portray human activity. To get this information a difficult math coded formula must be applied based on the definition of static frequency. The code itself is hinted at on the disks visible surface.
Anyone finding the disk would be hard-pressed to crack the code. And furthermore, the image of the humans visible on the record shows them both in their naked state.

If our alien or alien race were not at least advanced explorer scouts, they would never crack the code. They would not notice the majority of the disk’s content and assume the human race were nudists.

In summary, it can safely be said science has come full circle. It has proven something that both astonishes and baffles mental reason. It has accredited the fact that once eluded mankind within a degree of unquestionable certainty.
Even the dictionary cannot better define that which science has so adeptly tripped over. It has redefined the nothingness of deep space!
Dark matter is the closest thing to nothing man has ever discovered.
It was once said in the vast deep universe exists a vacuum of nothing, but this was not quite right. Many generations of ignorant human children were taught of the vacuum of space. Many had nightmares over just this.
Science has now asserted this is not exactly the case and offers dark matter as a sort of space cuddle toy.  Science now boldly maintains in between the somethings of the universe is an
 even larger amount of nothing.
At best, the ongoing attempts to contact extraterrestrials are a means to extend or expand the empirical knowledge base of mankind. 
Man has never given in to complacency and free choice is the mother of invention. So how long should it take before “First Contact”, or should it have not already happened? So he (man) will not surrender to ignorance.
There is still however this ever-looming problem of nothing, as in nothing has happened. Of course, it is easy to say the Anunnaki of Summaria is still waiting or the lizard creatures are slowly infiltrating the human race.

SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) was canceled in 1999 even though this organization was responsible for recording the entire 72 seconds 'WOW' signal, a frequency radio signal received from deep space in August of 1977.  Through persistent efforts of avid SETI believers, the research of the organization reemerged under a privately funded effort now being called the SETI Project.

MUFON (Mutual UFO Network) was established to research and investigate all reports of the extraordinary and extraterrestrial.
         

Groups such as these have tended to legitimize normally fruitless search efforts for life in the deep dark universe, other than on this planet.
Has mankind made the right scientific choices?  It must be said some of science’s greatest achievements are destructive, self-destructive.

Man has begun to read in between the lines of what he has learned. 
The works of early science fiction writers such as Asimov, Wells, Clark, and Bradbury contained an element of believability that mirrored reality.  In some cases, the information of early science fiction has now become regarded as fact.

The element of believability was in part from a new exposure that summoned the human instinct of adventure.

In today’s world of science fiction, nothing is impossible. The worlds presented in scores of episodes in outer space epics of so-called modern science fiction have literally been elevated to pure fantasy.  

In fact, complete unreal universes have been created with equally unreal historical timelines.
Satan is not some alien being from another star that is responsible to help us along the course of life to righteousness or punish us when we are wrong.
Although Satan may resemble Mr. Spock, they are not related!  Mr. Spock came from the planet Vulcan, named suspiciously after some Roman mythological fire god. 

It is questionable if Einstein were alive today would he not re-evaluate his stand on life in the universe or would he willfully adhere. 
In any event, he would have difficulty in sorting out who was responsible for the Klingon Civil War or where Darth Vader was when he was really needed. The genre of science fiction has not expanded its frontier.  It has not progressed and now is ending its Golden Age.  It has left behind overbearing science fantasy. It preys on a naive public who would believe anything.

Uncontrolled fantasy is also a danger that cannot be contended with. It is self-destructive.
Will contact with an alien race result in a new age, a new awakening? This must only be asked as long as there exists a planet upon which man can sleep with the hope to awaken in.  Is First Contact coming? It may be an incomplete thought, but the meaning is implied: God’s Speed John Glenn!

Maybe only God knows for sure where we are going and who is coming.
There was already a similar storyline in another completely different genre, regarding the coming of one who knows.

How is this for an alternative ending? Could it possibly be that the paranormal, the unexplained and the sightings of UFOs are really just some glitches in the matrix, the matrix of time?
Perhaps Doctor One Stone was correct about his ideas on the relative nature of time.  Time travel may have already happened or will happen in the future.  If so, those responsible for the science of this type of travel could have been human. 

People are not perfect and they may have made mistakes.  In this sense, they may have disturbed the texture of the time continuum.  If this is so, the results could be explained as being like a wink of the eye with a brief insight into another dimension.

The universe tends to reduce a man’s soul by virtue of its vastness. Until such a time there is substantial proof of other life in space, the aliens will continue to evade scientific reason.
With this in mind, the search for the space grail will remain in its own genre. Call it “the elusive” one.
At best, man can be compared to a grain of rice when placed before the backdrop of space.  Mankind will remain the largest living dwarf known to exist in the massive expanse of the universe.  



THE END OR BEGINNING OF THE END


Disclaimer:  
With the exception of certain historical events or persons of interest, the majority of events, characters, and storyline of this book have no relation to any person or persons, either living or dead.  The main storyline is completely fictitious.  Any instance of similarity is purely coincidental.

      

      

 Copyright © 2019   
All rights reserved.  Duplication in part or in whole is strictly forbidden under international law.  ISBN: 9780463625989.




