Inter Galactic Peacemakers
Published by Yathansh Sharma at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Yathansh Sharma
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter 1 - Introduction

There are many small things around us like a pea, an orange, entire Earth…. Well Earth isn’t that small, at least not for humans, but what if the perspective of vision is changed? Earth compared to the entire universe, which is quite huge enough, and Earth compared to it is way too small. To guard something as huge as the universe is quite a tough job. And so it is divided into different, small parts. The final responsibility lies in the hands of the Inter Galactic Police. Technically police is not the correct word, it’s just that they like to call themselves by such name but the truth is that it is a private organization working for only those planets that pay them according to a contract, a contract that is signed by the representatives of any particular planet, the contract that Earth signed 20 years ago. Agents from I.G.P. are sent to that particular planet to guard them from any kind of inter galactic crime. They either hide their actual identity or show themselves according to the level and knowledge of that planet, and so when I was allotted Earth I hid my identity as I.G.P. thought that Earth is an under developed and un-evolved planet but trust me I have seen many changes since I first stepped here. So Earth was left under my guidance, and I lived here as a normal human, what I have observed in these years is that humans have a brain which surpasses all the other organisms in the universe. It’s just that their existence here have been from a very short time and they have a lot to discover, all that this small planet can offer to then is a verity of knowledge, and this makes it the most important and incredible planet in the entire galaxy, as far as I know. Last 20 years have been very peaceful for me; life on this planet is not that tough, I almost have no big responsibilities, and quite a high payroll, and maybe that’s what I.G.P. thought when they decided to send a one month old boy to such a planet. I am from a planet of a galaxy far off from this one, and there I was supposed to be the king but I had some ego issues at that time and thought of going out and exploring the universe and so I denied all the responsibilities of the king and set sail for an unknown place. People on my planet grow very fast, around 100 times as fast as compared to a human, until a certain age and that’s why when I went to join I.G.P. they considered me eligible to join and so I chose my path to be an agent of I.G.P.
Once I clarified all the tests and got my destination as Earth, I set sail for this planet, whatever the responsibility was won’t be irritating than ruling a planet. I have a family over here too which love me as much as their real son. I studied in a school here and slowly developed a habit of being human. Life was great in those last 20 years, until I.G.P. received that strange signal from a well known place on Earth ‘THE BERMUDA TRIANGLE’. This kind of strange activity was recorded first time on Earth. Many people are busy trying to discover the truth of Bermuda triangle, even me being a part of them, but who knew that I will succeed in such a strange way, on a mission cause we are the Inter Galactic Peacemakers (Yeah! That’s what is the logo of I.G.P.)…

Chapter 2 – Strange Things

I.G.P. R&D Department office… North…
Time – 7:45 AM (According to Earth G.M.T.)
“Sir, some strange things are happening on Earth and we are reading high readings of radiation from a small island.” A blue creature with around seven and very thin eyes reported to his boss. “EARTH? That’s not possible.” Replied the red hairy creature with two canines as long as a vampire (Though I am sure he not one). “I can understand sir but the results are positive, this is the first reading in the last 20 years”.
“But Earth is a very under developed and un-evolved planet,” (See I told you that’s what they think) “we must report this to headquarters as soon as possible”. And here we reach the H.Q. of I.G.P. where the news had already shaken all the, creatures there. The President of I.G.P. went running to receive the shocking call. Oops I forgot to tell about him, he is a very wealthy man wearing the same kind of formal coat every day. Some even think that he was born with that kind of coat, however he had a face exactly similar to any human, I can’t say about the rest of his body, never looked under his pants… or shirt. Heading back where we were, as soon he received the call a holographic screen showed up. “Sir we had got a fluctuating reading of Zemo radiation from Earth for the last two hours” that same red hairy creature was on the screen. 
“That’s impossible Earth is a very under developed and un-evolved planet (look now it is going out of hand).”
“I know sir but the readings are absolutely true and something really bad is going over there (I can say that you all have also estimated this if not than now at least you know), and we have to stop it at any cost.”
“Alright I will take care of it or perhaps our agents over there. Diz have we informed them?” he simply asked to his secretary who was following him all the way. “Not yet sir, shall we?”
“Of course we must.”
“Alright sir”.

I.G.P. Earth base… (Primarily situated in India, a good place to hide ourselves)
Time exactly 6:42
The entire base was empty and that was when I stepped in. Now you may think that I am a tall muscular handsome looking guy with eight pack abs and all that, then let me tell this that this is absolutely wrong. Means technically I am like that that only but in order to hide my identity I live like a clumsy, fat boy with a medium height, all thanks to the device which was developed some time ago which can alter the shape and size of our body to some extent. The same holographic screen opened but by a keyboard. Madam Diz was there the same beautiful lady and one time winner of the Miss. Universe, but only on their planet, actually by the perspective of humans she is a lizard with totally black eyes (and sometime I even feel like vomit when she had removed the makeup of her face), so all the boys just forget about dating her on valentine’s day.
“Agent (Vinod, Na, bond, doesn’t suit me, Sharma much better, so I am agent Sharma) Sharma we are getting a strange radiation from an island on Earth.”
“Well don’t look at me I haven’t opened my navigation system even once in last decade. It’s even started rusting.”
“I don’t care get it replaced I am sending you the coordinates of the island.” And here they reached me.
“Impossible (no I am not going to repeat the same line) it’s the triangle, you must be kidding me”.
“Are you nuts how the hell I can kid you?”
“No you fool it’s a word of English you must get your translator improved.”
“Look I am not here to waste time it’s just check it out what’s going on.”
“Have you applied the new makeup you got on your birthday?” I asked.
“Yes, am I looking pretty?”
“Kind of, over and out…I was lucky not to be there.” I said after I had switched off the holocom.
“Yeah you really were.” Said a voice similar to mine (This one is brain, no not mine, it’s still with me. I am in kind of a habit of making things like this generation 5 operating system which is right now operating on my super computer).
“By the way what had happened for the last two hours none of the devices were working properly?” I asked.
“It’s the Zemo all the devices had stopped working because of it” it replied.
“Then what about the screen and my Body Transformer (the same device that transformed my looks.), and you?” I asked again.
“All these devices are Zemo compatible and work even in its presence.” it replied.
“Alright so the triangle, show me the list of flights that are going to fly over the triangle in next three days.” And the screen popped up with the list of five flights including their passengers. I was just scrolling through the flight list when one of the passenger caught my sight. “Bloody hell, she is going to Africa.”
“Who?” brain became curious.
“One of my old classmates” I answered.
“And she might be…”
“Kanika” I answered again “Brain I am boarding this flight”.
 “Are you serious? For that you have to board the flight from New York tomorrow, at 6:10 AM. How the hell will you do that?”
“Just get the visa ready we are leaving.”
“Now?”
“Exactly now, let’s Rock baby”. And I came out of the base. Just let me get my hand on my telecommunicator, people over Earth call it a mobile phone and I called the other Agent (Vinod, alright I admit it this was really a pathetic one) Joshi. Hands over to him…..
Chapter 3 – Second Agent

Hey everybody this is agent Joshi and now the narration is handed over to me. So where was I, yes I was with my girlfriend in her room kissing her, and that’s what every boy on Earth do on valentine’s day and suddenly that idiot made a phone call to me. Buzz. My phone which was at silent vibrated and so did my leg. “What the hell are you doing?”
“Nothing else but kissing you.”
“No your leg...”
“Oh! Shit”. And I was forced to pull it out, my phone, “Hell man it’s Sharma”. “Does your friend have a habit of disturbing us?” she got frustrated and left the room. “What the hell you think you are doing man?” I picked up the phone and answered. “We are going off to Africa.”
“Africa?”
“I mean Bermuda and we will part ways from the rest of the passengers over Bermuda by jumping down from parachutes without letting anybody else know”.
“When?”
“Tomorrow, and right now we are leaving for New York exactly at 6”.
“Are you crazy at 6?”
“I think I said that only”
“For what reason? Any kind of your stupid research?”
“Nope we are on a mission from I.G.P., codename the triangle”
“This will be my first mission since I have joined I.G.P. two years ago”
“Exactly so get your luggage packed.”
“Still this was not more valuable than that kiss”
“What kiss?”
“Over and out”. Sometimes I think I have joined the military instead of I.G.P. However I went to my house and made some kind of an excuse for going to Africa due to our company project over there. Well the company was just a setup from I.G.P. in order to hide their agents. And exactly at 6 I was with him to leave. 
Chapter 4 – Lets Fly Off

Back again it’s agent Sharma and I am still waiting for that idiot Joshi even when it’s 5:45, he is nowhere to been seen, and I even got our boarding passes. Such a big fool, I wondered why his girlfriend always got irritated of him, he is always late. But now he finally reached, and I got a bit of relief.
“Joshi do you even know what the time is?”
“Don’t ask do you even remember which day it is?”
“No maybe Friday the 13th?”
“No you idiot it’s Feb. the 14.”
“I think it is a bit familiar…”
“Exactly it’s valentine’s day”
“Oh no and I even forgot to wish her…”
“Wish her, you would have been with her, just like I was until you came in between us”
“I can’t be she is not in India at the moment, also I am really excited about the flight tomorrow”
“I don’t remember this to be our first flight from which we are going to make a jump in the center of Bermuda triangle?” (A bit of information we usually do that in order to research on the triangle but still we have explored only one or two islands)
“Some reasons are better kept secret”
“What all have you got?”
“Ah just my small invisible pouch with all the required things.”
“Let’s get going or I am going to become insane”
“It’s almost time, we better pass the security check-in before it closes”
“Do you have the boarding pass?”
“Yup and I also got the visa ready in just hours…”
“You or I.G.P.?”
“Hmm… that’s the same thing…”
And we went in the flight after 20 mins. Both of us went to our seats and I just closed my eyes to take a nap as I was too much tired. Meanwhile Joshi was looking at the list of passengers.
“Now I understand why you are so excited about tomorrow’s flight”
“Then I will be glad to listen to you” I simply replied.
“It’s Kanika; she is also boarding that plane too”
 “You got me” I said.
“Come on what’s the point?”
“What do you mean to say?”
“You know. How many times she was in front or near you, how many times you had the chance to talk to her, but each time you wasted the chance, and so will happen tomorrow”
“No this time I will really talk to her”
“$10 if you prove me wrong” I gave him a strange look “What we going to America and we better get a habit of it quickly (by this mentality you are going to make me an aborigine soon “What we are going to Bermuda triangle and we better get a habit of it quickly”)”
“Deal” I replied.
And we both slept for next Eight hours.
(This part might get a bit boring so FAST FORWARD…) And we reached New York. Such a beautiful (I better say or the Americans will kill me (Just kidding)) place. The time was 5:20. Both of us went to get our boarding pass for the next flight but before reaching there I met someone.
“Hey Sharma” at first that someone called me from behind, and I just simply turned back.
“Ah! Do I know you?”
“What you idiot you do know us” said the girl that was with ‘the someone’. She was of medium height, extremely slim, wearing spectacles and looking straight at me. The men with her (Who actually was ‘the someone’) was a bit healthy (or I can say a bit fat) and was of almost the same height as the girl (let me tell you I am still taller as compared to both of them).
“Well I still don’t recognize you…”
“Try to emphasize a bit more on your brain, and then you might remember us” the man said.
I held my chin with my hand and started thinking (this is my usual way, and I must say that it works).
“I just have one word, or two to say, any hint?”
“We used to study together in the coaching center…”
“Ah! I… no you can’t be them…”
“Who? Who did you guessed?” asked the girl.
“Varun and Srijita, I used to study with them, but Varun used to be a bit more fat, and Srijita a bit more thinner. Here we have a thin Varun and a fat Srijita.”
“You idiot am I fat?” she replied.
“Come on Sriji (that’s the name Varun usually calls her with) he remember us, he is just fooling around.”
“No seriously I thought you to be Varun and her to be Srijita.” I said pointing Varun as Srijita and Srijita as Varun.
“Then what am I suppose to be?” said a voice from behind. As I turned around I saw that Sakshi was standing behind me with a bag in her left hand and her purse in her right (according to the prequel- which is still under construction- she is my current girlfriend). She is of height comparable to mine with a good enough figure and a swarthy complexion. She was behind me and I was just able to say this much that “Happy belated valentine’s day”.
“Yeah you arrived a day late here.”
“By the way I don’t remember your flight was of India was today.”
“Because it is not, all three of us are going to Africa today.”
“Technically all five of us…” Joshi interrupted in between “Unless we don’t have any kind of important work and we have to leave the flight in between of the journey…”
“Hahahaha… (technically, a fake laugh) nice one… by the way guys this is my collogue Joshi, and Joshi these are my friends Varun, Srijita, and Sakshi”
Chapter 5 – The Long Lost Friend

Everybody started discussing something when my eyes moved (actually my head moved, that was just a, figure of speech) to the gate and I say her coming in. The girl who once studied in my school with me, she had got her long black hair straitened, which used to be curly earlier and came in directly while looking around a bit cutely (a bit kind of we can say stupidly but had a kind of playful attitude which seemed to have unchanged since then). I saw her and passed a smile to her, and so did she also smile. She directly went to get her boarding pass.
“Ah! Friends I better get our boarding passes” I requested to the others.
“No problem bro I will do it for you” Joshi replied, most probably because he had seen her coming (so much for $10).
“Oh how sweet of you” Sakshi replied.
“No, allow me to do it for everybody” I grabbed hold of the tickets of which everybody had already given to Joshi.
“Come on Sharma you can enjoy over here I will do it for you”
“You don’t understand Joshi I will enjoy much more while getting the boarding passes” I murmured, “So please let me do it”
“It’s just an act of revenge for what you did yesterday.”
She was almost going to take the passes when I got an idea in my mind, I said to myself, now or never, and I secretly stepped on Joshi‘s foot. He left his hold on the tickets, and I ran towards the counter. Kanika was still there when I positioned myself just behind her sliding on the frictionless floor.
“Wow, what was that?” she looked at me in shock.
“Just a bit of wind.” I replied. She turned around again towards the girl who was giving her boarding pass. While she was turning her shock had turned to a smile, and the dimples can be easily seen on her cheeks. “Ah! Well do you remember me?” I asked her.
“Of course, I do Mr. Sharma” she replied turning towards me, with the boarding pass in one of her hand. “I remember you used to have a crush over me.” She said again while walking towards the security check-in gate.
“Yeah… kind of… can I have your number?”
“You serious?” she gave me a puzzled look.
“Yeah, means technically I am kind of, I mean…”
“You still don’t know how to make an acquaintance with a girl”
“Well it will be pleased if you will teach me…”
“Where are you going?”
“Africa…”
“Catch up with me there.”
“Alright…”
And she stepped forward towards me asked for a pen by the girl besides the counter, and wrote her cell phone number on my hand.
“Let me tell you don’t ask for the phone no like this to any girl, I just know you that’s why… you know”.
“Well thanks…”
She turned again and I called her again “Kanika. You still didn’t give me your number”
“But I just did…” she gave me a puzzled look.
“I was asking for your seat no.”
“You are a very clever boy” she replied.
“Am I?”
“Find out if you can” she turned again and walked away still having that smile on her face (I must say that was at least 7 out of 10).
I turned towards the girl and started “Hey, senorita can I ask you for a favor…”
“Yes please sir…”
“I just want a seat beside that girl and my friends a bit away from us, you can understand” and I showed her my tickets.
“Yes sir but…”
“Don’t worry, there is some money in the right pocket of my shirt as soon as I will bend to keep my luggage over there pick it up, are we clear?”
“That’s alright sir but…”
“Just say, yes sir I understood, that will be enough”
“No sir actually…”
Without letting her say a word I bend down to kept the luggage of Varun and Srijita, but she didn’t picked it up.
“Hey you missed your chance, alright let’s do it again…”
I bend to keep Sakshi’s luggage, then Joshi’s then mine and finally she picked it up.
“See how simple…” I said.
“Here are your passes, sir” the seats which she gave me were E2, and B1, 2, 3 and 4
“Actually sir I was saying that I can do it without the bribe, but still thank you for the $1000”
I was stunned and looked at my pocket and I told her the wrong pocket, actually it was my left pocket with $10.
“No problem…” I said to her in a crying face.
Then I got back to my group and gave them the passes making a fake story that all the seats were full so we all were not able to get our seats together.
“No problem I will take E2 happily” Joshi said.
“Sharma your friend here is very much sweet.” Sakshi replied.
“No thank you, I will happily take it, I am pretty much fine with it”
“Oh! Come on let me have the favor”
“I must say Sharma you are a very lucky man to have such nice friend” Srijita said.
“No Srijita you don’t know how big a pain he is in the ass.”I whispered in her ear.
“Mr. Joshi will you please accompany me to the washroom?” I said.
“Oh! Can’t you go there alone, little kiddo”
“Joshi, you are coming with me” as I said I changed my tone from calm to aggressive, and then I grabbed his arm and pulled him with me.
Chapter 6 – A Small Warning?

We went to the washroom on the second floor. It was empty and so I pulled him in…
“What the hell do you think you are doing, first time in my life I was able to talk to her and now I have chance to sit with her and here you are trying to make things even”
“I just want to return you the favor…” and he laughed.
“Let me tell you what I can do…” and I kept my arm on his shoulder and pulled the B.T. off his arm (this became even easier with the sleeveless shirt), and suddenly he started transforming into a red skinned beast with spikes all over his shoulder and a devilish kind of face.
“You must be crazy…” even his voice turned into a very dangerous one (the one which usually monster of fairy tale have) “Give it back to me…”
I moved my arm away from him “Not at all…” (I guess that by now you might have guessed that it is the same device that alter our body shape and size)
“Alright then…” he did the same and removed my B.T. from my arm. I also started turning into a (no I am not a monster but…) tall muscular human kind of a figure with eight pack abs (which were now visible as my shirt was now a bit short due to increase in height).
“Alright fun times over now, give it back to me…” I said.
“Isn’t it funny? What did you say, it’s not, and that’s good, because I am not giving it back to you”
Suddenly a man entered the washroom. Before he can see Joshi he slipped into the cabin sitting on the pot, and I turned towards the urinal acting in front of the man. I was just standing there acting and not actually pissing but he came to me to me and said “Everybody have problem sometimes…” and smiled. I was puzzled at once then I saw down and replied “Yeah sometimes…” Suddenly Joshi slipped his leg and was hurt in between his balls (Bulls eye).
“Yeahhhh…”
The man started looking at the cabin.
“Is that a friend of yours?”
“No, I mean yeah, I mean maybe…” I must say I was stunned.
I turned around again in shame and suddenly I felt that something was coming towards me, so I bent sideways, and it was the fist of that man making a crack on the wall exactly on the place where my head was, I quickly turned around and grabbed the other hand of that man (so finally an encounter with an alien), I was lucky that Joshi had removed that device from my arm and I had access to my physical strength again, both of us were moving our arms very fast in order to block each other’s attacks, the chain was broken when Joshi came from behind and grabbed the neck of that… (Whatever that was) and broke it…
“You will not survive this trip Agent Sharma, not at least with all your friends, we will surely get you…” he replied while dying.
“What was that thing?”
“I don’t know…” I replied.
“You are supposed to be the expert in this don’t you?”
“What all am I supposed to be? I didn’t even had a case in last 20 years (or perhaps ever)”
“Ask Brain…”
“Yeah I am sending the D.N.A. structure of this thing to Brain…” suddenly the body of that creature started to dissolve in air, and in seconds it was gone…
Both of us looked at each other and ran towards our group… “I will take E2”
“No I will take it” both of us argued while running (Don’t think that we were scared, we just don’t want to miss that seat).
“Wait! Joshi don’t you think that it’s a little odd.”
“What?”
“All of my friends suddenly on the same flight, together, it might be a co-incidence, but isn’t it way too much nice, and then that thing knew that all of them were here with me…”
“Yeah! Sounds odd to me too…” both of us stopped and started discussing.
“We better keep a look on every passenger on the flight”
“And that’s why I am going to keep E2 with me, or else all you are going to do is chatting with her not aware of the danger around, am I right?”
“Look Joshi I have already lost 1000$ for that seat, I am not going to let it go at any cost…”
“$1000, you are such a big jerk”
“Am I? I am starting to feel like quite a big one”
“We better get back to the others…”
Back there all of them were talking to each other when we arrived “…and we went there to celebrate our anniversary” Varun told Sakshi.
“You are married? When Varun?” I asked when I reached there.
“Oh yeah we actually are…” Srijita replied.
“And both of us even sent you our wedding card…” Varun continued “We wanted to see that from which side you attend, and you didn’t even show up.”
“Yeah I remember that I received those cards, but then I was called for an emergency in my office, and I just forgot about your wedding… Sorry bro.”
“Just a word of advice for you, don’t forget to attend your own wedding.” Srijita replied. And there was a moment of laugh (for everybody except me, what? Do you expect from me laugh on my own insult?).
“We better get going for the security check-in” Joshi finally spoke to everybody, he was kind of stressed by the words he heard back there (Of course 1000$ are much even if it weren’t his… just kidding the reason was the same as you guessed).
Well we went in for the check-in then we just waited for the announcement of our flight, when another of my old friend saw me.
“Sharma…” he called me from behind.
Chapter 7 – My Last Friend

I turned around to see that Mishra was there.
“Hey Mishra long time, no see…”
“I was going to say the same to you too…”
“By the way you might have recognized him…” I said pointing towards Joshi.
“Why not? It’s Joshi, three of us were the best friends at school…”
“See, not everyone is like you…” Joshi said to me.
“Let me guess, you too are going to Africa?” I asked him.
“Yeah sure, and you too?”
“What exactly is your seat no?” Joshi asked him.
“It’s B5, why?”
“Bingo… would you like to make some adjustments?” as Joshi said that I got my hand over his mouth from behind.
“Not at all... How can we let him sit alone and be bored through the entire journey?”
“What exactly is going on?” Mishra asked.
“Nothing you have got a seat near all of us… expect me.” I replied.
“Well this is nice. Now I will have someone to talk to during the journey.”
By this time Joshi had got himself free from my grip.
“Are you nuts, I couldn’t breathe for a sec” he said.
“You were talking too much.” I replied “By the way Mishra meet my friends Varun, Sakshi, Srijita, and guys this is my old friend Mishra”.
“Hey everybody.”
“So what are you going there for?” I asked Mishra.
“I am going to write the script of a documentary.” He replied.
Before we could talk anymore the last call for our flight was announced. So we went straight to the plane entrance.
In there I went straight to E2 and saw Kanika sitting there.
“Seems like fate always brings us together.” I said.
“So you found my seat no.” Kanika replied after turning her head towards me.
“Yup, although I had some problem asking the girl but I figured out a way.”
“Well this means that I have a long and boring journey in front me.”
“Hey I am not that much boring”
“Yeah sure…” and she smiled, although I knew that she was just joking, (But what if she wasn’t?) Well let’s think about that later. For now better enjoy the moment.
Chapter 8 – Actually A Trap

It’s been around half an hour and still Sharma is busy chatting with her, I knew I should not have let him take that seat, now let me think something interesting for me. I just sat a bit straight and I felt the bio pulse bombs in my pocket which we usually take with us in order to paralyze all the passengers when we make jump for the triangle. When this bomb strikes all the bio organisms freezes for five minutes and we can easily jump without anybody knowing it. Although we must also freeze with this strike but we have a bracelet on our hand specially designed by I.G.P. for every agent in order to prevent us from such strikes, well it have many other uses but I will tell that to you later.
By this point my frustration has reached to its limits and I turned towards Sharma. He was still enjoying and I was still sitting here doing nothing. So I turned the other way and started talking to Sakshi.
“I think that you must start searching a new boyfriend”
“What do you mean?”
“Look at them” I pointed towards Sharma and Kanika “See how much they are enjoying”
“That girl, is she the same girl from your school, Kanika?”
“Oh you know her? Then you must also know that he liked her once”
“Yeah and I don’t like the sight of this, why are they laughing?”
“Most probably Sharma told a joke, although he is a good Joker (Why so serious?)”
And Sakshi got up in anger.
“Wait Sakshi I know that you are mad at him but you better not create a scene in public”
“Are you nuts I am not a fool to bring up his anger and get myself almost killed? It’s too risky to provoke him.”
“Oh then... you better not try to jump off the plane to suicide.”
“Shut up you idiot, I just want to go to the washroom”
“Oh well then I can’t stop you, you are free to go…”
And she walked away, for a sec it was getting interesting then I turned towards Sharma and he was still talking to her. I took out my cell phone and texted him:-

“So Agent Sharma what all
Did you notice in last few hours?”

To which he replied:-

“That she is not only beautiful but also
Have a pure heart. Also you
were wrong about me not able to talk to her
and I won the bet….”

Such a jerk he is:-

“No you idiot about something strange going on,
in this plane”

What should I do about him:-

“Oh that listen carefully the man sitting just
In front of you is an alien from sarutes, a planet of very 
deadly breed. And the women just behind you 
is a man from auretm very clever and 
master of disguise. Infect the whole flight is
crawling with aliens except my friends”
As soon as I got his message I looked at the people and all I thought was how come I missed all of them.
Then I saw Sakshi coming towards me and I sat straight again.
“This flight is a hell, a man is in their just when the flight took off and seems like he has forgot to come out”
“That is strange, really strange. I must tell Sharma about this.”
“What exactly is he going to do about this?”
“It’s just that he is good at situations like this” and I made a fake smile.
Chapter 9 – Trapped On A Plane

“…And my brother thought that it was a ghost…” and we both just laughed.
“You really are an interesting person Mr. Sharma”
“I will take that as a compliment” and just then my cell phone rang with a message from Joshi.

“There is a man in the
Washroom since the plane took off.
We must go and check it out.”

“Will you excuse me for a sec” I said as I got up. And so did Joshi.
“So you finally took a part in the investigation?” I said.
“I was much more aware than you.”
“Oh yeah I know.”
As we reached towards the door an air hostess stopped our way.
“Sorry sir but you cannot go any further, this place is already occupied”
“Please let me through, it’s an emergency.”
“Sir I understand but this place is not empty right now”
“No you don’t understand I can’t control it any longer.” And I grabbed my stomach and bent a little.
“Sir you have to please, I don’t want to clean the shit of a man around 20 years of age.”
“What do you mean you idiot, don’t you know how to talk to passengers? I will complain about you… and trust…”  While I was saying all this Joshi slipped behind the girl and broke her neck just like he did to that creature in the airport washroom (Obviously she was not a human).
“Is your nonsense overacting finished?”
“Well I did distract her.”
“Oh yeah sure why not?”
We both stood beside the door and unarmed. I turned off my B.T.
“Oh even I must turn it off right now” Joshi said.
“Are you nuts what will the crowd react if it will see a strange red colored beast?”
“I don’t remember this plane to be having many HUMANS?”
“Still, my friends are humans, we must not take any kind of risk” We both looked at each other and then broke open the door by our kick.
Well all that happened after that was a bit awkward, both of us shouted freeze and the man inside jumped up over the pot pulling the tissue paper in order to cover his… you know, parts.
“Bastards what the hell are you doing in here? Can’t a man even shit properly in this flight?”
“Oh I am really sorry sir actually I misunderstood you with someone. That’s totally his fault” I said pointing towards Joshi.
“Me? How can that be…”
“Shut up I don’t care whose fault is it I just want both of you to leave now”
“Alright! We are leaving, I am not even interested in looking at you… half naked…” Joshi replied.
As we turned to leave I again had that strange feeling which I had in the airport washroom, like something is coming behind me and then I heard sound of a fire and I just pushed myself towards Joshi making both of us fall on the ground. As I got up I saw that man with a gun in his hand pointing right towards us.
“Fools, I don’t know why the hell my master is so much concerned about you two, it seems like he over estimated your abilities.” That man said.
“I knew it you are not a man, there is nothing between your legs (I mean no male parts)” I said.
“Then what was he hiding?” Joshi asked.
“That’s the point he didn’t wanted us to know that he don’t have it.”
“What if he was a girl?” Joshi asked while we both stood there acting like we have our hands up in order to distract the ma… alien.
“What kind of girl have plain chest?” I replied.
“That’s a good point but I know someone like that.”
“Who? (Don’t you dare say me)”
“She is your girlfriend”
“That’s just a negligible error (All those who are not science students, I must tell you that exceptions are everywhere)”.
“Will you two stop chatting and pay attention here, a man with gun” the alien said.
“You are not a man; you are nothing more than a maniac… I am not afraid of you, and…” while I said this great dialogue which I learnt from the trailer of a great movie that man takes another of those blue shots just at my foot to which I respond by taking a step back in order to prevent me from it “Hey that might burn my foot”.
“That’s why I keep on telling you that you must not repeatedly do your nonsense overacting” Joshi said.
I turned my attention back towards the alien and said “Alright so what exactly you were doing in there, for so long?”
“Oh! Come on can’t an alien like me suffer from a bad stomach?”
“So this wasn’t part of your plan?”
“Nope,” he said and then we heard shouts of others outside the washroom “That was…”
We both turned towards the door and he stabbed me with a knife in my back. Blood started to flow which also melted the metal of the knife. The blood reached one of his foot and the floor dissolved in it. The wound had healed by now (this fast healing was the specialty of my people and was really necessary as if the blood keep on flowing then all of the metal which comes in contact with it will be lost in it). The leg of that man got stuck in the hole and he was trapped like that one leg in one leg out.
“Help me please” he cried.
“Stay like that I need your gun.” I replied.
I picked it up and both of us went towards the… aliens.
As we had cover behind a small curved design of the wall, we managed to see what was going on.
Chapter 10 – Joshi, Have You Ever Done Skydiving?

All the aliens were ready with their smuggled guns aiming towards the door from which we were supposed to come out.
I just took a peek at them and the one shouting was an alien whose breed was totally scared of insects (Now that’s something useful).
“Alright what’s the plan?” Joshi asked.
“I don’t have a plan.”
“What? You are supposed to be the leader.”
“Yeah but that does not make me the planner too.”
“Can we do anything right now?”
“Try some belly dance to distract them while I do the aiming practice.”
“Forget about it, I am going to make a jump behind the seat and then you will shoot one of them and I will grab its gun. After that I will go ahead while you will cover me.”
“Good idea, go”
As Joshi jumped forward according to the plan, I realized that the gun in my hand was empty and so the plan failed in the second step. When I raised my head I saw them holding Joshi also as their hostage. (Well I better not ask but what worse can it be?)
“Sharma we know that you are there hiding come out or we will blow her head.” The apparent leader said this pointing his gun towards Sakshi. (Shall I step forward, I mean if it was Kanika then I should have thought to get out of this cover, but for Sakshi, I can risk it.)
“Or her life might be much more important to you.” He changed his target from Sakshi to Kanika. (Why do I even say?)
I hurried back to the washroom.
“Where is the ammunition of this gun?”
“I won’t tell you…”
I stepped on his leg which was free plane and started to crush it.
“Oh! Stop please ok I will tell you…”
“Good, tell me now”
“I don’ have it.”
“What then who have it?”
“Our arms expert, the scumbag who is shouting out there, all that which I should have said.”
“You are there leader?”
“Yeah at least of this group, and I should have said that, why the hell you humans use garlic in your food?”
“Sorry Mr. Leader, our food is specially made for pure humans, enjoy your day”
“Oh yeah sure, I am enjoying being stuck in a hole”
But till then I had moved out. (Quite frankly I was not at all interested in what all he said)
“It seems like you don’t care about the lives of anyone present here and so I will shoot them one by one.” The arms and … (AAE is much better) AAE said.
“No don’t, please… I am here.” I came out with my hands above my head and my B.T. switched on.
“Drop your Gun”
“Here it is” I said keeping it on the floor. “Although it is of no use as it is empty”
“How does he know you?” Varun asked.
“I don’t know, maybe I am a celebrity?”
“From when? And why didn’t you tell us?” Srijita replied. (I don’t know in which language I should tell her that it was just sarcasm.)
“From now, you idiot, even I don’t know how the hell he know me.”
“Oh! Then it’s fine”.
“Agent Sharma why don’t you tell them the…”
“Hey what’s that crawling over your shoulder?” Joshi said to the AAE.
“What? What is it? Quick remove it.” And he started jumping up and down acting like a baby.
“Boss actually there is…”
“Shoot it, quick” he replied while jumping.
“But…”
“Now, or I will blast the grenade.”
“No don’t sir…” but it was too late he slipped on the floor and the bomb fell on the ground and rolled to the end of the plane blowing half of it. Most of them flew out and some grabbed the left seats and so did the humans. One of the alien jumped out with a bag pack and opened the parachute in it, so I and Joshi grabbed one of them who had a bag pack, and snatched it kicking him off in the air. I quickly wore it and shouted “All of you they have parachutes in the shelves try to get them.”

So everybody tried to get a bag pack except Kanika who was holding the end seat and had no other option but to keep her hold on the seat. One by one everybody jumped out expect me and her. But then her grip on the seat of the falling plane loosened and she flew out in the air without any parachute. My mind suddenly turned into a super computer and had millions of thoughts running in there that what will happen if she died, the newspaper reports, I being unable to save the girl whom I truly love (Despite of the fact that we were going to fall at a place that is even unknown to us). I just let my grip off and let myself also get out of the falling plane through the gap formed due to the explosion.
Chapter 11 – Landing On The Triangle

One by one I passed by everyone falling who have already opened their parachutes and some of the aliens even tried to shoot me. But I left a bio pulse bomb between them (I can’t belief that even here they had made groups, habits of small school children), and all of them were frozen by the effect of the bomb. I grabbed Kanika and she was so much scared that she didn’t wanted to open her eyes.
“We are not going to make it” she said.
“We are, everything will be alright.”
“No leave me and go if we remain together both of us will surely die, the parachute will not be able to hold both of us”
“It will, TRUST ME” I replied (Whenever I say that to a girl she is forced to accept that whatever I am saying is correct, kind of my advantage), so I opened the parachute but it opened wrongly and the cloth of the parachute went up to the frozen aliens making them mix up between themselves. I saw that in shock and then opened the alternate parachute, as we were about 30 ft from the ground and hence we survived the dangerous fall, and landed on a mountain.
Joshi was already there as he opened the parachute at the correct time (All this is part of our training at I.G.P. academy).
“Didn’t expect you two to reach together”
“And I didn’t expect you to make the fall, so everything didn’t went according to the plan”.
“What plan? What the hell is going on here?” Kanika said.
“It’s a kind of a long story.”
Kanika looked at the others who were still in the air floating with the parachute “We have a lot of time.”
“So, exactly… the story… alright… ah… I, and Joshi, are… an…”
Just then Mishra arrived there, removing his parachute, “What the hell just happened up there?”
“Don’t you have some other question to ask?” Joshi said.
“Right now, we were attacked by some terrorist in a plane which was full of only those terrorist who wanted to kill you both and you want us to ask about something else? Alright let’s see, how to make a butter chicken?” Kanika replied.
“Hey chill I know there must be some good explanation for all this.” Mishra said.
“Or a grilled chicken?” Kanika said.
Then suddenly we heard a blast of the plane crashing, and it was on fire and that part of the forest also.
“Kanika you see that fire over there.” I said.
“Yeah, what’s with that?” Kanika asked again.
“If we don’t reach the planes before the fire reaches us, you will get the answer to your grilled chicken one” I replied.
“Right now I have only one question, what the hell is going on here?” and she started to stare at me with angered eyes.
“Look you can do whatever you want but I can’t tell it to you, it’s a secret, please TRUST ME”
“Alright I can take it as an acception”
And she walked by pass us a bit.
“What did you do to her?” Joshi asked.
“I just asked her to trust me, that’s all”
“It’s really strange”
Just then Sakshi, Varun and Srijita arrived there one by one.
“What the hell just happened up there?” Varun asked.
“Someone one else ask that question and I am going to kill him” Joshi replied.
“We saw your location from some height and somehow managed to reach you.” Sakshi said.
“Well that’s intelligent, how come you were able to do that?” I asked her.
“Keep quite you jerk.” She replied.
“You know what I was feeling that I was going up instead of down, the air was making me move up.” Srijita said.
“Oh why not if you were not 1 and ½ kg it would have not been like that.” I said.
“Hey everybody, half of this mountain is on fire, we better leave it by night or we are gone, roasted in this fire, do you understand” Joshi said.
“I agree with Joshi we must move on.”
“Just one more question, are we on the triangle?” Mishra asked.
“Maybe yeah, maybe we are in the core of the triangle.” I replied
“What worse can happen?” Varun said.
“Don’t ask…” Joshi replied.
We started moving ahead while it was still some sunlight, because if once it goes down we have to make a camp at that place and this mountain was not the correct place for that.
While we were walking Sakshi came to me “You are paying way too much attention towards that girl, Kanika.”
“Jealous?” I replied.
“Not at all just tell me what exactly do you want? Why are you ignoring me?”
“Is that what you think? You think that I don’t want to talk to you just because of her? (How the hell does she got to know the truth?)”
“Yeah… I don’t just think I know that and…”
“Sharma there is no connection here, what should I do?” Srijita came to me and asked.
“How can a fucking island like this have mobile signal?” Sakshi replied.
“Obviously there are no mobile tower and so no network coverage. By the way whom were you going to call?” I asked.
“I don’t have balance how can I call someone?”
“How am I suppose to know that? Why do you need signal in your mobile then?”
“Just thought to update my status on Facebook ‘on the Bermuda triangle and, kind of enjoying’” she replied.
“Are you a cartoon or something?” Sakshi replied.
“Hey Sharma quick come here and look at that.” I heard the voice of Kanika.
“Coming da…” Sakshi looked at me with red eyes “… there just a sec. sorry got to go”.
As I reached Kanika she said “Look a dragon?”
“Yeah! How is this possible anyway?” I saw that flying creature with my own eyes, but I was not at all shocked. I knew him, an alien, from a far away planet (Now what should I tell you about that creature long story, you will get confused, so back on track) “What is it doing it here?” by then all others had gathered there.
“Is it pissing?” Varun asked as he saw something leaking from the dragon.
“Hey my phone is malfunctioning?” Srijita said.
“Mine too…” Varun said after taking out his phone from his pocket.
I looked at my bracelet and it was also going down, and suddenly it went off.
“My phone it’s off.” Srijita said.
“Not just yours, Everyone’s” Mishra said after looking at his phone.
“The triangle has just started to play its tricks, we better move on” Joshi said.
Chapter 12 – A Strange Man

As we were going forward Kanika came to me and asked “What all is happening? Is it a dream?”
“I wish it is” I replied. Just then Sakshi came there and interrupted “Hey, Oh sorry, am I disturbing you both?”
“No not at all” Kanika said.
She looked at me, “Oh yeah, not at all” (Technically you are really disturbing us).
“So Kanika what are your hobbies” I asked.
“Well a bit of cooking, acting and…”
“Stealing someone’s boyfriend?” Sakshi said again.
“Excuse me please.” Kanika said and moved forward.
“Are you nuts?” I said to Sakshi.
“That has started irritating me.”
“I don’t want to listen all that shit” and I walked forward to Kanika.
“I am sorry for all that.”
“It’s ok, I mean if you were my Boyfriend and…”
“I wish I was…” I replied.
She froze there and just looked at me without moving her eyes and we made eye contact, her eyes had some sort of addictiveness because of which I didn’t wanted to move my face.
Then suddenly I felt a push on my back and everybody turned around to see what happened as the sound was worse than just a push. I was on the ground with my face down and felt someone above my back. When I got up I realized that it was Sakshi who had pushed me, and there was a landslide just behind me, then I realized what just happened, the landslide happened and Sakshi pushed me to save me from crushing beneath those rocks (although I could have saved myself anyway but let’s not tell them that) Then everyone ran towards the cliff and looked down, and so I became curious that why does they wanted to see the falling rocks? (Although I can expect this from Srijita but the others, not at all, and especially not from Kanika) But then I realized that Kanika was not with them. So I too quickly ran towards them and saw her hanging on a rock. As all of them were thinking what to do, I made my plan and used the rope of our parachute to tie myself with the large boulder that has just fallen.
All of them were still thinking and saying that ‘hold on, we are coming’ when I just jumped with that rope still tied to me.
“Kanika give me your hand, quick”
“No I might fall.” She replied.
“I won’t let you fall, please”
“No it’s too dangerous.”
“It will be safe, TRUST ME” then what she just let her grip off the rock in order to give me her hand, but her other hand slipped and she started to fall. (No this time my mind didn’t turn into a supercomputer) All I do at that time is to rely on my reflexes and suddenly I grabbed her arm. There was a cheer up above there. I pulled her up and she quickly grabbed me by my neck and her hold was so strong that I couldn’t breathe for a sec.
“Kanika you aren’t letting me breathe.”
Then she realized and loosened her grab a bit “Oh sorry.” She said.
As I climbed up, I saw a human like figure wearing a lab coat although it was a bit difficult to see his face in the twilight (really I have seen the entire series and I didn’t saw his face in any of the movie) so it was a bit difficult to say that weather it was an human or an alien, but a circular device fell from the pocket of his coat as he turned to run away.
“What is this thing?”Joshi asked.
“Circular dual blades used to cut rocks in one slice, very sharp, you better be careful” I replied, “We better keep it with us”
“We should keep moving, this mountain will be on fire in no time” Joshi said “Also perhaps we seem to be close to the planes”
All of them nodded and we started to move ahead. I reached to Kanika and asked her “Can you walk?”
“Yeah I am fine” she replied.
“Good let’s get back on the track.” I said.
In around thirty minutes it was almost dark and we can’t move any forward, the only thing that we can do was to jump from the mountain, but then I thought why don’t we perform a river crossing, we had a rope, and a device which can work like a descender and we have guts to try it (At least I have it).
So I asked everyone whether they want to give it a try. To my surprise none of them agreed for my plan not even Joshi. Well I can handle the girls (You know ‘TRUST ME’) but Varun, Mishra and Joshi were a bit hard to reason with. This was getting worse as we felt that the fire has reached us and if we don’t do something quickly we will be grilled meat soon.
So I proposed that I will go first and then after I had tied the rope everybody else will come, and somehow they agreed maybe the fire had scared them off. So again I jumped in the same way as I did to save Kanika and then I started to swing in a circular manner, I could see the fast currents of the river below me, and land was just beside it. After swinging a bit I was able to grab one of the tree trunks which were not at too much height from the ground. And I tied the rope with it.
One by one all of them started to slide down, and in the end it was only Kanika remaining up there. But she disagreed to come down, as she had noticed the same thing that I had, the rope had become weak due to the sliding of that rock slicer.
“Come on you can do it.” Mishra said.
“No I can’t, the rope is way too weak.” She replied.
“Joshi I am going up there, she won’t be able to do it that easily” I said.
“You can’t do that, you know, the rope can’t handle both of you, it might break”
“And if I don’t do that she might get herself grilled in that fire, I have to do it.”
“Good luck, you need it.” He replied.
And so I started my way back up with the blade in one of my hand and I can hear the voice of the cracking rope. I was up there in time, but she was still scared to do it.
“No not at all we both are going to fall”
“Even if we do we might survive as we will fall in the river”
“It’s too dangerous, I won’t do it.”
“You can, TRUST ME (Oh man I am loving it)”
Chapter 13 – Dancing With The Mermaids

“Don’t you dare say that to me again.” She replied and then moved towards me as according to the plan we both will slide together. As we were coming down the same thing happened that we were afraid of, the rope was not able to handle us and it broke.
In a second both of us were in the river quickly I swam to the top of the river and I saw that Kanika was still in there, which shocked me as she was a very good swimmer then I went back in and saw a mermaid in there holding Kanika with her one hand and Kanika was kind of fainted. The mermaid was naked with most of her long golden hair floating in the water. Her lower half was of a fish, but upper half looked pure human and that kind of attracted me towards her. I went forward and both of us were close to each other, I was kind of hypnotized, (Actually not kind of I was really hypnotized). She came closer to kiss me but then suddenly a bubble of air which came out of Kanika’s mouth arrived between both of us and burst, when I realized what was happening, then the looks of that mermaid starts to change her golden hair turned red, her face turned into a shark’s and she attacked towards me. I somehow douched the first attack but before her second attack Joshi came there without his B.T. pushing the mermaid off there, I took Kanika and swam at the shore of the river.
I handed Kanika to Mishra and swam back in there and then quickly placed mechanical gills on my neck, which were Zemo compatible due to their mechanical nature. Upon my arrival what I saw was really pathetic, Joshi had his tongue stuck in the mouth of the mermaid and both of them were trying to pull apart (This is called joint by fate, or by tongue?). Well I grabbed the mermaid from behind and freed her of Joshi’s pathetic tongue. To which she reacted by kicking me with her tail, and she swam away.
“What way of thanking was that?” I asked.
“I am the one who must be thanking you” Joshi replied.
“Go on, I won’t stop you.”
“We are even” he said and swam back upward placing his B.T.
“Anytime now?” I said and when I realized that he won’t say it I too swam upwards removing the Mechanical gills off my neck.
As I reached the top I saw that Kanika was still fainted and all of them had no idea what to do. So I reached her gave her C.P.R. and pushed her stomach to remove water from her mouth.
But still she showed no movement so I carried on with the C.P.R. then as I kept my mouth over her to blow air into her mouth Sakshi was burning like hell and I knew that Agent Sharma if you don’t do anything quickly you will be dead by tomorrow morning.
Then suddenly Kanika coughed and I finally got a breath of relief that she is fine.
“What happened here?” she asked.
“Everything is fine, TRUST ME” I replied.
“I told you not to say that to me again.”
“I just can’t help it” I replied.
With my help she stood on her feet once again and we saw the burning forest over the mountain.
“We must leave, for now, away from this fire” Varun said.
And after walking for some time we rested at a place and made a camp over there. We used the cloth and rope from the rest of the parachute and made a tent to rest in. Joshi and Mishra managed to get some wood for fire and the only requirement now was food.
“Alright I and Joshi are going to get something to eat meanwhile you all stay here and be safe.” I said.
“And how on earth are you going to remember routs of this dense forest?” Sakshi asked.
“We will work on our instincts.” Joshi replied.
“So are we good to go?” I asked Joshi.
Both of us turned around, started walking and Joshi asked “Your girl has got a point. How will we return without our G.P.S?”
“Yeah with our Bracelets off the G.P.S is also gone, but I have an idea.”
“What is that?”
“Maybe this thing was useless in the first try but not the second.” I said showing him the same blade that we used for river crossing.
“What will it do?”
“We will cut every tree that we pass and then we have a way back.”
“Without its machine?”
“I know a use of your tongue.”
“I am having a feeling that something really dangerous and painful is going to happen”
“Oh come on, I will take your tongue through this small hole and then make you grab the end of your tongue then you will rotate on the same spot and the it will work like a motor which will cut the tree in one slice”
“What the…? Why only my tongue? Why don’t you try this madness with your own tongue? It will heel quickly if it cuts”
“I should have done it but… you see my tongue is not long enough, and besides if my tongue cuts then my blood will dissolve this metal so I am not the perfect person for this”
“Then why don’t you try this with that vine?” he said as he pointed at the vine lying on the ground
“That is a very delicate thing and can cut if not revolved properly”
“I will revolve it with all the care.”
“Alright then you are in.” (Yeah the plan worked, as it did back there on the plane, yup I knew that the gun didn’t had bullets, but you see this is my specialty that I don’t tell anyone their role in the plan and it still work)
This was becoming difficult as we were searching for a new vine more than food, as every new vine we found Joshi broke it, but somehow after reaching a point at the river back again we saw too many mermaids swimming in the river.

Chapter 14 – King of Mermaids, the Merman

So many beauties together attracted us towards the river.
“You are thinking the same as I am?” I asked.
“Yeah it’s like paradise, what if one of them falls in love with us?” Joshi replied.
“I was thinking for a mermaid soup.”
“Are you crazy? Making a soup with such beautiful creatures that look even more beautiful without clothes and…”
“Hello Mr. dreamer, they are mermaids, they don’t wear clothes, and secondly it’s their job to attract men by their looks so they can do the same which we are suppose to do right now, have dinner.”
“Oh! I would love to have a candle light dinner with them.”
“You won’t be having dinner with them, you will be their dinner, and perhaps that isn’t their real face don’t you remember the one we saw about an hour ago?”
“Are you crazy that was so much pathetic and ugly, they are so beautiful.” And Joshi started walking towards them.
“I still think that mermaid soup is a much better idea, hey wait for me…” and I walked behind him.
“Hello beautiful ladies, mind if you join?” Joshi said.
“Well hello handsome you want to come closer?” said one of them.
“Of course why not?” (Man this is going way too fast)
“Oh yeah sure just be careful of their sharp canines, when you kiss her.” I said.
“Will you please keep quite? I am busy here.” he replied turning towards me.
“I am just trying to warn you, because that’s what they exactly do, call males closer to them and then eat them in dinner, or breakfast, and that’s exactly what she did to me” I said pointing to one of the mermaid the same one we met before.
“Me?” She said.
“Yeah exactly you… and… Joshi look behind…” I said and he reacted to it by quickly turning towards the mermaid and then jumping off as she had made a leap to grab him.
“Woof! That was weird.” He said.
“Told you.” I said.
That mermaid quickly went back into the water.
“Can this be true that they can’t live on the land?”
“Maybe, who knows?” I replied.
Suddenly all of them stood in two parallel lines leaving a gap in between.
“What’s happening?” Joshi asked
“Don’t look at me.” I replied.
Then a mermaid came towards the end and said “Our king wants an audience with you.”
“What is he kind of a hungry merman?” I asked.
“Hey how do you know?” she said smiling.
“Stop playing these stupid tricks of yours with me.” I replied.
“Alright I don’t even care, once the meeting is finished I will serve you to him with my own hands” she replied.
“Sure if he doesn’t have the pleasure of doing that on his own.” Joshi replied.
We both walked towards the river removing our B.T. and I put on the mechanical gills once again. As we swam deep inside the river we saw that it was way too deeper than it was supposed to be as a river. Deep down there was a merman with a spear in one of his hand and the other one empty.
“So are you the king here?” I said.
“You are absolutely right.” He replied.
“Al right Mr. king I am having a problem with some mermaids of yours, first of all tell them I taste very bad, infect all my friends taste very horrible expect him so there is no point even trying to eat us” I said pointing at Joshi, “Secondly this place really stinks can’t you clean it at once?”
“Shut up…” he shouted. “You tried to kill my wife?”
“What me? Not you are mistaken, I never killed even a fly, so how can I kill a mermaid?” I replied.
“Keep quiet, you will pay for this transgression” He shouted again.
“Dude, now you have really pissed him off” Joshi said.
“What’s my fault in this you were the one who attacked her?” I replied.
“Listen here, now you entered my kingdom without my permission and then tried to kill my wife no. 13…” he said.
“Now that explains why she was evil… wait you have 13 wives?” I said.
“No , 20…”
“Man what do you do with so many wives? Well are you in a mood to rent someone…” Joshi said.
“Keep quiet, you stupid pathetic hopeless, dull, dumb good for nothing creature.” He said.
“Now that’s what I call a true insult” I replied.
“Now you will suffer my wrath.” He said.
“Who knows I am not even sure myself.” I replied.
He threw that sphere towards me and the battle starts between us. At first we were strong over him but then he transformed into a long sea dragon and that might turn the tables.
“What just happened?” Joshi said.
“He transformed.” I replied.
“How is that possible?” he said.
“I will surely tell you if we survive”
There was very little chance of stopping him, especially in the water.
“We have to get him out.” Joshi said.
“But how you got a plan?” I replied.
“Oh sure, run” he said.
“I have even better plan, use your tongue.” I said throwing the blade towards him.
“What all can it do except cutting trees and rocks?” he said.
“Let’s see?” I said and Joshi used his tongue to tie the blade and then quickly rotated in the water, as it was his specialist.
The king was badly injured by the attack and tried to escape, after transforming into a fish, a giant fish.
“Not now your majesty, let’s have some fun” I said grabbing his tail and threw him out of the water. Then I quickly swam up dodging the attacks by the mermaids, and grabbed the sphere he threw at me (Which was still floating in the water), when I reached the top I saw that he was trying to get back into the water.
I stepped on his tail and said “Stop right there you asshole, this game is not over yet” and I penetrated the sphere through his tale going into the ground which stuck him there.
This made him unable to move and he choked to death.
“I don’t think that you were supposed to leave me out there with those deadly mermaids.” Joshi said coming out of the water.
“Actually I left those mermaids alone in there with you, and besides who was the one to fall in love with them?” I replied.
“I… it was… different thing.”
“Agent Joshi first rule in this great universe is that nothing is real, so don’t just believe what you see.” I said and then bent towards the mouth of the king… fish “Am I right your majesty?”
“Arghhhh…..” it screamed.
Both of us jumped back “Wow! Hell, what was that?” Joshi asked.
“It’s the last word anyone of their species says before dying.” I replied.
“You better be careful with that thing” he said.
I bent down and one by one closed its eyes and said “Rest in peace my friend”
“Friend? He tried to kill us…”
“Shhhh! No one is our enemy after death.”
“Stop this religious shit of yours, now what are we supposed to do?” he said.
“Let me guess, lets head back for dinner.”
“Ah! Good guess, but there is just one problem, Where is the dinner?”
“Right here, this friend of mine sacrificed himself to feed us”
“Are you serious? That’s a monster and…”
“If you have anything else to eat in this forest other than this monster so you can tell me” I said picking it up and walking away.
“… Agent Sharma can you read me?” said Brain from the communicator.
“Brain I can read you and even our devices are online.” I replied.
“What happened there? What’s your status?”
“We are on the triangle and… Brain? Do you copy? Shit it went offline again” I said.
“I am seriously trapped here” Joshi replied  “Hey wait we just made a way cutting down every tree in our way so that we must not get lost and now you are walking beside this river.”
“Yup! Remember we made our camp beside the river and now I realized that we don’t need those marks anymore, as we lost our way and reached the river once again so now we just need to walk beside it.”
“This means all my hard work was for nothing?”
“Sorry to say but, yes it was of no use.”
“Just forget about it, tell me how can he transform without a B.T.?” Joshi said placing his B.T. back over his shoulder.
“The answer is simple, these creatures were the first to show the ability to transform body parts without any electronic device. Also there D.N.A. coding helped us make the B.T.”
“Back there at the plane do you felt something strange?”
“Yup the arms and ammunition in charge was too big a jerk”
“No the bomb, it wasn’t even activated, but still it exploded.”
“My focus was on Kanika, that she should get hurt.”
“Don’t forget we are on a mission.”
“So what do you mean to say, this was all planned? To get us on the triangle? That Zemo radiation, and the plane, everything that happened till now was it planned?”
“Exactly, because till now there was no sign of aliens on this island, but all of a sudden this happens and we are here, with this filthy thing in our hands.”
“Maybe you are right but we didn’t come to this part of the triangle in our last visits? Maybe they were here for a long time, hiding?”
“That dragon which flew above us today was hiding?”
“Maybe?”
“Only if my device was working…”
“But they are not, and we have to survive without them, at all costs.”
“What’s that awful smell?”
“What?” I asked.
“Wow! It might become difficult for us to survive, if it wasn’t easy for him.” Joshi said pointing at something on his right in the forest.
Chapter 15 – A Rotting Surprise

I looked at it and to my surprise it was the semi rotted dead body of the same dragon that flew above us.
“We saw it today, didn’t we? How is it possible it died in a day, and decayed too?” Joshi said.
“Yeah it is true that this is the dead body of that dragon that lived here, but not of the same one who flew above us today.”
“Perhaps it might be some other dragon.”
“No, it can’t be, these are very dangerous hunters and even hunt their kind if someone try to infiltrate their area. It’s impossible that there is another dragon on earth, or else he would have been discovered till now, although where can an animal like that hide except for Bermuda triangle?”
“Wait a sec. we just have the dragon dead in front of us how can you say that someone else had not taken his place?”
“Because after death their body rots for years more than 100 of years and during this time no other dragon even dares to enter that area.”
“So you mean to say that it was the same dragon?”
“No otherwise it might not have been in this state.”
“No matter what we better get going, before someone comes looking for us.” Joshi said.
After walking for some time we reached outside our camp I kept the fish down and then placed my B.T. in order to get back in the fake shape. Then I tried to pick it up again and “Man this thing suddenly got too much heavier”
“Let’s do it together.” Joshi replied.
“How much its weight might be?” I asked.
“1000 N(ewton) if acceleration due to gravity is 10 m/s here”
“Mass…”
“Oh! Around 100 kg… You are too quite, is something going on in your head?”
“No it’s just that dragon, if something on this island can hunt him, who knows what it will do to us.”
As we united with all the others I saw that Srijita and Varun were talking to each other same goes with Mishra and Sakshi, but Kanika was nowhere to be seen. All the eyes turned towards us in amazement.
“How on Earth you got to catch a fish like that?” Sakshi said.
“Maybe I am a good Fisherman.” I replied.
“Great, we are going to enjoy a good feast today.” Srijita replied.
“Where is Kanika?” I asked.
“She said that she is going somewhere where the sky is more open.” Mishra replied.
“She is out there even after what happened to her?” I questioned.
“Go find and ask her what’s on her mind?” he replied.
“I know where she might be, I saw a place where the sky was clear while we were coming here.”
“What’s for us? I mean you know that I don’t eat Non-veg.” Sakshi said.
“We are in the middle of a forest on the deadliest island, and we have a survival challenge, so you better forget the luxury of your home.” I said as I turned to move towards the river.
“But you know that I can’t eat Non-veg. at all” she screamed from behind.
“Go suck on the trees, or have some grass from the ground, I hope that might fill your stomach.”
“What happened to your arm?” Joshi asked as he pointed at a wound at her shoulder.
“Nothing I stuck it on a thorn while I was away” she replied.
Chapter 16 – Some Time Together pt 1

“What for?” I asked.
“I don’t feel like answering you specially when I am sucking on a tree or eating grass” she replied.
“Forget it I don’t even care.” I said.
“Seriously where have you been?” Joshi asked.
“Stop it for now, I went to pee is that enough” she said frustrated.
But I left them behind and went towards the river. As I reached at the side of the river I saw Kanika standing there.
“Hey, senorita what are you doing here at such dark night?”
“Nothing just looking at the stars and the sky, and everything, this is all so natural so untouched so…”
“Beautiful?”
“Yeah, I mean even if there is no one on this island still it feels like you can live here easily and happily, don’t you think so?”
“Yes, you are right, this is so attractive; I wish I would stay here for my entire life, but not alone. (Although the only thought that I have right now is let’s somehow reach my home and play the latest version of HALO on my Xbox, but a bit of lie will work here)”
“So what exactly is with the stars, can anyone of them have a planet revolving around having life, just like earth.”
“Yeah many of them do have life but none is like earth I mean it’s so much peaceful over here (if we ignore the world wars, scams, nuclear bombs, etc.)”
“How do you know?”
“I have seen it.”
“Yeah in your dreams…”
“No really I have…”
“How?”
“That’s a secret.”
“Again a secret, now go on say the words trust me, and I will be forced to accept it…”
“No I just want to…”
“Stop it, you are such a big mystery I even don’t know your full name, and still I am here with you on an island from where no one has managed to escape, and still I feel great, I have gone nuts.”
“Well you don’t even know the full name of Joshi.”
“I don’t care about him. I mean though he is also my friend but not the way you are the way I have started trusting you even without you saying those words. Trust me”
“Let’s get back the others might be waiting.” I said.
And we turned around and started walking towards the camp.
“What’s with you and Sakshi?” She asked.
“Nothing I used to like her and then we went into a relationship and then things started to get complicated, and I don’t wanted to be in relationship with her anymore, but I have to ‘cause she didn’t wanted to breakup, and Joshi advised me to stay calm until I have solid reasons to breakup.”
“So, you came to me because you wanted to breakup with Sakshi?”
“Nope you were not even the part of this; I came to you because I like being with you, talking to you, just that.”
“And that’s the reason you saved me three times since we got on that plane?”
“I was going to ask you that, is it your hobby to get in trouble?” I said and there was a bit of laugh.
As we reached the camp everyone had made a setup to roast the fish. The look on everybody’s face was of joy to eat such a big fish, but the look on Sakshi’s face was, ‘Sharma I am really going to kill you’.
“So what all have you got for dinner?” Kanika asked.
“All that’s in front of you.” I replied.
“Just the fish?”
“Yeah had a hard time catching one of that size, if I was in some other place right now I would have applied for the book of world records but here it’s going to fill out stomach.”
“I was going to say that I don’t eat Non-veg.” she said.
“What? You don’t eat Non-veg. that’s a big problem, we can’t let you stay hungry on an island like this, and…” by that time everyone had started looking towards me and I said “…I mean we must find something vegetarian around here. There are two people here who don’t eat Non-veg.”
“Yeah usually people like those are just advised to suck on trees and eat grass from the ground, why don’t you try that?” Sakshi said.
“Are you kidding how can she do that?” I said.
“Why not, I was also asked to do the same.”
“Yeah but I noticed right now that the tree… the tree… is… dry, exactly the tree is dry, and the grass is not green enough.”
“Oh yeah sure…” Sakshi replied.
“Sharma I think that you are in a heap of trouble” Joshi said “You want some free advice?”
“I got to go…” I said and turned towards the Jungle and walked fast enough to get out of there.
“I better help him…” Kanika replied, and came with me. After walking a bit she started laughing, at what happened at the camp.
“Alright it’s not that funny.” I said.
“Yeah you are right.” She said and paused for a sec, then again burst into laughter.
“Stop laughing…” I said but could not control myself any longer and started laughing.
“Ok it’s over…” Kanika said, “…Mr. Sharma I personally think that you are not doing right with Sakshi.”
“Then what am I suppose to do Ms. Kanika?”
“You can just go to her and talk to her about what you want, and that she must understand, and… just that.”
“I know her she won’t understand, not at all”
“How can you say that without even trying?”
“You think I haven’t tried, but she won’t understand. Not even a word. She thinks that all that she wants must happen. She doesn’t understand that the world won’t work on her will.”
“Then at whose will does it work?”
“I don’t know maybe I.G.P.”
“What is that?”
“Nothing it was just a joke.”
“Well forget about it, look at that.” She pointed at a tree.
“An apple?”
“Yeah isn’t it nice we found an apple tree around here?”
“You still think of avoiding the doctor? Even on this island?”
“No you idiot, it is vegetarian, we can eat it.”
“Yeah I know I was just trying to… crack a joke.”
Then I heard a sound of a bush moving.
Chapter 17 – Another Trouble

“Kanika you continue to search something more that you can eat besides the apples, and I will search for something in those thorny bushes.”
“What can you possibly find there?”
“Sometimes you find most expected things in the most unexpected areas.” I said and then turned towards the bush.
As I stepped in a thorn stuck to my arm and as I still had my B.T. on my arm I didn’t healed automatically. So I removed it and as I was going to throw it away, a Liger (Lion + Tiger= Liger, I am a genius at Math…) jumped over me and grabbed me it tried to kill me by grabbing my neck in its jaws, but I pinned the thorn in its eye. It got up and I moved back, removed my B.T. and stood there the wound would still not heal, as I got it when I had the B.T. on. But the Liger healed as it also had the ability of super fast healing and the thorn came out his eye.
“What’s happening in there?” Kanika asked.
“There is a lion in here.”
“What a lion? What am I supposed to do?”
“Run away, quick call Joshi here.”
“I won’t leave you here alone.” She said (I wish she had seen the Liger and then her thoughts would be totally different).
“Alright don’t come in here, it’s very dangerous”
“Oh! Yeah it’s very dangerous isn’t it Agent Sharma.” said the Liger standing on his two legs.
“What was that?” she asked.
“Looks like I am dreaming, the tiger stood on his two legs and talked too”
“You are not alone in this dream, I am also having the same dream, and you said that it was a lion” she said.
“Did I? Look doesn’t matter it’s the same thing, both of them want to kill us, and then have dinner.”
“But both of them usually don’t talk.”
“Will you both stop this nonsense for now.” said the Liger.
“Oh yeah sure, once again what is your name?” I said.
“You must not care for that.” he said.
“Alright, so Mr. You must not care for that why it is that all of you think that I am some kind of an Agent? First the terrorist and now you, a strange, new breed found on the Bermuda Triangle only, which can talk like the humans.”
“Because I know that you aren’t just Mr. Sharma you are Agent Sharma, it seems like you haven’t told the girl till now, shall I have the favor?”
Well that was going out of hand, I can’t afford my cover to be blown in a place like this. So the only option I had was to run towards him screaming like a maniac my hands in the air and jaws down.
“Wait, what are you doing? Stop… Wait…” the Liger said. But suddenly I hit myself with a tree branch which was in my way and fell in front of the Liger, with my head up and legs towards him.
“What kind of a jerk you are?” he said.
“What’s happening in there?” Kanika asked from outside.
“Nothing we are just getting prepared for the dinner”
“Please don’t eat him, he won’t taste good at all.” she said.
“Thanks… for your help…” I said making a strange face.
“Well I am quite well at acting, now back to my character, please don’t eat him.”
“Are you working with some sort of comedians?” the Liger asked.
“I think the same now.” I replied.
He bent over me to grab my neck with his jaws to kill me.
“Anyhow, Agent Sharma prepare for your demise”
“I won’t let you do it.” I said.
“How are you going to stop me?” he said.
“With this.” I said and took my B.T. in my hand, and quickly placed it on his arm.
Suddenly he turned into a small boy of my fake height and a bit fat.
“Mummy…” was the only word that he was able to say before I hit an entire bush of thorns in his face and killed him with the thorns.
“Rest in peace…” I said, placed the B.T. on my arm and came out.
“Was that scary?” Kanika asked.
“Kind of, he was too powerful.”I replied.
“Can I have a look at the Tiger, oh! I mean lion?”
“Are you sure?”
“Oh! Come on I knew that nothing was in there, a tiger, or a lion, which can talk, and the strangest Agent Sharma? You must be crazy to make a story like this.”
She doesn’t know what she is talking about, and I can take the benefit of it.
“Yeah! That was just a story.”
“I don’t know how all this came in your mind but I like the current Mr. Sharma much more than Agent Sharma.”
“Was that a way to say that my story was not good at all?”
“Yeah because the current story is better than the one you just made” she said coming closer to me, and then she turned and said “and we better continue this story after we have reached the camp or someone there will surely murder us for staying here all alone.”
“Especially if that someone is very hungry.” I said looking the apples in her hands.
Well we went back to the camp and a shocking moment was waiting for me there.
“Where is the fish?” I said looking at the bones of the gigantic fish that we hunted earlier.
“In someone’s tummy” Joshi said pointing towards Srijita.
Chapter 18 – Compromises

“This can’t be, you ate the monster fish all alone?” I asked her.
“What more do you expect that is my favorite dish, and besides I was not the only one who ate it, everyone did except Sakshi.” She replied.
“Hey don’t get us into this we just ate a piece of it, a ratio of 5% to us and rest to you.” Mishra replied.
“No matter what you ate that fish all alone without me and I really wanted to have a piece of it, It was a royal one.” I said.
“No it wasn’t royal, I know that. It was kind of new species, not royal.”
“It was… just forget about it you won’t understand (What a surprise how can someone stay so slim with such a great appetite)”
“Well someone might have to compromise with the apples now.” Kanika said.
“I guess so…”
“And that someone can also suck on some trees now.” Sakshi said.
“Hey think before you speak, you weren’t the one whose favorite dish is eaten up in his absence even after working so hard to get food for everyone.” I said roaring in anger. She picked an apple in hesitation and started eating it.
“Wow is that his true anger?” Kanika asked.
“Nope it’s just a small example of his true anger.” Varun replied.
I grabbed an apple and started eating it.
“It’s alright and also an apple a day keeps the doctor away.” Kanika replied.
After eating and a bit talking, joking and laughing everyone went to the tents that we made out of parachute. Well there were two tents, one for the girls and the other for the boys. I and Joshi came to an agreement that in order to guard others overnight we will be keeping a watch turn by turn. The problem was who will be awake first?
“Joshi you can do this much for me after all I went two times to get food, one time for the Non-vegetarians and second time for the vegetarians, so I am tired.”
“I didn’t asked you to go their again and again, you did it to impress Kanika and that’s why this excuse is not taken into account.”
“Hey that’s so mean of you, how you can leave someone to drain his energy by working continuously for more than 8 hours”
“That’s my style…”
I just gave him a smack on his head and replied “That’s my style”.
“Al right so we are going to decide it the hard way”.
Both of us got ready for the deciding battle, and our fists were high in the air.
“You sure you want to do it?”  I asked.
“You got it on yourself on your own.”
“But you always lose.”
“I won’t this time.”
Both of us screamed together… “Stone! Paper! Scissor!”(Yeah Yeah an old joke)
I had stone, and he had scissor. But he quickly screamed “Kanika” and I turned my head to look at her and he changed to paper.
“Hey you cheated.”
“No I didn’t.”
“Yeah you did, you had two fingers opened.”
“No I had all five.”
“No I remember you did had two.”
“You are just excusing, the truth won’t change by this.” He said as he went inside his tent.
Slowly all went inside and I was just left alone outside still numb on the thought of being alone (You can really imagine me gone white).
It was about an hour and I was still alone guarding everyone when I heard a voice from behind. I quietly turned around to see that it was Kanika.
“Trouble sleeping?” I asked.
“Yeah I usually don’t sleep on ground, even if we have arranged some leaves to sleep on. What about you? You like to night watch?”
“Nope it’s just… hard time sleeping, so you can see the stars right now they are much clear”.
“Yeah but the most important one is right in front of me.”
“You mean to say that I am a star?”
“No not that kind but like someone…”
“…Special?”
“Yeah, just a guess?”
“Yeah. That time before you asked me my real name, I mean my first name…”
“Are you going to tell me that?”
“Yeah I think, but if I won’t?”
“I told you that I have started trusting you even without you using your gift. I don’t care if you tell me or not.”
“Fine then… I mean I will tell you some other day.”
“Oh! I thought that you will tell me now, well doesn’t matter, I got to go.”
“Wait it’s…” as I was telling her that another voice came and disturbed us, (the voice of my biggest enemy) I turned around and saw Joshi.
“Every night in my dreams
I see you, I feel you,
That is how I know you go on”
Kanika blushed and walked towards her tent.
“Yeah great love theme from titanic.” I replied.
“Far across the distance
And spaces between us
You have come to show you go on”
“Alright stop it. She is gone now, and is your problem of getting at the wrong place at the wrong time from your birth or did you gained it somehow?”.

“Near, far, wherever you are
I believe that the heart does go on…”
“Alright stop it already…”  I yelled. And he was still smiling.
“So are you in a mood to continue our mission?” he asked.
“Yeah, I am working on it.”
“What part of it was watching the sky in the night?”
“We better find the source of the radiation.”
“You seem different since we got at the airport, much more energetic, optimistic, is it all because of her?”
Chapter 19 – Searching The Island

“I don’t know I don’t even feel the change in me.”
“You don’t need to feel what you are already living.”
“Let’s search a bit of this place we have a job to finish.”
I moved deeper in the forest as I said this.
“You know I just had a thought in my mind how are we going to get back if we get lost?” Joshi asked.
“Simple, the answer is this.” I said as I rubbed my hand on a tree and showed him oil on my hand which was on all the trees in a line.
“Oil? I don’t remember this island having oil reserves.”
“No it don’t, you remember the dragon we saw today.”
“Yeah, the one which flew above us.”
 “It wasn’t a real dragon, it was a machine, with some problem, it was leaking oil, not pissing.”
“And this is the same oil, which it was leaking?”
“Yeah it’s a special kind of grease which is not found on earth.”
“Then why is this dragon working, but not our other devices?”
“Think again, our devices were working until the dragon showed up and I noticed that at that time it landed somewhere around here, soon after that our devices stopped working, that’s why I forced you all to get down here at that time.”
“And that damage, it might be because of the plane crash, they might have collided when the plane was losing altitude.”
“Exactly, the only reason why it returned was the damage it took, and if it is around here somewhere, then the control panel for Zemo radiation will be around here, and if we shut it off…”
“… Then we can use our devices once again, and return to the camp.”
“That’s a real interesting story” said a third voice from behind us. I jumped and turned around to see that Srijita was following us.
“What all did you heard?” I asked.
“The collision of the dragon and the plane, but I don’t know why will a dragon attack a plane? It is a useless story.”
“That’s right he have a problem of making useless stories, isn’t it Sharma?”
“Yeah… Joshi is absolutely right” (How the hell did she got here?)
“By the way why did you follow us?” asked Joshi.
“Nothing, had a hard time sleeping, there are so many mosquitoes here, it’s impossible to sleep with them around you. By the way where are you going?”
“Just trying to walk around a little, good for digestion.” I replied.
“Good idea I will walk with you too and then I will also digest that fish easily, it was really big…”
“Wait a sec. you can’t come with us…” Joshi replied.
“Yeah it’s too dangerous for you to be out right now.” I said.
“Yeah you are right, I must go back.” And she turned walked two steps, as we started to turn she returned again, and said “If it’s dangerous to be out right now then why are you two roaming around here?”
“Because we are boys and we can do it.” Joshi turned and said.
“Hey that’s totally unfair” she said.
“Wait! Joshi we shouldn’t be doing such discrimination, let me handle this, look we are strong and brave, I mean you too are brave and good hearted but, this is a job for some strong people, and you… are quite a bit… weak for this… isn’t it?” I said.
“Yeah you are right, then I must return.” She said, and again she turned around and took two steps and as we started to turn, she returned again and said “But there is another problem.”
“What now?” I yelled as I turned.
“I just forgot the way back. And besides I will be safe if I stay with you.” She said.
“Just leave and find the way but it’s dangerous for you to be with us too, TRUST ME” I said.
“Really alright then I will leave” and again she turned around and took two steps and as we started to turn, she returned again and said “If it’s dangerous for you two then I must be there to help you if something bad happens, so it’s done, I am coming with you.” She said and walked forward leading us.
“This girl can’t be reasoned with.” I said.
Joshi was now staring at me in anger, “What?” I asked.
“You shouldn’t be such discriminating, let me handle this” he replied.
“What you must have helped me in arguing it’s not just my fault.”
“But… huh! Leave it never mind” he said and we walked deeper in the forest.
Soon we reached a hi-tech cave (Sounds strange, but it really was a Hi-tech cave build with all alien tech).
“Wow, nice whose house is it?” Srijita asked.
“This is no house, it’s a cave.” I replied.
“Cave, doesn’t look like one” she replied.
“Yeah it’s quite a bit advanced for a dragon” Joshi said.
“Maybe this isn’t for a dragon, maybe it is just a pet here.” I said.
“Let’s search this place a bit” Joshi said.
“Good idea, you search this area, and I will search the database.” I said after looking the super computer on my right.
“And what about me?” Srijita said.
“You can guard the cave and alert us if someone comes here.” I replied.
“Hey that’s a good idea.” She said and walked out, and once again she came back in and said “But if something bad happens to me than what? I will stay with you.”
“No way… you should stay with Joshi and help him find something which we can use here”
“But I don’t know what kind of strange stuff is in there, what if something dangerous is lying around here? I will stay with you near this computer, it’s safe around here.” She said.
“I guess your magnetism worked once again.” Joshi said.
“Why me? Why am I always stuck with all the problems? Fine just don’t disturb me” I said.
“Deal.” She said. Joshi went in and I started my work on the computer.
“This might be easy, I just need the password to get into the computer.”
“Wow how will you find the password?” she said.
“I have got three tries, first I will try to guess the password, if that fails, which is most probable, and then I will hack into the system and get the password.”
“Ok... nice strategy”
“Thank you, and I guess we had a deal?”
“Yeah sorry.” And she kept a finger on her lips.
“So this might be the password.” And I typed a password.
‘INCORRECT’ displayed on the screen.
“Hey I have a question, why is it showing star-star when you are typing the password, this happens with me too when I type the password for my Facebook account or any other account” she said.
 “That’s to hide it so that if anyone is standing around you, they can’t see it and it should not get leaked.” I replied.
“Yeah but it’s still star when no one is around me”
“I almost got depressed by this answer and thought that Joshi might be in a much better condition.”
Chapter 20 – Clues

So I escaped from that silly girl at last, now I need to find the source of that Zemo radiation if it is even here.
“What is that?” I said to myself when I saw a piece of cloth that seems familiar. I went towards it and picked it up, I felt like I have seen it before. So I kept it in the evidence pouch, just like the pouch that Sharma had with him.
Then I searched this cave more and I went deeper. There was something really dangerous which stunned me. The dragon itself, I can’t belief that this was happening. This one seemed dead too. I went near it and looked closely, although I didn’t had the guts to touch it but I bought my hand close enough to it.
Then I turned around and got what I wanted, the device which was emitting the Zemo radiation. I went close to it and removed the master chip from it, which shut down the device.
As soon as it went out the dragon started snoring, and I looked at it.
“Can this be true? Can this dragon be a robot?”
“… Agents come in, do you copy?” Brain said on the communicator.
“This is agent Joshi I copy.” I replied.
“What’s your status? What exactly is happening there?”
“When we reached on this triangle our devices went off…”
“Alright so that explains why I lost your signal. What happened after that?”
“We somehow found the Zemo emitting device and I turned it off.”
 “Good job where is Agent Sharma? Why is he not responding to me?”
“He won’t respond, he is in big trouble.”
“What kind of trouble?”
“Nothing that he can’t handle…”
Chapter 21 – Mystery Unveiling

“Agent Sharma respond, I repeat respond.” Brain was continuously giving off signals on the communicator. That son of a… Joshi didn’t thought even for a while before disabling the Zemo emitter.
“Hey I am sure I heard your voice, like this ‘Agent Sharma respond, I repeat respond’, I just can’t find the source” Srijita said.
“Yeah just keep searching for the voice box” I replied. There can be another possibility that the device was somewhere else and it was switched off in order to awake the dragon which actually was an electronic machine and now it was ready to attack us in the dark of the night (I guess I think a lot).
“Hey I just realized that the voice was coming out from your bracelet which is on your left arm.” Srijita said.
“No that isn’t true, maybe this computer have a speaker or something around there.”
“Maybe, let me check…” and she bent down to take a look at it.
“Sharma look what I found there.” Joshi said arriving behind me.
“It’s a R.C.C.” I replied as I took a look at the chip which he bought.
“R.C… what?”
“Radiat Current Connector, an important silicon based semiconductor which is used to complete a circuit that carries Radiat Current” I replied.
“What is Radiat current?” Srijita asked.
“Something that is still under development, at least on Earth. It is a form of current that is transmitted as a very low level Radiation which is not harmful and can work without Wires.” I replied.
“Then if it’s still in development How come they are using it?” Joshi replied
“This is the reason for Zemo radiation in this place. I will explain it to you later, for now I have almost got the data.” I said and turned towards the computer and finished the hacking part.
“Just to show you I found this too over there” Joshi said handing me the piece of cloth which he found.
“It seems familiar…” I said.
“That’s the piece of Sakshi’s top.” Srijita replied.
“How do you know that?”
“I remember, I saw it was the top which Sakshi was wearing and then it was torn at that time when she returned, she said it happened because of a thorn, but I think that she might have found out this place before us and didn’t want to tell us about it.”
“Maybe she is right” I said as I turned towards the screen and played the security footage. There were two people talking, the first one was Sakshi, but I can’t see the second one as he had his back towards us, but it was wearing a white lab coat. And I can surely tell that this was the same person who created the landslide today then the man took her somewhere and showed the dragon to her.
“It’s the same dragon…” Joshi said as I interrupted him saying “Shhhh! Look at that”
As the man activated the dragon it went out of control and stroked Sakshi’s arm making the wound a piece of her cloth fell there and the man stopped the dragon.
“We must hurry back, they all might be in danger.” I said.
“Yeah I can tell that she was in the cave with that person but what they said was not clear as the footage had no voice. Whatever it is we must return at the camp site.” Joshi replied.
“Just a sec we must take some weapons first” I said. And I went near a wall and opened a consol in order to gain access to the arms chamber.
“How do you know where are they hiding their weapons?” Joshi asked.
“I learned it from their database after hacking into the system” I replied, and entered the password to open the chamber.
“Wow so many great weapons.” Srijita said and went forward to touch a grenade.
“Don’t touch that it is a very dangerous grenade” Joshi shouted.
“Here Joshi take it” I said giving him a sniper rifle. And I took a shotgun, a cell blaster and two hand guns (Of course all worked on energy cells instead of individual types of ammo).
“What about me?” Srijita said.
“Here, take this” I said handing her a knife.
“Just this?” she said.
“It’s more than enough for you” I said walking out of the cave.
We all hurried back to the camp side and the path was much clear as I used my G.P.S to reach there. Meanwhile Srijita asked many questions like about the device on my arm and all but Joshi handled her. We are quite a good team when it comes to serious matters.
Soon we reached at the camp site, it was 2:30 A.M. and no one is to be seen neither in the tent nor around somewhere. I just looked around to see if something was around which could help us find them. I saw a paper from the notepad of Mishra which he bought to take down notes for his documentary (originally planned to take place in Africa), it said,
Joshi and Sharma if you read this that means you have reached the camp side and I want you to know that Sakshi has taken Kanika with her who was asleep at that time or most probably faint. I am leaving clues in the way and I and Varun are going to follow them. 
~From Mishra
Well this was enough for me to get on this decision that Sakshi is a mole within us, and I looked around to see another piece of paper under stone with an arrow drawn on it. We started walking in that direction and we saw another piece in the same way. After a bit of walking I saw Mishra and Varun following them. I went there and said “You could have contacted me?”
“But the phones have no signal here.” Mishra replied.
“Things have gone way too far.” I replied.
“I don’t know what you are talking about?”
Just then I realize that Sakshi was going to feed Kanika to a man eating plant. It was a very big bud like structure with green leaf like coverings opening only to take in their food. I jumped out and shouted “Stop right there” aiming at her.
“It’s too late” she said and started to throw her as that creature’s food. I shot her hand and Kanika fell on the ground awake.
“You fucking bastard…” it was all that she said before she ran.
Kanika started to crawl back from the Plant but it grabbed her legs but her tendrils. I shot one of the tendrils with the shotgun but it had already pulled her too much and it was impossible to hit it without hurting her leg, so I was forced to shoot it using my handgun and then it let go off her leg, but she was also hurt in this process.
“Are you alright?” I asked.
“No I think I might not be able to walk for a while without some support.” She said.
I looked around and took some small leaves which can work as a medicine and then a long flexible one in order to tie them on her wound.
“Where did you got all these?” Varun said looking at the weapons.
“I bought them from a black market dealer, now don’t ask anymore ques. Take it” I said handing him the cell blaster and the shotgun to Mishra after completing the first aid.
I and Joshi helped Kanika to get on her feet and she had her arms around our neck and walking on her left foot.
“So at least now you can tell us what exactly is going on here?” Varun asked.
“You won’t belief me if I tell you TrUsT Me” (Well it did worked on the girls but now the boys) I said.
“Try me?” Varun said.
Chapter 22 – Time To Tell The Truth, Just Part Of It

“Sakshi is an alien and I saw it on security footage of a cave that we found out wandering in the forest, also I got these weapons from the same cave and now they might help us escape this forest” I replied.
“Do you think I am a fool?” Varun replied.
“We are not lying, ask her.” Joshi said pointing towards Srijita.
“Yeah it is true I saw it too Sakshi was acting in a movie on the computer with no voice, maybe it was a silent film, but then they didn’t had any placards? I don’t know but something very strange was going on in that cave” she replied.
“Alright I trust you now…” Varun said.
As I started walking towards the other direction from the cave I heard another question, “Where are we going?” Mishra said.
“Towards the exit” I replied.
“Wait, aren’t we going back at the camp?” Srijita asked.
“Nope they might have already reached the camp and now might be out searching for us. It isn’t safe anymore, we must find a way off this island as soon as possible” Joshi said.
“That means even if we have to walk in the night?” Mishra asked.
“Absolutely, it’s good that the weather is warm enough as it is an island or we might have been frozen by this time.” I replied.
We were walking for a couple of minutes and no one talked at all except for a little while when Kanika said to me “Thank you for saving me once again, it’s the third time in the last two days.”
“Yeah, technically forth…”
“It’s the same, I forgot the plane crash”
“Well mention not, and thank you to you too for trusting in me and my words and…”
“Yeah mention not, I mean that it was like that I trust you now without even you saying that and…”
“I have a good idea why don’t both of you just don’t mention anything and we walk out of this crap safely and then you go on a date or something and mention everything over there.” Joshi said.
“Yeah good idea…” I said.
“About the date?” she said.
“No… I mean the date is a good idea too but I was saying about keeping quite…” I replied.
We walked for another couple of minutes resting and then walking again then it was finally a view of the sunlight as it came piercing the trees around 8:10.
“I am feeling tired and I need some rest” said Kanika.
“Can you walk at all?” Joshi asked.
“I don’t think so not for a while.” She replied.
“Alright we will rest here for a while” I said.
“But we might be close to the sea we can’t stop now.”
“You are absolutely right, you all go ahead and both of us will stay here and rest for a while.” I replied.
“Why don’t you go ahead and I will stay here.” Joshi said.
“Kanika will you just sit here for a while I have something to talk to Joshi” I replied, and helped her sit on a rock.
I asked Joshi to walk with me quite a bit far away from the others.
“Joshi there are reasons why I am saying all this…”
“Yeah I know you want some time with her…”
“No! you know how much aggressively I fight, if something gets in our way I might not be able to help even one of them but with your calm mind you can, it might be difficult for me to protect even her alone, but she is tired, can’t walk and we cannot leave her behind you know that.” I said.
“Maybe you are right, just be safe, and try to be a bit quick, I won’t leave without you even if a ship sees us.” Joshi said.
“I surely will…” I said.
“…What an emotional scene…” Brain said on the communicator.
“Have you prepared the rescue plan?” I asked.
“Affirmative you will be rescued by a helicopter at the very end of this river, where it meets the sea, also we have a backup helicopter in case anything happens” he replied.
“You are really useful in such situations much more useful than Sharma” Joshi said.
“Think again.” I said.
We returned to the others and told them about the splitting part of our plan. They went forward and I stayed there with Kanika. I sat on another rock just beside the one on which she was sitting.
Chapter 23 – Some Time Together pt 2

“So where do you want to go for a date?” I asked.
“I don’t know wherever you want to take me.” She replied.
“I am not good at choosing places”
“Neither am I.”
“What about a candle light dinner? In a… say five star?”
“Can you afford that?”
“I surely can… (After all I have not used my salary at all since I joined I.G.P.)”
“I don’t want that much but what about going to a quite place and just spending time together just like now”
“Well I didn’t think about that.”
Both of us looked in each other’s eyes and made a strong eye contact and started moving closer to each other, out lips open just a little bit, and eyes dimming slowly and…
“Do you hear that?” I asked, and pulled out my guns.
“No I don’t hear anything” she replied.
“Yeah maybe I was just thinking too much” I said, and went towards the river washed my face and then turned back and lied down with my arms behind my head and facing upwards.
“You might sleep if you stay like that.” She said.
“Yeah didn’t slept even for a sec last night” I replied.
I was still sure that I heard something and my mind was working in order to revel that, just when Kanika came to me walking somehow and lied down beside me with her head on my chest and her hand on me.
“Everything’s going to be fine” she said.
“Yeah I know that” I replied.
“Thanks for being with me and saving me all this time.” She said.
“It’s my pleasure.”
“And I feel safe with you and…”
“And what?” I asked.
“Just that I wanted you to tell you that I don’t know that if we will survive this and…”
“We will surely survive… I promise”
“Yeah but still I want you to know this that I Love You”
“I Love You Too… Kani…” and I fell asleep
Chapter 24 – Third Agent

I can’t belief Sharma is enjoying right now with Kanika, Varun and Srijita are having a great time walking together and just I and Mishra are here getting bored, and so I am looking at my G.P.S. again and again in order to know how much distance is left, and luckily it’s not too much. Just then Mishra came to me and said “it’s really strange to find a high-tech cave in a place like this, isn’t it?”
“Yeah maybe we were lucky?” I replied.
“Too much lucky, so did Sharma found it or you?”
“We both just found it there, it isn’t like we said something like… Open Sesame and then it opened or…”
“Sharma didn’t tell you about me did he?”
“What he have to tell me about you?”
And then he showed me his I.G.P. bracelet with his name inscribed on it A. Mishra. Which proves that he is an I.G.P. special agent who is answerable directly to the Head and not the leader of small bases on different planets… there is only one Agent of this kind on each planet.
“That means you are an I.G.P. special agent.” I said.
“…Exactly he is and he is on this mission as Sharma asked him to come with you.” Brain said.
“What was that?” Varun asked turning around towards us after listening the voice Brain.
“What?” I said.
“I thought that I heard the voice of Sharma.” He replied.
“That is surely not possible.” Mishra said.
“Maybe I was just hearing thing” he said.
Then I told Mishra all that I saw in the cave. As we reached the sea I got an incoming message on my communicator. And we moved a bit away in order to read it.
“Call me as soon as possible ~Brain”
So I called him “Brain what is the problem what happened?”
“Connection with Agent Sharma is broken and he is not responding at all.”
“That’s bad…” Mishra said.
“Let me send you the exact coordinates of his location, follow them and find out what is going on” Brain said.
“We are on it…” Mishra said.
We returned to search for them as soon as we got the coordinates but Srijita asked us where we are going? And before we answered it the rescue helicopter arrived there, a man got out of it. We went towards them and told him “Get the other helicopter ready and take Varun and Srijita in this helicopter, we have some unfinished business to take care of.”
“Alright we will do as you say” the man told.
I was sure that it was the dragon that I saw in the cave attacked on him.
Chapter 25 – Kanika Kidnapped!

Some time before the message that Brain gave them…
I was sleeping on the ground and just then I heard some noise and felt the weather warmer than before, which woke me up and I saw a strange big eye right in front of me (No! No! I am not going to die by looking into the eye). I jumped sideways and realized that it was the dragon holding Kanika in one of his hand, so I tried to stop it but it pushed me into the river I somehow managed to swim to the side of the river but till then it flew away I tried to shoot it but it was of no use, suddenly it took a turn and now it was coming towards me so I jumped to my left, and planted a tracker on it, but it’s wing stroked me and it felt as if it was a pure metal inside the dragon I collided with a tree and fell unconscious.
The next thing I heard was the voice of Joshi and Mishra, who were right there most probably, came to help me out.
“Brain told us that you were not responding to his calls so I thought that something bad might have happened with you…” Joshi said.
“So we came to help you out” Mishra continued.
“It’s the dragon, the same dragon we saw yesterday, it kidnapped Kanika, and…”
“…and we are going to help her out.” Joshi said.
“Bad plan, the chopper is right out there, we must go and leave this island if the dragon had taken her there is no chance that she might be still alive.” Mishra said.
“I don’t care I just have to save her at all cost, no matter what the cost.” I said.
“You must have gone crazy, how many times do you think that your luck will work?” Mishra said.
“I don’t rely on luck, the only reason I am going back there is, I want to protect her.” I said.
“The only reason?” Joshi asked.
“Look, I don’t care if you help me or not but, I have a promise to keep…” I said, and turned around to look for the dragon, using my G.P.S.
“…And miles to go before you sleep? Then you will surely need me.” Joshi said walking beside me.
“Both of you might get in trouble” Mishra yelled from behind.
“We don’t care…” I said.
“…and besides it’s going to be fun.” Joshi continued.
“I know I have to be the savior then.” Mishra said and he too joined us.
I looked closely at the G.P.S. and said “The dragon it’s not going to the previous cave but some other place.”
“Where is it?” Joshi asked.
“Somewhere near…” I replied.
“Then let’s keep moving.” Mishra said.
“Another thing the dragon I felt its wing it was made of metal, I am sure it was a machine” I said.
“Yeah yesterday night I too saw it in the cave while searching for clues” Joshi said.
“Why didn’t you told me then?” I said.
“I tried to but you said Shhhh! Look… and something.”
“You might have told me later” I said.
“Did we had time to think about that?”
“Both of you can save the fight for later right now we must get ready, we are close.” Mishra said.
As I looked into my G.P.S I realized that the dragon was close to us, if we continue to walk straight we will reach him. After walking some more I saw another cave, different from the previous as it looked old and without any tech inside so Joshi and I took off our B.T.
“So what kind of alien are you?” Joshi asked Mishra.
“I am from a breed called as Humans.” He replied.
“Is that possible?” Joshi asked me.
“Yeah he was kept here on special request after the special agent of earth was retired, as he was the first human I.G.P. member so he was posted to earth keeping in mind that he might work much more comfortably here than any other planet.” I replied.
“So I don’t need any B.T.” Mishra replied.
“Then how will you fight those aliens out there much stronger than you?”
“The same question applies to you too, you aren’t the strongest alien, and perhaps I have learnt martial arts from a very young age, I can survive easily” he replied.
As we went inside the cave I saw someone sitting in there, whose face was not clear. I took out my guns and slowly moved towards it. When I was close enough I figures out that it was none other than Kanika and she had that tracker on her.
“Sharma?” she said in a low voice.
“Don’t worry I am here, everything is going to be fine.” I said opening her bonds.
“No leave it’s a trap…” she said.
“What?” and then suddenly a man stroked on her head from behind and she fell unconscious.
“Agent Sharma, we finally meet, I have heard a lot about you.” That man said.
As I got up he hit me with a rod hard enough that I was pushed back. I got up and saw Mishra and Joshi pointing their guns at him.
“Who are you?” Joshi said.
“And how come you have heard a lot about me? I am not that famous.” I said.
“From your old friend, he speaks quite highly of you.” The man said.
“Who is that old friend of mine that tells you about me?” I asked, to which he responded by just a small smile on his face “Answer me.” I yelled.
Chapter 26 – Important things to take care of…

“You need not worry about that, I will just tell you that he is my master and before meeting him you all will be the lunch of my baby.” He said calling the dragon with a whistle and it appeared behind him same big dangerous eyes and wide wings wide enough that he can now spread them in this cave (Wide enough to knock someone unconscious). We started to move out all of us pointing our guns towards him.
As we moved out the first thing it did was blow some fire breathe at us which we easily douched. Then it started to do attacks after attack either by its claws or the fire or even worse by its tail which was really unbearable. But we managed to survive somehow. All three of us moved behind trees to hide, then I said, “Cover me I have got a plan”
“What is it?” Joshi asked.
“That creature is made up of metal and most probably if it strikes me with its claws it will take damage due to my blood.” I said.
“That’s madness…” Mishra said.
“Don’t worry, I will heal quickly and nothing much will happen to me” I said.
“Be careful” Joshi said.
“I will…” I said and jumped out.
Both of them started to shoot at it and I moved towards the dragon taunting it to attack me. And so it did stroked me with its claws, some of my blood was left on its claws but it didn’t dissolved the metal on its claws.
“Such naive you are…” said that man coming out of the cave “…Its body is made up of metal but it is special alloy on its claws which prevent it to melt when it comes in contact to your blood.”
“That means it’s of no use?” I said while my wounds healed. Then suddenly it grabbed me and threw me towards a tree like I was a stuff toy. Then it reached me and started to hit me again and again on that tree injuring my back. It hit me until the tree collapse on the ground. Then it turned towards the others who were firing at it and started to fight them. I can barely see now with all that beating and that much blood loss had made me weak.
I was just able to see a little bit and I saw that it was trying to kill my friends just like it tried to kill me and I pulled my gun and shot towards it which hit directly its left eye injuring it.
He was half blind now and cannot see properly which gave us some lead but not too much. That man approached me and was talking on his communicator “… yeah mistress everything is going according to plan and this island will soon be ash with Agent Sharma and his friends, soon our master will return and acquire this planet too just like the others he had earlier.” Then he turned off the communicator.
“So it was all part of your plan from the beginning to get me here and sink me with this island” I said.
“Exactly, Agent Sharma that flight and all the stupid aliens on that flight also that bomb, it was all part of our plan, I wanted you here with your weaknesses, your innocent human friends, they slowed you down a lot, then also those creatures were to make you weak so that you cannot fight back when you will need to, look at you right now it’s the result of all this restless work. Now you can’t fight back, not at all”
“What about the bomb on the plane, it was not activated, how did it exploded?”
“It was activated when I gave it to him it was designed to blow on a special coordinate so that the plane must crash on the island as I have decided, all part of my mathematics, I am a great scientist isn’t it?”
“You forgot one thing” I said.
“What’s that?”
“Good always win in the battle of good and evil”
“Such stupid emotions, like a child living in fairy tales, Agent Sharma grow up, be an adult”
“Don’t tell me to grow up I was born an adult.” I said and shot his leg, as I got up.
“What how is that possible?” the scientist said.
Chapter 27 – Minutes To Relax

“I think that your friend didn’t told you that we people of planet Dreath have tremendous power of not only healing but we make up lost energy way too fast if we had something to eat in the last 24 hours and I remember that I had dinner last night. So this gives me power to fight for next say 24 hours, all I needed was some minutes” I said as I picked up the fallen tree which had my blood on it “Now get aside I have a monster to kill” and stroked the creature with that tree leaving my blood on it which dissolved a little of its left body leaving a gap to see a reactor inside. But then it quickly moved towards the huge cave in order to hide the hole, but I blocked the entrance with the tree in my hand, so it leaned with the outer side of the cave and covered the gap on its body.
We had another problem now to move it away from the cave, both of them were shooting at it still it didn’t move a bit, but I had some other idea I climbed the cave and signaled them to use vine to pull it away from the cave. Mishra didn’t seemed to understand but Joshi got it and pulled some vines and threw it towards the dragon, but it burned them with his breathe. So I shot him and it breath fire at me.
It was then that they were able to get the vine around the dragon’s neck and pull it towards them as soon as I saw the gap I shot the reactor with five shots one after another, and overloaded the reactor which made the dragon go out of control and moved around, strike at some trees and fell, followed by an explosion in the reactor.
“Rest in peace little bastard” I said.
The scientist was trying to escape but I jumped in front of him and said “You had a pet dragon, just like the others who attacked us, but it was too hard to control”
He turned the other side and saw Joshi there “So you decided to make an electronic dragon after killing the real one” he said.
He turned again to a third side but Mishra was there “And that’s why you had this island covered with Zemo radiation it stops the dragon when it went out of control and also it hid the island from the outer world.”
“Don’t take a step ahead, I am warning you…” he said as we moved towards him. Then he suddenly took out a remote control and showed it to us in fear “You see it the whole island is covered with explosive. If I press this button…” as he said this something shot through his head. We turned to see what it was and Sakshi was standing right there holding a grapple gun and a handgun like mine.
“He was no longer of use to us” she said as she used the grapple gun to get the remote control.
“No! Stop…” I said as she got it in her hands.
“You stop right there, let me warn you, you have got two choices risk everyone’s life and try to catch me in that case I will press the button and detonate the entire island or just take your friends away before I leave the island and activate the bomb, the choice is yours.” She said.
“You won’t do that…” I said.
“Oh! Really, try me. If I prove to be useless to master then he will kill me just like I killed him, but in a more deadly and painful way, so if I have to die why not with this island taking you down with it?”
“That won’t help join us and this can be stopped. There can be peace all around the world.”
“Such foolish emotions, like a child, Agent Sharma these humans have changed you, made you weak and helpless if left alone, what will you exactly do without your team? You used to be strong earlier but now, you are so much depended on these people around you. You can no longer match him.” She threw a smoke bomb and hid herself in the smoke “One last thing Agent Sharma you have got some 15 min before you can escape this island, sounds like a video game to me, you like them don’t you?”
And after that she vanished in the trees.
“Both of you leave quick and wait for me at the shore I will meet you there as soon as possible” I said.
“Are you going back for her?” Joshi asked.
“Yeah I can’t leave her here, no matter what the cost is.”
“But the entrance to the cave is blocked how will you go in there?” Mishra asked.
“I have got a plan.”
Chapter 28 – Do Or Die

“You never got a plan” Joshi said.
“I have always got a plan, you just don’t know it, trust me” and I kept my hand on his arm.
“Take care” Joshi said.
“I will, enough talk, leave quick”
As both of them left the place I went towards one of the broken claw of the dragon and picked it up it might be strong enough to cut through a tree as it had no effect with my blood so I went near the tree and sliced it in a single strike.
She was still in there unconscious, so I went near her and picked her up in my arms and started to run out towards them. Both of them were on my G.P.S. due to the tracker that I planted on Joshi’s arm when I asked him to trust me (And as usual the ‘TRUST ME’ didn’t worked). It was a race against time as I knew that after leaving the island Sakshi will switch on the detonators. I was still running with all my strength when Kanika woke up.
“What is it? Why are you running?”
“We need to meet the others as soon as possible” I replied.
“What happened to that dragon and the cave and that man?”
“You must be dreaming, don’t you remember that you slept there on the ground beside me.”
“I can still feel the pain on my head due to the strike of that man” she said.
“You hit it on a rock while sleeping don’t you remember?”
“No I don’t…”
“Then you were in too deep sleep”
“Yeah but…”
“TRUST ME”
“Alright”
While walking I saw the detonators on a tree beside me went online and I felt unsafe now, so I ran even faster.
“I feel strange like you have gained some height and some muscles too” she said.
“That’s because I never picked you up like this so it seems a little high which give the effect of me being a little taller and being too close makes you feel like my muscles have grown” I replied.
“Well I guess that I just need to trust you, isn’t it?”
It was a little more walking before I can see the sea and the others just when the island started to blow and I barely made it to the end and climbed on the helicopter escaping the island. It was a close call as I saw the island sink in front of me and we made off the island.
“Thanks for everything on that island” Kanika said.
“We will be at the HQ soon.” The pilot said.
“It’s a pleasure to…” the other one said as I saw him with eyes indicating that he should change the line
“… To save… someone… off that island.” He completed.
“It’s my pleasure to be saved by you officer.” I said.
“Lieutenant…” he said.
“Lieutenant” I replied.
“So we finally escaped the island and it might be over” Joshi said.
“Maybe” I replied.
“Maybe?” Mishra said.
“Yeah maybe it’s not the end, maybe it’s just the beginning, the beginning of a new reign, a new… war.” I said. Kanika held my hand hearing this although she didn’t knew much about it, just that Sakshi was an alien and more might arrive like her….

-----To be Continued-----
Bonus – Extras…

Now! Now! With the end of this part of the story, which I hope that you surely liked, I have added some pages with some interesting stuff, first of all you can decide the actual appearance of all the characters yourself either according to their characters or someone from your friend circle, to get more and more into the story, whichever way you like, quite frankly I also did the same and all the characters in the story are my good friends in real life, including Sakshi whom I showed as one of the antagonist, I hope she don’t mind.
First of all I would like to tell you the back story of all the agents, starting from Agent Joshi, he was born on a planet where exactly half of it is land and half of it is water, as a child he was very cheerful and happy boy, but with time he became, more of a comedian. Upon joining I.G.P he had a dream to be the hero of everybody in the universe, but he was posted on Earth, which was calm till now, due to which he gave up his dream of being a hero. With agent Sharma he learned a lot and decided to live his life in peace, but this incident changed his and all of other lives.
As far as Agent Sharma is concerned he was the Prince of planet Dreath, which didn’t signed the contract with I.G.P, but decided to leave that planet, he was really disappointed with the ways his people used. Although looking like Humans they didn’t have even 10th part of a human’s Brain. So they used to enhance the Brains of small children with the help of a technology that was illegal by the laws of I.G.P. That really made him angry as he lost his childhood due to this enhancement, it was like an adult was born. Then he left his planet and searched for something that might keep him occupied, and passed on the throne to his younger twin brother, who wasn’t identical to him. Later on he came to earth as an I.G.P. agent and lived the rest of his life in peace with a fake family, who actually loved him like their own child. He made the extremely strong and smart super computer Brain and it had a voice just like him. He then met agent Joshi and became his best friend.
Agent Mishra was the only human in I.G.P. and had no place where he can be appointed as an agent due to some complications, so the best place for him was Earth and hence he was appointed there as an special agent, with no formal training in the Inter Galactic Martial arts he was a strong human knowing Kung Fu, Karate and Jujutsu, also knowing the art of Kendo.


If you want to contact me then my e-mail address is: Yathansh.sharma007@gmail.com
See you soon…
