
JEREMY
By A.H.French

Published by A.H.French at smashwords
copyright © 2020 A.H.French
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.


CHARACTERS
Jeremy- Junior at Texas Tech
“Jack” - Scout Ship Organic Brain
Tianna- Volaran councilor
“The Brain”- Volaran Organic Brain
“Bell”- Battleship Organic brain
Tianna’s parents- Raina and Hently
Councilor Rhamas
Commander Anvers- officer of Battle ship
The Council- Volar leaders
Ron- mental weapon


		Table of Contents

CHAPTER 01- Jeremy
CHAPTER 02- Misfortune Knocks
CHAPTER 03-  Abduction
CHAPTER 04- Finally Awake
CHAPTER 05- touchdown On Volar 
CHAPTER 06- Temporary Home
CHAPTER 07- Relating Histories
CHAPTER 08- Dream
CHAPTER 09-The Council
CHAPTER 10 -The Ship
CHAPTER 11-Something Is Terribly Wrong
CHAPTER 12 -Round Table Discussion
CHAPTER 13 -The Journey Home
CHAPTER 14-The Warehouse
CHAPTER 15- The New Recruits
CHAPTER 16 -Welcome To Volar
CHAPTER 17 -Shocking News
CHAPTER 18 -The Enemy
CHAPTER 19- Phase Two
CHAPTER 20 -What To Do?
CHAPTER 21- Return to Volar
CHAPTER 22- R&R
CHAPTER 23 -Premonition
CHAPTER 24  The Next Phase
CHAPTER 25 -Another Recruit
CHAPTER 26 -Homeward Bound
CHAPTER 27 -Awake
CHAPTER 28 -The Council
CHAPTER 29- Earth Bound
CHAPTER 30 -The World Council
EPILOGUE












CHAPTER 1 Jeremy

Jeremy Joseph Springer; that's the name I''ll give him when he's born. His mother was so happy when she went into labor that she didn't want any drugs to ease the pain. The labor was less than two hours and mother held her son in her arms. The attending doctor came in to see her and see if she needed anything. She asked for a cup of tea and the nurse that was with him left to get it. "Mary, I'm having a specialist come to see you later today." Mary became quite upset and the doctor hurried to tell her the baby was fine. "I don't understand",  she said. "It may be nothing, but I want some one to look at you and make sure you are fine also." The nurse came back with her tea and put the baby in a bassinet next to the bed. As she drank her tea, she wondered what a specialist was going to find. She felt great. As the day wore on she became more agitated. The alarms went off at the nurses desk and a nurse accompanied by a resident came running into her room. She looked at them as they looked at her. The resident asked Mary what was wrong and she replied,"nothing". "Well, something set the sensors off that are attached to you." "Okay, I'm worried about the baby." "The baby is fine. All readings are normal. You need rest. Nurse go get a hypo." When she returned, the resident gave her the shot and told her it was just to let her relax. 
She woke up in the morning just as the nurse walked in with her breakfast. "Feeling better today honey?" "Yes, I think so. Where is Jeremy?" The nurse wheeled the bassinet over and Mary could see he was sleeping. After breakfast the specialist walked in and introduced himself. He told her he had been looking over the MRI and said he had good and bad news. "The good news is there is no sign of cancer. The bad news is, your felopian tubes have to be removed. It is not major surgery, but the sooner we do this the better." She asked why and he answered that there was a growth there and though not cancerous now it could be later. She hesitated and the doctor said that either way she could no longer conceive. The only damage now is to you. She asked to talk it over with her husband and he agreed. He would need an answer by dinnertime so as to get the OR scheduled. It was not the easiest decision they had made, but they did not want Jeremy to grow up without a mother. So the following morning they operated and two days later Mary and the baby came home. Jeremy grew like a weed and like most little boys kept his mother busy. Mary loved her little boy, more so, as he went through the childhood diseases and the teeth that had to fall out or be removed. Life was good till Jeremy was twelve
.
CHAPTER 2 Misfortune Knocks


His mother had slowly started to become tired for no reason. After a couple weeks, dad took her to the doctor and he had her sent to the hospital immediately. The prognosis was not good. Stage four cancer in her liver. The next day she went into a coma. The hospital tried everything to make her well but after three months she died in her sleep. His dad could not understand why this happened. he was a mess mentally and started drinking. It took him six months to realize he still had a son to raise. He sobered up and went to his job and requested a stay at home job so he could be there for his son. It was granted immediately. Jeremy and his dad reached a point where they had been before the death of Mary. His father worked to improve Jeremy and himself and he succeeded. It was in his junior year of high school that he was called out of class. Asking what the problem was, an officer and the principal informed him his dad had died in an automobile accident. He was to stay away from school till he had everything straightened out and he felt the need to continue. While he was sorting things out, a woman two houses down stopped by and asked if he would like to come live with her while he finished his education. He had no reason to stay in an empty house, so he accepted her offer if she would let him help with the mortgage on her property. Done and done. Together they straightened out Jeremy's home and sold it.Shortly the life insurance was paid to him and his dad's portfolio at work was turned over to him. He found he could pay off her mortgage and still have a sizable amount to get through college. Upon graduating he applied to Texas Tech for admission in the fall. He received notification he was to be accepted. a week later, his benefactor and friend entered the hospital and died of a heart attack while having surgery. He began to feel like anyone he cared for would die shortly after becoming a friend. With Deloris gone he didn't need that big house or the estate she left him. He sold everything and bought a little bungalow at the edge of town. He no sooner got settled and it was time to shut the place down and go to Texas to school. His freshman and sophomore years were enough to keep his mind occupied so he couldn't dwell on his misfortunes. before he knew it it was time to start his junior year. He loaded the car and off he went, eager to learn all he could. Life was about to change.

CHAPTER 3 Abduction

It was the middle of July and College students had their final grades and school  was closing for the summer. Jeremy Springer was heading home for the summer after finishing his junior year. Jeremy had just passed through Roswell, New Mexico on his way home from Texas Tech, when he thought he had seen something in the rear view mirror. After checking to be sure he was still in his lane, he again checked the mirror. Whatever he thought he saw was no longer there. He had had a rather long day, finishing his last class at two and wishing all his friends a good summer, packing, and getting on the road at six. It was now past nine and he was tired. So, he pulled over and parked at a truck rest stop. An hours rest would do him good. His subconscious took over and he soon entered a dream world. When he woke up it was quite dark, but he could see the lights of Roswell below. "BELOW! "What is going on?" As he looked out the side window of his car the lights were falling lower. No, he was climbing higher. Too high to jump out; and no way down. A strange smell entered the cars cabin and Jeremy was soon fast asleep.

Slowly the auto and Jeremy rose toward a disc overhead. An opening appeared in the bottom and the auto rose into the opening. Once inside, the opening closed and the object left Earth and made its way out of the solar system. After passing the orbit of Pluto it shimmered and disappeared. A robot with a floating platform entered the hanger where the auto and the sleeping young man were. He removed Jeremy from the vehicle and gently placed him on the platform. With platform in tow, the robot made its way to an open panel. It entered with Jeremy and the panel closed. The lift went up and opened at another level. The robot proceeded to a panel marked "Medical Room". Once inside, it put Jeremy into a coffin like capsule and attached tubes and wires as it was directed to by an unknown source. The robot left and lights turned off and the panel closed. As Jeremy slept, a feeling of something special arose. Suddenly he could see the stars. they were brighter than ever before.  The moon was huge and was moving past him. No; he was moving past it. He relaxed a little and truly enjoyed the scene. As he passed some of the planets he was amazed to be this close. Finally, he was at the edge of the solar system. he had just passed Pluto when there was a minor vibration. Then, everything got a murky gray. He waited, but there was nothing more to see. Jeremy returned to that pleasant state of REM sleep. Though Jeremy slept, his mind was in a state of flux. What was happening and why was he sleeping? Was the trip past the planets real or his imagination? Why did everything turn a murky gray when he passed Pluto? What had happened to his car? Was he even alive, or was this the afterlife? Finally his mind relaxed and let him slumber in peace. Sooner or later he would find out what had happened to him. 
A far off voice asked if he would like to pass the time listening to stories about people, places, planets, and wars. Seeing as he had nothing better to do, he answered, "okay. Where do we start?" The voice said he would show him the heavens and strange planets first. Next, he was sitting in a comfortable lounge chair with a big screen in front of him. As he watched He saw a number of galaxies. Some he knew from his high school studies, others were far off or hidden behind what looked like fog. Some were so beautiful, he asked to study them for a moment. The voice told him they had plenty of time and to take as long as he wanted. After a while the voice asked if he would like to see some of the races that lived in the galaxy. That should be very interesting, and the screen shifted to a planet and he saw his first alien. "This race is very intelligent, but are planet bound. To trade with them you have to land on their only land area which is about three miles square." Jeremy asked what would they have to trade that anyone would want. "In their oceans are many chemicals and water plants that have immense value to doctors." "Interesting, to say the least." From there he was introduced to a number of other races that together formed quite a community, Not all races breathed air and others absorbed the gases they needed for survival. Some were four legged and others had a number of arms. Though some were hideous, Jeremy was still amazed and interested in them. For a short period of time the screen was blank. then it cleared and a group of flying saucers in formation went by. They seemed to have entered a solar system that was inhabited by a race with advanced technology. A bunch of numbers and odd figures sped across the screen, then the saucers veered off. "They now know this is a Volaran ship and we can proceed." "Would they have fired on us if they didn't know who you were?" "Yes." 
The screen went milky again and he slept. It could have been minutes or days, but the voice returned an asked if he would like to have a short history lesson on the galactic war that transpired about five hundred years ago. He was not into wars but something inside him wanted to get answers to what he had seen so far. "Yes I would." The history of the war started about six hundred years ago. There was a loose federation of planets in this galaxy. There had been times when opinions differed, but for the most part there was peace and tranquility. One day a hurried call was received by the committee from a member that was on the outer edge of our galaxy. Then all was quiet. A couple ships were sent to investigate and never returned. After an emergency meeting the committee sent a number of vessels to investigate. All ships were on high alert and were spread out in case of trouble, and trouble there was. Half the ships were disabled and the crews evacuated in escape pods. As the rest retreated, they picked up the escape pods and headed back to home base. Of the nine hundred crew that went out in those ships, six hundred returned. The disabled ships had been destroyed so the attackers would get no information out of them. 
The committee immediately sent word to all the worlds that they were on a war footing. All service members were put on active duty and reported to their commanders. The data that had been gleaned during that attack was, those ships that attacked them were vulnerable to our weapons. Our advantage was in numbers. A few, two member, scout ships were sent to keep track of where the enemy was and where they were headed. reports came back that a handful of enemy ships stayed in that solar system and were keeping the inhabitants from using their ships. The military immediately sent a large contingent of warships to that solar system and destroyed the enemy ships and took survivors back to be interrogated. They found out where the armada had come from and how large it was. Knowing this they attacked the armada in an open section of the galaxy. There were huge losses on both sides, but our ships could be replaced in short order. They were far away from home and had no way of replacing ships and crew. There was one more battle fought and the enemy surrendered. At the formal surrender they were told that we had exact locations on all their planets in their galaxy and would not hesitate to destroy all of them if they ever returned. That war took the lives of almost a million of our service personnel and hundreds of ships. A picket line of small craft were sent to the edge of the galaxy to forestall any more attacks from outside our galaxy. This war made it a priority to set up a committee to operate the defenses and offenses to be used in the future and made it the head of the military for all the races combined. There has been no sign of an outside threat in the last five hundred years. After a short pause, he was again in his slumber mode. From time to time he would wake up in the soft padded chair and the screen would be alive with stops at planets or passing through solar systems that you would think could not exist, but did. Again the soft voice woke him up and had more questions it wanted answered. For instance; did he work better in a group situation or was he a loner who did his best work solo? Up to this point he had been able to do well in both aspects of the question. "In his younger year he had been a follower. After age twelve, he not only had to be a leader, but enjoyed it." Do you consider yourself an introvert or an extrovert. "Definitely an extrovert" was his answer. What is your temperament in group situations. "Even, as most situations need someone to be even tempered." "Do you ever get angry or upset?" "It takes a lot, but, yes on occasion." "Thank you Jeremy." Back to sleep he went. 
For a longer period of time he slept. Then that voice called to him again. "Jeremy, how do you feel?" "Right now, I feel fine." Then the voice asked if he felt up to a game. Jeremy thought it would help pass the time, he responded okay. “I have a few situations to give you. Take your time and when ready, give me your solution or solutions if you have more than one to the question.” With that said, the voice asked question one. “You are on a spaceship traveling faster than light, your light drive engine shuts down. How do you return to normal space?” Jeremy thought for awhile, then said, "the only way I see to return to normal space is using your planetary engines as a brake. Only other option is to spread defensive screens, if you have such a thing, out as wide as you can to see if it has any effect." "Well done. Next, you have a complete shutdown of power." Again Jeremy said nothing while he let his mind look at the problem from all angles. "The only option I see is to remove all branches from the power source and start with one and see if it comes on line. If it does then continue to the next one and so forth till you attach the one that's the problem and it knocks the grid off line again. Remove that line and continue on. If there are no more, then the problem is with that line. If more than one line is causing the problem then see if they are connected in some way with each other. If so, isolate these lines from each other and attach one at a time. This should get you to the point where you are limited to what is causing the problem. Remove all items that use power and attach the line to the power source. If it doesn't knock out service then one or more items are causing the problem. At this point, if I could, I would use a portable power source to that line and one by one attach the units. One or more are the cause of the problem. When found, a team could either try to repair it or remove it till you get home and have it replaced." There was a pause then the voice agreed with the answer given. "Next, the food synthesizers need replenishment and have stopped working." "Jeremy never hesitated; most everything I have traveled on had emergency rations. If not, people on Earth can get along without food for quite a while. However after three or four days we need water. I would be looking for a water source, either aboard ship or on a nearby planet." "Jeremy, you have shown me answers that seasoned commanders haven't come up with. What's more, this is all being recorded and entered in a file with your name on it. There was only a twenty percent chance of you coming up with new answers to old problems. Congratulations on a job well done. I will be getting back to you shortly." And so, Jeremy went back to sleep. It barely seemed a minute, but by his mental clock was a reasonable amount of time he was again roused to a semi stupor. "Jeremy, now that you have rested, will you give me some information about yourself by answering a few questions?" Jeremy thought for a second, the agreed. "Do you have any family ties such as parents, brothers sisters, aunts or uncles?" " No, I'm afraid I'm the last of the Springer family." "How about spouse and or children?" "No, no wife or children." "Have you shown any signs of mental illness?" "Not that I know of." "Are there any real close friends?" "I have friends but none that are close." "How do you feel about politics, religion, or prejudices?" I hate politics; have no feelings about religion: And get along nicely with all races on my world." "You are a very interesting young man, Jeremy. On a closing note, do you believe in UFO's?" "You bet I do." "Thank you." Then Jeremy fell back into a deep sleep.

CHAPTER 4 FINALLY AWAKE

Jeremy tried to roll over, but ran into a barrier. So he rolled over the opposite way and again ran into a barrier. His mind was a little sluggish this morning, so it took a little time to realize he was in some kind of compartment. Then that far off voice said, "good morning, Jeremy." He replied with a good morning also. "Say, where am I and what am I in"? "Jeremy you are in a life support unit and as soon as a robot gets there you will be freed of all tubes, patches, and restraints. He will also assist you in sitting up and in time walking, as soon as you get your legs under you." He heard clips being removed and then the top opened and a metallic face was looking at him. It proceeded to undo a number of tubes, patches, and wires. Then it opened the side and helped him up to a sitting position with his legs out over the edge of the unit. The voice told him there were a series of movements he had to make and to do each one slowly. "Raise your arms one at a time shoulder high very slowly." He had to hold his breath. but he got the left arm up. Dropping it back down he repeated it with the right arm. "put one arm at a time straight out in front of you." Again he did one arm and then the other. When he was finished the voice asked if he had a degree of pain involved with those movements. There was minor discomfort, like I hadn't made use of my arms in some time. "You haven't". Jeremy sat there and wondered what had happened to him. The voice answered the unspoken words with, "I'll explain everything to you soon. But for now, let's get you up and moving." "Okay, what's next?" "Try and straighten your legs, one at a time, till they are straight out at ninety degrees from your body." Jeremy followed these instructions and it took less effort than raising his arms did. "Now try doing both arms at the time followed by the legs." Jerry followed the routine and found that with repetition it became easy. Satisfied with his progress, the voice instructed the robot to help Jeremy stand up. Jeremy was a little tipsy, but the robot made sure he did not fall. With a little help from the robot he made a few rounds of the room. Another robot entered and held a glass of what looked like orange juice. Giving it to Jeremy it turned and left. The voice told him this fluid would shorten the time needed to regain his normal movements. He leaned against the unit that had been his bed and drank all the fluid in the glass. What ever was in that glass made him feel fit and ready to go. The voice told him to remember to take his time for a few hours. Finally the robot spoke. "Would you care to go to the dining area for a light meal"? "Yes I would. Thank you." Going ever so slowly they made their way to an elevator and when it stopped, proceeded to a large room with tables and chairs. As he sat there the table got foggy and then a menu appeared on its surface. Now this is cool, he thought. "Glad you like it" came the voice. Scanning down, he noticed most of the items were what he ate at home. Looking at the robot he ordered a burger, fries, and another glass of juice. The robot stood and went over to this metallic box and stood waiting. As the top opened Jeremy could see steam rising from it. A tray rose above the opening and the robot brought it over to him. He looked at it and scratched his head. The voice told him this was a server unit and when he was hungry just order what he wanted and it will come out the top of the unit. Without hesitation, he started eating. When he was finished, he said nothing, but thought what a great meal that was. "The menu was set up for you after the original scan was completed." "Strange I just thought that last statement and you answered it without vocal interpretation." "Yes Jeremy, I'm a telepath. This was the means used to converse with you while you slept. "Speaking of that sleep period, how much of what transpired was real?" " everything." "Who are you?" "Jeremy, I am the ship that you are in." "Wait a minute! The last thing I remember was waking up in my car which was rising off the ground. You were responsible for that, weren’t you?" "Yes Jeremy, I was." "Well you can put me back down right now." "I will not be able to accomplish that at this time. We are halfway across the galaxy." "What are you talking about. I've only been asleep for a short period of time." "Jeremy, you have been in an induced sleep for almost a month. Everything you saw happened during that month, You have been through a testing phase and you passed it above expectations." Have the robot escort you to the bridge and we will resume our conversation there.

As he entered the bridge, memories flashed through his mind. That textured chair that was so comfortable and the screen that was in front of it. As he looked around he saw other fixtures and chairs in front of them also. The screen was again that milky gray color. Then it came to him, this was how the screen looked when traveling faster than light. "Yes Jeremy, we are traveling faster than light, but also moving across the galaxy like a flat stone skipping across water." "That means you can cross the galaxy in no time at all." "It takes about a month at top speed. This ship cannot reach that speed; about sixty percent of that speed is the best I can do." Jeremy then asked the question that was burning in his brain. Where were they going and how long to get there. The answer came back just as fast as the question. About three weeks and they were going to the planet Volar. "Why me, he asked?" "Jeremy, I'll have to give you a short history lesson.
The planet Volar is about sixty thousand years old. once the planet settled and went around its sun a thousand times, it had water and so greenery started to grow. Then the atmosphere got dense to the point that what grew in the water surfaced and went to dry land. From there, like your own history, came the early Volarans. Over time they progressed to the point where they started traveling to the other moons and planets in the solar system. They were avid to learn and experiment. They made unbelievable strides in all facets of science. It wasn't long till they left the bounds of their solar system and traveled to nearby stars. They met other races and trade was started. Life was just to the point of letting them take a respite when a flotilla of alien ships attacked a race on the edge of our galaxy. Ships were sent to make peace, but they never returned. War ensued and the enemy was driven off. Again strides were made. They are now at the point of regressing. To stop this and continue to move forward they needed new blood to push them on to the next level. Hence, they built ten ships and sent them with the criteria of what was needed.
The ships were to scan each race for a candidate to be taken and tested. As of right now we have found only three that will aid us. Your race is one of those. I had to be careful to remove someone who would not be missed right away, at a certain intelligence level, and physically fit. there were other criteria, but you were the prime example of your race. When you pulled your vehicle off the road to take a nap was the perfect time to bring you aboard. Once aboard we put you into an induced sleep. With that accomplished, the testing started. There were times when things you thought about got to the point where I might have had to stop testing and return you to your planet. You got past those and we continued on. The last few days we made a few changes in your make up. You now have the use of twenty five percent more of your brain. You can receive information via telepathy. It is hoped, that in time to come you may be able to converse by telepathy. You have proven that like that Earth man known as Einstein on your planet, you also "think outside the box" as you have been told. That will serve you well in the coming months. I do not want you to worry, but your race may be the only race to qualify.
"If I come up short, what will happen to me." "I'm not sure, but chances are you will return home or be allowed to stay on Volar."  "What is Volar like." "The Volarans have made the planet a virtual paradise. There are only five cities; one on each continent. The rest of the world is protected from any building, with the exception to farming. Most commerce takes place on the three moons. Industry is also done on these moons. Research is done on space platforms spread apart from Volar and the moons. Each area, Volar, moons, and space platforms offer educational facilities. The Volarans take pride in their art, music, and up until recently, research. Their educational approach is second to none. They are a peaceful race. The race itself is run by a council of thirty. The councilors are added or removed by voters. Usually, they have a lifetime job. As a race, they are well respected by the other races. We still have about three weeks till arrival; if there is something on your mind." "Actually there is".Tell me about you and if possible give me a tour". "I'm afraid there isn't much to tell when it comes to me. I am nine hundred feet in diameter, two hundred fifty feet at the axis. There are three floors consisting of suites and dining on one floor, library and gym above that, and finally the bridge, observation room, and command quarters. Above and below those floors are restricted areas. There are a half dozen robots performing house cleaning, maintenance, service, and repair. I am a scout ship. there are no military units aboard nor armaments. The ten of us were commissioned about two hundred years ago for the sole purpose of finding you and others like you. I have sent reports weekly about testing and progress. I was given the liberty to add to your physical as well as your mental acumen. In time you will notice there are things that were impossible before, you can do easily now." If you reflect a little, you will see that your education is complete. That about sums up what you need to know about me. Follow the robot and he will give you a tour of the three decks"  In walked a robot and stood by waiting for Jeremy to leave the chair. 
Once outside the bridge, the robot directed Jeremy down to the library. It was small but the voice told him there was more information there than in all the libraries on his home world. Everything was on spools and stored in small compartments along the aisles. After browsing a few spools he left and the robot took him to the gym. it was fully outfitted, including a program that supplied an opponent. Next, up to the Observation deck. There were screens there, but also a huge area with a cover over it. Before he could ask, the voice explained that in faster than light speed there was nothing to see. When they dropped out and into normal space then the cover would be removed and anyone could enjoy the view. He went over to a server and looked it over closely, but could not understand how it worked. Going over to a side table, he looked at the top and a menu appeared. Choosing a drink, he walked back over and the top slid open and his drink rose on a tray. Sipping his drink, he walked around the room and guessed that not more than twenty people could be comfortably seated at a time. "You are correct" came the answer from the ship. Leaving there, he was shown the command quarters. He was duly impressed. the panel opened into a very nice living room. A panel to one side turned out to be a restroom. The panel on the other side was a fully incorporated office. Straight ahead a panel opened as he neared it and the bedroom was grander than anything he had ever seen. Upon entering it there were three panels open. A master bath, a clothes closet, and a private office. As he stood there, the voice told him these were his quarters till they reached their destination. Leaving there, they went to the lowest deck and reentered the dining room. As he had already been there, the robot walked over to a panel and it slid open. Walking around the exterior corridor, they passed at least a dozen rooms. The robot said all rooms were the same. Finally the tour was over and he went back to the bridge.
"I'm impressed. There is more to you than meets the eye." In answer, the voice told him, compared to other ships in the fleet He was very  nondescript. We still have a week or so before we arrive. Is there anything that might interest you? Jeremy thought a moment then replied,"if we can converse by telepathy, I'd love to practice before we land." "That, we can do." So Jeremy passed this thought through his mind. "If we are traveling faster than light, then time should be almost nonexistant or do you go backwards in time?" Time slows down but you can't go back in time. We are traveling from your home world to a planet over halfway across the galaxy. As fast as we travel, it still takes a couple of months real time to do it. Also remember, we are also skipping across space like a flat rock skipping across water. If not for that, there would be a number of years involved in the journey. Also, remember, you will have spent nearly ten weeks on this ship while on those planets, twelve weeks have passed, give or take a week." This could really screw up your calendar. You would have to work out the loss of time when you make appointments, saying nothing about birthdays. By the way, what is your name?"  He answered that he had no name, but Jeremy could name him if it makes it easier to converse. "Back home if you didn't know the answer to something, the would say "you don't know jack about this do you? So, I'll call you Jack and then I can answer that I do know Jack.” He got no reaction from the voice. After a minute, he told Jack he was going down to the gym and work on getting back into shape. "Good, that will give me time to get some reports ready to send to Volar. The time passed rapidly and soon they closed in on Volar.

CHAPTER 5 TOUCHDOWN ON VOLAR

The ship allowed Jeremy to have a seat on the bridge as it dropped out of star drive and entered normal space. The screen in front of him lit up and he could see orbs which he presumed were planets. The ship slowed to a stop and lights started flashing across the screen. In a moment, the ship explained that any ship entering this solar system had to get clearance to enter. Each ship had a digital set of numbers that needed to be verified. Once accepted, a ship is free to continue on to Volar. We have clearance and will land in about an hour. As we continued, the ship slowly rotated so Jeremy could get a view of the surrounding area. He was astounded by some of the things he saw. A moon they went by had three rings like Saturn. On closer inspection, the rings were giant space stations that completely encircled that moon. Small ships shot in and around the stations like a swarm of bees. Further on he saw a reflected surface that caught his eye. It was a metallic sphere that had to be miles and miles in diameter. His mind had a hard time comprehending all the sights on the way to Volar  Soon after, the ship slowed and changed course. It told him the landing area was just outside of the city and there would be transportation to pick him up. With a very slight vibration the ship settled on the landing pad. Jeremy asked if he would be seeing the ship again. In all likelihood, it would be better if he didn't. Jeremy was perplexed by the answer, but figured he would be enlightened in the near future.
Grabbing a change of clothes he headed to the exit port. As the port opened he got his first real glimpse of Volar. Many things he saw were similar to Earth. Trees, birds, even bees, reminded him of home. The one thing that struck him as odd, was the cleanliness and the clear skies. No smog, no smoke stacks, and no garbage could be seen as far as the eye could see. As he was surveying the sights around him, a person had walked up behind him and touched his shoulder. He jumped a little and turned around to see a young woman. She was not an Earth woman, but was close to it. She was as tall as him and the eyes were pronounced on a soft clear face. If an artist was to paint the perfect face of a woman, it would look just like her. Her eyes were a mix of hazel and green, high cheek bones, Hair line was a little higher than Earth women, and she had a disarming smile. The first words she spoke were " thank you. I will take that as a compliment." He was dumbfounded. Rather than making him feel bad, she explained that many Volarans were able to speak mind to mind. “I believe you call it telepathy.” Then he got really nervous. She told him not to worry, as her people asked if they wanted to converse by telepathy. "I couldn't help but see your thoughts. You were almost screaming mentally. If you will allow me, I will show you how to control your thoughts and quiet those sendings." "Thank you. I would very much like your help." "On your world my name would translate to "Tianna". I am to be your host while on our world." "It will be hard seeing all there is to see with you along side of me." She laughed and asked if he was ready to start. "I'm as ready as I'll ever be." 
Following her, she led the way to a vehicle that didn't look like it would go anywhere. It looked a little like a golf cart without wheels. It was open and had no doors. Stepping in as he had seen her do, he sat and watched. she flipped a couple switches and with a little purr, they silently traveled into the city about six inches off the pavement. She explained that the city was laid out in a circle and all avenues ended in the center, There were side streets about every hundred yards and they were circles also. What she said reminded him of a huge dartboard. Asking him if he was hungry, she made her way to an open cafe. Upon leaving the vehicle, it left and they went and sat down at a table. In the center was a screen which had a number of different dishes depicted on it. She said if he didn't mind, she would make up the order for them. Not knowing what the different dishes were, he nodded his head. It wasn't long, and a tall Volaran brought them a tray filled with dishes of food. He placed a dish in front of each of them and a couple smaller dishes toward the center of the table. Tianna gave him a short nod and he left them to eat. Tianna noticed the perplexed look on his face and immediately started to explain what each dish was in reference to Earth foods. The plate in front of them had a meat that tasted much like Beef with a light sauce which added to the flavor. Beside that was protein that was much like rice. The dishes in the middle of the table were a type of mushroom. Next to that was a sauce for the rice like portion of their plate. The last was self evident, as it looked like the Earth vegetables, carrots, radishes, and onions. With a sigh of relief, he started sampling the different foods and found the meal was exquisite. While he was being informed about the dishes, the waiter brought out glasses and poured a golden like fluid into them. He carefully took a sip and was amazed at the flavor. When finished, Jeremy said he was amazed and had never had such a delicious meal as this. It was then, he realized he hadn't told her his name. He apologized and told her it was Jeremy. Tianna thought it was time for a little sightseeing. Without further delay, they stood at the edge of the street and another vehicle arrived for them.
She showed him where the council members resided, the artist enclave, the business leaders, and the teachers and professors were housed. Finally, they stopped in front of a mammoth structure, whose facade showed a large statue of a slender Volaran on either side of the large doors. This was their main library and it contained most anything you wished to know. She looked at him and asked, "shall we"? He nodded and they entered into a foyer like no other he had seen. There we numerous statues and flags along the walls. He looked at Tianna and she smiled at him and said later she would give him a quick history lesson. As they walked down the aisles he noticed there were no books. Puzzled, he asked about the absence of them. Pointing at the walls, she said all items were on little discs in the drawers that lined the walls. You go to one of the desks and ask for the information you want and it is delivered within a minute. The server would install the disc in the projector and the information would show on the screen. He smiled and told her how much easier college would be with this setup. As they walked, she pointed out the different aisles that had history, sciences, the arts, etc. After a few minutes, he realized this building was gigantic. He looked ahead and the main aisle kept going and going. He stopped and asked if it would be all 
right to sit for a minute. they settled into a couple of chairs at a desk and sat. "This place is amazing. I could never get through this knowledge base in my lifetime". "No one would, she answered. You only ask for the material you need. Let's move on to a park, or zoo, or maybe a swim in a pool or a pond." She smiled and led him back to the main doors. 

Once more, a vehicle pulled up and they left for an unknown destination. The next building was small and plain looking. Inside, it was split in half. She pointed to the left and told him to tell the server his waist size and she would see him at the exit door at the end of the rooms. To his surprise he was fitted to swimwear and given a very large towel. Exiting the dressing room he saw, to his surprise, Tianna was also in swimwear. "Shall we?" she asked. Following her they soon came out to what appeared to be a lagoon. Without waiting, she ran to the edge and dived in. He was not far behind her. When he surfaced, he turned around, but Tianna was no where in sight. Thinking she might have been hurt when she dived in, he submerged  and looked for her. When he came up for air, he spotted her on the far side of the lagoon. He swam over to see if she was all right. She looked perfectly normal and he wondered if she had swam that far under water. "Yes, we can hold air in our lungs for a long time. About ten minutes by your measurement of time." After swimming around the lagoon for a while, Jeremy got out and retrieved his towel and hers also. When she emerged he put the towel around her shoulders and thanked her for the relaxing swim. Though Tianna was slim by Earth standards, there was something captivating about her. He was thoroughly enjoying his time with her. After drying off and getting dressed, they walked a short way to a park.

CHAPTER 6 Temporary Home

Sitting on the grass with their backs against a tree, Tianna worked with him on how to keep his thoughts to himself. It took a while, but soon she said she could read nothing and he was free to stop worrying about anyone invading his thoughts. He had to admit he felt naked before. It was nice to relax and enjoy this time on her planet. Without realizing it, they had spent a good part of the day wandering around the city. Once more they stood at the curb. A cart pulled up and they got in. Tianna told him the next stop was to be the residence that would be home while he was there. Just off the center of the city the cart stopped at a squat two story building. Tianna exited the cart and waited for him. "Where are we " he asked. "This is my residence and your refuge for a little while. As she stepped on the first step a panel slid to the side and she entered. As he followed, she explained that a scan unit now had his brain wave for identification and the panel would also work for him. She then proceeded to give him a tour of her home. He was impressed by her residence and complimented her on the decor. Finally she showed him the suite that he would occupy for the duration of his stay. When they returned to the main floor there were three robots standing at the bottom of the ramp. Tianna told them that Jeremy was a guest and to be sure and see to his needs. All three could take care of the residence independently, but with three it was much faster. She explained that all cleaning, repairs, cooking, and other chores were handled by them. Now, why don't we take a break and rest. Dinner will be served in about two hours from now and this will give you a chance to relax for awhile and get cleaned up in time for dinner. Tonight it will be just you and me for dinner. He excused himself and went back up the ramp and as he neared the suite the panel slid open. He hadn't realized it before but he was definitely in need of a nap. He sent out a thought to wake him up in an hour. The sleep platform did not look all that comfortable, but he could stand it for an hour. As he settled down, the platform adjusted to him and he was amazed just how good that platform felt. It seemed he had just closed his eyes when a soft voice woke him up. 
The robot turned to leave, but Jeremy stopped him and asked if the robot could show or explain the bathroom utilities. The robot answered that he would certainly address the problem and proceeded to the panel for the bathroom. It seems as if everything was behind a panel. He was shown all the different panels and as they were opened out slid the fixture. As the robot left, he pointed to a panel by the door. Body cleansing and soiled clothes were behind that panel. Then the robot was gone. Jeremy removed his clothing and went to the panel for the shower. Out it slid and the water spray turned on. A voice asked what temperature was suitable and Jeremy replied, "seventy five degrees." Opening the panel by the door he found a chute to drop his clothes in and found soft fleecy towels and wash clothes on a shelf. Off to the shower he went. After drying off, he realized he had no clothes to put on. He left the bathroom only to find an outfit laid out on the bed. They were not the change of clothes he had left the ship with, but everything fit and even the shoes were comfortable Going back into the bathroom he opened a panel and found a sink with a cream to remove facial hair and a unit with a small orifice. Putting it near his mouth, out shot a spray that tasted a little odd, but cleaned his teeth very nicely. When he wiped the cream from his face it felt smooth and soft. He left the bathroom and sat by the bed, wondering what time it was. Looking at the night stand he saw a unit that told the time and a message that dinner was to be served in fifteen minutes. Tianna was on the patio at the back of the residence if he decided to join her.
He went out of the bedroom and down the ramp to the main floor. He was at the front of the house; so turning around and walking he soon found the entry to the patio. He looked around and thought he was in Eden. Greenery was evident through out the area. A pool was in the center. one side was a sandy beach; the other looked like inlaid marble. Lounges and chairs were set around the side and small shade trees gave cover from the sun. Sitting in one of those chairs was a very beautiful sight. With the dress she had on, she would put Hollywood Starlets to shame. He was never one to spend much time looking at girls/women, but this was first and foremost, a time to actually look at a woman and actually see the facial features and size one up from head to toe. What he saw he liked. He went over and sat near her as a robot brought him a drink. "I hate to ask a stupid question, but how do you expect me to learn all there is I need to know when you look like that?" She answered his question with, " would you like someone else to replace me?" He thought a moment and replied,"no, but if they do, they will be responsible for the suicide of an Earthling."  A moment of silence followed by a smile and a chuckle broke the silence. he stood up and asked if she would dine with an idiot from Earth. She smiled and said ,"I see no idiots around, but I will be glad to have dinner with you." He remarked after dinner, if he kept eating this way he would gain fifty pounds in a couple of weeks. She told him not to worry, the food provided was designed for us to stay at the same weight, within a pound or two. Going back out to the patio, they stretched out on lounges and shared another drink. They were very quiet for a time, then Tianna asked him to tell her about his home. 


CHAPTER 7 Relating Histories


Where to start, The beginning I guess. I was born in the summer of 2012. Nothing extraordinary happened and my parents brought me home. Most of the first six years of my life was me and mom together and dad traveling around the world. He worked for an international Tech company, as an engineer, and was needed to keep problems under control, world wide. I started school and was excited to learn all I could. I was not the athletic type, but no bookworm by a long shot. My mother would get reviews from time to time from school commenting on the" outside the box" reasoning he used to answer many of the questions asked by his teachers. The answers just seemed to blossom inside him and come out. They would ask him to show them his reasoning and he couldn't. Though the work was never shown, the answer was always right. Kids would call him an airhead, but it didn't bother him. 
"Life went pretty smooth until he was twelve. Mother took ill and was hospitalized for almost three months. Doctors tried every possible way to find out what was wrong and tried everything possible to cure her to no avail. She passed away in her sleep. He never had the chance to tell her how much he loved her and missed her. Dad took it worse than him. He took to drinking and I thought that I would lose him too. One morning as he sat at the table with coffee in hand, he said he decided it was time to take on the responsibility of raising his son. He transferred back to a job at the main plant and put our lives back together. During his senior year his dad died from injuries he suffered in a car accident. There I was, seventeen and without a family. After a month of mourning the loss of my father, a woman who lived two houses from mine came and asked if I would like to share her home. She helped me clean my house and sell it. Instead of paying rent, I took enough money from the sale and paid off her mortgage. We enjoyed life and became good friends. I was in my second year of college when she passed away from heart disease. I inherited her home and other assets. I sold everything and moved to a small cottage at the edge of town. I was on the way back there after finishing me junior year when your ship decided to take me on a cruise. And here I am. Now, whatever you do; don't die on me." She said nothing, but looking into those hazel/green eyes the words came into his mind from her; I won't die on you. I am here to help you in any way I can. You will come to realize, someday soon, just how important you are to me and all of what you have seen up to this point. Then she smiled and melted a part of him that had been frozen for awhile. "Now, I said, It is time for you to tell me a little about You and Volar." 
"Fair enough". she answered."To start off, I am nearly the same as an Earth woman. Volar women average five feet nine to six foot five. The men average six feet to seven feet tall. Our race does not get overweight due to advancements in how we produce food. There is no one without a home, food, education, or a fruitful vocation. We are raised to understand that every job is as important as any other job. Our history is the first thing we teach in school. There is a very important reason for this. Remember those two statues you saw at the entry to the library? Those two men stopped us from completely killing all Volarans in this world. When our race was young there came a time when we did not agree with each other. The council split and the race did also. A civil war broke out and we continued to massacre all those that did not agree. It was the same on each side. Finally those two men met on a beach with no one there but them. one from each side. They both drew their weapons and looked at each other. They both asked the same question at the same time. "What are we fighting about?" It had been going on so long, no one remembered what caused the division. First one tossed his weapon on the sand and to his amazement, so did his foe. Understanding was the outcome of that meeting. Together they went on the airwaves and asked their 
followers the same question. It became obvious that no one knew. That was the end of the civil war. At that time there were less than forty thousand Volarans still alive. It was decided to send two teams, one from each side, and come up with a way to rebuild our world. Never again would we diminish our numbers through war. That was two thousand years ago and we have striven to make ourselves wiser ever since. For myself, I had an uneventful childhood. I did excel in my studies and became a junior member of the council after my education was finished. I love the outdoors, swimming, and flying. I envy artists and musicians. I am tone deaf and can't draw a tree that even vaguely resembles one. I believe on your world not many children are, how do you say it, pushed out of the nest? On Volar, we are taught at an early age to leave the nest. That way you don't pick up your parents traits. This house was assigned to me when I was accepted into the council. I am now a full council member and you can see the perks that come with the job. Normally it would be about another ten years before I would be granted all you see. I love my work, my people, and any challenge that comes my way. I have no brothers or sisters and no mate as yet. That is a sticking point with my parents. They want me to start the next generation of our family. I tell them when the right person comes my way all will be well. To continue, we are a peaceful race with no intentions of ruling other races. We have taken several dead planets and given them new life. Once they have been restored to health; air, water, and greenery, we settle them with our people. Soon they resemble Volar. Will this suffice to lessen your curiosity." "Just one more question, he said. Physically and mentally, how much different are you from mankind." "The physical difference is what you see, Internally, only minor differences are evident. Mentally we use about ten 
percent more of our brain than the average human. We are, for all intents and purposes, compatible with your race." "You've explained a lot about you and your race, but I don't have the faintest idea why I was transported here." "Jeremy, as you have toured our capital you learned a little bit about us, we have a problem that will be catastrophic in the next five hundred years. Come with me, as I have something to show you." She took his hand and led him out to the curb. A little cart arrived in a minute and they got in. She closed her eyes for a second and it started on its way. He was about to say something, but she shook her head no. In a few minutes they arrived at a building that was nondescript and exited the vehicle. At the main door they were met by a uniformed man. He looked at her and after a brief second he stepped aside and allowed them to enter. Again she took his hand and led him to a panel that slid open. The minute he entered he knew he was in an elevator. From the feel of the movement, they were descending. A slight vibration told him they had stopped. The panel opened and as he stepped out, it was plain they were in a huge cavern. As she led him toward the center he noticed a large glass bubble. It housed something, but he had no idea what. Tianna forewarned him, that when they got close, they would be scanned. When within twenty feet, he stopped like he had hit a wall. Something slowly caressed his mind and then was gone. They proceeded to the bubble and looked in. What he saw just couldn't be. 
He looked down again and it was still there. A giant brain attached to all kinds of tubes and cables was at the bottom of the bubble. Inside his mind came a soft voice that welcomed him. "Jeremy, your race and two others are our last hope to get rid of the stagnation that is creeping into our people. We need a race that will restart our will to forge ahead and to share the strides we have already made. As equal partners, both races will advance and someday become one with a new lease on life. If you will consent, I will prepare you for the council meeting that you will attend in about a week. Jeremy looked at Tianna, then back at the brain, Then pictured the nodding of his head. A platform appeared and he was instructed to lay down and relax. A warm fuzzy feeling entered his mind and he fell asleep.

CHAPTER 8 Dream

A soft hand touched his face and he woke up feeling refreshed and awake like never before. Tianna looked into his eyes and smiled knowing he was all right. He carefully got off the platform and stood still for a bit to get his bearings. Tianna told him he would be aware of what the brain had installed in him by morning. Now was a good time for a bite to eat and a little clothes shopping. "You must have read my mind. I only came with one spare set of clothes." Again, taking his hand, they walked to the elevator and left the building in short order. Over a snack, he asked how long had he been asleep. About ten minutes was her answer. He sat in silence for a while, admiring the woman sitting across from him. He thought to himself, this is stupid. What could she see in him. He was from a backward planet and still wet behind the ears. He did not have an athletic body nor was he handsome. Infatuation could get him into trouble. He decided, he was still going to enjoy the wonders around him and put romance in the back seat. She woke him up from his reverie and said it was time to shop. Back into a little cart and away they went. When they stopped, they were back at the residence. "I thought we were going shopping"! "We are, follow me." Once inside, there stood a robot he had never seen before standing by the ramp. Tianna started laughing after seeing the look on his face. "If you will keep up the laughter, I will try to keep this bewildered look on my face" "I'm sorry, she said. This is a tailor robot and will fit you into new clothes. He will follow you to your room and take the necessary measurements needed in private. Clothes should start arriving this afternoon. Before he leaves, I hope you will let me help you with matching colors that fit your personality. "By all means; please do". when the robot had finished, Jeremy asked him to follow and he went out to the patio where Tianna was sipping a drink. Sitting next to her, they watched as the robot seemingly set up a large white screen out of nowhere and started showing the line of clothes he thought would look good on him. Tianna looked closely at the garment and then looked at him. Some she accepted, others, she just shook her head no. With that finished the robot left. Without his knowledge, a drink somehow got on the side table next to him. So there he sat sipping this marvelous drink and watching the marvelous lady next to him. After finishing the drink, Tianna asked if it was to be a dip in the pool or a nap to rest up from all they had accomplished today. "Nap first, dip second." She arose and left the patio with Jeremy close behind.
During his nap, Jeremy dreamed of a large circular room filled with chairs and in the center, on a raised platform, was a large area covered with a foamy material that seem to deaden all sound. There was room for about thirty people to sit at this large table. He stood in front of this table and felt like he was there to be sentenced for crimes he didn't commit. Then a soft voice entered his head and said, this is a glimpse of the council chamber and you are not on trial. When the point, counterpoint, of the discussions are over, you will have a choice to make. No one, Tianna, nor I, can make the decision. it is yours alone. You have the opportunity to make a decision that will reverberate through the galaxy for eons to come. Be prepared to have remarks that are unkind and untrue pointed at you. Stand your ground and give as good as you get. What aid I can offer I will. Good luck son. He came awake with a start, and noticed his pillow was damp. Had that been the brain or an overactive mind that put him through this. Unsure which, he decided to keep it to himself. It was high time he stood up and acted like a man. Putting on the swimwear and grabbing a towel, he hurried down to the pool. There was no one there. He mentally called for a robot to bring drinks for two. Then he jumped in the lagoon and floated around while he waited. He heard a splash and called out, "robot leave the drinks on the side tables not out here in the water." Then his head was pushed under the water. He surfaced spitting water and saw that Tianna was there with him. "Leave the drinks by the side tables." "I'll give you side tables". Then she splashed him again. He went under and grabbed a leg, then she was there with him under the water. Wriggling free she gave him a peck on the cheek and was gone. He surfaced knowing he could not catch her in the water. He started scanning and then he was under water again. This time when he got her under the water, he embraced her and gave her a real kiss. She responded and kissed him back. With heads above water, she noted their drinks were getting warm. They swam to shore, dried off and sat on a lounge side by side.
"Tianna, something happened and I was going to keep it to myself. I find that will not work. Will you listen and not laugh till I've finished." "Jeremy, I knew that something was bothering you, but I can't pry into your mind. Yes, I will listen and say nothing unless you ask." "When I went to take that nap, I think the information the brain installed in me started to have an effect. I was in a large building with a great number of seats. In the center, on top of what looked like a cloud was a large oval table. It could easily seat twenty five to thirty people. I was standing there like a prisoner waiting to be sentenced for a crime I didn't commit. A voice came to me that said when this was finished, I would have to make a decision. No one, not you, not he, could interfere or make the decision for me. The voice went on to say, where he could, he would give advice. The decision I make could have lasting affects for eons to come. I will also have lies and insults thrown at me, but I must not waver. I don't know what I should do." She took his hand in hers and said, "whatever you decide, I will stand with you." I looked at her, and her eyes said that was what she intended to do. We finished our drinks just as a robot came to tell us dinner was ready. Going back up stairs he showered and coming out of the bathroom, noticed a rack of clothes. After a quick check, he picked an outfit and got dressed. He hurried down the ramp and entered just as Tianna was sitting down. She turned her head and looked at him from head to toe. "Nice, very nice" His face started turning red and she just smiled. After dinner, she took him into a room he hadn't seen before. Making him sit, and flipping a few switches on the wall, she sat down next to him. The wall they were facing became a screen and a film started. It showed Tianna as an infant and followed her life to adulthood. after the screen shut off and the lights came on, She told him she would not be hurt if he laughed. "Laugh! that was beautiful. Now I feel like I'm really seeing you for the first time." She leaned against him and while giving him a hug, thanked him. 
Leaving the room afterwards, they went out on the patio and sat together quietly. After a few minutes Jeremy told her there was some thing he had to tell her. "Don't tell me you are mated and have a family back on Earth." "No" he replied. "It's not easy to admit, but I have avoided being near women and feel inadequate around them. I guess the truth is I am like a man walking in the dark who will end up running into obstacles and probably hurt them in the process". She stood up and tugged on him to stand. When both were standing, she hugged him and admitted she felt the same. "I guess we'll have to blunder our way through the morass until we get to dry land." They both started to laugh at the same time. That being said, they headed to their rooms for a good nights sleep. Again, he dreamed. This time the voice told him that the ship had made changes to his mind and body. He replied he already knew that. What he didn't know was the amount of changes made. The voice told him in the weeks to come those changes would surface and not to be too alarmed. He would be able to meet other Volarans on an equal basis. Sleep well, as you will need to be at your best tomorrow. 


CHAPTER 9 The Council

The following morning came the summons to appear before the council. Tianna also received the summons as all councilors were to attend. At the bottom was written the date and time to appear. He had less than two days before he would be grilled; about what, he didn't have the faintest idea. He asked Tianna if it would bother her to just stay around the house. She said it wasn't a problem, but asked why. "In less than forty eight hours I might get thrown on a ship and returned to Earth. I'm being selfish and want to spend the time with someone I am falling in love with, but may never see again after this meeting." She told him he was looking at a worst case scenario and more than likely, the worst would be living among us and never see space again. Unfortunately he still had doubts. The next forty eight hours was like being in heaven. Tianna broke the stalemate by telling him over dinner that night she was in love with him When he managed to get control of his open mouth, he admitted he loved her also. He apologized for not saying it before, but he didn't think he was worthy of someone like her. Now, he felt more comfortable and relaxed in her presence. Tianna said that when this business was behind them he would have to meet her parents. It's an unwritten duty that goes back to the beginning of life. Jeremy replied, "If you're beside me, I can handle whatever comes my way. The day of reckoning was at hand. In less than two hours he would be before that table and listen to the pros and cons to humans becoming part of their culture. That voice inside his head reminded him, he was not alone. Between you and Tianna, there is nothing that can ever beat you. Stand up for your species and do not cower before this council. Your race is young and vibrant and would not let anyone step on them without a fight. Go and conquer. When they were ready to leave, Jeremy told her of the directions he received from the brain. I don't understand why this mentor is backing me, but I will take all the help I can get. She turned and planted a quick kiss on him, and said, "I do." The ride to the council chambers was short and as they left the cart, she squeezed his hand. "I have to go and put my robe on. I will see you shortly at the council chamber. Then she was gone. A well dressed Volaran came down the ramp and asked if he was Jeremy. He nodded and followed him into the building. At the end of a short hall, he veered to the left and asked him to sit on the bench till he came back. He had just found a comfortable way to sit on it when the Volaran came back and asked Jeremy to join him. He followed him in and was led to a chair in front of that table where the council was seated. The room was about half full with mostly women. As I looked at the table, three quarters of the council was female. The lady in the center stood and asked if he was Jeremy Springer. He stood and said "Yes councilor, I am." "Listen as I give a brief reading of the last two and a half months. You were picked up and sedated for the first month on board a scout vessel. You were given different tests during that time. The ship evaluated your performance and judged you ready to come here and be the representative for your species. You have been a guest of one of our councilors for the past month and was given a passing rating by her. You stand slightly above the norm for your people. "The Brain" has scanned you and found you to be acceptable for the purpose of aiding our people in regaining our lust for the unknown. Is there anything you would like to add." Yes there is. If the majority of your race is anything like the counselor I spent a month with, I feel confident that our two species will thrive together. "You may be seated. We will now open the meeting to discussion.
It started slowly. The report from the ship he arrived in was entered into the record. That was followed by the report from Tianna. The third report was from a military ship in the vicinity of Earth. It did a scan and found there were a few small wars happening at the moment. Nothing drastic, and references that a peaceful end was in sight. Humans had landed on their moon and had a settlement there. they also have set up a small enclave on the fourth planet. The information from that ship was sent to the brain and it believes they will stumble onto the star drive in less than fifty years. In comparison, the other two races do not seem to be viable. Then one counselor after another took the floor to give his or her feelings on the information to date. The first insult was that humans were hairy and a far cry from a civilized race. The woman that was the lead asked if he wanted to say anything in his defense, "Yes I would. I'd like to ask if those two statues at the doors to the library are true replicas of those two men that stopped the bloodshed years ago?” The counselor replied that they were exact and made by the most skillful artist in their world. "Fine; now would you like to go and see all the hair on them, including beards, mustaches, and long flowing hair down their backs"? There were a few gasps, then the counselor sat down with a frown on her face. The next insult came from a male counselor. 'Your race is barbaric. You have children starving to death, and your air is polluted. You wage war and show prejudice against your own." "What you say is true, Look into your own history and you will see the same is true of you. Also, dig a little and you will see that all those things you brought up are being worked on. Unfortunately, it will take time to make it right, as you well know." After each counselor had their say, and quite a few were on his side, it was time to vote. The chairwoman was starting to stand when Tianna asked for the floor. She had not spoken, so the floor was ceded to her. "I stand before you as one counselor to another. As you consider your vote, I wish to remind you, our own history was much like theirs. We have an opportunity to once again go forward and cure this sickness among us. I have a way to make the judgment easier on you. I will accompany him on a fully crewed military ship out into the galaxy. Render him into sleep and educate him in the way to command a ship in a real life situation. When we return, the crew and brain on that ship can give their report on whether he is an asset or liability. I put my life in his hands and will accompany him, believing he will adapt and surpass all our tests with little or no stress. She then sat down as the chair woman took the vote. Accept, deny, or test him under the stress of command. It was unanimous, send him out to be tested.
He and Tianna left, but said nothing on the ride back to her home. They went out to the patio and sat down with drink in hand. "Are you crazy? I know nothing about warships, no experience to be a commander, and even less about warfare." "You underestimate yourself. I saw the report from the ship that brought you here. If you were not qualified and had not passed the tests while asleep, the ship would have returned you to the spot where it had picked you up. Are you willing to give all of this up and let your world down." He sat there and stewed for a minute, then nodded his head. She made perfect sense. "You are right, but I still don't like the idea of you going." "Where you go, I go also, We still have time for a dip and a drink before dinner." He looked at her and smiled. "Beat you into the pool", and he ran to get his suit on. He was back in a flash, but she was already swimming around. Upon closer inspection, he noticed her clothes on a lounge. "Hey, that's cheating." He jumped into the water and was beside her in a minute. "I guess you will have to share my towel." "Yes I will." They finally emerged from the pool and he rubbed her back dry and waited till she was dressed before drying himself. A drink was waiting on a table by a lounge, so that is where they sat. By the time they finished their drink, a robot let them know dinner was in about twenty minutes. He arose and headed for his room to change. It was a quiet dinner until a couple showed up. Tianna introduced the couple. they were her neighbors. they went out to the patio and had an informal party. they had heard Tianna was leaving for a few months and told her they would care for her home while she was gone. They showed a mild interest in talking with an Earth man. Jeremy took it in stride and was glad to talk with them about their likes and dislikes. Showing an interest in them made the evening a relaxing time. The following morning came word the ship was in retrofit and would be ready in three days. They put those days to good use. As he was getting more adept with telepathy, it was easier to learn those things that would help on their voyage. He had already been in sleep mode and he had her there to aid. When he woke up, then it would really get interesting.  If he died tomorrow, he would never forget those three days. They shared a bond that grew stronger each minute. Tianna was patient and repeated what she was trying to get him to learn. After the first day it got easier. The opening of his mind by the ship that brought him here finally began to expand and he no longer wondered if he would make it. Even Tianna noticed the difference. Then a thought awakened in her mind. "The brain" must have put in suggestions to those ships, that if they found a viable candidate, to do some additional work with mind and body. She also noticed that second day, as they took their afternoon dip, She was either slowing down or he was getting much faster. At dinner she asked if the ship had said anything about physical or mental adjustments to him? "As a matter of fact he did. Why?" "Today you were faster at everything we did or I'm getting old." He sat back and thought about today’s activities and realized she was dead on. "I'll take any help I can get." While we are discussing things, I got a call from my dad. He received the news that I was accompanying you on this trip and that you had been my house guest the last month. He told me to be careful and he would see me when we got back, then he chuckled and hung up. I think he knows something is up but not sure what." "I hope this isn't going to be a problem. You and an Earth man." "I forgot to tell you, I'm always getting into something that raises the eyebrows of those around me".


CHAPTER 10 The Ship


Bright and early the next morning, a large vehicle arrived to take them down to the spaceport With all they were taking with them. It was a military vehicle and had two men in uniform to help load their gear. As they entered the vehicle he noticed another trunk. Looking at Tianna for an explanation, she told him that his official uniforms were in there and would be stored in the commanders suite till he needed them. Taking his hand they entered and nodded to the men they were ready. In a few minutes they had arrived and were ready to board the shuttle that would take them to the ship. In a short time, they left the atmosphere and headed toward a bright shiny object. As they drew closer it was plain this ship was gigantic. It was at times like these that unnerve most people, but Tianna squeezed his hand and said, "Isn't it beautiful?" "It is, and I can't get my head around the fact that it really moves." As they hadn't reached the ship yet, Tianna telepathed him that he was just a passenger at this moment, and would be treated as such. He looked at her and nodded. There was a slight ping as they passed through the shields and headed into the landing bay. A slight bump told them they had set down and would soon see the portal open so the could disembark. The two men went over, and upon opening the portal, asked for permission to enter the ship. There was a very distinct answer "as you were ", then we exited and was met by an alien who welcomed them aboard and had two new crewmen take the luggage to the state rooms. He introduced himself as an aide to Commander Anverse and welcomed them aboard. If you care to see the important parts of the ship, I will be glad to show you around. Thank you, that would be greatly appreciated lieutenant. By the time they had seen the part of the ship that was not off limits to civilians, their staterooms were ready. Their belongings and that strange trunk were near the closets and opened. After arranging their clothes, it was time to open the trunk. He knocked on the inner door and she came into his quarters from the adjoining suite. He opened the trunk and inside were officers uniforms and every day clothes. Tianna told him he didn't have to try them on as they were made from the measurements taken for his other clothes. His senses must be greatly improved as he felt the ship move. Tianna looked at him and asked if there was something wrong. He asked her if she felt any movement and she shook her head no. Then he told her the ship had started its journey.
Now that all the clothes were in the wardrobe, they walked over to the mess as it was called and had a strange drink which tasted a little like pop, but was not carbonated. After a sip or two he found it enjoyable. After returning to their rooms, Jeremy thought it was time to go get that sleep. A knock on the panel let them know the med room was ready for him. He gave her a gentle hug and kiss before opening the door panel and exiting the room. Out in the hallway, she grabbed his hand and went to an elevator. two floors down it opened and they were led into a large space with curtained off areas. A med officer met him and showed him the platform that was to be his for about a month. He sat down on the platform and lifted his legs so as to lie down. A robot entered and started attaching patches, tubes, and sensors to him. With a peck on the cheek and a squeeze of the hand, he was off to a deep sleep. It was almost instantaneous, the voice of "the brain" was there with him. "During your sleep period I will make certain changes to you. Don't be alarmed. You will be enhanced and better able to meet any challenge that comes your way; physically and mentally. I will be monitoring your progress for the next month. Sleep well." Then it was off to dream land. As he slept a general layout of the ship was downloaded along with the ships capabilities. He also received the criteria for commanding a military battleship. A list of departments and their duties were listed also. There were protocols that every member of this ship had to follow. no one was allowed to question the orders of the captain. If this happened, the Captain had options on penalties to be handed out. The brain on the ship was the enforcement entity that backed the Captain in all cases. As he slept more and more rules and regulations were entered into his mind. It was getting close to the time to wake him up when "the brain" again made his presence known. "Jeremy, you now have all that you need to command this ship and succeed. Come back to see me when you return to Volar.
Slowly he became aware that it was time to wake up. As he opened his eyes, looking down on him was a beautiful sight. Tianna touched his cheek and said, "welcome back." A robot was just finishing the removal of all the items attached to him and he was ready to sit up and get something moist down his dry throat. He looked around and spotted the uniform hung up on the wall. As he was getting dressed, Tianna brought the uniform over. This was the everyday clothes worn while in space. The dress uniforms were only for more important duties. Once dressed, he felt the need for food. Standing up, he asked Tianna to join him for a meal to keep his stomach from making a lot of noise. Not knowing what kind of shape his vitals were in, he decided on poached eggs on toast and coffee. A robot brought the plates over and went to get coffee. Tianna had the same meal as him. After the first bite she remarked, "this is delightful. What do you call it?" "Breakfast"! "I mean those white things with the yellow centers." "Those are called eggs and they come from chickens." "What are chickens?" "They are a large domesticated bird that lays them and on occasion the birds themselves are cooked and added as part of the main meal." "You are sure these are all right to eat." "Yes Tianna, I usually eat a couple eggs most mornings. Which reminds me, how come there is so much Earth food in these servers?" "When you were originally scanned, the ship took the liberty of securing all those foods you like and how to make or prepare them. Where ever you go this information precedes you." "My mind is in a whirl. Therefore, I'm taking the rest of the day off." "Good, as you can't take control of this ship till twenty four hours after the download has finished." So they left and retired to their rooms. He did not want Tianna to worry, so he kept his mild headache to himself. Stretching out on his platform bed, he thought it might help. In a second he was out like a light. But he would get little rest, "the brain" was with him and asked how things went. "The download went okay, but I've got a mild headache." "Remember you don't have to vocalize, just think what you wish to say." The brain told him to relax as he needed to check something. A second later he told Jeremy that an implant had been put just under the skin behind his right ear. He neutralized it so Jeremy didn't have to worry about it, or so he hoped. It can record what is said but not telepathy. You might want to tell Tianna to guard what she says. All else looks fine, will get back to you as needed.
Knocking on the inner door between the two suites brought Tianna quickly into his room. Taking a piece of paper out of a drawer, he sat down and wrote her a note while asking if she felt like taking a walk around the ship. She took the note and answered him that she thought it a good idea as she read; listening device implanted behind right ear. May or may not be neutralized. Use only telepathy to talk about things that are urgent. She told him she was going for a sweater and would be right back. Back in her own room and using telepathy, she asked if he had any idea who did this or how it was done. He messaged back it had to be while in the med room. Tomorrow when I relieve the Commander and assume command, I am going to find out if any tapes were made while I was under the induced sleep. Tianna returned and they took a stroll around the perimeter of the ship. Even though on a higher deck, it still took nearly two hours to navigate back to their rooms. By then it was time for lunch. After lunch they strolled down to the library. Jeremy wanted to see if there was any kind of rift in the consortium of worlds, but could find nothing. Whoever was behind this eavesdropping had to be from Volar. After a few hours, Jeremy told Tianna he was a little tired and was going to take a nap before dinner. Once he was stretched out on the platform, he silently called to "the brain" an answering hello was almost instantaneous. "I don't think this item implanted in me is from outside of Volar. Are there any relatives of councilors besides Tianna on this vessel?" After a quick check, "the brain" found two. One, a nephew in the logistics department and the other an adviser in the tactical department. "I think we'll have to keep an eye on them,” said Jeremy. The rest of the day was uneventful.
The following morning after breakfast, Jeremy returned to his suite and donned the Captains suit. He notified Tianna he was going to the bridge to assume command. He no sooner said that and in walked Tianna in her councilor's robes. "Shall we?" he asked. "Yes indeed, she replied. You fit into that uniform well; striking actually." They left the room and headed to the elevators. As they passed crew members, he received a salute from all and returned it. Inside the elevator he remarked it would take time to get used to all this saluting. He was in for a real surprise when they entered the bridge. A soldier at the panel shouted, "Captain on the bridge", and everyone stood and saluted. "As you were " he said. The Commander came over and with a salute said," I cede the bridge to you Captain." Thank you Commander?" "Anvers, sir." "Thank you Commander Anvers. Another officer came over and was introduced as his aide, Lt. Jansen, who is always available to help the Captain in any way possible. "I may make you work overtime for a few days till I get my bearings." The brain of the ship introduced "herself" to the Captain as "Bell". "I am at your service twenty four-seven" "Carry on gentleman" and he headed for the command chair with Tianna in tow. There was another chair right beside the command chair, and after seating herself, Jeremy did the same. As he sat there he telepathed Bell to ask if there were any tapes of the time he was under the induced sleep. She replied in kind that indeed there were tapes . "Scan them and see if anyone was close enough to do a minor operation without anyone noticing it." It took a minute or so, but she found a couple of men in med coats by his side at separate times. She was unable to see who they were, but both had a blue mark on their neck. She was unable to deduce what those marks were. "If you find out any more, let me know. this is private; class omega." Under that heading, no one but the Captain could get that information. As he looked around the bridge he saw an assortment of races at their stations keeping vigilance that all was well with the ship and surrounding space. "Commander Anvers, I have some things to do. Keep an eye on things". "Yes sir" he replied. Standing up, he asked Jansen to accompany him and counselor Tianna. Another "Yes sir", and they left the bridge. As they headed to the elevator, he told Jansen to be sure his wardrobe was moved to the command suite and Counselor Tianna's to the adjoining suite. Mentally he asked "bell" to have an inner door put in between the suites. After his month long sleep he knew most of the ship by heart. He entered the elevator and said hanger bay. The panel closed and within seconds it opened onto the flight deck hanger. He exited with Tianna and walked over to one of the fighters. It was a sleek little oval about half the size of the old dc7 aircraft, without wings. As he walked around it a uniformed officer came over and standing at attention, waited patiently for the Captain's eye. "I take it this is your fighter?" "Yes sir, Captain. If you have any questions, I'd be more than happy to answer them." "That's okay Colonel, I've been briefed on this unit but have never seen one up close." The pilot walked over and opened the entry panel, then stood aside. Jeremy entered the fighter and was amazed at all the dials and switches in the front section. Two could ride as there were two small chairs. After one more look, he exited and thanked the pilot. The pilot saluted and Jeremy did likewise and off the pilot went. Tianna asked how long before he wanted to fly one of those. As he declined, he smiled at her and asked if she wanted to be co-pilot. A "no thank you" was given without hesitation. As they entered the elevator, Jeremy told his aide Jansen, if he had other things to do he was relieved from duty to see to them and he would call if he needed him. "Thank you sir" As they left the elevator, Jansen saluted and left them, going back into the elevator and closing the panel. Tianna messaged him about what he had in mind now. He messaged back, there is a pool one deck down, but you have to wear a bathing suit. She sent a pic of herself without clothes on and he turned a bright red. She laughed as she entered her suite. Ten minutes later, she knocked on his door panel. He answered and exited with a bright blue robe with matching slippers and a large white towel. Instead of the elevator, they went down the ramp as it was only one deck. It wasn't as nice as Tianna"s pool, but it gave them a chance to relax and enjoy each other company without wondering who might be trailing them. While floating around in the pool, he messaged "bell" to see if she had any luck on those two visitors in the med room. Bell had operatives on board who did work for her in secret. She had them keeping an eye on one person she suspected of being in the med room."Great; one more thing. Was there any messages sent to any of the counselors since he went to sleep." "Yes there was. Three messages were sent to councilor Rhamas. No other messages sent." "Thank you". He messaged Tianna about the councilor and she said he was the one that thought Earth men were savages. I'll have to let "the brain" know about this. "I already know and I am watching him closely. If anything becomes noteworthy, I'll be in touch." As they left the pool and dried off, he noticed a large light fixture in the ceiling. He went over and sat on one of the lounges and waved a hand over a small table top. Sure enough a menu appeared along with a timer for the light. He ordered two drinks and waved Tianna to come over. Putting the lounges side by side, he patted the other. As they got comfortable a robot brought the drinks and Jeremy tapped the start button on the twenty minute rectangle. The light came on with a soft glow and instant warmth. Tianna sipped her drink and asked how he knew about the heat lamp. "We are not complete savages. we have heat lamps and tanning booths on Earth." As they sat there enjoying their drink, Jeremy said he was going to have to make a schedule on bridge time and leisure time. He asked "Bell" to have Lt. Jansen meet him on the bridge in twenty minutes. That would give him enough time to finish his drink and get dressed. He asked Tianna to go with him as he was going to set up a meeting with dept. heads and she would be included. "No problem as long as I don't have to wear my counselor robes." He grinned and nodded his head.
They arrived on the bridge at the appointed time and asked Lt. Jansen to set up a meeting in the dining hall at nine o'clock the next morning for all dept. heads. I don't want any interruptions, so post a guard at all doors. "Yes sir. Is there anything else?" "Not that I can think of right now. By the way, I want you there also." He saluted and left the bridge to carry out his orders. Then he walked over to Commander Anverse and told him he was making up a schedule for bridge time so the Captain could have some leisure time for himself. "Thank you Captain, I can use a little R and R for personal use." "One other thing. I am setting up a meeting tomorrow at nine am and will have "Bell" keep you in contact so you know what is happening. For the next two hours, you are relieved from the bridge. The pool and heat lamp could help ease the cramped muscles if you choose to relax." "Yes sir." For the next two hours he sat in the command chair and perused the read outs on the computer screen. The Commander returned at the end of the two hours and relieved him of the bridge. As he was leaving,"Bell" notified him the command suite and adjoining suite were done." "Thank you, and we need directions." "On level you are now, right after leaving bridge and two doors down for you three down for the counselor." Well, he thought, that was easy. Standing in front of the panel, a soft glow went up and down his body and a small panel showing an imprint of a hand came out of the wall. He placed his hand on the hand outline and watched as it scanned his hand. Glow stopped, hand panel slid back into the wall and his door panel opened. He entered and found the wardrobe was filled with his clothing and the place was as neat as a pin. Once inside, you were standing in a den/living room and straight ahead was the bedroom. To  the left of the entry was a small powder room. To the right behind a panel was an office. Walking in, he found a screen on the desk marked private, Captain Jeremy. Going back into the bedroom he found a master bath next to the wardrobe. In the back of the wardrobe he found another panel. Beside it was a hand print. So placing his hand on it the panel swung open. Inside he found a laser pistol that was pulsing. He picked it up and felt just a mild warmth and then it stopped pulsing. Searching his memory he remembered that this firearm would only work for the person who was scanned originally. Jeremy took the laser piston and put it in the bedside drawer. Now was a good time to see if the inner panel to the rooms had been installed. As he walked around the living room he could not see any panel that might open. "Bell", "has the panel between the two suites been installed?" "Yes Captain. The panel is to the right of the panel to your office." Without hesitation he went to the spot and stood in front of the panel, It emitted a warm yellow glow and then opened. As it slid to the side, he was face to face with Tianna. She wondered what was happening and came over to see if there was a malfunction in the walls. "There is; its called Jeremy."  She replied with a " VERY FUNNY". Looking at the layout of her suite, it looked a lot like seeing his own. They were absolutely the same layout and dimensions. He told her he just wanted to see if the panel had been installed. "You just wanted to sneak up on me". His face started to turn red and burn, so he excused himself and went back to his own suite. She followed him and apologized, realizing it was not as funny as she first thought. He told her it was all right, he was thinking about that meeting in the morning.
At nine o'clock sharp he nodded to the guards as he and Tianna entered the dining room. All noise stopped and everyone's attention was on the new Captain. "Good morning. For those who haven't met me or haven't heard the scuttlebutt, I'm Captain Jeremy. I called this meeting for the express purpose to settle any and all apprehension about changes. There aren't any. You know your departments and people better than me. Minor problems you can handle within your department. Please send a short report on any problems, as I want to know all sides of any problem. Anything that has a major effect on this ship needs to be addressed immediately. There are three of us ready twenty four, seven. Commander Anverse, my aide Lt. Jansen, or myself. I'm hopeful this ship will remain one of the finest in the fleet. That said, if there are any questions, ask now, and I'll try to answer them. It was quiet. No show of any hands. Okay folks: meeting over. He led Tianna to a table and was joined by Jansen for breakfast and coffee or whatever he drank. Jansen said he was surprised. He was totally different than any Commander he had met in the fleet. People actually walked out with smiles on their faces. "Jansen, I've found that a team works better when everyone believes their contributions count. Besides, they do know what they are doing better than I." After breakfast, Tianna and he went back to his suite together. Once out of public, she messages him that a few of the people there did not look happy. He noticed that also. Furthermore, even though his suite was secure, he was going to sleep with the laser pistol under his pillow. She thought that was an excellent idea.

As the days wore on, he got more comfortable being a Commander. No major problems arose, and for the most part it was almost boring. He knew it couldn't last forever. How right he was. He intentionally left shoes and clothing spread around the living room, especially by the panels. One night he thought he heard what sounded like one of his shoes being kicked. Reaching under his pillow he got a firm grip on the laser pistol and rolled onto the floor. someone fired a
laser at the pillow on the platform. He fired in the direction of the laser and heard a moan. "Bell", emergency lights and send security." Turning on the house lights, he saw a body moving on the floor. He had no idea who it was, but was sure he would find out. Two security guards arrived and took the fellow down to the med room. Jeremy was not far behind. He messaged "Bell", asking if she knew who he was. After a minute she messaged back, he was not one of the crew. He must have been a stow away. He messaged back that someone had to feed him and help him stay hidden. "Very astute observation Jeremy." came that voice again from "the brain". Entering the med room, he asked if the assassin would live and got the report the assassin would never use his right arm again. "Bell" had been scanning him since he was picked up off the floor. She now had much more information than before and would relate that info to both "the brain" and Jeremy. Going back to his suite, the cleaning robots were leaving after cleaning up. He went in and sat down with a cup of coffee and wondered if his luck would hold out. Tianna came in and sat down with him, taking a sip of his coffee."You realize you could have been killed." He looked at her and took his finger and wiped a tear away from her face. "Yes my love, I do." The Commander knocked and Jeremy let him in. Sitting down, he told Jeremy they had searched the tapes and found which room the assassin had left just before the attack. The crewman was taken into custody and was in a holding cell awaiting the Captain's decision on his fate. Jeremy could have both executed on the spot, but instead, had the assassin put in the cell with him. "There are questions we need answers for. They can't give them if they are dead. I want a detail of three of our best guards on watch over them. No one other than you or me will be permitted to see them. The guards are to be told, if these two get free or die, they all will forfeit their lives. Make sure they understand the order. The Commander saluted and then left to carry out the Captain’s order. After he left , "Bell" asked if he was ready for details. "Yes we are."The two we hold were offered a choice of planets to retire with a villa and a large number of perks. There was supposed to be a tender ship to arrive for upgrades. they would sneak onto the tender and be gone before the crewman was missed. Councilor Rhamas set up the tender ships schedule. "The brain" entered the conversation and asked that they do nothing at this point as we will need as much evidence as we can get to make an accusation against a councilor. This was agreed to and they closed the meeting. Tianna could not believe a Councilor would stoop to an assassination of anyone because he disagreed with the Council's wishes. She was now aware she had lived a sheltered life. It would take time to adapt to this new way of life. You could trust very few. What would cause someone to take away the races last hope at revitalization. Could she also be a target?

After everyone left, Tianna broached a difficult subject that she hoped would not scare Jeremy away. She had him sit down opposite her and look him in the eye. "Jeremy, Is it possible that I could also be a target? Before you answer, I have another question for you. Would we be safer together than apart?" "Before you say more, I do believe that to get to me they would use you. I agree we should stay close together, as we can see twice as much." "Then, I have to ask you how you feel about taking me as your mate, immediately?" "But I thought that you wanted the ceremony with your parents present. Yes, I do, but There is nothing more in life I want than for us be joined together right now." "Bell" told them the Commander could do the ritual and was on his way over. As he entered, he looked from one to the other, smiled and said how proud he was to officiate the ritual. That evening they spent their first night together. He told her the next morning he would try and make her the happiest woman in the galaxy. "That holds true for you also." As on any ship news travels fast. Yet, "the brain" and "Bell" were first to congratulate them. On the way to breakfast everyone they passed smiled and said they hoped the best for them. Entering the dining room they were met with cheers by the officers and heads of departments. Tianna and Jeremy thanked each and every one for their kind thoughts and blessings. Then all sat down to enjoy a wedding breakfast. Jeremy looked over at Tianna and whispered,"Now I can hold your hand in public on this ship." " Yes, yes we can", she said with a smile.
Things went quite smoothly on the ship for a few weeks. But Jeremy knew the other shoe had to fall. He was alert for anything unusual . He was just about to relax when security alarms went off. He looked at the screen in front of him and there was a telltale red blip. "Bell" report”. "Captain a fighter is going to explode in about fifteen minutes."  "Evacuate the ship immediately and let me know when all are clear." With five minutes to go the last escape party left. "Well, "Bell", it's you and me." Then he heard a voice he didn't want to hear. "Tianna, you were to be on that last escape ship." "No Jeremy. Remember, Where you go I go." They were down to less than two minutes before the ship was totally destroyed. "What to do. There must be a way." Suddenly it hit him. " "Bell, Can you transport that ship outside the screens. If so, do it now and drop us out of light drive." Everything got dizzy for a minute. then emergency lights came on and then the ship started acting like it should. Everything was up and running. "Will we 
be able to find the escape ships?" "Bell" replied she was working on it. Back into star drive and going back to last known position, she sent out calls for any of the ships that were in the vicinity. as we crept along "Bell" kept sending out the all clear signal. There were pings on the shields that told us we were at the point where the fighter blew up. Another ten minutes and nothing. Just as he was ready to do a one eighty and head the other way. they got a reply. All the escape ships and pods were together. “Bell” homed in on them and in minutes all were back on board. The Commander announced he was on the bridge and all seemed normal. We entered the bridge and the first question was, how? "I had "bell" transport the fighter outside the screens and we immediately dropped out of star drive. We took a shake or two but the ship stayed together and we are in one piece. Looking around he noticed all were back at their stations."Tianna, I need a stout drink." "So do I and "Bell" also." "Bell" replied she would be there, unfortunately she had no way to enjoy a drink with them. "Commander, the bridge is yours and check on our two prisoners." Up to the observation deck and two doubles for Tianna and two for him were ordered. "Now you see why I want to be with you. Anyone else would have been in one of those escape ships and This ship and "Bell would have been history. The voice of "the brain" said it did not think he would come up with an answer to save both of them and the ship. "Well done Jeremy." With two drinks down he finally stopped shaking and could look at Tianna again. "I hope I never come that close to losing you again."
The two prisoners were right where they had been left. They knew about the plan to blow up the fighter, but thought they would be sent to escape ships and there, could escape, Now for the first time, they found if not for Captain Jeremy, they would have died inside the destroyer. A light went on in their minds and now they knew they were expendable. They figured it was time to switch sides. They told the Captain they knew who the bomber was that caused the fighter to blowup. A security detail had the suspect surrounded, but he committed suicide rather than be caught. A check on him gave The evidence needed to accuse Councilor Rhamas with espionage against the council of worlds and the council of Volar. When the tender showed up a security detail of one hundred searched and arrested two more henchmen. The following morning a meeting was held for department heads and they were given the details of what had transpired during the last forty eight hours. They now knew that at least two attempts had been made on the Captain’s life and his mate, Councilor Tianna. The men responsible were locked up and two more were caught on the tender that arrived today. Due to the quick thinking of Captain Jeremy, our ship was saved and a catastrophe averted. As the meeting ended Jeremy and Tianna were surrounded with well wishers who promised support back home, if needed. 
The circuit would soon be completed and Jeremy would face the Council again. This time his mate(wife) would be by his side. With her there with him, he could face anything. The day they dropped out of star drive to enter the solar system, "Bell" messaged Jeremy, good luck and a wish she could be a member of his team. He thanked her and said he would stay in touch. she again messaged him to tell him life was going to be boring without him around. " Enjoy the boredom" he said. The ship entered orbit and a security ship came up beside them to take the four prisoners away. After all the red tape was taken care of, a cargo container was brought up and all the items that belonged to the newly weds was packed and shipped to her residence. Next, a small ship with the logo of the Council arrived. they were told "Bell" had already sent her report. Commander Anverse and Lt. Jansen were to accompany Jeremy and Tianna to the council chamber to give their report. Jeremy and Tianna, in her councilor robes, were escorted down to the landing bay with a large crowd watching as they passed. The Council ship left the hanger and headed to the Council building. Nothing was said on the way down. Everyone was thinking about what would be happening at the Council. They entered the chamber and there sat the Council. The female Councilor who had been the leader a year ago was now to one side and another woman was in the lead chair. She brought the Council to order by tapping the gavel on the table.
She opened an electronic file and scanned it for a minute, then looked for a long time at Jeremy. She cleared her throat and said, "Captain Jeremy, you have come to this council without your uniform. Is there a reason for this? Do you find being a Captain in our military beneath you? Is there something we should know about that isn't in this file?" "Madam chair person, this has nothing to do with the military. Seeing as I have no idea how this meeting will turn out, I thought it best to come as a civilian. This will, in no way put a bad light on the ship or crew that I worked. with. I have a high regard for all the personnel and officers on that ship." "I see here that a number of attempts were made on your life and the ship and crew as well." "Yes madam chair woman, and the crew did an outstanding job of handling these problems." The woman appeared to relax a little as she looked again at the file. "I see that you and Councilor Tianna stayed on board to save the ship with only seconds to spare."" I had a lot of help from "Bell", the ships brain." "I see that, but you showed a willingness to put your life at risk to save ship and crew. We don't take that lightly." Again, looking down at the file, she related the reports from the Commander, Lt. Jansen that was his aide, "Bell", the brain on the ship and our Councilor. "They paint you with a high level of respect. There is one other matter to be taken care of. In walked a security squad and surrounded Councilor Rhamas. With the information we have here on record, Councilor Rhamas is now under arrest for crimes against us and our military, a ships Commander and one of our ships and its crew. Councilor, kindly remove the robes of your office, and go with your escort." After they were out of the room and everyone had settled down, the chair woman said if it was found he acted in consort with others, they to would be imprisoned. It got very quiet. The chair woman said it was time to vote, as you have before you all the reports needed to make a wise decision. "Those in favor for starting the program vote now. The screen above her lit up with twenty seven “YES” votes. The chair only voted to break a tie and councilor Tianna couldn't vote for reasons unspecified. The chair new she was to be his lifelong partner. "This meeting will be adjourned as soon as a few things are noted. Captain, you will wear your uniform at meetings you attend in this hall. We will go over plans to start the mixing of out races, which you will be expected to manage. Finally, let me congratulate you and give you your official command; the ship where you proved your worth is now your ship to command. This meeting is adjourned. 
The councilors beat Jeremy and Tianna to the doors. As they exited they were surrounded by them and were given the unofficial welcome with hugs and hand shakes. He spotted the Commander and waved him over, "Commander we will be sending a couple trunks up to the ship and would appreciate having them put in our rooms. Other than a skeleton crew, let everyone have liberty for the next two weeks. I have some personal business to attend to here. At the half way point  replace skeleton crew with another team. Also see to having security at the hanger bay. That's all for now." "Yes sir, Captain. Right away." Tianna tapped him on the shoulder and told him she had contacted her parents and they would be arriving this afternoon.
"Well, we had better get a move on. They will probably expect a new ritual in their presence." "We don't have to tell them about getting married aboard ship, do we?" "I won't tell if you don't." With that settled they waited at the curb for transportation. As they walked into the house, the robot greeted them and proceeded to take the luggage up to separate rooms. Tianna chuckled, but said nothing. They decided to go out to the patio and lounge with a drink. Tianna asked what he thought of sleeping alone for a day or two. "If a problem arises, I"ll just come down here and soak for awhile." After she stopped laughing, she said she would probably join him. Not long after their patio time, her parents arrived. Tianna said to them as they walked in, you're just in time for a drink by the pool before lunch. Out to the patio they went. Her father had just put in his order for drinks when Tianna said she had some good news. Her mother smiled and said let us meet this man from another world. "Okay Mom and dad this is Jeremy, Captain of the battleship that arrived today. Jeremy this is my mother "Raina" and my dad "Hently". "I'm very glad to meet you both." After a hug from Raina and a handshake from Hently, Tianna went on to give them the news, She and Jeremy were to be partners for life. Her Father just beamed with pride, while her mother just smiled. Jeremy asked her if there was a problem. She said no, but thought her daughter would wed Councilor Rhamas"s son. Tianna looked at her mother and said, “You haven't heard the news yet, have you?" Her mother asked "what news"? "Councilor Rhamas has been charged with attempted murder of her and Jeremy. He also is charged with crimes against the state. He tried to have the battleship with all crew blown up. I don't believe there are too many people that want anything to do with him. For your own safety, stay far far away from him." Her mother was in a state of shock. "That pretty well settles that", said Hently."Now Raina, come to your senses and give your son-in-law the welcome he deserves." Her mother dried a tear and said she was sorry. "I really do have an open mind and want very much to get to know you better. It's hell when a mother has to get corrected by her daughter." As they stood to go to lunch, Jeremy walked over and gave her a hug; telling her she had nothing to worry about. I'd give my life to keep her safe, and I almost did." During lunch they set about making plans that very day for the ritual to be held that evening. They knew a holy man that would love to do the honor. After dinner that evening the ritual was held on the patio. They talked about changes to come and the hope that together there would be a renaissance for all. Toward midnight mom and dad decided they had had enough excitement for one day and were heading to bed. "We won't be far behind you", said Tianna. The parents stayed another two days and they learned a lot more about Jeremy and he found out a lot more about them. As they made ready leave, they all agreed they had gotten rid of some of their shortcomings and found the time spent was an awakening to a good relationship. With hugs and handshakes they said their goodbyes for now and left. Tianna's mother told her she was completely wrong about Earth people, especially her son-in-law. After sorting out what to leave and what to take, they had three trunks apiece to go to the ship.
Jeremy told Tianna he had one more thing to take care of before lift off. Putting on his uniform and taking her hand, they went out to he curb and got into a cart. Tianna asked where and he said "the brain". Shortly, they exited and headed for the entrance. Again the guard stepped out and seeing the Captain, stepped aside and saluted. In they went and down to the brain they walked. As they neared the shield pinged and then they were through. By thought alone he talked to "the brain". "The brain" was very happy the way things turned out. He hoped that he and Jeremy would have a long life together. He would from time to time check in with him. also if Jeremy needed help or advice, all he had to do was call. Saying "till we meet again", they left. Back home they went and the couple next door was waiting for them. They were so happy for Tianna and Jeremy that they wanted them not to worry, the house will be taken care of. Tianna thanked them and said they were on the way to the spaceport. We will have to have a party when we return. The shuttle was waiting as they entered the port. Someone yelled "officer" and half the people stopped and stood at attention. "As you were " Jeremy said. They walked past and entered the shuttle. "I don't know if I'll ever get used to that", he said. "Get used to it. you have a long life ahead of you Captain ", she said. They were met by his aide as he stepped out of the shuttle. After a salute, he welcomed them home. "We are glad to be back and will see you and the Commander in the dining room in an hour. 
Entering their quarters they settled down on a couch and just relaxed for a minute. "Bell" messaged her Commander with a warm, "hello again", and "you don't know how happy I am that we're all together". He messaged back that their orders would be sent to her and “The Brain” wanted another private chat with her. Get back to me in a day or so. I know we are heading for Earth and we will be accompanied by another ship. Just as he was about to really stretch out another voice interrupted him. "So we meet again". That was the ship that originally brought him to Volar. "Well, talk about luck. Things sure have changed since that voyage." "Yes Captain, you’re my boss now. I'll be awaiting your orders; out". With time running short, he changed into his work suit and with Tianna in tow headed to the dining room. Both men were waiting for them with four glasses and a bottle of champagne. We understand a toast with champagne is the order of the day when a man enters in to a funeral, oops, I mean wedding", said the Commander. They all started laughing as they clinked glasses. And so started phase one of Terrans and Volarans.

CHAPTER 11 Something is terribly wrong

Jeremy awoke from the party last night and looked over at his lovely bride. She opened one eye and told him to go back to sleep. She was not ready to face the day yet. Knowing how much he'd had to eat and drink last night, he thought it best to make use of the facilities. He slowly made his way to the next room and ordered a pot of coffee. After a shower and dressing, he went and ordered breakfast. Tianna came out for breakfast and asked what was on the list of things to do and was told the device behind his ear was to be removed this morning. After that, he had to spend his four hour time slot on the bridge. Then it would be time to enjoy a little honeymoon time with his new wife. The last few days had been hectic, with no time for the girl of his dreams. So, down to the med room and he quickly rid himself of that little device implant. Not long after, he entered the bridge and relieved the Commander.
He sat down and his mind screamed, "Why is it so quiet? "Bell", is everything okay?" He got no answer. He sounded "general quarters" and everyone was alert and searching for the problem. The Commander and Tianna entered the bridge together. "What's the problem, Captain?" "When was the last time you heard anything out of "Bell"?" "That was about six this morning." A med team was called and was to meet the Captain and Tianna down in the room where "Bell" was situated. When Jeremy entered the room he tried to communicate vocally and by telepathy with "Bell". When the med team arrived, they did a quick scan and told him she was in a deep sleep or a coma. They returned to the bridge and tried to shut down the light drive. It stopped but the ship remained at light drive speed. None of the techs had any idea how to stop it. After a cup of coffee, his mind started working and he remembered the testing that "Jack" had put him through. "Turn the ship one hundred eighty degrees and turn the planetary engines on full. Also, spread the defense screens as wide as possible." After two hours they dropped out of light speed and then stopped. Looking out the vid screen, there was nothing but void.
"Tianna, Jansen, you're with me." He asked the aide if there was a video watch on "Bell's" room. He led the way to another room and after facial recognition they were allowed in. The robot asked what they wanted to see. "We want to see the last eight hours from "Bell's" room," said the aide. At about six o'clock that morning a med officer was in the room. Going through the list of med officers, they found the one they were looking for. A security team was sent and with little problem had him in the brig. Though his room was searched they found nothing. Back they went to that room and had the robot trace the route he used to go back to his quarters. They went down to "Bell's" room and walked that route. The only thing they saw was a holding bag for the used smocks the meds wore. Carefully removing each item they came across a hypo needle at the bottom. The lab techs had an answer within minutes and a cure. They injected the serum into the air tube and within minutes "Bell" was showing signs of life. Shortly, "Bell" was back to normal and was told what had happened. She had noticed a med tech this morning, but had paid no attention to him. She also noticed she could not connect with the brain. Jeremy told her to keep trying and they would meet up in the observation room. Jeremy told "Bell" that they had managed to drop out of light drive and were a hundred eighty degrees from the direction they were headed before. Knowing this, could she scan forward from this position and see what if any galaxies were near? She found three that were in the general direction. Now the problem was to find which one was the Milky Way. The Commander came up with an answer. "Project the light years traveled in six hours to the distance from each galaxy. The closest, should be the Milky Way." In a short period of time, "Bell" gave them what she had calculated in distance and time for each. The one on the left is too far by a dozen light hours. Of the remaining two, they are too close in the calculations to be different. Jeremy asked, "Going straight from this point in a straight line, which would be closer to that line of sight?" "Bell" said, "the one in the middle."  "Enter those into the computers and let's be on our way. "Bell" keep trying to get a connection to the brain and include me when you do." "Yes Captain, I will."
Four hours later a connection had been made. Jeremy related the experience to the brain along with the name of the medic in the holding cell. There would be a constant connection while the brain sorted this information out. Just as they entered the galaxy, the brain told them the tech was an agent for Rhamas’ son. A tail would be watching him and whoever he met or communicated with so all the group could be caught. It wasn't long and they had contact with "Jack". Jeremy asked,” what happened.” "Jack" said he was ordered to "Stand Down" till further notice. "In the future,"Jack", you contact me by telepathy and verify any and all orders you receive," said Jeremy. In twenty minutes, they were along side and Jeremy had eight volunteers go over to "Jack" and, using two man units, cover him on six hour shifts. They would be recovered when they reached the Earth solar system. "Jack" was instructed to send and receive a signal every hour on the hour. The signal would be found in Jeremy's log under "class omega" by the two brains. Only the two ships' brains and Jeremy had access to the log. With that taken care of, they once again set off to Earth. As an after thought, Jeremy had "Bell" match the number of names on the ships roster with the life signs on board. if they came out the same, fine. Otherwise, the search would be on for another agent. "Bell" telepathed Jeremy. She had backtracked from the original position where they had stopped and found they were headed to the Galaxy that had sent that fleet of aliens six hundred years ago. The "Brain" was shaken to find that a Volaran would be working for them. This was something that had huge repercussions on the galactic community.

CHAPTER 12 Round Table Discussions

For the next two weeks life was quiet and Jeremy almost found time to relax. Tianna was worried that he was tight as a harp string. He needed to loosen up or an ulcer would be his partner soon. After chasing her around in the pool and sitting a half hour under the heat lamp, Jeremy started acting his old self. He admitted to her that he took this command position too seriously. They proceeded back to quarters and dressed for a quiet meal. The observation room was next with a couple of his favorite drinks. Knowing his shift would start the next morning, he dashed down to quarters and was soon in the living room in his PJ's with Tianna snuggled up close. He thanked her for a wonderful day and headed to the bedroom for some much needed sleep. At ten the next morning alarms went off and a red alert was announced. Jeremy sent the commander and a team of techs down to a secondary hanger to ascertain the problem. They found an anti-personnel rocket had slipped out of it's cradle and scorched the walls of the hanger. The "All Clear" sounded and a number of cleaning robots cleaned up the mess and redid the walls with a special compound. "Bell" reported roster and personnel numbers matched. 
When life had settled down a bit, Jeremy called a meeting of department heads at 9 am. for the following morning. The Commander's aide would cover the bridge so he could attend the meeting. When Jeremy arrived, all stood and saluted. He returned the salute and asked all to be seated so they could get things started. "This is going to be a bit unusual, but I want input from all of you and use your people as sounding boards. This is a round table discussion about the steps to take when we reach Earth. First, I think it best to hide the ships on the back side of the moon. Any thoughts on that?" Someone asked why not land or orbit Earth. "My answer is that Earth is loaded for war with nuclear weapons. Also, they have a settlement on the facing side of the moon. Chances are missiles would be flying left and right trying to knock us out of the sky. I don't want to start a war, just recruit some of the people. In time, we will land and be welcomed with open arms. I'm handing out folders with my thoughts on a variety of things to get accomplished. I'll state them and after that you take them back to your departments."

1. Hide ships 
2. Best way to address recruiting; ads and social media 
Males-55 and under 
long term enlistment
Females-40 and under 
Meet new people/expand your horizons
Well educated 
Need not reply, if married, have children or bound to family
Non Political
 * No criminal record (added)
non religious
Not anti-social
3. Limit 5oo recruits
4. To avoid shock upon awakening, use similar program that "Jack" used on me.
5. Use secondary hanger for them.
6. Install platforms and use same system "Jack" uses.
"I'm open to any changes you think may improve what I have just reported to you.Any questions at this moment?" A tech asked where Jeremy was going to store 500 people on Earth and how will he get them aboard?" "That is the second part of the plan. Tianna and I will go to my home town and reopen my home. Checking with the bank, I should have enough finances to rent a large warehouse on the outskirts of Santa Fe and have recruits meet me there. Those that pass screening will be led into another part of the warehouse and put into an induced sleep. When the count reaches fifty, I'll have "Jack" come down in the evening and remove them to the battle ship. If "Jack" can hold more, we'll up the count which will shorten the time and trips we have to make. At 500 we shut down the service and will see if it warrants reopening in 6 months."
"When the time comes to awaken them, we'll follow the same plan. The first fifty brought aboard will be the first awakened. With care, we should be able to have them in the mess hall within two hours where I will explain what has happened and what to expect upon arrival. I'll also want a couple of team members from other races to come in so they will get past their fear of the unknown. The program that "Jack" used is of paramount importance. I'm having "Jack" and "Bell" review the program and make minor changes to ensure a smoother operation. This is what I have come up with at this time. In closing, "Jack" will be dropping the car I was driving when I was  abducted, with Tianna and me in it, outside of Roswell, New Mexico. We will travel to my old home in Cristy and after arrival, I'll be checking with the bank about my finances after being gone for two years. It shouldn’t take long to get an empty building and set up shop. If there is an easy way to scan the recruits upon entering it would make it that much easier and faster in gaining the numbers needed. I'd like the techs to work on that and see what comes of it. Okay folks, that's all I have. We'll meet again in three days and see where we are."
It was just about lunch time, so Tianna, the Commander, and Jeremy remained seated and ordered lunch. "Well, Commander, what do you think?" "Captain, I think you have this just about the best way possible to attain our goal." Tianna sat and nodded her head in agreement. She only had one question. "Will I be looked upon with suspicion as to my height?" "No problem. We just make sure you wear flat heeled shoes. We also need "Bell" to make up a wardrobe for you and I need to find those clothes that I had when "Jack" kidnapped me." "Captain, all clothing and the car are in the hanger and are ready for your use when you come aboard," said "Jack". "Bell" jumped in and said a wardrobe would be made for Tianna and sent over to the scout ship. She also told Jeremy that entry into the Earth solar system was only five days away. Giving Tianna a peck on the cheek, he excused himself and went to do his watch on the bridge. The meeting three days later had a few minor suggestions to improve upon the handling of the sleeping recruits. With one day to go, Jeremy decided to enjoy an afternoon of swimming, sunbathing under the heat lamp and a quiet dinner with just Tianna and himself. He had "Bell" set up the small table and see to the wine and meal prep while they were down at the pool. The evening was perfect, according to his wife. After they were in bed, Tianna still had qualms about being on Earth. Jeremy asked "Bell" and "Jack" if there was information they could implant to make her time on Earth easier. They agreed it was a splendid idea and to have her at the med room in the morning. After breakfast they went to the med room and Tianna took a short nap. Fifteen minutes later she awoke with a smiling husband looking down at her. "Everything okay?" he asked. She smiled and nodded. "Bell" sounded the chimes for re-entry into normal space. Up to the observation deck went a number of people to see Jeremy's home planet. Though still far away, you could make out the blue coloring. A fair sized asteroid gave them a little cover as they closed the distance. Parting from it, they crept to the moon's dark side and parked."Jack" had the time and course plotted for entry into the sky over Roswell and everything needed was on board except passengers. "Bell" did the honors after Jeremy handed the bridge over to Commander Anvers.


CHAPTER13 The Journey Home


Going into the commander's quarters, Tianna and Jeremy changed into the clothing that would be their mainstay till the job was finished. "Jack" welcomed them aboard and asked if there was something he could do for them. Jeremy asked to be notified when they were leaving so he could see the view when awake versus in a dream. "As you wish, Commander." They checked the wardrobe to see the clothes that were provided. "Jack" told Jeremy his original clothes would not fit him anymore and "Bell" had copied those only in taller sizes, so to fit his new height and slim build. Once dressed, they looked at each other and started laughing. "Those people would be surprised to know that an alien was dressed like them and walking around,' said Tianna."  "We don't need any ripples, so keep this to your self, Tianna." "Do you think anyone would know if we used Telepathy to talk back and forth?" she asked. "Again, I'd rather not find out. use only if there is an emergency," he said. They were interrupted by a signal from "Jack" that they were preparing to lift off the moon and head for Earth. They hurried up to the observation deck, grabbed something to drink, and settled in to enjoy the trip. Two and a half hours later they were descending into the atmosphere. "Roswell in ten minutes. Time to go to your auto," said "Jack". "On our way", said Tianna. Getting into the car and getting seat belts fastened, they waited for the port below them to open. Slowly they dropped down to the ground. Then the ship rose into the night and it was just them at that truck stop. Starting the engine, he slowly pulled out onto the highway and headed northwest to Cristy, N.M. It took them about four and a half hours to get there and at the city limits Jeremy stopped and looked around. He wasn't homesick, just all the old memories came back to haunt him. His parents, his friend Deloris, and others he knew briefly. He took his foot off the brake and headed through town. In minutes he pulled up in front of his house and entered. No lights, phone, or noise. Someone has been nice enough to take care of the place while he was gone. They got the suitcases inside and went back into town and took a room at the Cristy Inn. Not being hungry, they just stretched out, her head on his shoulder.
They woke up and for a second, forgot where they were. Looking at his old Timex, he decided to do breakfast before starting off on their errands. On the way to the cafe, Tianna asked Jeremy to order for both of them. He just smiled and winked. Taking a booth they were soon met by a waitress. "What will it be folks?" she said. Looking over at Jeremy she drew back a little. Jeremy said, "Hello Ann, how are you?" "My heavens, we thought you were lost in a swamp or something." "No, actually, I was overseas on a scholarship and while there I met my wife. Tianna, this is Ann. She lived on my street and was very introverted. Looks like she came out of her shell." "Not funny, Jeremy." "You're right, of course. Sorry. Could we have number 3 and coffee?" She turned and headed to the kitchen. She brought the coffee and utensils then went back behind the counter. "Well, I guess you weren't such a wall flower after all," said Tianna. "Sorry dear, nothing there," he answered. Ann brought over their breakfast and asked if they needed anything else. Jeremy shook his head no and she left. After eating, Jeremy left money for the tab and a healthy tip and waved goodbye as they left. Down to the bank they walked hand in hand. Entering the bank, Jeremy saw the gentleman that set up his finances in a side office. Sticking his head in, he asked to see him at an opportune moment. Mr. Johnston said he'd be ready in about five minutes. As they sat there, a number of young men gave Tianna the once over. Seeing her holding hands with Jeremy changed their minds about approaching her. Mr. Johnston came out of his office and shook hands with Jeremy and asked them to come in. "Jeremy, where have you been for the past year or so?" "I had an opportunity to travel to Europe for studies and took advantage. How are my finances looking", Jeremy asked. Mr. Johnston typed on the keyboard and when the screen loaded, he swiveled it around and came and stood behind him. "As you can see, you have done quite well. Your checking and savings total almost three hundred thousand and the portfolio through the bank adds another eighty thousand. Your dad's retirement and benefits are not handled here. You'll have to get in touch with the corporation. They will give you all the information you require." "Thanks Mr Johnston, and are my credit card and checks still valid? "Yes and yes." "Then we won't take up any more of your time. Thank you sir." After shaking hands they departed.

Next on the list was the license and registration bureau. A very nice lady helped Jeremy get his plates and license renewed after telling her he had been in Europe doing extended studies. She was very helpful and gracious doing a little extra to make it easy. He thanked her and asked if there were more great ladies working there. She just laughed and shook her head as they turned and left. Next came the post office. He rented a large PO box and opened it to be sure it was large enough. While the clerk was busy, Jeremy stuck a paper thin device into the top of it. "Bell", by transporting mail up and then sending it back once she had the information, could keep tabs on all responses. From there he stopped at a Walmart and bought a laptop and had them set it up with a service provider. Going back home, he set it near a window and again attached a thin device to the bottom of it. This would allow "Bell" to get all messages and also leave messages for Jeremy and Tianna. Sitting down with a cup of coffee, they compared notes to see what was left to do. They needed an empty building on the outskirts of Santa Fe and checked the ads in the major newspapers and social media. "Bell", check that systems are working." After another sip of coffee he got his answer. "Bell" reported everything was in working order. "If we leave now, we could be in Santa Fe by dinner time. What do you think, Tianna?" "Put the top down and let's be on our way," she said. As warm as it is, can we put on shorts and light top?" Seeing his smile she left and returned in more comfortable clothes for the hot weather. It was nearly six o'clock when they pulled into an Inn and registered for a room. Putting their overnight bags in the room, they went looking for a place to eat. Going into one of the larger hotels, they found it had a rather nice restaurant. Again, he ordered for both of them. Salad, deep fried fish, and baked potato, with a light white wine was just what he thought they needed. After they had finished the main meal and were enjoying the wine, Tianna asked if they had server units. "No, everything is prepared in the kitchen by a chef and short order cook. Servers are still a long way off," he said. Paying for their meal, they left and strolled back to the Inn. An acute sense of danger entered his mind and getting Tianna in front of him, he turned around to see two young men approaching. With hands in the jackets, he knew at least one had a gun. "You will follow us around the corner and be quiet about it," said the taller of the two. Before he had finished making his demand, Jeremy had dropped him to the ground and had grabbed the other by the throat. "If you wish to see tomorrow, remove your hand from your pocket and be quick about it." The young man turned pale, but removed his hand. "Now you had better see to your friend. He will need medical attention, I'm sure." Removing the gun from the man's jacket pocket, he escorted Tianna back to the inn doors and entered. Going to the lady on duty, he placed the gun on the counter and told her to call the police and tell them they will find a would be robber in the emergency room with a Larynx problem. His friend will be there with him. He smiled at her and then headed to the elevator. Tianna asked if he thought it a good idea to bring this out in the open. His response was that they would do it again if not stopped now. The next target might die from gunshot wounds. That made her feel better. Sure enough, not twenty minutes later there was a knock on the door. "Come in," said Jeremy, and in walked a policeman and a detective. "Are you the person that had the desk clerk call in about a robbery," he asked? Jeremy nodded his head and asked if the clerk had given them the gun he had deposited on the counter. The officer told them they had been trying to catch those two for a couple of weeks. "You just made our day by putting them out of commission. The detective asked if they had any injuries. They shook their heads no and the policeman said thank you and left.


CHAPTER 14 The Warehouse


Next morning, after breakfast they went to a realty company and asked if they had a warehouse about twenty thousand square feet in the outlying area they could rent. After checking his computer, the Realtor said he had three. Driving them out to the suburbs, he walked them through all three. The second one was already divided into sections, had bathrooms, and heavy duty electrical system. Three overhead doors at the rear with nothing but a large field out back was perfect. Jeremy rented it for three months with the option of a longer term. The contract was written and signed within two hours. With keys in, hand they got into the car and headed back to Cristy. Jeremy sent word that they had the warehouse and a beacon was set up inside. In the back of the car was a little device, that when opened,  fit around the inner part of the door. Though it looked like molding it was in reality a scanning device. When the time came to start processing, that little strip was going to be very useful. "Jack" would have to move toward the light side of the moon to get a strong signal and scan each recruit that entered. Jeremy or Tianna sitting at desks with ear monitors would get a signal from "Jack" whether the person was a yes or no. The next thing on the agenda was the ad for the newspaper and social network. It was to be a week long run and see what happened. "Bell" took care of the internet and Jeremy made the calls to the national papers.

It would be seen the following Monday. Waiting for another day was tense to say the least. Jeremy decided to put on his swim suit and parade around the living room. Tianna took one look and asked where. He had made a phone call to the hotel where he had dined that first night and, indeed, they had a pool. Non guests could use the pool for a ten dollar fee per person. Throwing on shorts and a top, they went to the car and drove over. After paying the clerk the twenty dollars they proceeded to go jump in the pool. They hadn't had the opportunity to swim for awhile so they made the most of it. Splashing and dunking each other, anyone would think they were kids. When both were tired out, they sat in lounges and dried off. Shortly, they made their way home and dropped on the bed and fell asleep. When they crawled out of bed and had a cup of coffee, it occurred to Jeremy there was one more thing to add to the ads. Messaging "Bell", he instructed her to include in the ads "No one with a criminal record need apply". She messaged back that it would be included. "Jack" acknowledged he also got it. It was Sunday and the day was perfect. Sunny, light breeze, and temps in the low eighty's. After bacon, eggs, and toast, Jeremy asked if Tianna wanted to go window shop. Not knowing what that meant, she sat there with a passive look on her face. Jeremy went on to explain, "It entails just looking in the store window and if something catches your eye, go in and see if it is something you would like."
"We don't have that at home. Let's do it," was her answer. They drove downtown and parked in a parking lot and proceeded to wander from store to store. Jeremy was just enjoying the walk when she grabbed his arm. "What is that in the window?" she asked. Looking over he saw what had caught her eye. "It is a sheer outfit you wear just before going to bed." "Wouldn't company wonder what was going on if I wore something like that when we had a party?" "No Tianna, it is only worn in the privacy of our home when no one else is there." "Is there something I'm missing as I don't get the connection?" "Honey, it is supposed to get your partner in the mood." "What mood?" "The mood for making love." "Oh, do I need an outfit like that?" "Are we having problems with our sex life?" "No, I don't think so." "Then you don't need it." Without waiting, Jeremy started walking on down the street. Tianna hurried to catch up, and looking at his red face, decided not to pursue the subject further. They did stop at one store to get suntan lotion for her. He never gave thought to the fact she might get a sunburn. Her skin was just starting to turn a shade of color and he wasted no time applying the lotion onto her skin. When they returned home, she asked if she was going to have a problem with the sun. He looked closely and told her there would be no problem as they got her covered in time. No more shorts and halters for her for awhile. as they sat and enjoyed a glass of wine that evening, she said she was sorry for being so stupid concerning that sleepwear. He, in turn, told her he was naive about women or he wouldn't have turned beet red. With a slight giggle they continued to enjoy the evening.
Monday morning started off slowly. It had started to rain and even the natives did not want to move. Jeremy turned the laptop on and watched as the morning news scrolled by. Suddenly he stopped scrolling and read the ad. There it was and it just jumped out at you. From there he entered the social media content and it appeared there in bold type. "Bell" and "Jack" had done a superb job and he mentally praised them both and received a thank you in return. They were going to need a security detail and a few robots at the warehouse to prevent anyone from coming in when no one was around. They also needed platforms built and walls constructed to separate those in sleep mode from the outer rooms used for interviews. Later that morning he received a message that the work was well on its way to completion and a six man security team was on watch in eight hour shifts. The rest of the day was relax and wait. After Tianna asked, Jeremy went on to give her more information on his past life. Though he thought his life was rather nondescript, she found it fascinating. By dinnertime she had came forward with more about herself and her family, which raised Jeremy's eye brows at some of the things she said. He had no idea that everyone at some point after schooling had to spend a two year stint in the military. This was done so that all would be available in case of war and already be trained. 
After dinner he got some good news. A dozen people had put in a notice they were interested in this job and wanted an interview to apply. A quick search by the ships gave those people a clean bill to progress to the interview stage. That put them on notice to start setting up the interviews in a week. Jeremy asked how the warehouse was shaping up. By nightfall all would be finished. Jeremy and Tianna drove down to Santa Fe to see the warehouse for themselves. The doors were slightly ajar and a member of the security team was just inside. As they entered the guard advised the other team members that the Captain was present. They jumped up and saluted. Returning the salute, Jeremy said that while on Earth not to use the formal rules. We don't want to scare the natives. "As you were." The place looked totally different. The room inside the main doors was an office with several desks and office furniture. Going toward the back was a set of doors that opened into two separate areas. One had an area for refreshments and drinks. The other was set up with platforms with pillows and blankets. There was machinery next to each platform. There were enough platforms for fifty people. The three rear overhead doors now opened onto a covered portico, covered with tile over concrete. This was almost to good to be true. The changes were fantastic. He telepathed a big thank you to the ships. Bidding the security team a good night, they drove back to Cristy. The next few days was used to set up the checking account to pay for those returning home instead of going up to the ship. Also, plans were made for two small buses to get the recruits from the airport, bus, and train station, to the warehouse, and return those leaving, back to their choice of travel. They still had a couple days free, so he took Tianna fishing. He never laughed so hard in his life. She managed to hook a big one, was off balance, and ended up in the river. She sputtered as she got back to shore but soon was laughing also. He looked at her and said, "You don't know how much you have improved my life, and I love you for it."  She walked over, gave him a big hug, then started laughing as he looked down the front of his clothing and realized he was soaking wet. This was another unforgettable day, he thought. 
The day to start doing the interviews was upon them. They rose at five, ate a hearty breakfast, and then drove down to the warehouse in Santa Fe. Enclosed in a side area was a server that made it easy to get drinks. No sooner had they sat down and the bus pulled in. Twelve people stepped down and looked around. One of the security team ushered them in one at a time. He told them a scanner was used, just to make sure no weapons got inside. They each grabbed a chair and sat down. Using the list in front of them, Tianna and Jeremy called the name on top and each came forward into the office area for the interview. Going over the list of requirements with each and making sure they knew this was a long term assignment, they welcomed them onto the team. As they left, a security member ushered them into the next room to get comfortable and grab a quick drink and sandwich. He excused himself and said he would be right back. Within a minute the two were unconscious. They were put on a platform and moved to the adjacent room. There they were hooked up to a machine and were now in an induced sleep. It was only an hour or so before all twelve were asleep on platforms. Jeremy got word another thirty five were on the way tomorrow. That would total forty seven. Jeremy did not want to hold up the process, so "Jack" would make the first trip tomorrow night. He would bring replacement platforms with him. The second day worked the same as the first day. At ten that evening, "Jack" dropped down behind the warehouse and, with a few robots, had the recruits loaded and was on his way. It took the full two weeks to get the numbers and then the ads were shut down and reported they may reopen in about six to eight months. There were about sixty applicants that were told that if the program was restarted they would be at the top of the list and brought in immediately for an interview. Tianna and Jeremy went back to close up the house and let those who needed to know, they were off to Europe for the next eight to twelve months to see family. They jumped in the car and headed back toward Roswell and the truck stop. What a lovely sight, sitting in the car as it rose up into the ship.
Returning to the battle ship, they were met by Commander Anvers and Lt. Jensen. "Glad to have you back" said the Commander. Lt. Jansen also nodded approval. "Are the recruits all settled and sleeping?" "Yes sir," they said in unison. "Good, we are heading to quarters and I will resume my schedule later today," said Jeremy. Taking Tianna's hand, he proceeded over to the lift and rose to their quarters. "That has been a long two weeks," he said. "Make that closer to three," she responded. Getting them a drink, he sat down on the couch, kicked off his shoes, loosened his tie and slowly sipped his drink. She followed suit and soon was cuddled up beside him. No words were spoken. They just enjoyed the peace and quiet for awhile. Jeremy felt a little shudder and knew they were lifting off the moon and soon would be in light drive, heading for home. He didn't relish the thought of doing this again in six months or so. Later the following day, he and Tianna went down one level and just floated around in the pool, followed by a short period under the heat lamp. It felt marvelous getting back to those things they enjoyed together. After a late lunch, Jeremy dressed in his everyday uniform and went to the bridge. He relieved the Commander and Lt. Jensen who saluted and left the bridge. "Well, "Bell", what have I missed the last couple of weeks? Kindly fill me in." The brain reported that all of the agents were apprehended and had been sent to the place of no return. "Among those caught were two of the off worlders that had invaded us. They were executed and their remains burned. "Jack" is now attached to the underside of our ship which makes it easier when we wake up the recruits and means a faster trip home. We will gain about two weeks over our trip out. That covers about all the news while you were gone."  "That is good news and I could use more of it." Checking the computer screen in front of him, all was well. so he just sat and watched the bridge crew at their stations. Time went kind of fast and the Commander was back to relieve him. Lt. Jansen would be on the next four hour stint on the bridge. 
As he was leaving he sent a thought to Tianna to meet him in the observation deck for an afternoon drink. She was already there when he arrived and had their drinks on the side tables. She knew something was bothering him, but waited for him to tell her what it was. After a few sips he turned and said, "Do you realize by the time this project is finished, I'll be an old man and ready to retire?" "AHEM" came through his mind and made him jump. Then "The Brain" asked him where he got that idea. " "Jack" and I have made a number of changes mentally and physically to you and you will remain at the age you are at now for a very long time. The chairperson had that information and I'm surprised it wasn't relayed to you." Tianna laughed and told him he ought to keep this to himself and make use of it the next time he raises the ire of the council. He thanked the brain for what had been done and know could enjoy Tianna's company for a very long time. Then the voice was gone and it was just the two of them again. "You’ll probably spend all this extra time just making me red in the face." "No," she said. "But I will really enjoy all the extra time together." They finished their drinks and returned to their quarters. Her suite had been emptied and was now used for storage of their belongings. His suite was large enough for both of them. When they entered, Jeremy realized he was tired and said he was going to lay down for awhile. So, they both dropped down on the platform and as soon as it had adjusted to them they were asleep.

His sleep was not a restful one as he had a recurring dream that this venture might blow up in his face. When he woke up his pillow was wet. This was not a good sign. He messaged LLana, the head of the psych team, and asked her to come up to his quarters. Slowly he arose and slipped out into the living room. He sat down and felt the presence of LLana near the door panel. He thought "open" and it slid to the side. LLana walked in and sat across from him. "Is there a problem, Sir?" she asked. He told her of the dream and also that it recurred twice while he slept." Knowing your mind and body are changing is going to make this more difficult. Off hand, I'd say you need to talk to "Bell" and maybe the Brain." "Thank you. I'll let you know what I find out." She stood up and saluted. After Jeremy returned  the salute she left. He rose and went to get a cup of coffee. Once again seated, he called for "Bell". "Yes Captain". "Bell", I'm going to tell you about a recurring dream I had today and see if it makes any sense to you. He retold what he had said to LLana and waited for "Bell" to answer. She said she was scanning, but had not picked up on anything. "I'll continue scanning and if I find anything, I'll call immediately." So far, everything was a dead end. He stretched out on the couch and called to the "Brain". It immediately replied and asked what he needed. He let his mind show what the dream entailed and waited to see if the "Brain" could make sense of it. The "Brain" called for "Bell" and told her to follow him mentally. "When I stop, you pin point the location and send a security team there and incapacitate the person. He is a risk to the ship and all on board." It was quiet for a few minutes and then The Brain told Jeremy the problem was contained. The person was put into an isolation capsule and would not be a problem. "You are about ten days out from the naval space station. Have them take the capsule and they will resolve the problem. "Thank you." “The "Brain" said, "seeing as how I'm here, let me scan you and see how the changes are coming. Looking fine, a mild head ache may happen a couple of times in the following days. Other than that, all is coming along fine. See me when you get home." Then he was gone. "Bell" told him he was more sensitive than she was. "Keep us appraised when you get these feelings so we can run them down."  Then she was gone too. He relaxed and drank his now luke warm coffee. When Tianna came out and sat down, she knew immediately that something was amiss. After what seemed like an hour, Jeremy told her what had transpired. She surmised what had happened. There are a few rogue entities in the galaxy that can drive you mad over a short period of time. Given a few days he could've reeked havoc on this ship. You can thank the "Brain" and "Bell" for having started the changes in your mind and body.


CHAPTER 15 The New Recruits


The following day was the start of waking up the recruits. When all were awake and on their feet, they were all sent to the mess hall. After eating and getting another drink they were informed the captain was on the way in. As he entered, Lt. Jensen spoke loud and clear, "Captain Jeremy present." All the navy people stood and saluted. Returning the salute he said, "As you were." "Good morning. I hope you slept well the past month. I am the captain of this vessel and the scout ship that accompanies us. I am an Earth man just like you, with the exception of the ladies that are here with us. This is a Volaran battleship with a crew of just over seven hundred. There are a large number of specialized robots that we incorporate also. When I am through explaining to you what has and will happen in the near future, I will do my best to answer any and all questions. Let me start by having my wife and partner greet you. This is Tianna, a council member on the Volaran Council which governs the three planets they occupy." Tianna stepped forward and got a warm reception. I, like you, traveled a good distance under an induced sleep and received a large amount of information about why I was abducted and where I was going. You, on the other hand, have a little less info than I did. The Volaran civilization was old before we crept onto dry land on Earth. Like us, they had to go through the growing stages and find their way to peace and prosperity. Along the way they met other races and became friends and so made a loose federation of planets. Volarans have no interest in ruling other races. All are treated as equals. Now let's get to the gist of why you were offered a position with us. I will use a numbering system to relay the information I have."
"First, the Volarans are at a standstill and soon will start to regress. They've sent out ships to find races that were compatible with them. They found three. One race had no need to be on dry land, there bye, removing themselves from possible consideration. That left two. Our race was on the list. The third race failed to meet the mental and physical standards. We have been chosen. Second, I was scanned and passed the first step. During the trip I was given the necessary information to have an idea what was transpiring and to prepare me for my landing on Volar. Third, this is an equal partnership. They plan on sharing everything they have achieved with us and in return we make an honest effort to become one with them. Believe me, we got the best end of the bargain. Fourth, relax and try to empty your mind of everything around you. I have something to show you. Closing his eyes he pictured the city as he first saw it, followed by the sights and the centers he had visited. He pictured the council chamber and the men and women responsible for handling day to day problems and the vast areas of forests and the other four cities that were duplicates of the capitol. There was one city per continent. The rest of the planet was left natural except for farming. He pictured the satellites and the moons. Then he opened his eyes and waited. As they opened theirs Jeremy could tell they were impressed. Fifth, everyone is educated, everyone has a vocation, everyone has the same as their neighbor. As you progress you have rewards given to you. There are no homeless, no unemployed, and no crime. There was an exception. A councilor that was against the plan to bring the two races together conspired with the race that had been sent home packing from the war six hundred years ago. He and his son and the agents have been caught and will spend their lives in isolation in a place that no one can enter. Lastly, when we land, you will be met by a group of Volarans. Each of you will pair with one of them of the opposite sex. Their home is your home and they will assimilate you into how they live and show you all that is available to you. There is no time line. Relax and enjoy all there is to do and see. I already have been through this and from experience can tell you, life is definitely worth living on Volar. Now, ask any questions you have." A young lady asked what they did for money. "There is no currency. Clothes, food, entertainment, education, vocation, are all there for you. There is certain to be curiosity among the people and other races. This will be short lived and you will be accepted as helping them save their race and culture." Next came the question that many had on their minds. "What if you find that the person that you are paired with is just not the one for you?" "This is not a prison. These people volunteered to help you become like them. There are activities where you will meet others. When you feel comfortable with the way life is here, spread your wings and go. The only requirement is, that hopefully, at least half of you will find that Volaran man or woman to spend the rest of your life with. There is very little difference between us and them. I found Tianna refreshing after I had spent a short time with her. If a major problem arises on this ship or on Volar, LLana and her team will be available to help resolve any problem for a period of six months. She will be replaced by another with her expertise. Llanas’ team must leave when the ship leaves to gather more recruits for our project of mixing the races. I wiil be available any day, any time. Call "Bell" and I'll be there. Meeting over. Commander Anvers and my aide will be glad to give you a tour of the areas that are not restricted. Robots will show you how things operate. The servers, that supply food, the bathrooms, the clothing you will be fitted with, the libraries, pool and a host of other things to peek you interest. If you find you need something, do not be afraid to ask. If needed, I will personally see to solving any issue you have. Two more weeks and we will land on your new home. Enjoy the rest of your cruise."  Commander Anvers and Lt. Jensen waited by the exit panels and those that wished to take the tour were separated into two groups and led away to see what a Battleship looked like.

With the Commander and the Lt. doing the tour, Jeremy had to go to the bridge and assume the leadership role. A few hours later the tour was completed and Commander Anvers replaced Jeremy. The Commander was surprised that the people on his tour, asked questions at every stop and showed awe at some things he took for granted. Explaining how a ship this size traveled around the galaxy took some effort on his part. Luckily, "Bell" came to his aid. This started a whole new list of questions. When the questions piled up, "Bell" asked for quiet and then explained what she was and how she became, for all intents and purposes, the ship. She went on to explain she was the backbone of everything that Captain Jeremy wanted done. She was a personal bodyguard and friend to him. His decisions were law and she was the deputy. That brought quite a bit of laughter from her audience. Last question, "Do you sleep?" "No! I can go into a state of utter quiet, but even then, if the Captain calls, I am available." By then the tour was over and each robot gathered a number of recruits and took them to quarters assigned till they landed. As he rose from the chair, Lt. Jansen arrived and reported almost the same thing as the Commander. "Gentlemen, this is a good start. Let's hope it will continue. After a quick salute was exchanged, Jeremy went to Captain's quarters and had the server make a couple of drinks. Shortly, Tianna arrived and they both kicked off their shoes and enjoyed some quiet time. Two days later the battleship docked at the naval space station. As the ship slowly closed the distance to the space station all screens and video feeds fed the live pictures of their docking. A security team took the sealed tube with the prisoner through a tunnel that was attached between the two. Jeremy and Lt. Jansen accompanied the security team and were met by the station's Captain. After the salutes back and forth, Jeremy reported the being inside was very dangerous and to be extra careful handling that tube. The Captain had already received orders and would duly note the transfer. With a handshake and a salute, they left and returned to the ship. Within an hour they were back in faster than light drive. The talk for the next few days was all about the Space Station. The recruits couldn't believe there was anything that large floating around the Galaxy. They were even more surprised to learn that there were four more in the galaxy.

CHAPTER 16 Welcome to Volar

The last week before touchdown was a hive of activity. Per regulations, all articles had to be stowed or made immovable. The ship was to be cleaned and be neat as a pin. Dress uniforms were to be worn on the day they went into orbit. There was a possibility of visitors and Captain Jeremy wanted the crew to put it's best foot forward. They strived to be the best in the fleet if that is possible. The crew was divided into four groups and liberty would be a month at a time. Three groups off and one on with a rotation every month. The last two months would split half and half. group 1 and 2, first month, 3 and 4, the last month. Each group would have a four month leave overall. The smiles that day would have melted an iceberg. Jeremy received word that five transfer ships would be available to bring the recruits down and the crew would use the landing ships to go on leave. A large team was to be sent to check out the robots and the servers. With the absence of officers, "Bell" was in command. The day finally arrived and the battleship dropped out of faster than light speed and slowed to enter the solar system. Jeremy told "Bell" to send the sequence to get the permission to proceed. "Yes Sir, Captain." Again, the battleship slowly made the trip to Volar so the recruits could see first hand what Jeremy had shown them a few months ago. The oohs and ahs were prevalent throughout the ship. At last orbit was achieved. Jeremy and Commander Anvers went down to the main hanger to welcome the transport ships. He had expected five, but there were six. Then he saw the council emblem on the smallest ship. The officers of the five ships came forward and the chair lady, with a few counselors, also came forward. The officers saluted and Jeremy and the Commander reciprocated. The party split apart to allow the councilors to advance. As the chair lady stepped forward Jeremy saluted and said, "Captain Jeremy at your service, Madam Chair lady." She nodded  and asked how things went. Jeremy told her, "For the first run, it was hectic but the crew came through with flying colors. I will not willingly let Commander Anvers or LT. Jensen leave my command. I rely on them and they never disappoint." 
"Well Commander, shall we get these people down to the planet. We have ladies and gentlemen waiting to meet these people from Earth. "Yes Ma-am. At once. Commander Anvers, is everything ready?" "Yes sir." "Give the order and lets get them moving." He turned and flashed a signal and out into the hanger came the five hundred recruits. Once the ships were loaded, they lifted off and headed toward the surface. The chair councilor told Jeremy and Commander Anvers to come with them and they would be present to welcome the recruits to their new home. They entered the ship and were moving as soon as the portal closed. The pilot wasted no time and it landed about a minute before the recruits. They followed the councilors onto a stage and were seated as the ships emptied. The meeting place was a large oval that could probably seat a few thousand people with the platform in the middle. When everyone was seated, the chairwoman held a little device about the size of an egg holder up near her lips and spoke softly into it. Her words reverberated throughout the oval. "Fellow Volarans, human recruits, let me welcome you to our meeting place. This is hopefully a new chapter in the history of both races. I beg you to be patient with one another, and make allowances. As weeks go by, we hope that other than minor snags, we can build a strong relationship among us. I will now turn this meeting over to Captain Jeremy." Walking over to him, she placed the object in his hand and showed him the little button to push to talk. "To the Volarans who have volunteered to take on the responsibility of helping a human adjust to this world and who have opened their homes and hearts, I thank you. On the other side of the coin, people of Earth, the basics you already know. In the following weeks and months, I hope you will keep an open mind and think what this opportunity means for both of our races. Together we can make strides beyond our wildest dreams. I want you to make eye contact with those across from you and when I shut my mouth, please come down into the grassy area and with a smile take the first step into our future. Thank you." With thunderous applause, the two races of volunteers met in the middle of the arena and with gentle hugs they let the other know their name and, hand in hand, proceeded out of the arena and toward city center. When the last ones were gone the Chairperson told Jeremy he missed his calling. "You should be the chairperson, not me." With a smile, he replied he would not feel at ease in that position and she was doing a fine job as it was. In a second, Tianna was there grasping his hand and radiating a smile that would melt ice. The councilors headed to their ship and Jeremy and Tianna waited at a curb for a little car to arrive and take them to their residence.
The first two weeks were the toughest, as neither partner had a clue what the other was thinking. After sitting down and a little give and take there was an upswing in the relationships. There were a few that had to be changed, but the council had made arrangements for extras to be available. And finally, after a month, things were smooth and couples were seen all over the city. Jeremy had put off going to his meeting with the "Brain", and it was high time to go there. Not knowing if Tianna was going, he asked her. She replied that he was going solo to see the "Brain" and anything that was private between them had to stay that way. So, dressed in his battleship clothes he took a cart to the building. Again the security officer was there. Seeing the Captain, he stepped back and saluted. Jeremy returned the salute and entered. In minutes he was at the scan area and was told to come forward. As he got closer, he noted a chair and a drink awaiting him. After sitting down, the "Brain" had him close his eyes and relax. He seemed to be floating and there was a presence along side of him. "Jeremy, you have done what we asked and went beyond what was expected. Know that you have earned the right to long life and health. Within a few more weeks you will be able to talk to me anywhere in the galaxy. You already know you will not age, but there is more. "Bell" has the ability to transport items up to five miles from her position. You also will have this ability soon. This is why I wanted to see you. The transition has already started with the five hundred. There are three new heart beats, sex unknown, but vibrant. The mothers will be getting some hard kicks in a few months and will enjoy what is taking place. "You have fulfilled the visit and now you can wake up and go spend some well earned time with Tianna. Maybe, a honeymoon is in order. What do you think?" "You haven't been wrong yet." "One thing before you go. Those responsible for all the trouble will never see daylight again. Goodbye, till we chat again." Jeremy sat up and again felt totally refreshed. He looked inside the dome and then turned and headed for the lift.
Jeremy had just got home and had kicked off his shoes when a robot came out to the patio and asked if Jeremy would consider meeting with three of the humans from Earth. Tianna had stepped out to the patio and quietly sat down. Without a thought he asked the robot to show the young men in. They were all young, under twenty-five. "Have a seat and tell the robot what you'd like for refreshments and then you can tell me the reason for your visit." The oldest spoke for all three. "Sir, We all have served in the military and would like to serve in the military here." After a slight hesitation, he asked how the pairing was going. "Well sir, we have had an experience like never before. We all have bonded with our partners and have gone through the ritual." Just then a thought struck him like a hammer.  "You and your partners are not expecting are you?" The men got very quiet, looked at each and nodded their heads. "Well, congratulations are in order.  I'm thinking you would like to be stationed inside the solar system to be close to the expectant mothers. All three answered at once. "If possible, sir." "Give me twenty four hours and come back and bring the young ladies with you. At that time I'll have an answer." They arose as did Jeremy and shaking their hands said, "Well done." Then the robot showed them out. Tianna looked at him and asked, "How did you know?" I had a little help from an outside source." "What are you going to do?" she asked. "You are going to get me a meeting with the chairwoman immediately." Tianna closed her eyes and in a minute opened them and remarked, "You have an appointment in one hour at the library." Smiling, he asked if she would like to tag along. "If no one objects, yes." An hour later they entered the library and went down the hallway. Jeremy knew where she was the minute he entered the building, twenty rows down, turn right and she would be seated at a table.  Unknown to anyone, those three men had been scanned by  "Bell" and found to be qualified. Looking up from the report she had been reading, she asked the Captain what she could do for him. He answered that three men from Earth had stopped by and asked if there was a chance of entering the military and to be stationed in this solar system. She said she would look into it and get back to him. Knowing this to be a stall tactic, he asked if this was going to be held back like his longevity change was. The chair woman got a little pale, then said, "No, they need to be scanned." " Already done," was his reply, "and "Bell" says they passed with flying colors." Again, the chairwoman hesitated. She finally relented and told Jeremy where they should report. "My sincere thanks and you probably should know those three men will soon be fathers." With a smile, he bid her a good day and turned and left. Outside, Tianna asked him if he wasn't really a super negotiator. In answer, he said, "We have a baby shower to set up and not much time to do it. Let's get this party rolling."
The following day they hustled around and with the help of "Bell" got everything set up. The robots had decorated the patio and had the gifts wrapped and set behind the lounges. Cake and ice cream was in the kitchen along with champagne to toast their good fortune. At around four o'clock one of the robots opened the door and let the three young men and their mates into the foyer. With them following the robot, they made their way to the patio. They were greeted with a lot of noise and cheers. The next door neighbors had come over and invited to stay. After things settled down and names exchanged, Jeremy gave them the good news. "You have been scanned by "Bell" and passed. The chairwoman has given me the info for your acceptance in the military and you will be part of the security force on one of the satellites. Congratulations. When the births happen, let us know. We are intrigued that this is happening so fast." Popping the champagne corks the toasts were made and the food was served. Following that, the baby shower gifts were handed out. Everyone had a good time and it was about two in the morning when it broke up. LLana stopped by in the morning and caught the two of them in the pj's. "Sorry Captain, but I thought you would like a briefing on how things were going." " And, how are things going?" he asked. "Two problems, both minor. Two couples felt they needed new partners, so we got two more for them. Left happy. Next, a young lady had a minor melt down. The gentleman wanted a room set up one way and she had been a designer on Earth and felt the room looked dazzling the way she has done it." Without thought, he raised his voice and scared her. I sat down with each one and then both of them together. It was a case of ego's. Once out in the open they kissed and left without even  saying goodbye. That's all I have. It's looking great."  "Well done. Sit down and have some breakfast before you leave."



CHAPTER 17 Shocking News



After nearly four months, the desired mating was at a little over sixty percent. Most of the humans were in happy relationships that would eventually move to the wedding ritual. The Volarans that had volunteered were more than a little surprised after a few weeks with the new vitality shown by the people from Earth. At the forefront for many was education. A number were very enthusiastic with the thought of traveling the stars. These humans showed the Volarans new music, art, and even poetry. Jeremy was ecstatic by the updates he received. He was summoned to the council for a meeting. Tianna dressed in her councilor robes and road there with him. At the door she gave him a quick peck on the cheek and said she would see him soon. As he was escorted into the chamber he heard loud applause and looked around. The entire chamber was filled with crowds from the different races and Volarans. The chairwoman banged her gavel and it quickly quieted down. The chair told Jeremy to sit. She then continued with a summary of progress which caused a thunderous roar from the seats. Again she used the gavel. "Captain Jeremy, we have two items to take care and then we will adjourn. First, you have shown that you can take a lead role in this project and have succeeded beyond expectations. Knowing this we have made the decision to have three more battleships and three more scouts added to you team. It is our hope that shortly, say eight weeks, you will be ready to duplicate your success again. Secondly it is our pleasure to update your place in the Navy. Be it known that Captain Jeremy will assume the rank of Rear Admiral with all that goes with that title. Congratulations, Rear Admiral Jeremy. This council is hereby adjourned." This time it was a standing ovation. The chairwoman herself came down and pinned the bars on his uniform. Your new uniforms will be sent to your residence in about three days. She amazed him with a big smile and a strong hug, whispering her thanks.



When he and Tianna returned home he was to be surprised again. His in-laws, neighbors and a number of recruits with their spouses were there and a large party got underway. Just as he went out to the patio, Raina stopped him and asked if she could have a word with him. He nodded and they went down to the sandy part of the beach. Turning around and looking him straight in the eye, she told him how proud she was to have him for a son-in-law. "Each time I see my daughter, she seems to glow when we talk about you. You have fulfilled a wish Hently and I have had for awhile. Thank you." With a hug, she took his hand and they went back to the patio. Tianna saw them coming and asked how come they hadn't gone for a swim. He gave her a smile and said, "Tomorrow." Hently joined them and, shaking Jeremy's hand, congratulated him and said he really had something to brag about. "My son-in-law is a Rear Admiral." They all laughed at that and went to mingle with the other guests. When Jeremy woke up the next morning, he was sure he was going to die. He messaged a robot to have coffee and something for his headache on the table in about five minutes. He made his way into the bathroom and took an ice cold shower. At least now, he could walk without staggering. Down the ramp and into the dining room he went to get that coffee and the cure for his hangover. By the second cup he was ready to go out to the patio and greet the new day. After he sat down he thought to himself, what does Rear Admiral and all that goes with it mean? "It means you only have to answer to the admiralty or the council henceforth. Other than that anything you want done will be done without question or hesitation." He knew immediately who had answered that unspoken question. he thanked "the brain" for the information and got an unusual comment. "At your service, sir." "Oh no! Not you too?" "Yes Jeremy, I now answer to you. I am your subordinate." "I'd much rather keep our relationship as it was." "If that is your command, so be it." Just then Tianna appeared with her cup and a new pot of coffee. He related his conversation with the "Brain" and, as a councilor, she told him she already knew. "I guess there is no reason to wait the full two weeks to get started." She replied, "No, there isn't."
The following day he had "Bell" find the ships that were to be in his group, but they were already in orbit, close by. "Relay the order to the new ships, liberty for three days, then get ready to ship out." "Yes sir." He was about to head for the patio when a robot came to him with the wardrobe that was to be worn by him from now on. It was dress and everyday outfits and all had the bars attached to the uniforms. He had little fear of losing them, not having to move them from one suit to another. The robot gathered up his captain outfits and left. Tianna and her parents were already on the patio when he exited the house. Sitting down, he told the robot there to make his order for breakfast the same as the rest. Raina asked when was his battle group leaving for Earth. "Three more days and they would get going. Why don't you and dad stay till we leave." Raina looked over at her husband and he nodded, yes. Hently told Jeremy, he had never been in a space ship and wondered if he could find his way to grant him a trip to the flagship before they left. "Right after breakfast." He called "Bell" and she answered immediately. "Bell", send down a shuttle in about an hour. There will be four of us coming up to the ship." "Yes sir, Admiral." He looked at Tianna and said with a grin, "I'm not used to Captain and now I have to start over with Admiral!" She just smiled at him and said, "Yes Admiral." The parents were overjoyed to have a tour and were ready to join them, but Jeremy shook his head no.
The evening before departure as he sat in the bedroom sorting clothes to take, he had a sudden outburst in his mind. The noise only lasted a couple seconds and then was gone. It happened so fast he paid little attention to it. He awoke in the middle of the night hearing a sound. He waited, but nothing else happened. He closed his eyes and returned to sleep. They were both up early in the morning and were seated at breakfast with Raina and Hently when again he heard the noise. It was almost musical sounding and then it was gone. He looked around and everyone was staring at him. He shrugged his shoulders, but called out to "the Brain" silently. "I'm hearing these noises in my mind, have you noticed them to?" The "Brain" answered in the negative, then asked Jeremy if he had asked Tianna about it. Looking at Tianna, he asked her if she had heard any noises in her mind last night or this morning. "Yes, Jeremy, I have. I'm pregnant." He looked stunned. "Really!" "I'm pregnant!" "I heard you!" "I'm pregnant!" Now he was getting a little upset. Before he lost it, she asked him how many times did she say she was pregnant. "Three!" Then the wheels started turning, "Triplets?" "Yes dear, triplets." He looked around, then asked, "How long have you known?"  "Since last night when you were sorting your wardrobe to take with us. I didn't say anything, cause I wasn't sure." Raina and Hently came around the table and gave both of them hugs. Hently said, "I have so much to tell our friends, it'll take a week to get through it all." Raina just smiled. Jeremy, however, wanted to be sure that it was safe for her to go on this voyage. "There will be no problems, be assured," she said. He silently told "Bell" and the "Brain" the good news, but they already knew. They would never spoil the surprise Tianna had in store for him. 
The van was waiting, fully loaded with the trunks that were going, and left as soon as they were on board. Making his way to the shuttle was a chore. Every corner they turned, an officer would yell, Admiral present, and the salutes started. Finally in the shuttle, they had a chance to relax. "I think in the future we will have a midnight departure." The shuttle softly touched down in the hanger, the port opened and there waited the execs from all the ships to greet their leader. Returning the salutes, he asked everyone to relax and return to their ships. "Thank you for the warm welcome. I hope to have the same feel of family with you as I have with the crew of my flagship. We'll be leaving within the hour. Any questions, just say "Bell" and she will have the answer you need. Again, thank you and let's make this team the pride of the fleet." "Bell" immediately started transporting them back to their ships. Commander Anvers walked over and saluted. "Welcome back, Admiral. Sure is nice to have you aboard." "As you were, Commander. You don't know how nice it is for me. As of now you and your aide as well Lt. Jansen are promoted up one grade with all benefits increased. Don't ever ask for a transfer unless its for you own command." "No sir, I'm very happy to stay right where I am. Life is going to be a challenge with you in the lead." He then saluted and headed for the bridge. Tianna and he took the lift and went to their quarters. Everything was different. The area was twice as big as before and there was room for guests to dine with and extra sleeping quarters if a need arose for overnight guests. He sat down on a very nice sofa and patted his lap. Tianna came over and sat in his lap and he called her his dream girl and was glad he had waited till she came along. "The feeling's the same for me. My mom and dad think you were sent here just for me. I'm starting to think the same way. By the way, our race has never had triplets born in all our history. Wait till you see the party when we get back." "I can hardly wait," he said with a grin. Thus started phase 2.
As he relaxed with Tianna , a thought occurred to him. Including Captain Anvers, there were three other Captains in the hanger bay. After telling Tianna about it, she agreed, they had an extra Captain. " "Bell"? Where did we pick up the extra Captain down in the hanger bay?" "Someone dropped the ball at home. The Council had two other ship come on line and they decided you could use the help. Our total now is four Battleships and four Scouts." Thinking to himself this would mean two thousand recruits at a time, put a big smile on his face. Tianna had a suspicion what he was thinking and smiled right back at him. "If not already done, make sure the scouts are attached to the Battleships." He had "Bell" call Captain Anvers and have him stop by his quarters. Within minutes the door panel opened and in walked Captain Anvers. "Captain, seeing as we have promoted our aides, I leave it to you to pick their replacements. I believe you will find them easier than I would. Let me know when you have picked them and have them meet us for breakfast. They will be promoted at that time and you have the honor of doing it. I'll just watch and nod my approval." "Is there anything else Admiral"? "No Captain, carry on." Salutes  were exchanged and Anvers was on his way. "Bell", open a ship wide transmission line." "Done, Admiral." "Your attention please. I wish to thank and congratulate all the personnel on this ship for the way you handled the opening phase of this program. Hopefully we will have continued success in this endeavor. Again, thank you. I will be visiting all ships from time to time to see to any questions that might arise and so the personnel get to see I'm not a figment of someone's imagination That is all. "Bell", send this transmission to the other ships." "Yes sir."


CHAPTER 18 The Enemy


Just when things were about normal, halfway to Earth, "Bell" senses they are being followed by three other ships. Jeremy told "Bell" to keep track of them. Calling Captain Anvers, Jeremy tells him to drop out of stardrive, turn 90 degrees and reenter star drive. After five minutes, "Bell" reports the ships had also made the same maneuver. Returning to Captain Anvers, he tells him to again drop out of stardrive and get star fighters on standby. Point Battleships away from each other in the form of a Cross. Move the fighters to a position five minutes behind where we entered normal space and await further orders from "Bell".  The other ships pass by. Jeremy has "Bell" scan for a large asteroid or small moon in the vicinity. She finds one five minutes away. "Have our ships go at full speed for thirty seconds, shut all engines down and coast to that moon and move behind it. Move the fighters into a globe formation and shut down everything but life support and await further orders. All communication will be by telepathy." 
Ten minutes later, three ships drop into normal space. The lead ship makes a circle, but has lost the trace. "Bell" reports these are ships that made war on this galaxy six hundred years ago. "Bell", can you and I transport ship killer bombs onto the skins of those ships as we pass by in attack mode?"She replies, "not sure, but worth a try." "In one minute we go to  "Attack Mode Beta". There are to be no survivors." The fighters move first and as the three ships turn to meet them, the four Battleships accelerate from behind the moon. The three ships are momentarily confused and as Jeremy"s Battleship passes by the three, he and "Bell" attach the bombs and a retreat at full speed order is given. Just as they circle behind the moon a shock wave hits the moon and everything in the vicinity shakes. After waiting for a few minutes, the flagship goes around the edge of the moon to see if they were successful. There is a large field of debris, but nothing else. They can feel the pings of metal as they hit the shields. After all the fighters are back in their hanger bay, the battle group returns to stardrive. Jeremy sends a message to the brain that there is a gap somewhere in the defensive line and gives the co-ordinates where "Bell" first noticed them. Having "Bell" continue monitoring for more ships, they reentered stardrive and continued toward Earth. A few hours later, The "Brain messaged he had found the problem with the defense perimeter. An unexpected burst of radiation from a sun had wiped out the station that was nearby on a moon, leaving a gap. Problem resolved and perimeter sealed once more. The battle group dropped out of stardrive just outside the Earth solar system and one by one made their way to the backside of the moon. After releasing the scouts from underneath, they proceeded to land on a flat crater. The flagship was the last to land and all was reported quiet. 


CHAPTER 19 Phase Two


An hour after sunset in New Mexico, the scout dropped down and lowered the car with Jeremy, Tianna, and four more Volarans that could easily pass for Terrans. The scout then dropped an eight person security team down at the warehouse, before leaving for their base at the back side of the moon. Four hours later, Jeremy pulled into the driveway of his bungalow and after opening the door, he welcomed them to his home. They probably wouldn't be there more than a day or two and it would be time to go to the shop, and see the next batch of recruits. They were set up for five hundred on each Battleship. Not to be caught off guard, Jeremy had a cell phone with the numbers of people that he had to do business with about six months ago. He called the owner of The warehouse and told him he had decided to renew his lease for 1 year with an option to renew again. The fellow was delighted to have him as a tenant as he had made vast improvements to the property. In the morning he would touch base with the bank and company that held the retirement fund for his dad. When he got there he found he had more money now than he did eight months ago. He had the bank send a draft to the warehouse owner for  a one year lease. Late that afternoon they drove to Santa Fe and went to the warehouse. The other four decided it was just as easy to stay at the warehouse. everything needed was already there. Back to Cristy, Jeremy drove that night. he made sandwiches and coffee for him and Tianna, then it was time for some sleep. Next morning they went over to the cafe and after grabbing a booth, they were surprised to see Ann again. "Same as last time," she asked? "Yes please", said Tianna.
Leaving the cafe they wandered around main street "window shopping" again. Quiet time and no embarrassing moments. It was the middle of the week, so there was no hurry to return to the house. "Bell" picked that moment to tell him the recruits left from the last time had been contacted and would be there Friday. The ads had been updated on social media and the papers. there was a large number of responses for the interview. On a first come first serve basis, next week was filled already for all six of the interviewers. At that rate the halfway point will be next Friday or Monday.  It could be wrapped up in two weeks. Jeremy estimated how many platforms could be set up in the area used for the recruits to be kept till time to ship them to backside of moon. If the break area was divided in half, it would more than double the space so as to handle one hundred thirty. Add another interviewer and have 130 checked in 6 hours. 3 weeks start to finish filling the quota. close up shop on Thursday and leave Friday. Having four scouts drop down each night would force them to have the robots coat them in a black substance. All lights were  to be shut off, making it harder to spot them. Each day 150 would arrive. after reaching 130 for the day, the others were set up in a motel till the following day. They were turning down about 7 percent, but still was making it all work. The men tried to gravitate towards Tianna and she thought it funny. As long as it didn't slow us down, he said nothing. Many saw the wedding bands and veered off to another interview desk. Last day of interviews and we were ready to shut down at three in the afternoon. A strange unease permeated the area around the front of the building. Looking out a security member saw a young man coming towards the door.  Seeing the code sign, he had Bell check it out. She reported a young man with a disability was coming. I had her allow him through by telepathy and he approached the door. The boy told the guard he was there to see Jeremy. Unfortunately he had a very bad stutter. After repeating his wish to see him, Jeremy walked over and asked him to come in. Taking him into the dining area, he got him a sandwich and a drink and had him sit down. It took a bit of time, but found out his name was Ron. No last name. "Bell"messaged Jeremy, the young man is slow due to Physical trauma as a youngster. He can be helped." "Thank you." He asked Ron, "what can I do for you?" "Sir, I-I w-w-would like a r-ride in your space ship. I w-would also like to m-meet the lady you were j-just talking to." Well, sit and eat your snack and let me check on something. As he left the room and shut the door, the young man slumped over the table, fast asleep.

CHAPTER 20 What To Do?


Jeremy looked in and saw the young man asleep. The robots would keep him asleep till he had an answer to this dilemma. He sat down with Tianna and tried to come up with options.  Abduct him and wake him up when they landed on Volar? Next, try to wipe all reference about space ships and "Bell" from his mind?  they could enroll him in a military academy and cover the cost, explaining he had a traumatic experience with what he thought was a space ship. While they sat there with a cup of hot coffee, Jeremy messaged "the Brain" to see if he has any ideas. "The Brain has been communicating with "Bell" and they think there is more to this than just a young man who saw a space ship. "How so?" asks Tianna. "Bell" says, "after scanning him again, it is plain he told a lie when he said he overheard the guards talking outside. He has been listening in on our telepathic communications for a few days. After I did a deep scan, it is plain that he makes up with his mind what he lacks in his body. His actual age is nineteen in Earth years. When he gets to a certain point in these homes he has stayed in, he undermines the relationship and gets moved somewhere else. If we could succeed in turning him around morally, he could be a big help here, getting the recruits we need for the following trips." "If that is true, then I have an idea that might take care of the problem. What if we had a skeleton crew stay on our scout ship "Jack", and have "Jack" work up a similar program that was used on me. Show him what "Jack" showed me, leaving out the testing and unneeded material. Show him Volar, the new recruits, the plan to elevate the two races, and let him know he can be a large part of it as an adult. Keep him in an induced sleep till we get back and then wake him up and very carefully do a deep scan." "Bell" thought about it and saw no flaws. "Jack said he could have the program ready in twelve hours and have the life support fired up and ready in less than ten minutes. "The Brain" had reservations, but nothing serious enough to veto the program. As an afterthought, Jeremy said they could always take him to Volar with the next group of recruits. All agreed that this option was best. Ron was immediately transported to The life support tank in "Jack". Leaving a dozen volunteers with "Jack", the rest of the ships headed to the edge of the solar system, one at a time. When the flagship joined the rest at the orbit of Pluto, the four Battle ships entered star drive and headed for Volar. Three weeks from home, the recruits were awakened one ship at a time. 
Using the same format as the first trip, Jeremy and Tianna with a few alien crew members greeted the recruits in the mess hall and again gave them a summary of life on Volar. The hopes for both races and what to expect upon arrival. With less than a week to go, all seemed excited about seeing their new home. A majority of these people were in the research community back on Earth and were looking forward to a glimpse of the research labs as they passed by the research platforms. Many, after seeing the Volaran solar system wondered why it was kept secret from them when they were interviewed on Earth. The question was answered with a question. After seeing the Volaran  solar system what if you didn't want to go after all? Would they want their mind scanned and lose some of their memories? After some discussion, they agreed this was the best way to bring the races together. They also knew there was a period of time where they had to catch up with Volaran research and probably work with a Volaran research scientist so they would understand the state of the program they were working on. All thoughts aside, this was a life time experience they would have died for on Earth. After the ships obtained orbit, the shuttles arrived to take them planet-side and meet the people they were to live with who would help them become at ease in their new home.

CHAPTER 21 Welcome To Volar

The Council shuttle was entering just as the recruits started to board. As the chair woman came out, Jeremy along with Captain Anvers and their aides walked forward to meet them. Knowing they were coming , the officers and Jeremy had dressed in formal wear. After a formal greeting they all entered the council shuttle and sped down to the open arena. Following the last welcome, The Chair lady handed Jeremy the mike after announcing him as Admiral Jeremy. Jeremy thanked her and stepped up to the lectern. "Ladies and Gentlemen, I will make this short and sweet. Together the people from Earth and the volunteers of Volar can start the group effort to make the two worlds the envy of the galaxy. Without further delay, please meet in the center and get acquainted with your counterparts. May all of you enjoy the opportunities available to you. Thank you. He put the mike down and turned and bowed to the council lady and asked permission to leave for some relaxation at home. All she said was ,"Granted." At the bottom of the stairs, Tianna waited with a smile and a rather large lump in front of her. "It will be time for birthing later today or early tomorrow." They walked to the curb and a cart was there in a minute to take them to their residence. Once home, it seemed a great weight was lifted from their shoulders. It was not long and they were floating in the pool with cold drinks waiting for them on the patio. A robot came out and announced that Raina and Hently had arrived and were unpacking in the guest quarters. It wished to know how many would there be for dinner? "Four," said Tianna and Jeremy at the same time. With a short laugh, they exited the pool and dried off. They had just taken a sip when The parents came out to join them. Hently thanked Tianna for informing them about councilor Rhamas, as he and a few others were sent to the place of no return. Raina asked Tianna when she was going to let those grandchildren out. With a chuckle, she said within the next twenty four hours. As it was, it happened right after dinner. They all went to the clinic and hardly sat down when a robot said the triplets were in the nursery section. They were almost running to get there and see the newborns. Two blue bonnets and one pink gave them the news; two boys and a girl. As the three looked at Jeremy, he felt the bonding taking place between them. As he smiled at them all three smiled back. As he stood there, Raina put her arms around him and thanked him for all the joy of having grandchildren to dote on. Hently just patted him on the back and winked. 
Two days later, Jeremy and Tianna brought the triplets home. Jeremy had an addition added to the home. Two new rooms had been added near the master suite. If one of the triplets or more needed them, they were very close by. The doting grandparents stayed for a week and then had to return home to care for their business enterprises. After they left, Jeremy asked why the grandparents couldn't get a residence near them. Tianna had no idea why they couldn't. There was an empty house a block away that could be renovated to their taste. Jeremy wanted to visit "the Brain" which gave Tianna the opportunity to ask her parents if they were interested. She told them that With Jeremy being an Admiral it would be no problem obtaining the house and retrofitting it to their specifications. Hently told her he would get in touch with Jeremy and together would come up with the plans for the house after They find out whether or not they could acquire it. "We'll be in touch ," said Tianna and closed the connection. Jeremy arrived at the building that housed "the Brain" and walked up to the entrance. The guard stepped out and seeing the Admiral, saluted and opened the door for him. Jeremy returned the salute and entered. Shortly he was sitting in a chair and enjoying a cool drink and conversing with "the Brain" without any sound. Again he received high praise for the way he was handling the program and the strides being made with the mixture of Volaran and Humans. He reminded "the Brain" it was a team effort and many including him made the program advance stage by stage. Jeremy said he relied heavily on the organic brains, the aliens that worked under his command, and especially Tianna. Each day, he strove to prove to himself and others he was worthy to wear this uniform and be called Admiral. You, "Bell", and "Jack", are special to me and you know my feelings for Tianna. "The Brain replied that in all the thousands of years he had worked with the Volarans, He found that working with Jeremy awakened the need to charge into a new future for the whole galaxy." My boy," he said, "don't be a stranger. let's get this done. Now go and enjoy some leisure time, you earned it."


CHAPTER 22 R&R


Tianna messaged him on the way back home to stop by the housing department and see about acquiring that house. Hently would be in touch with him after the transfer was made. Together, they could see what modifications were needed to make it their new home. He messaged back, okay, and see you soon. When he walked into the housing department, a young lady hurried over and asked what she could do for Admiral Jeremy. He was caught off guard and hesitated for just a second before asking about the property the next street over from his and Tianna's home. She hurried over and opening a book found the house he had requested. He wanted ownership of this property as soon as possible. Gathering up a pile of papers, she proceeded to fill them out. Every once in awhile, she would stop to ask a question and within a half hour the property was his. After a big smile and a thank you, he waved as he left.

Entering the house, he was greeted by Tianna and one of the girls. He realized the kids would grow like weeds for a short period of time, then slow down as they got close to the age of walking. He had just enough time to take his shoes off before another one let them know it was time to come get them. Jeremy went up the ramp and met a robot coming down with one of the boys. He handed him over to Jeremy and went back for the other little boy. Luckily they still had a month or so before leaving for Earth. When the babies reached the age of six weeks, Tianna got a notice that they were to come to the Council chambers tomorrow at ten am. Jeremy looked down at the clothes he was wearing, that felt so comfy, and knew the dress uniform was expected tomorrow. Getting the little ones fed and changed, and of course release the gas by burps, they were soon fast asleep. The robots took them up the ramp and put them to bed. Now it was time for the adults to eat and drink to the new residence. Tianna called her mother and gave her the good news. Renovations could start immediately. She could hear her father whooping it up in the background. Raina said they would arrive around two the next day. With everything accomplished for the day, They went out and played around in the pool. Tianna had a hard time keeping up with Jeremy in the pool and said she was going to have "The Brain" put him back the way he was. As he floated there laughing, she came over and dunked him under the water and made a mad dash for the patio. Might as well have another drink as we'll be up early tomorrow.

The children made sure all were awake by six. First, the changing of the diapers. Next, Breakfast. Jeremy had to laugh as he held one of the boys, Tianna held the girl, and a robot had the third child. Then, with a robot she took the children up for their bath. Jeremy had one of the robots measure the rooms to get an idea what her parents would need for room. Jeremy already had a crew working on making a pool and patio like Tianna's. Everyone loved the design and decor of her pool area. By eight, it was time for Tianna and him to have some breakfast. Right after, Jeremy went to the suite to shower and get dressed in the formal wear of an Admiral. He was half dressed when Tianna came in to get prepared for the jaunt to the Councilors building.
At 9, they had the children ready and two of the robots to help as backup if Tianna needed it. With twenty minutes to go they signaled for a ride for seven to the Council. Upon arrival, Jeremy noticed a rather large number of people and aliens going into the building. He gave it little thought as he led the way in. A half dozen security men were waiting to take them to reserved seats. Once settled, he looked around and noticed there were no vacant seats. The Councilors were the last to take their place. The chair lady tapped the table with her gavel and it became quiet. Looking down at the table, she began to read aloud the prepared statement. Citizens of our  galactic community, Volarans, people of Earth. It is my pleasure to announce the first set of triplets in our history. It is also my pleasure to announce the proud parents; Admiral Jeremy and Tianna, one of our councilors. When things settled down, she again started reading, Admiral Jeremy has started the bonding program between Earth and Volar. It is truly a success beyond our wildest dreams. If you will look to the left of the council you will see a large white fabric cover. It is my pleasure to turn on the switch which will give you the newest addition to our Main Library. The curtain rose up and there was a perfect representation of Admiral Jeremy. This will be there for all to see when they enter the library. Again the noise was deafening. Finally It is the will of this council that upon the fulfillment of the joining of our races, you will be a Full Admiral and will command the fourth brigade. And before we adjourn let us have a look at our first set of triplet children in history. Behind the council table was a large screen that had the three children in a large full screen picture. The three of them were fast asleep. "We are adjourned ." said the chair woman and now the party began. There had to be a thousand robots catering food and drinks to the assorted crowd. In the middle of this gala in walked Raina and Hently to surprise them and join the party.
After a few hours Tianna and Jeremy decided to take the children with the grandparents in tow and go back to the residence. Hently was beside himself talking about a statue of his son-in-law in the library and then know one day Jeremy would be a full Admiral. He looked at Jeremy and said he couldn't understand at that time the ramifications of having Jeremy for a son-in-law. He only had one Question. That being, when the program was done could he and Raina go on a trip with them on the flag ship. "I see no reason you couldn't. The Quarters are now large enough to handle a few people without being squeezed. While the girls are busy, let's go over to your future home and check on the progress so far." It was close enough that they could walk. Entering the abode, they saw the full team of robots busy at work in back where the pool and patio would be. It was nearly finished. The lead robot walked over and Hently handed him the architect's drawings for the house itself. After a quick scan, he reported the residence would be ready in ten days. It would take the extra time due to the addition of two rooms. Hently just smiled and said he would have to hurry to get thing cleaned up at the other residence. They returned home just in time for a swim and drinks on the patio. Hently told Raina the good news and then Raina started making a schedule of how she wanted the place decorated. The rest just started laughing as they jumped into the pool and swam around. 


CHAPTER 23 Premonition

Too soon it was time to pack up and leave for Earth. The new house for Hently and Raina was finished and they had moved in and were putting the final touches to make it a home. They would be caring for their grand children while the parents were away for two to three months. The van arrived and gathered the items and clothing, then off to a shuttle to have everything put away for when the Admiral came on board. On the way to board the ship, Jeremy remembered he was going to change lift off to midnight so he wouldn't have to go through the gauntlet at the space port. Too late; they had arrived and left the cart. No sooner had the panel opened and someone shouted, "Admiral present", and everyone stopped and stood at attention. "At ease and carry on". He returned salutes as they made their way to the shuttle. in a short period of time the shuttle landed in the hanger and they stepped onto the floor. Again the officers were present from the other ships and welcomed them back. Captain Anvers Walked over and saluted, remarking that they were informed about the council meeting. That brought on a lot of cheering and clapping. When the noise died down, Jeremy asked if everyone had a good liberty and if so, were they ready to move out to complete another phase of the program. Again the cheering erupted. "Okay, lets get this group moving. "Bell" transported the officers back to their ships and set a two hour window to leave the solar system. It took only minutes to attach the scouts to the underside of the Battle ships. The rest of the time was used to maneuver into formation and have "Bell" give them the co-ordinates they were to use. They were just starting when a small silver planet drew up to the formation. It hailed the flagship and requested permission to join the group. Jeremy asked "Bell" to find out is this was an error. "Bell replied that it wasn't. It is a medical ship that can carry up to ten thousand people with room to spare. They already have the units to keep all in an induced sleep mode. "Bell" give them the co-ordinates and have them line up behind the other ships so we can see where we're going. Everyone on the bridge started laughing, including Jeremy. The Captain replied that if needed he could give any ship a push when needed or they could park in the hanger deck. Which started the laughter again. It was T-30 seconds and everyone paid close attention as they all entered star drive.

Once in star drive and everything had settled down, Jeremy Called Captain Anvers over and ceded the bridge to him. With a salute Jeremy and Tianna left and went back to their suite. As they entered the suite, Tianna asked him what his plans were for the next day or so. Jeremy replied he wanted to spend time in the library and gym, exercising his mind and body. "Of course time in the pool would be needed to relieve the stress on mind and muscle with the heat lamp as back up. For the next two weeks they were seen from time to time, but only briefly. Halfway through the trip, Jeremy got bad vibes and decided to stop by the naval space station. He had "Bell" telepath the other ships that each should have a squadron of fighters ready in the hanger bays to deploy for flight time. I want them fully armed and ready when we drop out of star drive. Tianna knew there was something bothering him and asked him what was up.
"I have a feeling of dread that something is headed for the station. If so, they are going to need our help. hopefully we will get there in time. The closer they got, the worse his feeling got. "Bell" said ,"five minutes to insertion in real space". Jeremy said she was to send an alpha warning to the other ships. When they dropped out of star drive, the screens showed a half dozen enemy ships in full attack mode on the space station." "Bell", do you remember the little surprise we pulled not long ago on those three ships. Lets see if we can draw some of them away from the space station and use lighter weapons, being this close to the station. "I remember Admiral and I'm transporting those bombs down to the small hanger with the view screen on the outer wall. Have our ships spread out and warn of possible shock waves. Have them make their pass and hightail to that large asteroid on the other side of the station. Also let the station know what we are doing and batten down their hatches, as they will be getting some of the blow back. Okay "Bell", lets do it." Four of the enemy ships turned to meet them. As they turned the fighters were sent to harry the two who were still attacking the space station. Thinking the fighters were going to attack them they turned again. That's when the flagship bore down on them and in passing attached bombs to the outer hulls of those ships. The firing was intense, but the shields held and then they were by and speeding to the asteroid. The fighters had disabled the other two and were hot on their tail for the asteroid. They got behind it just in time. Space shook them up again. "Bell" checked with the station and found only minor damage. The four destroyers that the flagship had passed were molten chunks of metal. the two the fighters had disabled were not going anywhere. They were dead in the water. The space station had sent teams and boarded the wrecks. Those that hadn't died in the fight took their own lives, rather than be caught. Jeremy had the group surround the station and be ready for anything. He transported over the station to see what if any thing his group could do to help. The Captain met him, and other than the loss of ten people outside doing repair work, everyone was okay. many were still a little shaken from the exploding destroyers rocking the boat, but would be fine in a day or two. The Captain thanked him for his timely visit and asked if he needed anything. "No Captain, we'll be on our way in an hour. I'll send word of this to Volar and they will probably send some extra ships to help out." "Admiral, it's been a pleasure to meet you in person. Safe travels.” He then stood at attention and saluted. Jeremy returned the salute and transported back to the flagship. An hour later they reentered star drive and continued on their way. Jeremy settled into a lounge chair with a drink and called "The Brain". "The Brain answered immediately. Jeremy gave him a short version of what happened at the space station and suggested they add a battle ship or two to be based at the station. "We may have to reposition battleships to all four of the space stations. Again, I'll have a search of the perimeter carried out and will let you know what I find. The council will be made aware of the situation, Goodbye for now," and "The Brain" was gone. Jeremy had "Bell" check and see what losses his group had sustained. The answer came back in minutes. "Total of four fighters were lost and one Battleship sustained damage to the flight hanger and lost twenty lives and a dozen robots. That is the tally from all ships." "Wire me into all ships. I wish to congratulate everyone on the way we handled this endeavor. We saved over two thousand lives on the space station. However, we lost four pilots and twenty personnel. At this time I wish all would reflect on those losses with a minute of silence." After the moment had passed, Jeremy again spoke of how proud he was to have such a dedicated team to work with, and closed with, Thank you and carry on."

As he rose from the Captains chair to leave, everyone on the bridge stood and saluted before the guard at the exit could tell them the Admiral was exiting the bridge. They remained standing till after the panel had closed. He went down to the observation deck and sat down with a stiff drink. Tianna walked in and said she thought she would find him here. Getting a drink, she sat down beside him and asked what more could they do. "The loss of the space station and two thousand residents on it, far outweighed the losses we suffered. Any member of this wing will tell you the same thing. Those that died knew the risks of being on a Battleship and going to war. They would do it again in a minute." She sat back and sipped her drink and waited for it to sink in. Shortly, he answered, that he knew that but it still hurt. Without any further talking, they sat there and enjoyed the quiet. After finishing their drinks Jeremy suggested a dip in the pool and then relax under the sun lamp. Returning to their quarters they found a notation that read, have information on Alien ships. lay down and rest. Jeremy took Tianna's hand and together went to lay down. they no sooner got comfortable then "The Brain" was there. Noting that Tianna was there he spoke to them about what was known about the Aliens. "A survey group on the outskirts of the galaxy was on a moon taking core samples for possible mining. They counted ten ships pass by. You have engaged nine of them and did well. Number ten is lurking around the area of the space station. We have sent a dozen Battleships to the space station with over fifteen hundred star fighters. We do not believe the tenth one will attack the space station with that much fire power around. Be careful. We need you and your squad back in one piece. See you when you get back home." "Thank you for the heads up. We'll keep an eye out for possible trouble." After a few minutes Jeremy messaged "Bell" there was another ship, believed to be near the space station. I want you and the rest of the organic brains on red alert till we reach Earth. Two on and two off on twelve hour shifts. I'm not comfortable about what we heard of a tenth ship. Why would it not be with one of the groups we have run into?" "I will relay this to all ships" she said
.
Putting that question to the back of his mind, Jeremy thought about Ron and what to do with him. He wished he knew more about how his mind worked and if he could be useful to the project. If he could be useful, Jeremy thought that he might make a useful officer in his group. He decided to have Ron go to the psych group and get their feel for his abilities and have "Bell" test him. A determination would be made after that. For the next two weeks all was quiet. "Bell let them know the drop out of star drive would occur in two hours. Jeremy asked "Bell" if she had made contact with the scout and she replied all was well and Ron had finished his download. They would wait till the group arrived before waking him up. They knew we would be there in about three hours and had signed off. It was a wonderful sight, to see the solar system, when they dropped out of star drive. Again, one at a time made their way to the moon. the huge ship waited till noon, Earth time, then made its way to the moon. During its approach the airwaves were monitored in case someone stumbled onto its appearance near the moon. it found a large crater and set down into it. It was less than three hundred yards from the rest of the group. "Bell" messaged, communication between ships was by telepathy only Use of in ship communication was to be severely limited. This would cut down on transmissions getting to Earth, Mars, or the station on the opposite side of the moon. Jeremy with Tianna in tow transported to their scout ship. They materialized on the bridge and were met by half the personnel that had been left with the ship. After salutes and a welcome back, they went down to the med room and settled in to wait for the young man to wake up. Before the process started, Jeremy said,"wait a minute, I'll be right back." Transporting over to the flagship, he hurriedly called "Bell" and asked if her and the "Brain could monitor The boy during the time he would spend with the psych team and see if he is truthful with his answers. Both agreed it was a good idea. Give "the Brain" a simple code when Ron starts into the psych room. That taken care of, he transported back and told the robot to start the wake up procedure and "Jack" would take it from here. 
Jeremy had a look at what he had been through when he awoke after a month of sleep. Ron was a little tipsy, but the robot was right there to help him. After getting his legs under him, Jeremy and Tianna walked over and asked if he felt all right. He was a little unsteady, but the drink he swallowed had him up and ready to go. Jeremy told the med robot to assist Ron down to the dining area. After a light meal, Ron asked if what he saw was real. "Yes Ron, though you rode in the space ship, we could only bring you to the backside of the moon. From here, if you pass the check up with our psych team an offer will be made. You should also notice your vocal problem and physical abilities are now normal. Ron thought about this a minute, then remarked ,"How can I ever thank you?" "You can go over to the psych dept. and talk with them. But, you must be totally honest with them. Their report is for my eyes only and I will judge the next course of action. I will tell you this much. What you saw in your dream state is real. When you think you are ready, I will transport you to my flagship and get things started. Before we go further, come with me. they entered the elevator and exited at the observation deck. Inside the room, Ron walked over to the large window and looked out at the bleak landscape and the stars. He turned and said, this isn't a picture, is it?" Tianna walked over and told him he was on the back side of the moon inside one of the scout ships he had seen. He turned and looked out once more. "I dreamed from childhood what it would be like to leave Earth and see the stars. I will never forget how beautiful it is.

"I believe I'm ready to go through with the psych exam." "Remember Ron, Be truthful. A lot depends on that. Come over and stand next to me. Place your hand on my shoulder and relax." He did as asked and after he looked at Jeremy he turned his head and saw he was no longer in the dining room. "Where am I? he asked." You are on the bridge of my Battleship. Ron looked around and was surprised to see aliens there. He had a bewildered look when he turned back to Jeremy. "Yes Ron, they are a part of my crew. They are also part of the federation of planets. "WOW" was all he could say. "Are you ready?" He nodded his head and as Jeremy went toward the exit panel the guard stated loudly,  "The Admiral is leaving the bridge". After exchanging salutes, he and Ron exited. Jeremy had to walk slow so Ron could see all there was to see on his way to see the psychs. They entered the dept. and were welcomed by LLana, head of the dept. Ron couldn't take his eyes off her. She turned and led them to a large comfortable room. She said she would be right back and left them. Ron looked at Jeremy and said, "She's beautiful. Are you sure we came to the right place." Jeremy laughed and nodded his head. LLana was back with three others and as they entered Jeremy gave them Ron's name and said to call when finished. He transported back to the scout and thanked the crew, then returned with Tianna to the flagship. They should be down on the planet setting up shop for new recruits, but waited instead for news from the testing. Hours later LLana came up to the observatory and gave Jeremy the results. For all his troubles, Ron was a decent person. He just didn't trust anyone to be honest with him. He needed someone as a father figure or older brother to show confidence in him and above all be honest. Jeremy thanked her and waited for Ron to be brought to them. 
While they waited, "Bell" and "the Brain" took the opportunity to give him their findings. Everything LLana had been able to learn was correct. What none of them knew or suspected was the potential power that was available to Ron. His mind was potentially a devastating weapon. It sits there latent, which at this time was a plus for him. Jeremy thanked both of them and said he would try to find neutral ground between him and Ron. They were just finishing their drink when Ron was brought up to the observatory. Ron was accompanied by a robot who was released to go back to his duties. With a "yes Admiral", he turned and left. Jeremy asked Ron to sit down and if he wanted a drink or something to eat, just run your hand over that side table and a menu will surface. Pick what you would like and shortly a robot will get it from the server and bring it over. After the sandwich and cola was set down next to him, he asked, "what comes next?" "Before I answer that, I need to know what your thoughts were on what you saw while asleep." Ron replied, "If everything was real in those dreams, I am really impressed. I don't think I'll live to see that place." "Well, you are wrong. If you want to work with us in achieving this project we're working on, I'll guarantee you will not only see this place,  you will be a citizen and equal among us. To prove this I want you to have my last name. How does Ron Springer sound to you?" He looked straight into my eyes and asked, "who do I have to kill." "No one. but I need an answer before we go any further." Ron looked at him and then Tianna. While he was looking, Tianna nodded her head, yes. He nodded his head and said,"yes". First, you can look at me as a brother, father, or best friend and I will be each of these to you. Secondly, in the presence of enlisted men and officers you will have to follow protocols. "Bell" will have you put into an induced sleep that will not last more than about thirty minutes. She will download the information needed. Before that, you need to know what we are doing."
"The Volaran race was faced with regression of their species and happened on a way to get back on track, so to speak. Of three races, we were the only one viable to help them. Therefore, we are taking recruits from Earth to live and marry the opposite sex of the Volaran race. In return, everything that the Volarans have will be shared so that humans and Volarans are equal and some day we will become one race. People of Earth got the best end of the bargain as you know from those dreams. We have returned with a ship large enough to transport ten thousand, plus the two thousand in the Battleships. if no problems arise, there will be almost fifteen thousand people from Earth living on Volar and will give us the start we need to come back to Earth and propose the actual joining of the two races. When that happens, I want a number of Earth/Volaran couples on that ship. Back to you and what you will be doing for the next month or so. We have only one place to enlist people to come with us. I would like three more places opened. One in Europe, Canada, and one more in Eastern USA. I'll stay with the one in the west. you may have your choice of one of the other three. Tianna, will supervise one and my Aide will operate the fourth. Ron are you ready to start your new life?"
"One thing before I go to sleep. Can I meet this "Bell" you are always talking to?" As Jeremy was about to answer there shimmered into view an elderly woman. "Hello, Ron. I am "Bell". I am in all aspects, the ship you are in. I am also the Aide to the Admiral. You might say, his left hand lady." Ron walked over and ran his hand through the image. "This is cool. How do you do that?" "It is merely a projection, so you won't be talking to thin air and wondering when you will be locked up as a lunatic." "Bell", I've got a feeling I'm going to like you." " I feel the same way too. Shall we get you up to speed?" "Yes Ma-am, I'm ready." Then she disappeared. Jeremy had Jansen take him down to the med. ward and an hour later they returned. "What a way to get an education. "Bell" told me while I slept she downloaded my education to the point of a masters degree. in Math. That's what her testing showed is my strong suit "  "Take the rest of the day off and Jansen will make arrangements for your quarters." The two left and were gabbing like old friends. Later, Jeremy's aide returned and said he was on the same deck as the Admiral, about three doors down. He had also gotten him something for his headache and Ron was fast asleep when he left. "Bell" said she would watch over him while he slept." Tianna asked "Bell" how come she never had assumed a shape before. Her answer was, "no one had ever asked."


CHAPTER 24 The Next Phase

Jeremy figured they had about two days and they would have to go and set up shop. In the meantime, he asked "Bell" how good was she at moving money from one bank to another. After a few minutes, she responded that it wouldn't be a problem. He went to his quarters and gave her the information for his bank and asked her to make a few deposits spread over the last six months that would total about three hundred thousand and get the funds from European banks. An hour later, she had updated his bank books to show the money had been deposited through the internet and would be available to him in twenty four hours. Next he had her tap into the satellite system and he called the gentleman from whom he rented his warehouse. After explaining his dilemma, he asked him if the realty company could find him similar buildings on the East coast, Canada, and Switzerland,  with similar placement out in the suburbs of a city. He was told to call back in two days and he would know for sure the properties were available. He also asked if Jeremy wanted a similar rental agreement. " That will work perfectly."
He had his team from the last visit meet him in the observatory and told them he needed three more teams of the same size and send them to the Med. wing so "Bell" could have them ready for transfer to Earth. A day later the four teams met in the observatory and each team was matched with one of the leaders. Tianna would take the original team and go to the East coast. Ron, picked his team and would go to Switzerland, Jansen, picked his team and picked Canada. That left Jeremy in his old haunt. Jansen was sent to the Med. area to take a half hour nap and then would be prepared to go to Canada. "Bell" gave each team that was leaving for a foreign country the proper work in case they were asked where they came from. Each had a passport with Cristy, New Mexico as home and Jeremy as a living relative. Each team was to open an account at a nearby bank, deposit five hundred in the checking account and "Bell" would transfer funds to work with. She had already set in motion the ads for the newspapers and an opening date. "Jack", took care of the internet. Jeremy called the Realtor back and the Realtor had all the units asked for and Jeremy said the monies for the rentals would be e-transferred to his office later that day. With a warm goodbye the Realtor broke the connection. Everything was set to go into motion tomorrow night. the team that was going to Europe would follow twelve hours later, so as to arrive at night. Sharing a drink with all the team members he bid them a good night. As he departed he reminded them not to kill anyone. If a problem arose with someone, put them to sleep and we will transfer them to the globe ship.
Bright and early the next morning the new teams were sent to the med room and "Bell" downloaded all the information they would need to know. The four team leaders met for breakfast and went over the procedures they would use and together cleared up any remaining misgivings anyone had. The rest of the day was getting the gear together and then relax as best they could. In the pool, Jeremy admitted he was going to be lost without Tianna to keep him on the straight and narrow. She Then pushed his head under water and when he came back to the surface she told him to go tell that to someone that didn't know him. It was a marvelous day without thinking what was in store that night. "Jack" had the travel and drop off times all set and a half hour before leaving had "Bell" transport everyone to the ship. The team for Europe went in and tried to get a little shut eye, as they were to be dropped off twelve hours later. With ten to a team the drop off point was as near to transportation as possible. Jeremy's team was dropped off at the warehouse and Jeremy and his car were dropped off out side of Cristy. He went to his bungalow and spent the evening there. The next morning, he sat in the kitchen with coffee and his laptop open. The ads were in the social media web sites and "Jack" reported the ads were in the papers in all four countries. With nothing to do but wait, he dressed and went over to the diner for breakfast. He no sooner sat down and Ann came over to take his order. When ready she brought it over and sat down on the other side of the booth. "Jeremy, you must love to travel. Where were you this time? Europe, Asia, Africa, where?" "Ann I spent the last six months making my father-in-laws company profitable again. Somehow, word got a round the place was going to close because of financial trouble. I had to convince each stockholder this was not the case. Then I wholesaled all the merchandise and brought in new stuff and immediately put it on sale. Even with a fifteen percent discount, he still made a good profit. The place is now in the black and he has a new VP to help him keep the business on the upturn. Tianna's mother took ill, so she stayed, and I will be off to get her in a couple weeks. After finishing, he paid his bill and went down to the bank and asked if the payments had been sent out for the warehouses. The vice president said it had and gave him a funny look. Jeremy thought to make it sound plausible by telling him the in-laws were in need of space to grow and needed warehouses for storage. Business was picking up. He decided to return to the bungalow and see what progress was being made. "Bell" reported the East coast was booming with requests for interviews as was Canada. His group was filled for the next ten working days. However, Switzerland was starting slow but was increasing by the minute. Tomorrow, being Monday, would start the next phase and hopefully be completed in in less than twenty one days. Being alone was boring. He decided to grab the old fishing pole and try his luck down at the river. He had very little luck and the few he did catch had to be released due to their size. He returned and made a light meal and watched the TV for awhile. He woke up an hour later and went to bed.
Jeremy woke up at five and knew he had things to do before going to Sante Fe. A quick cup of coffee and then the laptop. Checking the messages, it was plain this was going to be a long week. He messaged "Jack" and basically got the same information from him concerning the newspaper ads. Europe had started off slow, but was catching up fast. On his way out of town, he got a fast food egg sandwich and an orange juice. Pushing it a little, he arrived at the warehouse a few minutes before the rush would start. It was a long day, but every platform was filled with a sleeping recruit. The scouts made a quick landing and were gone onto the next stop. The four scouts had to make two trips to secure all the recruits. Twelve hours later two of them stopped in Switzerland for that pickup. The first day netted five hundred. Trying to cut into the twenty five days to finish, The stations went to a ten hour day. It put extra strain on the scout ships, but it would cut the time time to eighteen days. A couple robots with the grav platforms were sent to each station which made it fast and easier to move the sleeping recruits from the break area to the other room with the sleeping platforms. The robots were also faster at hooking up the units, giving the security team a breather. 

CHAPTER 25 Another Recruit

the program was running smoothly till the fifteenth day. One of the scouts was spotted leaving Swiss air space. By the time their air force got to the area, the scout was already in space and heading for the moon. They were just under twelve thousand and Jeremy decided not to push their luck. He sent word to the other stations to shut down and tell the waiting applicants they would start up again in about six to eight months. When the scouts returned that evening all the personnel went back with them. Jeremy locked the warehouse up and drove back to Cristy. The following night the last ones in Switzerland along with the team were extracted. Jeremy arose to find messages that all personnel were aboard and waiting for him.  He messaged back he was locking up the bungalow and have breakfast. Following that, he said he knew of a place on the way down to Roswell to drop down and pick him up. Have a scout get to Earth orbit and you can get my co-ordinates from the laptop or the cell phone. I'll turn both of them on when I get parked. See you in a few hours. Now for breakfast. Ann was all ready on the way over as he sat down. "Usual, " she asked. Jeremy replied he would rather have a waffle with sausage on the side. "What's up today"? she asked. "I am leaving for Europe right after I get through with the bank. "Have a good trip, see you when you get back. As an after thought, he asked her if she had ever been to Europe. She replied, never, but would love to go anywhere to get out of this town. "Then take off the apron, grab your purse, and lets go. She was dumbfounded. "Hurry, I'm late all ready." they piled into the car, stopped at the bank and were on the way to Roswell in less than twenty minutes. He was at the spot in about an hour, pulled over in a shady area and shut off the engine. Ann asked him why he had stopped and he said, as he gave her the keys to the car, "I want you to lock the doors when I get out, sit back and clear your mind and you will understand why I pulled over." True to his word, he handed her the keys and stepped out and leaned against the door. he waited thirty seconds after the locks had engaged before closing his eyes and broadcasting to her what The Volaran solar system looked like. Then he pictured the capital city and the countryside. The different species that moved around that city and how Earth people were treated as equals. She saw the rings around the moons and the platforms used for research. After that he opened his eyes and looked inside the car. Ann still had her eyes closed and had a serene smile on her face. He tapped on the door and she unlocked it and he sat down and waited for the questions to start. "Was that real and what has this got to do with you or me?" "Ann, all that I showed you is real, and if you want, it can be yours also. I'll explain more later, but right now you need to know there are no poor people, no homeless, all have jobs or vocations, and all are happy. Earth has the opportunity to share all of that and be equals in the process. You have a choice to make and not much time to do it. A ship is on its' way to pick me up. You can go also or You can drive the car back to Cristy and use it till I return. If you go back, do me a favor. Keep this half hour between you and me. She looked at Jeremy and said,"This is real isn't it." "Yes". Just then a shadow covered the area and she looked up to see this large ship above them. "Now is the time to decide" She got out and handing him the keys said,"let's go. What are you going to do with the car?" "Call the service station and have them pick it up and have the bank put it in storage for me." An opening appeared in the bottom of the ship and taking her hand, messaged "Jack" to bring them aboard." Once the port closed she looked around and told him she had a thousand questions to be answered. Jeremy told her all would be answered if she didn't mind taking a nap for a little while. Ann heard someone approach and a voice said "glad to have you back Admiral." Ann looked at Jeremy again and stuttered "AAddmirral?" "Yes Ann, I am the Admiral of an arm of the Volaran space navy. This is Captain Anvers." "Glad to meet you, He said. If you will come along, I believe Tianna is waiting for you both in the observatory. A minute later they entered the observatory and Tianna ran over and hugged and kissed him like he had been gone for years instead of months. "Tianna , you remember Ann." "Did he kidnap you? she asked. Ann said "yes and no". He did give me the option to stay and use his car till he came back. But, after the way he pictured Volar, I decided to stow away and see this marvelous planet of yours. "Welcome aboard, Ann. Lets get you a place to lay your head and find you some comfortable clothes. I'll also give you the tour and show you how things operate. See you in a while Admiral." Then the girls disappeared. He asked Captain Anvers to join him the mess. he wished to be brought up to date and would like to do it over a cup of coffee. They each got a cup and sat down . Anvers gave him a brief rendition on how things progressed. The Globe ship was full, One Battleship was also full, and a second had about five to six hundred. A quick tally and Jeremy smiled as there were roughly fifteen thousand recruits after they returned to Volar. Captain Anvers congratulated him on the success of this trip, but Jeremy wanted to wait till they had landed back home. 

After Anvers left , Jeremy had time to reflect on the last three weeks. "Bell", Have you any insight on what is latent in Ron's mind. "Bell" replied she wasn’t sure, but felt he had the power to fry some one if it ever blossomed and awoke." "Let's keep that under wraps for the time being. Other than that, how did he do managing the station assignment ?" "Above average. He is starting to get confidence in himself.""Have you done a scan on Ann since we boarded?" "Yes , she passed and would be a good recruit." "Thank you, and Ann will be coming down for a session to catch up with the other recruits." Jeremy caught up with the girls just as they were entering the mess hall. After showing Ann how to get the menu up and ordering, Tianna took her over to the server and waited for the tray of food to come through the top. Grabbing their trays they came back and sat with Jeremy. "Ann, I just talked with "Bell" and she said your scan passed and you could be considered a recruit. "Who is "Bell"? The hologram appeared and told Ann she was "Bell". Ann nearly fainted. Looking at Tianna with a questioning look, She asked if she was going crazy. Tianna explained "Bell" was the organic brain of the ship. She is better than any Artificial Intelligence made to date. Jeremy then told Ann she would be taking a long nap as "Bell" downloaded the info needed to catch up. When you wake up we will be there with you. "When is this going to start." Jeremy told her, "right after lunch". A robot came in and stood waiting to take her to the med. area.  Ann stood up and followed the robot out. Tianna asked if she was to be kept asleep the same as the recruits. "Wait a second. "Bell", when you have finished the download for Ann, let me know as I want you to awaken her when we are present." "Yes, Admiral." "Also , have the fleet ready to leave when the sun is shining over the North American continent just as we did last time, only the globe ship goes first." "Done and done, Admiral."

CHAPTER 26 Homeward Bound

"Well Hon, we have at least eight hours to renew our relationship. This has been a long three weeks." Later after a swim and a heat lamp treatment, The two enjoyed the pleasure of being alone in their quarters, with a private meal and a glass of wine. They still had about six hours left before leaving, so they fell asleep on top of the blankets. They were more exhausted than they thought. When the bells rang that meant transition into star drive, the two of them came awake with a start. Jeremy looked over at Tianna and said, "You kept me up past my bedtime." "I don't think so," she replied. After a quick stop to freshen up in the bathroom, they headed to the mess room for breakfast. Ron walked in while they sat drinking their coffee and asked if he could join them. Jeremy nodded to a seat and Ron picked a breakfast plate after he was seated. "Ron, later today a set of uniforms will arrive at you quarters. The arm patch will show all that you are a sergeant major. From then on you have to follow protocols, except in privacy." Tianna told Ron to close his mouth or he wouldn't get to eat his breakfast. "Thank you, sir." Before Ron left, Tianna told him there was a marvelous pool on the lower deck which was open to officers, and the heat lamp wasn't bad either. Tianna looked at Jeremy and told him how nice it was to make Ron an officer, even if it was at the bottom of the ranks. He just smiled and continued sipping his coffee. Everything was running smoothly and he could relax for a bit. 
Life was going too smoothly and Some of the officers were a little tight lipped. Jeremy was just leaving the bridge when he almost passed out from shock. Anvers was right next to him in seconds, asking him if he was all right. Jeremy sat back down and told "Bell" to send the globe ship and the destroyer with the extra recruits ahead. Move the remaining recruits into the spare hanger bay of that destroyer that was going ahead with the globe. "Push these ships to the max speed possible. Anvers you have the bridge. I need a few minutes to speak to "the Brain and "Bell"." With that said, he closed his eyes and immediately was in contact with both. "That tenth ship is very close. It is nothing like what we have seen before. It is run by an A-I robot and is armed to the teeth. we are slowing down to let the globe and destroyer pull ahead. When they have a fair distance lead, we will be dropping out of star drive and intercept whatever it is. We will do our best to hold it off. Get the full fleet out here as soon as you can. I fear this is not going to go well for us." The Brain" was working on it before Jeremy had finished. "Bell" had been scanning while listening to Jeremy. She told them it would be but minutes before we had to drop out of star drive. The other two ships had been notified and all were getting the fighters ready for battle. And then it was time to stop.

Jeremy ordered Formation "Delta". The three of them would make a huge three point triangle and hopefully catch the rogue ship in the center. It was in the center when it appeared, but the ship was monstrous in size. You could put twenty Battleships in it and still have room. Jeremy had the ships go into constant motion which made them a harder target to hit. The fight was at a stalemate, But the A-I could go on where Jeremy’s ships would make a mistake at some point. The A-I could wait and pick them off one at a time. "We don't have enough fire power to do much damage. The shields surrounding that thing are almost impenetrable. One of the Battleships took a serious blow and its shields started to dwindle. Jeremy ordered it to withdraw and head for the space station. Jeremy was at his wits end. There had to be some way to stop that thing. He closed his eyes for a second and then he thought of a gamble that might work. "Bell", can you bring fourth the power in Ron's mind. "I think so." "Do it and have him get up here quick. You and I are going to meld our minds to his and give him as much as we can and maybe, just maybe, he can melt enough of that A-I brain so it can be destroyed." Ron came running into the bridge and asked Jeremy what he could do to help. Jeremy looked him in the eyes and asked if he could, with the help of "Bell" and himself, send a mental spear into the A-I's Works and short circuit it. "Bell is going to open a gate in your mind and you will be able to do what I asked you to. Relax for a second. "Bell" said after a minute it was done. "Open your mind and accept "Bell" and me in and what power we have will be assessed to you. Then concentrate on spearing what "Bell" will show you. It was so quiet, Jeremy wasn't sure they had started. Then he saw what "bell" and Ron saw. Adding his will to theirs, a light in the shape of a javelin formed and then it flew straight at the enemy ship. Then Jeremy dropped to the floor and didn't move. Ron did the same. For a moment, "Bell" went off line and the ship was dead in space. Slowly the emergency lights came on and in a few moments the ship was fully functional again. Captain Anvers called the med team and both men were taken to the med area. Meanwhile "Bell" had scanned the enemy vessel and pronounced it inactive. She also called for "The Brain" and explained all that had happened. "The brain scanned Jeremy and Ron and in a short period of time said Ron would awaken soon with a major headache. Jeremy was in a coma. All they could do was place him in a sleep chamber and wait. Captain Anvers asked "Bell what was happening and she related what "The Brain" had reported to her. Captain Anvers ordered the two ships to continue on to the space station, then to home.

Ron woke up and wished he could die. Someone was hitting him on the head with a hammer. "Bell" told him they had succeeded and his headache would diminish in a few hours. He made his way to the mess room and ordered a stiff drink. it didn't stop the headache but it lessened the pain. Tianna came in and sat sown next to him, but said nothing. "We beat that devil ship didn't we." As he looked at her he saw the tears on her cheek. "What's wrong"? "Jeremy is in a coma and we don't know if he'll wake up. Jeremy's aide, Jansen, walked in and reported no change yet. "There must be something that can be done," said Ron. "Nothing till we get him to Volar," said Tianna. Ten long days later, the Ships orbited Volar and Jeremy was removed and put in a stasis unit. "Bell" and Captain Anvers filed the reports with the council and the Federation. "The Brain scanned Jeremy but got nowhere. It was wait and see. The Globe ship and the other Battleship orbited a day earlier and twelve thousand five hundred recruits set foot on their new home. Tianna and Ron had given the information, that Jeremy usually gave, to them as they awoke. 


CHAPTER 27 Awake

Three months and most had given up hope of Jeremy coming out of his coma. A thought passed by "The Brain". It was only a split second, but "The Brain" knew, from all those times they communicated, it was Jeremy. He messaged Tianna the news that a flicker of thought from Jeremy had just passed by. Leaving the children with her parents, she raced to the med building and sat down and looked at him. There was movement under his eye lids. Taking his hand in hers she squeezed it, oh so gently, to her face. The fingers moved and then she was sure Jeremy was going to come home. "The Brain" sent a queary to him and he answered. "Where am I?" "Open your eyes and someone will answer all your questions." Then "The Brain" left so he could once again look upon his soul mate. Opening his eyes, he saw the most beautiful sight in his life. His lips were dry, so when he tried to speak it was a croak. She got a glass of fluid and helped him get some in his mouth. Then he asked, "Where am I?" "You are in a med wing in Volar, about five minutes from friends and family. 
A med tech came in to check on him. the alarms had gone off when he started moving. After a minute, he told Tianna she could take him home, but he had to take a few days off to recoup. In half an hour he was walking into his home. Before he had time to say hi, the children were on him and squealing, "daddy." He carefully made his way to the patio and asked one of the robots to bring him a drink and a sandwich. As he sat down, Tianna came and sat beside him. "This is the most beautiful place in the universe. I'm glad to come home and be where we first fell in love. After the drink and sandwich, Tianna walked him upstairs and made him lie down and relax. After she went back to the first floor, He called for "Bell", and that sweet voice answered immediately. "You scared us all half to death. Please don't do that again. We miss you and can't wait to see you again. Everyone in your fleet has received the news that you are back. Rest and come see us when you can." "The Brain" was there right after "Bell" had left. "I scanned you and there are no problems mentally or physically that I can find. But rest easy for a few days. The council will want to see you in about a week. It's great to have you back, Admiral."
After a few hours sleep he awoke and could here voices on the main floor. Carefully arising and putting one foot in front of the other, he made his way down the ramp and out to the patio. Raina and Hently were there and inquiring about his health. "I'm fine," he said. Raina came over and immediately hugged her son-in-law and welcomed him home with tears in her eyes. Hently just gave him a pat on the back and told him not to scare everyone like that again. They stayed till after dinner, then Tianna said he was off to bed and she might let him out on the patio again, if he behaves himself. The children were off to bed and he entered their bedrooms and silently told them good night and he loved them. Into the master suite and under the covers he went. Within minutes, Tianna was right beside him. With a goodnight kiss she cuddled up beside him and closed her eyes. 
After breakfast the next morning, Jeremy messaged "Bell" to have a shuttle ready at nine at the spaceport. "Yes sir, Admiral." Promptly at nine he entered the terminal and all movement stopped. A security guard said loudly, "The Admiral is in the terminal". It took a large group of guards to make room for him to get to his shuttle. Once inside, he asked the guard that had entered with him what that was all about. "Sir, it is all over the news, here and through the Federation, that you have returned to the living. The Federation scientists are still combing through the massive ship that your group left as a derelict near the space station, to say nothing about the other nine battleships that you decimated. Everyone is in a state of euphoria now that we have  you back." Jeremy was astonished hearing the news. He had some catching up to do since his demise four months ago. The shuttle noted, set down in the hanger in two minutes. "Well, young man, you might as well tag along with me and return to the terminal when I do." "Thank you sir" The guard opened the port and asked permission to enter the hanger. A loud voice told him to get out of the way and make room for the Admiral. As Jeremy stepped out onto the hanger deck it looked like all the personnel from his group was in attendance. When the noise dropped down to a point where he could talk, He thanked each and every one for putting an all out effort into saving thousands of lives and keeping an enemy from gaining a foothold in this galaxy. The uproar started again. Captain Anvers walked to the front and asked permission to speak. Jeremy nodded and the Captain turned and said, "now that everyone is here it is our wish to name this ship "the Springer", In honor of the best Admiral this world has. We will make every effort to make it the pride of the fleet and make it known, "we never give up." Again the noise was deafening. "Thank you. I hope that during my absence you had the opportunity to enjoy liberty. As I see it, I'll be planet bound for a few weeks. Therefore, the Captains will give everyone liberty on a rotating basis. I will hopefully be back within a month to continue. That is all." With his aide, Jansen, Captain Anvers, and the terminal guard, the four of them made it to the elevators and made for the mess hall. It was great to be back in the flagship and asked for a rundown on what happened and how many casualties they suffered. The Captain gave him the count as being over two hundred dead or missing, One Battleship had to be towed to the space station for repair. Once back in the Volar solar system, replacements and repairs were made to the Admiral's group in record time. "Thank you and consider yourselves dismissed to go about your normal activities." Sitting there he called to "Bell" to show herself. She was there in a flash. "Welcome back Admiral. You have just made the last four months of agony go away. Things are looking up." "Bell" what has happened to Ron?" "He is being tested so we can have insight about his mental make up. You were under when that energy javelin hit that monstrosity and a third of it was obliterated. That included the A-I. I went off line for a minute after that, but was able to get on line soon enough to get you and Ron to the med room and into stasis chambers. Ron suffered no lasting effects other than a splitting headache that lasted about three days. Then he fretted all the way to Volar about you." Are our ships ready to go if needed." "All will be ready in twenty four hours," she said. After strolling around the ship for a couple hours and talking to crew members, one on one, he decided to return to the shuttle and return home. Looking at the young man in security dress, he smiled and said, "let's get you home." After landing at the spaceport, he excused the young man to get back to his duties. "If your leader has a problem with you not being in the space port, have him call and I will be glad to straighten it out for you" The guard saluted and said in a loud voice,"Admiral is in the spaceport." all eyes turned, jumped to attention, and saluted. He called out, "as you were". He then hurried out and got into a cart to take him home. 
Tianna met him at the door and asked , "just what do you think you are doing." "I'll be damned if I have to be cooped up any longer. I've had enough rest and relaxation. I wanted to talk with my people and get the low down on what happened during that time I was mentally away. Tomorrow, I'm going to visit "the Brain". You are welcome if you wish to go and I would love it if you did." He then went up the ramp and came down in a few minutes in swim suit and a big fleecy towel. He had just jumped in the water when he heard a splash and knew she had jumped in right behind him. "I believe you forgot something," and he pictured her swimming in the nude. "Very astute, Admiral." Then she dunked his head under water. After fun and games, he got out and waited for her, then wiped her dry before drying himself. They went over and sat on a lounge and used the towel to cover her. A robot brought them drinks and left. He gazed her way and told her she was still the most beautiful girl he had ever met. She just smiled and cuddled a little closer. An hour later a robot came to tell them dinner would be ready in half an hour. Up the ramp and into the shower. When dry, dressed, and ready, they came down and sat at the dining room table for a quiet dinner. Jeremy thought it would be nice to invite the neighbors over for drinks on the patio in an hour or so. Tianna agreed and sent a robot over to ask them to come and have a drink. It was a quiet and relaxing evening. there was nothing of note discussed, but I got some insight into the way the Volarans looked at life. They asked questions on how I felt about these ships sneaking around in our galaxy and why they wouldn't stay where they belonged. Jeremy had no answers and agreed with them about the problem. Tianna told them that if an answer was ever forthcoming, they would be among the first to know. This made them feel better. They had seen the children trying to stand up and walk. They silently urged them on by thoughts alone. Finally, it was time for the convalescing patient to go to bed. They bid each other a good night and parted.
After breakfast , they waited at the curb for a cart and was soon on their way. As Jeremy, in his work outfit, started up the walkway, the guard stood aside and saluted. Jeremy returned the salute and the guard opened the panel for them. They proceeded to the elevator and were soon at the screen. A soft voice bid them welcome and had two chairs and drinks available on side tables. Without a spoken word, the three of them conversed. "Jeremy, you surprise me. I thought we would never see you again. What you accomplished out there was nothing short of miraculous." Jeremy replied, it was a team effort and Ron held the key." "He may have held the key, but you made him aware of it, and "Bell' and you were part of the driving force. Never under estimate your self. It's beginning to look like humans were the best choice to restart our civilization. Even more amazing is the melding of you two. With three children at one time, you have astonished even those that had misgivings about the choices made." "I still plan on calling on you when a problem arises," Jeremy said. "As, you are my superior, I will avail to help whenever I can. Tianna, take good care of this young man. he has answers to many of our problems and he needs you more than you will ever know." The conversation ran down and Jeremy and Tianna rose to go. Before leaving, Jeremy looked once more into the dome and was surprised to see that "The Brain" was larger than he remembered. Then again, it may be his imagination. 
After reaching home, they had just sat down when a representative of the council stopped in with news the council wished to see him in two days. Tianna asked him if he was up to going and his answer caught her off guard. "I'd go today if they called." Then he chuckled and said, "let's take the children out to the pool and start teaching them to swim." "Now that idea I like," she said. Putting floating devices on the three , they went into the pool and started the lessons by getting them used to having their faces wet. Circling around them, they splashed water on them and the kids laughed each time water was splashed at them. A robot came out and asked if they were ready for lunch. Tianna said they would be ready in about twenty minutes. Drying the kids and themselves off, they took them to their rooms and got them dressed for the rest of the day. Lunch was served and afterward the robots cleaned up the mess the kids made. Jeremy asked her what she would like to do next and her answer was to take a ride in the country. The kids enjoyed the chance to run around in the grass and hide behind the bushes and trees in the forest. When they tired, a ride back to the house was welcome and the kids were asleep before arriving. With the assistance of one of the robots, they put them to bed for an afternoon nap. Just as they got seated out on the patio, Raina and Hently came in. Raina told them she wanted to show them the house with the changes and decorating finished. She noted there were two new rooms added for the grand children when they were staying with them. Hently had moved all his office files to the new office at the back of the house. They were now settled in and very happy Jeremy had gotten this home for them. Tianna told them they had to meet with the council in the morning. Hopefully nothing of import would be discussed. After an evening meal and a goodnight kiss for the kids, they left and then the kids were put to bed. Then it was time for the adults to catch some sleep also.


CHAPTER 28 The Council

At nine sharp the next morning they walked into the council chamber. Tianna took her place at the table, Jeremy sat in a chair in front of the table. A new chair person was at the center, this time a man. After bringing the council to order, he addressed Jeremy. "Admiral, at this time, after meeting with the chief staff of our naval services we have concluded that your advancement to full Admiral will take place immediately. When you return home, your new uniforms will be waiting for you. Congratulations and you are now the leader of the Fourth Brigade. This unit consists of twenty four Battleships, The globe unit that was with you on your last voyage, twelve starfighter groups, and a dozen light cruisers. The officers are waiting to attend you in an adjacent room when we are finished here. The council has one other item on our agenda. What are your feelings about the program at this stage?" " Jeremy thought for a minute, then addressed the program as of this moment. It is my belief we have a sufficient number of humans to complete the program as is. It is now time to go to Earth, tell them we are there on a peaceful mission and wish to speak with the major powers that be, in and open space of their choosing. At that time, I think it wise to have a number of humans with their spouses and children with me when we meet out in the open. It will help ease any tension they may have about our trip. At that time it will be explained what we have in mind and the benefits of our races intermixing. Hopefully all will end well." The chairman said,"we believe that in this instance you have a better handle on this than we do. Go and try your best to make this happen. We will await your return." "To move things along faster, it may be that we will have to get some volunteers sent to help them catch up and improve conditions on Earth. I believe a rotation system of both humans to come here to learn, as well as Volarans going there, would be best." The council voted and then it was on his shoulders to get it done.

He was shown to the adjacent room by a council guard who entered and said, "Admiral Jeremy, The new head of the Fourth Brigade has arrived." As he entered all stood and saluted. "As you were, gentlemen." Going to the front of the room he turned and rested on a desk and asked the senior officer of each ship to stand. Thirty seven, plus the senior officers of his original group stood up at attention. "Gentlemen and ladies, I will rely on your expertise for awhile while I try to fit into these shoes. After a chuckle from the large group of officers, he continued. I will expect the organic brains and or the A-I's to familiarize themselves with my number one girl. "Bell" Please attend this gathering. "Bell" came into view and stood next to Jeremy. I want you all to understand that my door is always open, and if I'm not available, Call "Bell" and I will get to you as soon as possible. That means each and every one of you. I want nothing hidden. Good or bad, I will work it out. Record that last statement. I want no one to ever forget it. Now, I am soon going to be leaving for Earth. I don't want to have them think it's an invasion, so I will be taking the globe and a half dozen mix of light cruisers and Battleships. Some may not want to go there, but I will be taking that number either by volunteers or by picking what I need to fill empty slots. Today, word is going out that some of the mixed couples are wanted on this trip and I will be accepting up to fifty couples. They will be traveling on my flag ship, so none of you have to worry about people under foot. It is hoped that in a week we will be leaving. Those ships left are to be divided equally and go to the four space stations to bolster their security. When I return, all ships in the fleet will be going outside the perimeter for warfare excersizes. I will be in touch with each lead officer in the coming week. Gentlemen, you are dismissed."
He hadn't risen from the desk before he had a lineup waiting to be heard. Half of the Commanders of his fleet were eager to go with him. Captain Anvers asked if he was taking his other Battleships with him. He had Anvers call them over and he told them they had been through the ringer with this last trip and he wanted them to have at least a month off to recuperate. After that time they were to travel the perimeter of the galaxy and see if things were normal. A Captain Jamarri was the senior officer of the three Battleships and he was put in charge while they were on patrol. "Bell" had the names of the officers that wanted to go to Earth with him. "Bell", I want you to go over each of those ships and pick out three Battleships and three light cruisers to accompany us to Earth. Day after tomorrow, I want to visit those ships and let them know first hand they have been picked and what will be expected of them. Also, every one that is going is to have at least one shuttle and if possible, two." "Yes sir, Admiral." True to his word he visited each ship and through the p/a system, told them how thankful he was that they were to be part of the team to open up relations with the planet Earth. The day before leaving they had not only gotten the fifty couples, but had to turn away another hundred or more. That evening the grandparents came over to spend the evening and take the children back home with them. Hently asked Jeremy if it was true, that he had assumed command of the fourth and had close to forty ships under him. "Yes Hently, it is, and I feel the burden of that falling upon my shoulders. I now have to try and keep thousands alive and in good spirits daily. I never set out to be a military man, but that's the hand I've been dealt. I will have to live with it. Thank heavens for Tianna and my children."

CHAPTER 29 Earth Bound 

Word had passed around, that Ships of the Fourth Brigade were leaving for Earth, led by Admiral Jeremy.  The onlookers saw the two scouts that had landed and the hybrids entering the portal to go to the flag ship. The trip would take a little over a month with a stop at the space station in the middle of the voyage. After they left, a shuttle landed to take the Admiral and his wife to their second home. The port opened and out stepped Captain Anvers, a hero in his own rite. He received a warm welcome as he stood waiting for Jeremy. He knew the throng came to see the Admiral as he took leave of his home and children. The large vehicle pulled up and out stepped the Admiral who turned and lent a hand to his beautiful wife. Another couple also came out of the vehicle. Porters ware called to load all the items in the cargo vehicle into the shuttle. As Tianna and Jeremy walked past all military personnel jumped to attention and held a salute as he came by. He returned their salute all the way to the portal of the shuttle. upon meeting Captain Anvers, he could be heard saying, "Carry on." Into the shuttle and with the young couple close behind, it was not long and the shuttle lifted off. Inside, Jeremy told Ron and Ann how happy he was they were going back with him. "How are you two getting along in your new home," he asked. Ann was completing her education and couldn't be happier. Next year she was to be trained as a fighter pilot and hoped one day to be a part of "The Springer". Jeremy said if she made it through, there would be a spot for her, not necessarily as a fighter pilot but his shuttle pilot at least. It seemed to satisfy her for the time being. Ron had finished being scanned and was working with scientists trying to understand how his brain functioned. He was a scientific marvel and they doted on him. And his last name (Springer) didn't hurt. A sudden twitch in the floor told Jeremy they were in the hanger of the flag ship. Someone outside opened the portal and waited for those inside to come out.
Barring those that had to keep an eye on the other ships, the hanger was full of crewmen that wanted to welcome their new Admiral aboard. Most of those in the federation had members represented. Opening his mind he sent them a thank you and a  high rating for a job well done in getting ready to aid in the project and keeping a watch on the galactic perimeter while he was gone. "Now it's time to be under way. Hopefully, we can all meet here in the near future and really have a party. "Bell, for those that didn't come by shuttle, aid them in returning to their ships, with the help of the other brains. As you were ". Jeremy, along with Jansen and the rest of his entourage, made their way to the elevators and went in different directions when the panel opened. Jeremy wanted out of the dress uniform and into his work clothes. Tianna was right behind, shedding the robe of office and changing into something more comfortable. "Bell" let them know, Captain Anvers had lined up the ships and latched the scouts under the Battleships in prep for leaving. "Tell the Captain to head for the edge of the solar system and lets get into star drive, yesterday. "Yes sir Admiral," she said. Ten minutes later, they entered star drive and headed for the space station. Each day, he made it a priority to go over to one of the ships and spend a few hours with staff and visit a couple departments to chat with the everyday personnel. Each time he was ready to transport back to the flag ship he felt a warm glow from the members of that ship. Jeremy was doing what few Admirals did. Show them they were not just a number. 
It seemed they had just started when "Bell" announced, one hour to the space station. Jeremy called for a twenty four hour layover, so all aboard could have a twelve hour liberty on the station, rotating half at a time. This was not lost on the crews of the ships. Not all of the ships could dock as there were a number of ships all ready docked. The shuttles came in handy and everyone had a great time. Jeremy looked up the Captain in charge of the station to see how they were faring after the attack some months back. He reported they were back in tiptop shape and the extra Battle ships helped relieve the stress. Jeremy told him that a large part of the fourth brigade was to be split up and would be spread among the four space stations for added security while he was on Earth. That should help relieve some of the anxiety. After sharing a drink, Jeremy took his leave and returned to the flag ship. When the twenty four hours was up they returned to star drive and on to the next stop, Earth. 
Just outside of the Earth solar system they dropped out of star drive. Jeremy had prepared a statement to be beamed to Mars, Earth, and their moon. It stated as follows, People of Earth and all their settlements in the solar system, this is a peaceful visit. We come with open minds and hearts to offer you a place in the federation of planets in this galaxy. We would like to meet in an open area on Earth, Mars, or your moon. We would like this to be an open meeting so all who are interested can hear what is discussed live at that time. If the meeting is to be held away from Earth, we have shuttles to transport your representatives to the meeting place. Decide what time and place and the number of reps that will attend, and we will make our arrangements at that time. For now we will orbit your planet, Jupiter. We will answer any questions you have, that have a bearing on this visit. Yours, Admiral Jeremy Springer of the planet Volar, Federated Planets. 
The message was transmitted over and over with a pause in between to allow an answer. An answer came about an hour later in the form of a question. "Are you the Jeremy Springer of Cristy, New Mexico? Immediately, a reply was sent. "Yes, one and the same." After a pause, another transmission was sent. "There is an area outside of Cristy that is a large open space. We will have our reps there in twenty four hours and would like to hold the meeting on Mars, just outside the settlement."  "That will not be a problem. Our shuttles can carry about twenty in comfort. do you have a number that are coming, so as to have the correct number of shuttles at the landing site?" They replied, "three shuttles should suffice." Then, Jeremy sent the final message. "I hope you are sending someone with the authority to make a final decision. And, as I said, we will be broadcasting this meeting so there will be no claims of lies or deceits. We will be picking up the reps at nine tomorrow morning. One of my ships will have robots put up an enclosure and supply any food or beverages wanted while we are conversing. By the same token we will disassemble the enclosure and leave the area as it was before we landed. signing off."

Jeremy picked a ship and gave it instructions on what was to be done on Mars. Also set up portable screens, safety first and foremost for all. The ship parted and left for Mars. When they orbited Mars they picked an area about a mile from the enclave and sent a scout down with materials and robots. In a few hours the Captain of the ship announced, mission accomplished. Jeremy sent orders for him to continue orbiting the planet, as he would soon have company. A “Yes Sir,” let Jeremy know the orders has been gotten. "Bell" made arrangements to have a light cruiser accompany the flag ship as there were only two shuttles on the flag ship The other three ships were to remain where they were till further orders, or trouble broke out. The trip from the Earth to Mars in a shuttle would take about three hours. That means they will be starting at noon. Jeremy sent for Captain Anvers and had him in command the three shuttles. "Ann and Ron would be accompanying him. Might as well have the locals see a couple of their own on the trip to Mars." "Bell" we would like to be in Earth orbit by eight thirty and will follow the shuttles when they emerge from the atmosphere." "Admiral, you have all kinds of room in the hanger bay for the shuttles." "I do, but I don't want to scare the pants off them before we get to Mars." 
At eight thirty the following morning, the flag ship and cruiser were in Earth orbit. The three shuttles left and reported when they had touched down. "Bell", scan the area around there and see if there are any people outside of the general area." She reported that there were three in holes that were dug for their size. "Let's move them about two miles away." "Done Admiral." Jeremy watched as the shuttles opened their ports and an officer stepped out to wait for the reps to enter. After a minute of indecision, they came forward and entered. When all were aboard they lifted and started the trip to Mars. The Battle ship and cruiser came out of orbit and followed. Three hours later, the shuttles landed and before the ports opened, Jeremy and Tianna transported down and awaited them. Each rep was handed a portable air pod so they could be comfortable on their walk to the enclosure. When all were inside the enclosure, it was sealed and the air pods were no longer needed. The reps found very comfortable seats awaited them and robots that were made in the form of humans ready to take care of their needs in food and drink. After everyone was seated and had what they asked for in refreshments, Jeremy stood and started the meeting. "Ladies and gentlemen, I am Jeremy Springer and I lived in Cristy, New Mexico till a few years ago. I have been given an opportunity which everyone on Earth will be offered. Before I tell you about this opportunity, let me give you a little history on the Volaran race. Tianna please come over here beside me. This, ladies and gentlemen is my wife Tianna. She is a Volaran. As you can see she is not much different than us. To continue", He was interrupted by a question from one of the men. Are these people compatible with humans. "I will answer this one question now, but please wait till I have finished before any more interruptions. The Volarans and humans are completely compatible. We have three children staying home with their grandparents. To continue, The Volarans were an old race before we crawled onto dry land. Their history is similar to ours. They were very inquisitive and soon started visiting the planets in their solar system. They soon branched out and met other races. Once those races found Volarans peaceful and that they had no plans to ever rule them, they became fast friends and formed a federation to ease all tension in the galaxy. About six hundred years ago, a race came into the Milky Way and tried to enslave all the races. It was a costly war and cost the lives of millions. The Federation got the upper hand and the enemy surrendered. They sent them back with a warning that next time their race would be wiped out. With peace, the races rebuilt and now cover the perimeter of the galaxy with stations so as to be forewarned of intruders. If you wonder about the number of ships I came here with, know that we have had visits from the enemy lately, so no ship travels alone. The last three hundred years there has been a change in the Volarans. They have started to regress. There society has come to a stand still. If nothing changes they will be no more in less than a thousand years." 
"On my way back from college after finishing my junior year, I was abducted and moved halfway across the galaxy before waking up. During the time of my slumber, the ship educated me, told me their history, and tested me to see if our race could qualify to help them change course and start their race on the path to greater heights. I agreed to be tested by taking command of a Battle ship for a tour of duty. With Tianna by my side, I succeeded and was asked to start the program to get recruits from Earth and show them what Earth could be like if we agreed to aid them. Relax for a moment and I will show you a glimpse of the people who need our help. Close your eyes. Jeremy projected the Volaran solar system, the moons, and the planet. The capital and the countryside. The space ships, the food processes, the advanced medical facilities, and the people themselves. What they ask for is small compared to what we get. This will be a partnership of equals. Volaran specialists will come here and work with everyone on Earth to make Earth as good as Volar. All we have to do is see these people as we see ourselves physically and mentally. These families are here so you can see that Earth has everything to gain and nothing to lose. That is the end of my presentation. "Before we continue, you can sit and talk with the families that accompanied me and get a feel what life is like on Volar. When ready I will try to answer some of your questions. Jeremy and Tianna went to get a drink and sit while the representatives talked and asked questions of the families. After an hour, they once again settled in their chairs and said they were ready. 
"Now it is time to ask your questions and if I can, I will answer them." Jeremy sat down,  poured himself a drink and waited. The first question, was what you showed us in our minds really the way things are? "Yes, and even better." What you are telling us, is to simply inter marry and we get all that you have shown us. "I've barely scratched the surface. You have everything to gain and nothing to lose. In a couple hundred years the two races will be one, and the fun has already started. New and better ways of doing things has already started. Now, for those that want a respite, there are cots in the next room and all facilities are available. In the morning we will take you home. If you make a decision before leaving, to join, we will honor all that I have told you and showed you and more. We cannot stay for a long period of time here. If no answer is forth coming by the end of three days, I will believe that you are not interested and be on my way back home." He took Tianna's hand and transported back to the flag ship. Tianna wondered if it was a good idea leaving them there with the families. Jeremy told her "Bell" had scanned all of the families, and if someone tried to change their mind about life on Volar, there would be a knock down drag out fight. "I'm going to grab a sandwich and a drink and let what will be, be." 
The following morning, after breakfast, Tianna and Jeremy transported down to the enclosure. As they walked in, they noticed it was very quiet. very few were still awake, and those were talking quietly with the hybrid families. Jeremy went over to a server and got Tianna and himself a cup of coffee. Then they sat back and waited. Soon, all were awake and talking in little groups. One man at the rear of the enclosure rapped his hand on a chair to get everyone's attention. All went and sat down quietly. Then the man came to the front and stood in front of Jeremy. Tianna moved the chair she was sitting on behind the man and asked him to sit down. After clearing his throat, he said they had been in touch with the new organization that had replaced the UN. "Over ninety percent saw and heard what we saw and heard. It was touch and go for awhile, but finally they saw the opportunity to do away with countries and borders. They saw a future that they want for us and our children. Jeremy, I am the principal person in this group and have the power to tell you, we accept your proposal and you will be stuck with us from now on. Everyone stood and clapped and yelled and carried on like they were at a new years party. "If any of you  would like to see my flag ship and get a minor tour of it, you will be wecome to come aboard. You should know that other races are part of the crew. Don't be alarmed. they fear you more than you fear them. About a dozen said they would love to see this flag ship of his. Two of the shuttles started back to Earth and the third headed for the flagship. They were able to see the ship's size by the screens in front of them. Tianna and Jeremy  transported up and was waiting for the portals to open.  Jansen was also waiting. The group stepped down onto the hanger deck and looked around, Jeremy stepped forward and introduced his aide, Jansen. Some at the back said, "this thing actually moves? Anvers told "Bell" to turn on the hanger screens and they all could see they were leaving Mars and Earth was straight ahead.
Captain Anvers and Jansen led the group over to the elevators and started explaining what was on the different decks. they also explained there were some things they shouldn't touch and places they couldn't go. Then the elevator portal closed and the tour was on. Tianna thought Jeremy should get anything he wanted after the way he made the program work. He just smiled and said, " no more hiding in warehouses. Everything will be out in the open. There is one more task I have to address and then we can prepare to go home." "What?" "This new replacement for the UN must be made aware of some things that have to change, which will make the program much smoother to incorporate." After the tour was over, Jeremy found the man that was the leader of the group and asked how much trouble it would be to have this UN replacement called to session. The man's name was Abrams and said if he could call from the ship to Earth the session could start as soon as they landed. Abrams made his call and the answer was, it would be ready when you arrive. Abrams wanted to have a chat with Jeremy and find out his feelings about this unification. Jeremy took him down to the mess room and after getting their refreshments ordered, started their chat. "What are the things you have questions about?" Abrams wanted to know if Jeremy had any idea how long it would be before Earth would look like Volar. My guess would be, if their is full cooperation, fifty to seventy five years would get most of the changes made. Come with me to this meeting and you will have a better understanding of the changes that must be made over that period of time.


CHAPTER 30 The World Council


After the Battle ship went into orbit, the other ships came into view. When the group saw the globe ship, there was a gasp from all of them. Jeremy told them it was a transport ship and was mainly used for medical emergencies. "We used it for something else. If you listen when I address your council you will understand what we used it for." The group entered the shuttle and headed for the council area. They landed just a few yards from the building and were met by a security team. They were escorted into the building and went immediately to the large conference area where the representatives sat and waited. The group was seated to the side of the stage where a speaker was standing. He tapped a gavel and stated they were now in session. “Without further ado, I present to you Jeremy Springer, the representative of the Volaran world.” Jeremy left the group and walked over to the gentleman who then stood aside. 

"Councilors, It is my pleasure to welcome you to the Volaran race. We believe that with the joining of our two races, both races will see progress in the future as we go fourth as equal partners. In time we will become one race and will have advanced well beyond where we would be if not joined together. However, There are changes that will, over a short period of time, have to change. You must come to realize Earth is a space ship. As such there are limitations to what it can do. Your thinking will have to change. On Volar, there a five continents with a city on each. Except for agriculture, the rest of the planet is greenery. Trees make oxygen and feed off of carbon dioxide. Trees are a necessity. stop harvesting them. Next, the Volarans found two barren planets and slowly revived them to health and then had two more planets that are carbon copies of the first. We can do the same here. Mars can be revitalized, your moon also can be a productive entity. Knowing this you must realize that in time you will have to reduce your population to manageable numbers. Earth will shine if the population is under two billion, and preferably one would be ideal, Same goes for Mars. you moon would be the perfect place for industry. We have not looked at Venus, but there are possibilities there, also. Armies are a waste of resources. Make a world security force, and in time you will be able to reduce it in size. It's not all bad. There are no poor, unemployed, or uneducated on Volar. There is no need for money. Most everyone has the same as their neighbor so there is no crime. Food is not a problem. Improvements in health care will become available to you and medicine far outpaces what you have now. In closing, I realize there are some things that need to change, but you get to step into a future that would not be available to you for a thousand years. Earth gets the better deal in the end by a large margin. You can no longer put up with the rich running the world nor the tyrants that enslave. Get rid of your prejudices and Fanatics. We will help you cure your drug problems. These are things that need addressing. I will tell you now, we have recruited fifteen thousand men and women from this planet and they are on the way to building the hybrid race. Jeremy closed his eyes for a second and asked "the Brain" the number of children born and those women that were pregnant with hybrid children. He then  opened his eyes and continued. There are over three hundred born and another seven hundred expecting. This was accomplished in less than a year and a half. Personally, I don't want to see this world left behind. There will be pains in changing the way you think and act. these pains will lessen as you turn your world around. The ones that rode back with me saw the globe ship in orbit. That ship was brought in case other single men and women of child bearing years wanted to return and join, in making this happen. Scientists and medical doctors that want to improve themselves are also welcome to come with us. We will be in orbit for seventy two hours and then we have to leave. He put down the mike and left as the council started their discussion. The couples that had come with them walked in and Tianna said she thought that they should tell their story. She led them onto the stage and said it is time everyone on this planet heard your stories. She then rejoined Jeremy and transported back to the Flag ship.
The following morning, the families came back by shuttle. They reported large scale screaming and yelling. Over eighty percent of the calls from their citizens were for full cooperation with the Volaran offer. There were close to eighty thousand who wanted to go back in the globe ship. In the end the vote was unanimous to proceed with the union of the two worlds. Jeremy called "The Brain" and related the news. The globe ship would be filled for the trip back and would probably have to make a half dozen trips back and forth. "The Brain" reported the news to the council and they were ecstatic knowing they had a partner to go forward with the plans. "Will you be heading home soon?" "The Brain” asked. Jeremy replied, "within a week we will be on our way with a full globe of scientists, Doctors, and young people that can't wait to get there. See you when we get back." Then a thought went through the large brain, What will he try to conquer next, I wonder." 




EPILOGUE

"The Brain", isolating himself from all that takes place around him, took the time to contemplate the last ten years since he met Jeremy. The young man had accomplished more in that short period of time than the Volaran race had accomplished in the last five hundred years. He mused about his change. He was half again his normal size and Jeremy had a lot to do with the changes in him, both physical and mental. He had to extend his capabilities far from where he was comfortable and in the end he liked the change. 
Jeremy was the youngest member of the "Joint Chiefs of Staff" in history. The young Admiral now commanded forty Battleships and a support group of another fifty ships. He  kept his promise to make his group the pride of the fleet. He had reached the peak of advancement and could go no higher. Anyone in the Federation looking to be a part of the services pushed the limits to get added to his fleet. Those that were there, were not in any hurry to leave. There was only one dark cloud in the sky. The hated enemy from another galaxy was nipping at the heels of the Federation. Would the Federation survive another war with that enemy? Would Jeremy survive? What of Tianna and the children? Would the hybrid race be able to survive? The answers would be coming in the not too distant future.

About the Author
Born in Franklin County, New York. W moved down to a suburb
in Rochester, NY. when I was a teenager. Worked at various 
jobs before landing with a large Printer Company. After 34 years, my 
soulmate and I retired and moved down near Nashville, Tn. Roamed 
around the country in a bus for a dozen years and with boredom 
catching up to me, decided to try my hand at writing. Completed five 
short novellas in less than a year. Jeremy, #6 is my best book to date,
