Journey to Astera
by Nancy Hand


Copyright 2021

Published by Nancy Hand at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either fictional or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is coincidental.
~~~
Chapter 1
Mette awoke, feeling a hard, smooth floor under her back. There was a loud ringing in her ears. She kept her eyes closed as she tried to remember where she was. The floor felt like the stage in the pavilion, but she couldn't understand why she would be lying on her back or why her ears were ringing. Then she remembered dancing with Pánfilo, to celebrate Princess Laurette's birthday. She had just stepped away from him to spin across the stage. That still didn't explain why she was lying on her back. Had she fallen and hit her head? If so, why was no one there to check on her? Out of habit she did a mental scan of her body, checking for areas of intense pain or the dampness of blood. Nothing seemed amiss. She cracked open her eyes, expecting to see the lights over the stage. Instead, in oddly dim light, Mette saw a broken board balanced not far above her face. She tried moving her left arm only to find it pinned to the floor by a large piece of ceiling tile. 
Carefully, she pulled her arms from under the debris. Then she sat up and looked around. The stage was unrecognizable. There were parts of the ceiling and walls, as well as pieces of broken furniture, strewn across the space. There were gaps in the walls of the room. Window panes hung in tatters from their frames. Over the ringing in her ears she could hear the moans and cries of injured people. From her place, sitting on the floor near the back of the stage, she couldn't tell what had happened. Mette looked around for her dance partner. With his great height, she expected to see Pánfilo striding across the stage to lift her out of this mess. But he wasn't there.
Mette pulled her legs under her and slowly stood up. She could feel the ache of bruises down her back as she stepped out of the pile of debris surrounding her. She looked around, trying to get her bearings, to figure out where she was on the stage, where Pánfilo might be. What had been the center of the room, where Princess Laurette and her family had been sitting, was a gaping crater. The ceiling was gone, leaving a large hole open to the sky. The far wall, facing the formal gardens, teetered as if it would collapse at any moment. Mette pulled her attention back to the stage. Where was Pánfilo? She stepped through the debris carefully, afraid of stepping on him or on something sharp. Slowly, she worked her way across the stage to where she remembered seeing him last.
She stepped over an arm, torn from the body of someone there to celebrate a little girl's birthday, on a lovely summer day. She refused to let the sight stop her. She used her bare foot to move some debris aside. A leg, looking to be from another celebrant, was exposed as the debris shifted. She kept looking, refusing to let herself be distracted.
Finally she found him. Pánfilo was lying on his stomach under some broken ceiling tiles near the back of the stage. His head faced to his right and his eyes were closed. He looked peaceful, as if he were asleep. Mette looked back from where he lay to where he'd been when she remembered seeing him last. The distance was considerable.
She leaned over to wake him. "Pánfilo. Pánfilo, wake up! We have to get out of here. It looks like there's been an explosion. People may need our help." Mette shook him lightly but his eyes didn't open. She started removing the debris covering him. "Pan? Wake up." She stroked his arm. It didn't feel right. When she'd removed enough debris, she rolled him onto his back. Pánfilo's head flopped back at an unnatural angle. The red and black dye on his skin had hidden the blood from a gash across his neck. A shard from one of the beautiful blue glass ceiling tiles was embedded in the wound. Mette choked back her tears. There was nothing more she could do for her friend. 
She needed to get out of the building, to some place safe, and get help. There were a few people, dazed and injured, staggering toward the door on the far side of the room. She couldn't get across the room, across the enormous hole in the floor, to reach that door. She needed to find another way out.
As she made her way back across the stage, toward the servant's entrance, she heard someone crying. Anyone on this side of the room would have trouble getting out of the building even if they knew their way. The guests would only know the public entrances. Even the royal family wouldn't be familiar with the entrances used by their servants. Mette made her way toward the sound.
"Hello? Where are you? Are you hurt?"
A small hand appeared above the edge of an upturned table, followed by the top of a head. The explosion had thrown the table up against the back wall of the pavilion. The table legs were embedded in the wall, creating a shield for whoever was behind it. Mette moved some debris away from the space in front of the table so she could look over the edge, "Are you hurt?"
A boy, maybe eight or nine years of age, stared up at her. His eyes were wide as he shook his head.
"Can you move? Do you need help getting out of there?"
In response the boy held his arms up, toward her. She looked over the edge of the table to make sure his legs weren't pinned. The body of an older woman, possibly a servant, lay next to him. Mette reached down and grabbed him by the arms, as close to the armpit as she could reach, and started hauling him up. He scrambled upwards as she lifted. Working together they were able to get him over the edge of the table. Then she lowered him to the ground, holding him until he seemed steady on his feet.
Now that he was standing on the floor in front of her, the boy craned his neck as he stared up at Mette. Like all dancers, she was exceptionally tall. This was probably the first time he'd actually stood next to a dancer. "You're tall," was all he could say.
She wanted to laugh. She'd heard similar remarks before. Pánfilo, who had towered over her, had wearied of such comments. "Yes. Dancers are tall. We need to get out of here before the building collapses. Can you walk?"
The boy nodded.
"Have you heard anyone else in this area? Someone who might be injured?"
The boy shook his head.
"My name is Mette. What is yours?"
"Karolus."
One of the emperor's children was named Karolus, but it was a common name. She bowed toward him anyway, "Karolus. If you will come with me, I think I can get us out of this mess."
Chapter 2
It took them almost an hour to thread their way across the mangled wreckage of the room. They passed five exits, all blocked with debris and bodies, before finding one that was open. As she ducked through the door Mette wondered where this particular hallway led. Though she knew many of the obscure hallways used by servants to get around the palace unseen, she couldn't recall where this one led. She had only lived at the palace for two years, there were still many things she didn't know. On other occasions, she'd met servants of twenty years who were lost in the depths of the palace compound.
She cracked open the first doorway leading from the hall. It was a storage room that wouldn't get them any closer to help. The second door opened to a wine cellar. The next two doors were locked. The sixth door opened to a corridor she was very familiar with. The broad corridor extended from one side of the palace compound to the other. It was the main passage that connected warehouses, outbuildings, and servants' quarters to the various palace buildings. The floor was unfinished concrete. The walls and ceiling were covered with a light-colored tile that reflected light from small fixtures near the ceiling. The corridor lead to the humsoa, at the western edge of the compound, where Mette and Pánfilo lived. She started down the corridor at a brisk pace, forgetting that Karolus wouldn't be able to keep pace with her. She stopped. Then she back tracked to find the boy.
"I am sorry. I forgot you were not Pánfilo. I will slow down."
"Pánfilo? Was he the other dancer? The red one."
"Yes."
"Where is he? Why isn't he with you now?"
"He was killed." Mette didn't want to remember how she'd seen him. "Was that your nurse behind the table?"
The boy nodded, "Yes. Mearra Soo. She was nice."
"I am sorry." Mette wanted to change the subject to almost anything else. "Would you like me to carry you for a while? My legs are longer than yours."
"Where are we going? How far is it?"
She guessed he was somewhat embarrassed at not being able to keep up with her, "This leads to the humsoa. We can get help there. It is... I really do not know how far it is. I have gotten used to it and do not really think of the distance."
Karolus seemed to be calculating something in his head, "Well, from the pavilion to the humsoa at the surface is about two lems. Since we've already gone at least one lem in a cross-wise direction from the pavilion, we're probably still two lems from the humsoa. I can walk that far. But I would prefer it if you would slow down."
Mette nodded, "Since the corridor is fairly straight, I will let you set the pace."
As they walked down the corridor Karolus eyed the dancer's long legs. Though she was aware of his scrutiny she didn't start any conversation. Whether or not he was the emperor's son, he and his nurse had been guests, which meant he was probably a member of the royal family. She was just a dancer, a servant of the family. It wasn't her place to initiate unnecessary conversation.
Finally he couldn't contain his curiosity. "I thought the colors were painted on garments. But it looks like your skin is painted. Does it wash off?"
Mette looked down. Her entire body was painted white, highlighted with a thin tracery of bright blue. Her black hair, which she wore swept up and over the top of her head, was tipped with the same bright blue. Her hair formed a soft helmet and added a hand's width to her height. The blue on her skin and hair matched the blue of her eyes. She'd worn the same color and pattern since completing her training. "No. It does not wash off. It will wear off, in time, if the color is not refreshed."
"Is this true for all dancers?"
"All those I know, yes."
"What color is your skin, without the paint?"
She had to think. It had been a number of years since she'd seen the natural color of her skin. She wanted to laugh but didn't think Karolus would consider it polite, "I think it is much the same color as your skin. I really do not recall."
They walked down the corridor in silence. Though it was wide enough to accommodate vehicles, none were visible. There were no other people visible in the corridor. The doors leading to workshops and storerooms were closed. The hallways they crossed were vacant. Mette didn't remember the corridor ever being so empty.
Karolus seemed to be having trouble with the quiet isolation of the underground corridor, "Had you and Pánfilo danced together for long?"
She didn't know if she wanted to talk about Pánfilo yet, but the boy had asked, "We trained together."
"How old were you? When you started training?"
"I was four. Pánfilo was a little older." She remembered the official who had delivered her to the school, separating her from her family. The first chance she'd had, she'd found a closet to hide in. Pánfilo had already found the closet hiding space. They spent their first several days at the school in the closet, their arms wrapped around one another, crying.
Karolus walked on without saying anything for a while. "Mearra Soo had been my nurse since I was born."
"I am sorry she was killed."
"Thank you. I'm sorry Pánfilo was killed."
"Thank you."
Chapter 3
To Mette, it felt like an eternity until they reached the door leading into the lowest level of the humsoa. She unlocked the door and let the boy enter first. The door opened into a stairwell, paneled with wood. The wooden stairway leading up to the surface had been built for a dancer's long legs. Karolus stared at the height of the risers as he decided how best to start. Mette didn't stop to ask his permission, she simply grabbed him around the waist and carried him up. At the top she put his feet on the floor of the landing before unlocking the next door.
She opened the door to chaos. Dancers were running from place to place, calling to one another, as they tried to collect their things. She stepped forward, keeping Karolus close, and called to someone she saw in the hall, "Brinda! What is going on?"
A dancer, with yellow face and orange hair visible above the collar of her tunic looked in their direction, "Mette! There are soldiers everywhere. They are shooting people. What happened at the pavilion?"
"There was an explosion. A lot of people are dead or injured."
Brinda looked at the boy next to Mette and thought of something else, "Where is Pánfilo?"
"Dead."
Brinda pointed at Karolus, "And that?"
"A celebrant."
Brinda shook her head. Other things were more important right now, "Better get your things together. People are leaving. Nobody wants to take the chance of soldiers coming here and maybe shooting us."
"Where are we going?"
"Away. Get your things or you will be left behind."
Mette grabbed Karolus' hand and hurried toward her room. She practically dragged the boy down the hall as he stumbled along after her. She reached her room and dashed in. She pushed the boy into a chair as she stuffed clothes and other items into a bag. Then she pulled on trousers and a tunic without bothering to brush off any of the dust from the explosion. She located a pair of boots under the bed and struggled to pull them on.
Finally she pulled one of her shorter tunics over Karolus' head, "It is going to be large on you. I am sorry. But you will look less obvious in this than in your suit." Then she led the way back out.
As they neared the center of the building they came to a large, open room with a smooth wooden floor. Ornately carved wooden columns at the corners supported sections of a low, fretwork wall that helped define the area. As dancers dashed out, many of them stopped to kiss the floor. 
"Why are people kissing the floor?"
Mette responded almost without thinking, "The main dance floor is the heart of a humsoa. This has been a good place to live. We will all miss it." She was looking for someone, "Jeroli! Who has Jeroli?"
Someone on the far side of the room, painted with bright blue and white, looked up. "I do not know. He may still be in his room."
Mette spun around and started back the way she'd come, almost forgetting to grab Karolus, "Xima! I will need your help. Come on!"
The blue dancer raced to join Mette. Together they located Jeroli's room and ran in. Jeroli was propped up in his bed, unable to stand. Mette handed a bag to Karolus and told him to collect Jeroli's things while she and Xima found a way to carry the injured dancer. A few minutes later the four of them were rushing back across the building toward the vehicle shed.
There was only one vehicle left. Brinda and Kara, another dancer, were waiting for them. As they crammed into the vehicle Mette pulled Karolus onto her lap. There was no place else for him to sit. 
Tears ran down her face as they started away from the humsoa.
Chapter 4
Everyone's first thought had been to get away from the palace. There were places in the capital that might take them in. But as they left the palace grounds they could see that fighting extended throughout the city. Over the communication links between the vehicles various people suggested different directions. There were perhaps 20 vehicles, holding 100 or more dancers and other staff from the humsoa, hovering in the air just beyond the palace walls. Someone, maybe the dancemaster, finally made a decision. Each vehicle would go to a different school or humsoa in a different region of the planet. That would ease the burden for any particular place. He methodically directed each vehicle to an appropriate location.
Brinda set the navigation system for their vehicle. They had been assigned to the Napoli School in Darai prefecture. It would be a long trip.
They had left the palace early in the afternoon. Nightfall found them many lems short of their destination. They could have stopped, found a place to stay overnight, and completed the trip in the morning. But no one wanted to stop. Dancers weren't always welcomed.
The sun was rising when the engine changed sound. Mette and Xima, jammed together to try and give Jeroli a little extra space, opened their eyes. 
Mette reached out and shook Brinda's shoulder, "Do you need to contact the school?"
Brinda looked confused as she tried to remember where they were, "Yes. I contacted them yesterday, said we were coming. I gave them an estimated arrival time. I guess I should let them know we are almost there."
Mette's movement had awakened Karolus and Jeroli. Kara was still asleep.
Jeroli shifted uncomfortably, "Are we there yet?" It was an old joke he used any time they traveled.
Xima laughed, "Actually, this time, yes we are. How are you doing?"
"Sore and stiff. Much as expected." He looked out the window at wide, flat plains of purple grass. Winter frosts hadn't yet killed these fields. "Do you suppose they will feed us?"
Kara was now awake, "Hopefully they will not make us perform first." She looked around at the others, "Mette. Where is Pánfilo? Did he go in a different vehicle?"
Mette looked down, "Pánfilo died in the explosion."
The others offered their sympathy for her loss. Pánfilo and Mette had not been very popular with the other dancers but no one wished them harm. Pánfilo had used his great height to intimidate many of those smaller than he but, to Mette, the smallest dancer in the humsoa, he was a protector and friend. While she was the smallest, he was the tallest. As if that weren't enough he wore his hair, dyed bright red and tipped with black, swept up into a crest to make himself look even taller. 
Brinda had gotten a response from the Napoli School, "Good news. Breakfast will be waiting for us. The doctor has been notified of Jeroli's injury. And... Oh, yes. Rooms, with real beds, will be available."
The vehicle followed directions to the school's parking area and glided to a stop. The headmaster of Napoli School, easily identified by his suit, was waiting to greet them. Two medical people stood behind him, ready to carry Jeroli into the school.
As they got out of the vehicle the headmaster's eyes fell on Karolus, "I was told to expect five dancers. What is this?"
Mette put her hands on the boy's shoulders, "He is with me. He was separated from his family in the excitement. I will see to him."
"I have rooms, and beds, for five not six."
"He can stay in my room."
The headmaster didn't look convinced. Dance schools were for dancers and this boy was much too short for a dancer. Even the woman protecting him wasn't much more than normal height. Who had let her take colors? "As you wish. The vehicle needs to be put in the garage." He waved an arm in the direction of a building beside the school, "We have heard the palace was attacked and that vehicle has the imperial emblem on it. I do not want it visible, in case of trouble."
After the vehicle was put away the headmaster led them into the school. The doctors took Jeroli to the medical office as the headmaster took the others to the dining hall. The arrival of pledged dancers, from the imperial palace, caused excitement among the students. Even the teachers were excited to greet their colleagues. Mette kept a hand on Karolus to keep him from getting lost or having his presence challenged.
Karolus' presence caused excitement among the students. Students were isolated from their families, and most other outsiders, and he was obviously not a dance student. That a dancer seemed to be protecting him generated considerable speculation.
After breakfast they were led to rooms in a section of the school reserved for staff and visitors. Mette sank onto the bed as soon as the headmaster left. A small bed had been brought into the room for Karolus. 
The boy wandered around the room, marveling at the scale of the furniture and the sparseness of decoration. The walls and ceiling, the furniture and floor, were all wood. There were signs of wear on exposed corners and edges otherwise everything looked well cared for. The rooms he'd seen in the humsoa at the palace had had decorative scrollwork along the ceiling, this one had smooth walls. There were no rugs on the floor or pictures on the walls.
"This room looks a lot like the ones in the palace humsoa. Why is everything made of wood?"
Mette looked up as if noticing the room for the first time. "The schools and humsoas I have been in all seem to be built to the same design. Wood is used because it is alive, unlike stone or metal. People do not spend a lot of time in their rooms, so they are not fancy." Now that the excitement of leaving the palace was over, the grit and dirt from the explosion grated on her skin. "I was going to get cleaned up, get the dust out of my hair, maybe freshen my colors. I suppose you could use a change of clothes. Do you have any preferences?"
The boy shook his head, "No. I'd be happy to pay if someone close to my size has something they can give me. I don't suppose there's anyone here who's very close to my size though."
She smiled, "We can probably get the width without too much trouble, but the length will be more difficult."
There was a knock at the door, "Mette? It is Xima. I was wondering if your friend wanted to get cleaned up. I can take him to the men's lavatory."
"Xima. Come in. We were just discussing that. Xima, this is Karolus. Karolus this is my friend Xima." She stood up, "If you happen to find someone close to his size, he could use a change of clothes. Perhaps something less formal than his suit."
Chapter 5
The travelers spent much of the rest of the day getting cleaned up, figuring out what they had brought with them and what had been left behind, and exercising the kinks out of their bodies. At some point each of them visited Jeroli. Kara, Brinda, and Mette helped each other freshen their colors. Xima let Karolus try freshening the blue paint on his body. Xima then painted some designs on the boy's legs so he could see what it felt like to wear painted skin. 
The dancers were accustomed to spending their days wearing only those garments worn while dancing. Karolus had never seen such an array of colors and patterns as those worn by the teachers, the four visitors, and the senior students. He felt dizzy as he watched them move about the building.
It seemed late when they returned to their rooms for the night. The clocks said it wasn't late, but the travelers were exhausted. Mette settled Karolus in his bed before flopping down on her own. The lights were out. It was time to sleep but neither of them could fall asleep. 
Karolus turned toward Mette's bed, "Mette? What happened to Jeroli? Why can't he walk?"
She stared up at the ceiling in the dark, "An accident. He was practicing. He made a leap, missed his footing, slammed into something. I am told there is internal damage. I do not know anything more."
"Does this happen often?"
"Accidents? I suppose. Some of the moves are awkward. Most accidents are not serious. Some can end your dancing."
"But you dance anyway?"
"It is all I know. It is all most of us know."
"What would you do if you couldn't dance anymore?"
"I do not know." It wasn't something she wanted to think about, even on a good day. "You need to get some sleep. Shut your eyes and think of clear skies and soft breezes."
Mette continued to stare at the ceiling as Karolus fell silent. She hoped he would fall asleep. She hoped he wouldn't have nightmares. After a while she got out of bed and quietly left the room. She made her way to the main dance floor at the middle of the building. Brinda and Xima were there already.
Brinda looked at Mette, "All that white. You just cannot hide in the dark, can you?"
"I am not sure your yellow is much better. Xima's blue works well though." She looked out at the dance floor, "Is Kara coming?" Kara had never liked Pánfilo, or Mette, but snubbing this ritual was extremely rude.
"I do not think so."
"Then..." Mette was having trouble convincing herself to continue, "Let us start."
The three of them moved onto the dance floor in the dim light. As Pánfilo's partner, Mette stood in front of the other two. Slowly, they began the formal movements to commemorate Pánfilo's life and mourn his death. Her heart ached as tears ran down her cheeks. They'd all performed this dance before, many times. But this was the first time they'd done it for a close friend.
Karolus had wakened when Mette left the room. He followed her as she made her way toward the center of the building. Now he sat on the edge of the dance floor and wept quietly for his nurse and the others who had died in the explosion. He remembered when all the dancers from the royal humsoa had performed this dance in memory of the emperor's mother. Many people had cried as they watched. But this performance was different, the three dancers were mourning one of their own. 
When the dance was finished, Mette and the others stood in the middle of the floor with their heads bowed. Then they quietly stepped apart to return to their rooms. As she walked off the dance floor Mette leaned down, "Karolus. Come back to bed. You need to sleep."
Neither of them said anything until the door to the room had closed behind them. Then Karolus looked up at the pale figure next to him, "That was for your partner, Pánfilo?"
"Yes. And since you were also there, your nurse and the others you have lost."
"Why wasn't Kara there?"
"You need to go to bed."
Karolus dutifully sat down on the edge of his bed, "Are you going to dance for the rest of the dead?"
"Tomorrow afternoon. Students and teachers from the school will join us." Mette gently pushed the boy onto his back and pulled the blanket over him, "Sleep now."
Morning arrived and Mette arose feeling even more exhausted than when she'd lain down. Karolus was still asleep so she used the time to send her garments through the laundry unit in the room. She didn't notice when the boy opened his eyes.
Karolus lay in bed watching her. There was something comforting about being with her, however unlike Mearra Soo she might be. He was conscious of the dye Xima had applied to his legs as he noticed that Mette's entire body was painted. Even the parts of her body normally covered by her dance garments were painted and patterned. He closed his eyes as she turned toward him.
"Karolus? I have been asked by one of the teachers to help in her class. Her students are about your age. You may stay here today or you may come with me. You can give me your decision after breakfast."
Karolus had no great desire to spend the day alone. There were neither books nor entertainment units in the room. And several of the adults had made it clear they didn't like having him there. 
After breakfast he simply followed Mette to the classroom. She led the way from the dining room down a hall, up a set of stairs, and down another hall toward the back of the building. The stairs weren't as tall here and benches along the hall were lower, as if designed for shorter people. Everything he saw was made of wood. Karolus couldn't tell how it was all held together.
There were six children, boys and girls, in the room when they arrived. The teacher was an old woman, with wrinkled skin, who no longer wore her colors. Mette bowed to her and signaled Karolus to do the same. 
"Mette. I see you have started training this boy already."
"Mistress Lyra. He only recently came into my care. I apologize for his lack of manners."
Mistress Lyra smiled and laughed, "What name does he use?"
"Karolus."
"I already have another Karolus here. Perhaps I will call this new one 'Karolus The Short'." She didn't wait for a reply as she rapped a long stick against the floor, "Places."
The other students had already spent several years in the school, putting them far ahead of Karolus in understanding what was required. His movements were clumsy and his timing was off. But he was accustomed to being complimented on things he did, even when they weren't quite right. The first time Mistress Lyra rapped him across the calves with her long stick he nearly turned to hit her. The frown on Mette's face warned him against doing anything so foolish.
After four hours of placing his feet precisely and holding his arms at just the right angle, Karolus was ready to quit. He was more than ready to break for the mid-day meal. Mette stayed behind to thank Mistress Lyra for letting her bring the boy to class. Though he had other things he wanted to say about how the class had been conducted, Karolus took the hint and offered his thanks to the teacher.
As they left the classroom Mette looked down at him, "You did well. You have been invited to rejoin the class, if you wish, as long as we stay here."
Karolus wasn't certain this was a good thing but he had other questions, "Why is Lyra addressed as mistress? No one else seems to have a title."
"Mistress Lyra is the dancemaster for the school. Those in her classes are among the best in the school."
"What does a dancemaster do? How is it different from headmaster?"
Mette stared down at the boy as she decided how to phrase her answers. "A dancemaster is in charge of all the dance teachers. She decides how students will be taught the dances and how the dances will be performed. A headmaster takes care of the other things needed to run the school."
"Like the other teachers?"
"Yes. And arranging for food and medical care and repairs to the building." She paused to make sure he was listening, "Both the dancemaster and headmaster can discipline students. They are the ones who decide if a student can stay or should be sent home."
Karolus squirmed a little at the thought of being sent away, "Oh."
Chapter 6
Afternoon classes were canceled or rescheduled as everyone assembled at the main dance floor. The formal Dance of Mourning was to be performed. Most of the teachers and older students would participate along with their visitors. Jeroli was one of a few injured or elderly dancers allowed to sit for the performance. Though Jeroli still wore his colors, they were faded, as if he'd been sick for some time. Karolus found a place to stand, with some of the youngest students, where he could see the floor. 
The four visitors were in front. Behind them were the teachers who still wore colors. Next were the senior students who had recently taken colors. At the back were the students who would soon choose their colors. Younger students stood behind a low wall that enclosed the dance floor.
The headmaster stepped forward. "This afternoon we dance to commemorate the lives, and honor the deaths, of those recently killed in the fighting in the city of Sampara. I ask you all to honor the dance with your silence." The headmaster stepped off the floor and music started.
Xima and Kara began the dance. The others gradually joined in until they were all moving with the music. The dance floor became a sea of slowly moving color.
Karolus had watched this dance from a distance, at the palace, and in the dark, the night before. Now, from his place at the edge of the floor, he could reach out to touch the dancers as they passed. And he could see that some of them were crying as they danced.
The dance lasted almost an hour. When it was finished the dancers stood, with bowed heads, until dismissed by the headmaster. Many whose eyes had been dry when they started now had streaks running down their cheeks. The headmaster announced an hour break before classes resumed. 
Karolus followed Mette back to their room. He could see the tears on her face just as he felt those in his own eyes. He wrapped his arms around her, burying his face against her belly. She held him and let him sob for the friends and family he'd lost in the attack on the pavilion.
The next two days were quiet. Karolus followed Mette to the dance classes with Mistress Lyra. He sat in on a few other classes on history, mathematics, and literature when the teachers didn't object. He discovered the tall teachers were less apt to object to his presence than the few who were normal height. As people left the dining room after the evening meal on the fourth day, the headmaster called Mette aside.
"That... creature with you. It must go."
"It is a boy. A boy who has lost much of his family in the fighting."
"Then find its remaining family and get rid of it. I do not want it here in case of trouble."
"And if there is no family left?"
"I do not care. I want it gone. You should go with it."
Mette bowed to the headmaster, not trusting herself to speak, and returned to her room.
She entered the room to find the boy sitting in the over-large chair, at the over-tall table, reading. "Karolus, I need to ask you some questions."
He looked up, expectant.
"Were all of your family in the pavilion?"
He shook his head.
"Do you know where, what province or planet, you might still have family?"
His concern was mounting, "I can pay the school to stay here. I am not without money."
She shook her head, "Money is not the issue. The headmaster has requested I return you to your family."
"Why? Why can't I stay here with you?"
Mette looked down, she had no answer for him, "Do you know where your family might be?" He started to say something, but she hushed him, "I do not need to know their names. I do not need, or want, to know your family name. If I do not know, I cannot accidentally tell someone who should not know."
Karolus sagged. He had grown fond of the dancer, "My father was not in the pavilion. He had gone to Astera."
Mette nodded. The emperor and many of his staff had gone to Astera the day before the party. "Then we need to get you to Astera to join him."
Chapter 7
Mette didn't have much money. Dancers were provided a place to stay, food to eat, medical care, and clothing as long as they lived in a school or humsoa. There was little need to give them any additional money. When she'd gone to the palace from Astri Platform two years earlier, she'd spent most of what little she'd saved on the ticket. Now, it looked like she was going back to Astera, where she and Pánfilo had been students.
Her first stop, for advice, was Jeroli's bedside. He was older and wiser. And he, unlike Kara, seemed to like her.
Jeroli looked up as she entered his room, "Mette, good of you to come and see me."
She hated seeing her friend idled like this, "Jeroli, has the doctor said if you will be able to dance again?"
"It does not look promising. But you. You do not look pleased about something. Perhaps having to do with Karolus?"
Mette hung her head, "The headmaster has told me to take him back to his family."
"Not unexpected. But?"
"He says he has family on Astera."
Jeroli studied the backs of his hands, "Astera. No one closer?"
Mette shook her head, "I do not have that much money."
"The headmaster did not offer to pay?"
"I have not asked. But he does not like the boy. And he does not seem to like me much either."
Jeroli's wry smile said what his words didn't, "I expect your dear friend, Kara, has something to do with that. She still blames you and Pánfilo for her friend not getting a position with the humsoa."
Kara wasn't the only one who thought Pánfilo and Mette had bribed their way into the position in the royal humsoa. Mette had been as shocked as anyone when they were announced winners of the competition. But how anyone thought a dancer would have enough money to bribe a noble, she had no idea. Kara had been so upset by her friend losing, she and two of her friends had tried to take it out on the much smaller Mette, in the middle of the dance floor, on her second day in the humsoa. Pánfilo had heard the argument and come to her aid. Six dancers, including Mette, Pánfilo, and Kara were disciplined by the dancemaster. The first few months in the royal humsoa had been very uncomfortable for Mette as Pánfilo started, and finished, a number of arguments. Most of them involved whether or not the petite Mette had any right to be there. Jeroli and Tyr had stepped in to quiet many of the rumors and arguments.
Mette looked away from Jeroli as she tried to figure out a polite way to beg him for money. But as she turned back to face him he simply handed her his credit sticks, "I will not be needing anything for a while. I am not sure it is enough for two tickets, but it may help."
"Thank you. I will pay you back."
"Do not worry about the money. Send me a competent doctor." Jeroli paused to study his useless legs, "You know Karolus has been up to visit me several times. He seems fascinated by dancing, dancers, and humsoas. He has also asked why the doctors have not fixed me."
"He has offered to pay for the clothes he was given. And to stay here. I suppose if you have money you do not understand why you cannot pay for everything to be fixed."
"Be careful about letting him pay for anything. You do not know if someone is looking for him, to harm him."
"I will keep that in mind." Mette looked at the credit sticks in her hand, "Would you know which is the closest commercial port?"
"We are in Darai?"
She nodded.
"I think the closest port is in Sensai. A couple of hours away using private transport. A lot longer if the headmaster makes you take public transports."
Mette stayed to talk with Jeroli for another hour. Then she visited Xima and Brinda to ask for money. When she got back to her room she laid the sticks on the table, added her own, and started counting up the credits. Karolus watched her with mounting concern.
"What's wrong?"
"I am trying to figure out how much more I need to get both of us to Astera. Right now I think I have enough for one of us, if we do not eat."
"I can pay. You don't have to pay. I have money."
"If I let you pay, anyone who might be looking for you, whether they want to help you or hurt you, will know where you are and where you are going. They would even know who you were traveling with. Thank you. But I do not think it is a good idea for you to pay now. If we make it to your family, then, perhaps, we can discuss repaying my friends."
Karolus hung his head, "Maybe I should go alone."
"I do not think sending you to Astera alone is a good idea. Anyway, the headmaster wants me to leave also."
"What? Why? You're a dancer, why wouldn't they let you stay?"
Mette shrugged, "I think we need to be ready to leave after breakfast. Pack up what you want to take with you and get some sleep. Tomorrow may be a long day."
Chapter 8
After breakfast they said their goodbyes and walked out the front door of the school to catch the public transport to Sensai. Jaroli had managed to contact a friend of his at the dance school in Sensai. If they could get there, they could stay at the school until getting passage to Astera.
Mette and Karolus stepped out into the cold of a winter morning. They had crossed the equator to reach Darai prefecture, trading summer for winter. The thermal controls in their clothes kicked in almost instantly to keep their bodies warm. But their faces and hands were still exposed to the cold air.
Darai was a farming area. The Napoli School was on the edge of the largest town in the prefecture but, as Karolus looked up and down the street, he was amazed at the emptiness around them. Empty fields stretched from the back doors of the buildings along the street to the horizon. He had never seen such a flat, featureless landscape. Mette led the way down the empty street to the tiny transport station. No one else was in the station so she purchased tickets from a kiosk. Then the two of them sat and waited. When the transport arrived Mette led Karolus on board and found them seats. He noticed the way the other passengers stared at her. 
The transports they took were locals. They made numerous stops as the vehicles zigzagged back and forth across the prefecture on their way toward Sensai. They had to change transports twice, waiting an hour or more at each transfer. Karolus wanted to scream at the people on the transports and in the stations, they were being rude to Mette with their stares and comments. But she kept signaling him to keep quiet, to ignore the rudeness.
It was late when they finally reached Sensai. The sun hovered just above the horizon, lending a red glow to the buildings near the transport station. Sensai was much larger than Darai and there were automated local transports available to take people to their destinations. But they needed to know which routes served the area near the school before they could select a vehicle. Since she had no idea where in Darai the school was located, Mette approached a man  to ask for directions. He turned to look up at her, stared for a moment, then walked away without answering. A woman with a small child took one look at Mette's painted face and hurried away. Another man leered at her and offered to take her someplace "private". Finally, a young woman looked up at the painted face and smiled. Then she offered to take them to the school in her vehicle. It was a generous offer. Sadly, the vehicle hadn't been designed for someone of Mette's size, making it an uncomfortable trip for her.
Karolus disliked silence. He chatted with the woman about what she did, what Sensai was like, and many other things. Mette smiled, even as she worried he might say something he shouldn't.
When Mette offered to pay for the ride the woman smiled again, "The next time you dance in mourning, please think of my mother. She was a wonderful person. She was killed in an accident last year. I don't have the money to hire anyone to dance for her."
Mette bowed, "Of course. What is her name?"
"Orisa. She was short and round and liked to sing." Karolus saw tears in the woman's eyes.
As they got out of the woman's vehicle Mette bowed to her again, "We thank you for your kindness. The next time I dance in mourning I will remember Orisa and her love of song. Thank you."
Karolus followed Mette's lead and bowed to the woman to thank her. It seemed odd to him to bow to a stranger of unknown status.
The gatekeeper at Karpati School didn't question Mette's request for entrance. Her height and colors spoke for her. He did raise an eyebrow when he saw Karolus. Mette simply put her hand on his shoulder. The gatekeeper nodded and stepped aside to let them in.
The headmaster of the school arrived to greet them, a smile on his face, "You must be Mette and Karolus, Jeroli's friends. Welcome to Karpati School. Please let me show you to your rooms."
Mette bowed, "Jeroli told me he had a friend here. He did not say his friend was the headmaster."
The headmaster laughed, "Jeroli probably did not tell you my name either, did he?"
She smiled, "No. But our departure was sudden."
"So I heard. My name is Christos. Please. Come in. Make yourselves comfortable. I understand Karolus is showing some interest in dance and has shown considerable knowledge of philosophy. We would be happy to have him join any classes he wishes to attend. And for you Mette, we seldom have pledged dancers visit our humble school. We would love to have you help in classes. But first, please let me show you to your rooms. By the way, have you eaten yet?"
After being shown to the guest rooms, and eating, and talking with the headmaster, various teachers, and students, the travelers were finally allowed to go to bed. 
Early the next morning Mette knocked on the door of Karolus' room.
"Karolus? Are you awake? It is almost time for breakfast."
A groggy Karolus opened the door, "Mette? Is it morning already?"
She smiled, "Yes. Did you want to attend dance class this morning? If not, I think there are also classes in history, literature, mathematics, and philosophy being taught."
"Which ones would I be welcome in?"
"Here, I think all of them. If you are concerned, I will ask." After the treatment he had received at Napoli School, Mette understood his hesitance.
"What class will you go to?"
"While I enjoyed my classes in philosophy, mathematics, and history. I will probably go to one of the dance classes to help there."
"I guess I'm not a very good dancer. Maybe I'll go to the history class, if they'll let me."
"Your skill as a dancer is not a concern. If you wish to attend a dance class, you will be welcome."
Karolus smiled up at Mette, "Why are you so nice to me?"
"You have lost your family. I, and all the other dancers, have also lost family. We understand something of how you feel."
In the afternoon the Dance of Mourning was performed. This time, as the only visiting dancer, Mette was in front with one of the teachers. After the performance, people returned to their classes. Karolus went to the philosophy class. Mette went to talk with Christos.
In the lull after the evening meal, Karolus went to Mette's room. He found her lying on the bed, staring at the ceiling, tears running down her cheeks.
"Mette? What's wrong? Why are you crying?"
She sat up and wiped the tears away, "My apologies. What may I do for you?"
"I was just wondering why this school is so different from the other one. People here are actually being nice to me. Even the teachers."
She wanted to laugh, "Christos expects it. The students and teachers follow his lead. Just as those at Napoli School follow the lead of their headmaster. When the students reach a point where they will be headmaster, then they will copy the manner of their old headmaster." She watched him for a while to see if he understood. "There is a ship leaving for Astera in three days. Christos has offered to help pay for our tickets." She smiled, "We will even be able to eat."
The boy had trouble hiding his excitement, "Three days? Then I will see my father soon?"
"This is a commercial ship, not a private yacht. The journey will be far slower. I am told it will be almost 60 days before the ship reaches Astera."
Karolus' face showed his disappointment even as he tried to hide it, "Why was the Dance of Mourning performed today? Why wasn't there music, like at Napoli?"
Mette tried to think of an appropriate way of explaining it, "We are visitors. We have lost family, friends. There is unrest in many areas of Sampos. Many people have been killed." It didn't really explain why the dance was performed. But she wasn't willing to explain all the reasons and she wasn't sure someone as young as Karolus would understand. "As to music, students sometimes find it easier to keep time with the music. It is seldom used for the dances otherwise."
Karolus thought over the explanation, not satisfied but not knowing what to question, "What will we do on the ship for so long?"
"It will probably not be an exciting trip. Perhaps we should ask if Christos will let you take some textbooks." Mette certainly hoped it would be a quiet trip. "Do you have any implants that identify who you are?"
He thought for a minute, "Yes. I think so."
"Then tomorrow we will talk to the doctor and see if it can be removed or disabled. For this trip, you will be my son. We do not need anyone to identify you otherwise until we reach your father's home."
Karolus nodded. 
Mette watched the emotions playing across the boy's face. This could be a very long trip indeed. "Tell me about the classes you attended today."
Chapter 9
In the morning the doctor disabled the implant identifying Karolus before sending him off to class. The implant could be re-enabled later but, in the meantime, most scans wouldn't be able to find it. Mette was warned against letting anyone with a military-grade scanner check the boy before they reached their destination.
The night before they were to leave Mette helped Karolus pack a reading slate and a selection of textbooks along with a change of clothes. One of the cooks had even given him some sweets to take along. Mette tried to explain what he should expect for the transit based on her trip from Astri Platform to Sampos. But as she watched his face she could see he didn't really understand. What she was talking about seemed to be too far removed from what he was used to. Finally she went back to pack her things. Then she went to see Christos.
It was late when Mette returned to her room. She expected it to be dark and empty. She stepped through the door, with bowed head and closed eyes. Tears streamed down her face. Karolus' exclamation caught her by surprise.
"Mette? What happened? Your colors? What happened to your colors?"
Mette braced herself as she tried to stop her tears, "My colors were removed."
"Why?"
"It was felt... It would be better... That you would be safer if you traveled with a disgraced dancer than one wearing colors."
Karolus stood in front of Mette, his mouth agape. The dance garments that had matched her color and pattern now stood out against her unpainted skin. Her black hair, which had been swept up and tipped with blue to form a crest above her head, now hung down, framing her face, and no longer had blue tips. There were no dark traceries on her face, or elsewhere on her body. She was simply an over-tall, slender woman with black hair and blue eyes.
"Will you put your colors on again when we get to Astera?"
"Right now, you need to get some sleep. We leave before breakfast."
"But Mette."
"What?"
Karolus took her long fingers in his small hand. The color of her unpainted skin was very similar to his, "I'm sorry. I promise to do as you say."
She knelt down so she could look in his face, "Why did you come to my room?"
"I couldn't sleep. I'm worried. I heard someone talking. There are soldiers at the space port. Not imperial soldiers. They're stopping people. Checking for royals and sympathizers."
"I know. If you do as I say, we should be fine. I will get you to your father."
It took her another hour to convince him to go to bed and sleep. She sat next to his bed until she was sure he was asleep. Then, instead of returning to her room, she went out to the main dance floor.
Chapter 10
Christos was at Mette's door almost two hours before breakfast would be served to the students and staff. He brought some food they could eat on the way to the space port as well as food for their trip. Then he hurried them into his private vehicle, without school markings, and took them to the space transport station.
Soldiers in unfamiliar uniforms prowled the passenger areas. Karolus was frightened. He couldn't decide if he should hide behind Mette or not. His uneasiness and her height attracted the attention of a couple of soldiers. They came over to stare and cause trouble.
"Why's the brat so nervous? You'd think he was hiding a bomb."
The other soldier laughed, "Hey. Maybe the kid is really the emperor's brat and he hired some washed up dancer as nanny." Both soldiers thought this was funny.
"Maybe the kid ain't a kid. Maybe the kid is really the emperor."
"No! I got it! The woman ain't really a woman. She's the emperor!"
Mette stood quietly, holding Karolus by the shoulders, as the soldiers held their sides and laughed. The scene attracted the attention of other travelers as well as an army officer.
The officer walked up, displeased at the scene his men were creating, "What's going on here?"
The soldiers snapped to attention, "Sir. Sorry sir. We were just having some fun."
"You aren't here to amuse yourselves. You have a job to do." He looked up at Mette then down at Karolus. "Who's the child?"
"My son."
"Where are you going?"
"Astera."
"A long trip. Why are you going to Astera?"
"We were here visiting. We are going home."
The officer stared at Karolus, in borrowed clothes that didn't quite fit, trying to decide if he looked like he was related to the emperor. "Where on Astera?"
"Deshanti province."
"I've been there. Lovely area this time of year. Warm, soft rains, lots of flowers. A really nice place."
Mette raised an eyebrow, "I did not think I had been gone so long that the weather had changed that much. When last I was there, the summer brought scorching heat and strong winds."
The officer smiled, "Just checking. Have a good trip."
She bowed, and because of his position in front of her, forced the boy to bow. The soldiers seemed satisfied as they walked away. She waited a minute or two for the tremors to fade from Karolus' body. Then she led him toward the check-in kiosk for the carriage up to the ship.
They found places in the ascent carriage. Most people liked to stand near the windows and watch the sky change from blue to black as the carriage climbed the thread out of atmosphere. Because of her height, Mette had picked a more central location where there was a wall at her back. This meant Karolus would see little more than the backs of other passengers. He wasn't pleased but her hands were clamped on his shoulders. He didn't dare complain.
There were almost 200 people in the carriage when it began the four hour ascent. The ship was parked at the top of the thread, sending other carriages with passengers and cargo down to Sampos as it accepted those coming up. Mette stood, with her hands on Karolus' shoulders and her back to the wall, for the entire trip. Some of the other passengers stared at her as they wandered past, others seemed to think she was part of the decoration. Few of them seemed to notice the small boy standing in front of her.
Karolus was tired, anxious, and excited when they reached the ship. The shipboard check-in process, in all its tedium, further taxed his patience. By the time they found their cabin the boy was ready to run the length of the ship, just for something to do. Instead Mette shoved him into their cabin and shut the door.
"I want to go out."
"No. Not now."
"I want to go out and see what the ship looks like."
"Not now." Mette was no less stressed but she'd seen something that bothered her. She wanted a few minutes to calm herself before exploring the ship.
"But..."
"No. Right now you will do the exercises you have been taught."
"I don't want to." His pout was impressive.
"I do not care. You promised to do as I say."
Karolus turned his back to her and crossed his arms. He didn't want to stay in the cabin and do any silly exercises. He wanted to do something, anything, that involved action.
Mette opened their bags and started putting things away. The cabin was big enough that she could stand up straight and stretch her arms out to her sides. It had two beds, a small lavatory, and some drawers built into the wall. There was no table, no entertainment unit, and no chair. Both of the beds were almost long enough for her. This trip might be better than her trip to Sampos when all she could afford was a too-short sleeping slot.
Her voice remained calm, "I need to do the exercises. I would like it if you would join me."
Karolus turned to face her. Without the paint she looked younger. But, without the paint, her fatigue was more obvious. He could see dark circles under her eyes. He sat down on one of the beds as Mette sat on the other. They spent the next hour practicing their breathing. Then they went out to explore the ship.
Because it was so large, the ship was divided into zones. If you paid a lot for your ticket, you got a large cabin, in a nice section of the ship, with access to nice shops and restaurants. If you paid the minimum, you got a sleeping slot instead of a cabin and access to only the minimum quality of shops and services. Christos' help had allowed Mette to purchase tickets for one of the smaller cabins. 
Hallways and public areas maintained the same quasi-midday lighting all the time. Cabins could be set to whatever day length and time schedule a passenger preferred. Mette took a few minutes to re-program the day cycle for the cabin. She wanted to be on the correct daylight schedule when they arrived on Astera. Because she didn't know precisely where the boy's father was, she set the schedule for Deshanti province. She hoped they wouldn't need to go to Deshanti but, she needed to pick something for the schedule.
Mette led Karolus to one of the four observation walkways that ran the length of the ship. The walkways let passengers view nearby stars and planets or simply get some exercise. Since the ship was still attached to the thread, many of the passengers were on the planet side where they could see Sampos laid out below. Clouds could be seen, and oceans, continents, and even some of the larger islands. Cities, and the fighting in them, were not identifiable. 
Karolus pressed himself close to the view ports as Mette tried to keep track of him. She hadn't seen any soldiers aboard the ship, but there might be agents ready to snatch him away from her. She didn't know how important a boy like Karolus might be to those who had attacked the palace. After the ship detached from the thread and began its journey to the next world, people moved away from the view ports. Once the walkways were fairly empty she let the boy run up and down, yelling to hear his voice echo. She raced alongside him, in part to relieve her own tension.
After a light evening meal, purchased from a vending machine, Mette took Karolus back to the cabin. The hallway was empty. The cabin was quiet. The lights had dimmed and the clock indicated it was late in Deshanti's day cycle. Time for both of them to go to bed. 
Karolus climbed onto his bed, still excited from the day, "I saw an exercise area for this section. Will you go there to practice your dancing?"
"No. For this trip, I am not a dancer. I wear no colors. I am not allowed to dance."
"But, why not?"
"I would be arrested."
"Why?"
"I do not know why. I do not make the rules. I only know I am not allowed to dance where anyone might see me."
"Then you can dance in the room." Karolus' voice had such a hopeful note to it, her heart sank.
"Do you wish me to dance in the room?" The space between the beds was narrow and only a pace or two long.
"Please. For Mearra Soo. For my cousins and friends."
Mette bowed her head as she remembered how she had found Pánfilo, how she had found Karolus. "As you wish. It will not be the full Dance of Mourning. I am only one."
She stood in the middle of the small cabin and began the formal steps while trying to imagine a whole troupe of dancers beside her. Tears streamed down her face from fatigue, and grief, and the stress of this journey. When she finished she closed her eyes and bowed her head to calm herself.
Mette opened her eyes to look down at the boy, "And this dance is for us. To help protect us in our travels."
The second dance was different, quicker, and Karolus was curious, "What is that dance? I've not seen anything like it before."
"It is the Dance for Protection. It is said... If done correctly, with the right frame of mind, it will protect those in danger."
"Does it work?"
"I do not know. I have not needed it before." Mette looked at the clock on the control panel by the door, "It is late. Now it is time for you to sleep."
"But..."
"No. Sleep. Or I will do the Dance of Unconsciousness and see if it will put us both to sleep."
Chapter 11
The lights in the cabin were bright before Karolus awoke. Mette required him to do dance and breathing exercises with her. Then she made him do lessons assigned by the teachers at Karpati School before she allowed him out of the cabin.
They went to the arcade for their section of the ship. Each section had a similar arcade with an array of small shops and restaurants offering entertainment and food. Some arcades even had shops that sold clothing and toys. The more expensive sections of the ship had nicer stores and fancier arcades. The least expensive sections had little more than mechanical vending machines. Section 36, where Mette and Karolus were, was at the inexpensive end of the mid-priced sections of the ship. As such, the arcade had a reasonable selection of shops in a multilevel area. There were ramps and walkways connecting the different levels. There were colorful signs and banners decorating the open areas. There were a few planters filled with flowering plants from the different planets in the empire. Since passengers would be on a variety of schedules, there was always at least one shop of each type open at any time.
They went to a kiosk-style restaurant on the main level of the arcade. The woman who took Mette's order looked at her height, then at Karolus, "You sure you wouldn't like the larger order? Kids are always hungry. It's only another credit for the larger size."
Mette glanced back at the boy, "Are you very hungry right now?"
Karolus wasn't sure if her question had to do with the amount of food or the price, "No. Not very. Why?"
She turned back to the woman at the restaurant, "Thank you. Perhaps tomorrow. We are still adjusting to the change."
They paid for their food and took it to a nearby table. Karolus was fascinated by the crowd. There were people from several planets, each with their own style of dress and speech. He took turns eves-dropping on the different people. Most of the conversations were uninteresting, even when the accents were intriguing. A few conversations left him upset.
Mette watched Karolus as he listened, "It is impolite to listen to the conversations of others."
"They sound so different. Aren't you curious as to what they say?"
"Curiosity can be another problem." She already had a good idea of what some people were saying. She didn't want to know for certain.
They finished their meal and began exploring the shops in the arcade. Karolus wanted to buy any number of things for which they didn't have money. As they left a toy shop the boy blundered into a man who was entering. It seemed harmless but it worried Mette. She'd seen the same man in two of the other shops they'd visited. And, more worrisome, he'd been the last one to enter their carriage on the way up. The one who had made the mad dash across the lobby. The one who almost didn't make it. As she casually scanned the crowd in the arcade she noticed two other people who looked familiar. She began to rethink her plans for the trip.
The first stop on their journey was Ourris. The soldiers who had attacked the palace were from Ourris. This had been a known risk. But neither she, nor Christos, nor Jeroli had seen any way to avoid traveling to Ourris to reach Astera. A private vessel was too expensive for any of them. And, even if they'd had the money, a private vessel would have attracted unwanted attention. A private vessel might have even put them at greater risk.
It could be innocent. Maybe it was just that Mette had a good memory for faces. That she recognized people and remembered where she'd seen them. Or maybe it wasn't innocent. If these people were agents working for Ourris they would be looking for those like Karolus, related to the emperor in some way. She couldn't take the chance if she and the boy were to reach Astera.
Karolus tugged on Mette's tunic, "I want to go to the observation deck."
She looked down at the boy as she put her hand on his shoulder, "Of course. When do you wish to go?"
"Now."
A woman on the other side of Mette laughed, "Mine is the same way. Everything is now and mine. I do hope they grow out of it."
Mette wasn't used to dealing with children. She turned to the woman, "I am glad to hear it is not just my child who is so abrupt. Have you any suggestions?"
The woman made a grab for a small girl dashing toward a toy shop. She missed and the girl screeched gleefully as she ran by, "Sorry, no." The woman dashed after the child, yelling for her to stop.
Mette looked down at the boy who was squirming in her grip, "You promised."
Karolus continued to squirm as he scowled at the floor, "Yes Mum."
"This is a very large ship. I do not want you to get lost."
"Yes Mum."
"Which way is the observation deck?"
Chapter 12
The observation deck was an enormous room that ran almost the entire length of the ship. The ceiling was made of clear panels so people could watch the stars. Small kiosks around the room offered information on the stars and planets that were visible without magnification. For those who disliked using the kiosks, there were stewards to explain what was beyond the ceiling panels. There were several hundred people in the room, but the place looked empty.
Mette knew very little about stars, or space, or space ships despite having lived on Astri Platform for four years. But Karolus knew a lot. He was soon deep in conversation with one of the stewards. Mette looked around the room as he and the steward talked. A woman she had seen in the dining area was there. The man from the toy shop was there. The other man she had seen outside the toy shop was there. She was now convinced they were being followed.
A group of five dancers, their colors showing above the collars of their tunics, entered. As they wandered in one direction and the boy led Mette in another, their paths crossed. Mette tilted her head in acknowledgment as she passed them but said nothing. Karolus noticed their frowns.
As he watched the dancers watching Mette, the boy ran into a couple reading the display at a kiosk. The couple turned around as Karolus and Mette apologized. The man scanned her height and looked over at the dancers, "Are you with them?"
She shook her head, "No. We are not with the dancers."
"But you're a dancer. Why aren't you painted?"
"I am not a dancer. I am merely tall." She took Karolus by the arm and backed away from the couple, "We are sorry to have disturbed you."
She dragged the boy toward an empty section of floor, "You need to pay more attention. You should not run into people that way. It is rude."
"Why did the dancers frown at you like that?"
"I will explain later."
A woman came up behind Mette, "Your group is leaving. You don't want to be left behind."
She turned to face the woman, "Excuse me? Group? What group do you mean?"
The woman pointed at the dancers, "Them."
"No. We are not with the dancers."
"But..."
"I am not a dancer."
The woman stared up at Mette, "But all the people as tall as you are dancers. Aren't they?"
Mette smiled. She hoped her lie would be believed, "I started the training, yes. But my teachers decided I was hopeless. They dismissed me."
"Oh. I'm sorry. I guess." In her confusion the woman started walking away.
Mette looked down at Karolus, "Is there more you wish to see here?"
Though he really wanted to stay for several more hours he shook his head, "No."
Chapter 13
Mette was hungry. She should have paid the extra credit for the larger serving. When they returned to the arcade in Section 36 the restaurant they'd used earlier was closed. Another, with a similar menu, had opened to serve customers. This one charged an extra five credits for the larger serving. She didn't have enough money to pay so much extra. As she waited for their order she looked around at the other people in the arcade. The men who had followed them to the observation deck were not there. But Mette saw a man and a woman she recognized. There was something about them that wasn't quite right. They didn't act like a couple, or even like friends, but they were together.
Karolus chatted about all the things he'd seen on the observation deck. He spoke almost as if Mette hadn't been there. She smiled and tried to think of how they would get back to their cabin without being followed. She'd spent the early part of the morning, before the boy woke up, studying maps of the ship. She hoped she remembered enough.
"You have some lessons to finish. Come." She stood up and extended her hand to the boy.
"Already?" The whine in his voice told her he was tired.
"Yes. Come now."
Karolus got up and placed his hand in Mette's, "What shall we do tomorrow?"
"We can discuss that after you finish your lessons." She started leading him out of the arcade. She used a different path than the one they'd used in the morning.
The boy looked around, confused, "Mum?"
Mette looked down and winked at him. Maybe he'd understand.
"Can we stop to look out the view port as we go?"
"Perhaps."
They stopped at three view ports as they wandered out to the edge of the ship, past their cabin, and back. It didn't look like they were followed. Finally, they reached the cabin and opened the door.
The lighting in the cabin had already dimmed for the night cycle. The bright light from the hallway cast deep shadows in the small room. For a moment she thought someone was there. But as Karolus dashed in the light brightened, chasing away the shadows. She stepped through the door and made sure it was locked.
He noticed her unease, "Mette? What's wrong?"
"I think there are people following us."
"Because of me?"
"Yes."
He thought for a moment, "Why did the dancers frown, like they didn't like you?"
"Dancers take a vow when they take their colors. If they break the vow, their colors are removed."
"Like your colors were removed?"
She nodded, "It is a disgrace to have your colors removed."
"So they thought you did something wrong?"
"Yes."
"What kind of thing?"
"It does not matter." She looked in her bag for some of the food they'd brought along, "You have lessons to do."
Mette ate as she helped Karolus with his lessons. Then, when they were finished, she again danced for protection and to remember the dead. Once he was asleep, she collapsed on her bed. She wished Pánfilo was there to protect her. She wished that Jeroli or Christos or Brinda or Xima were there to help her. She wished she could contact them, ask them what to do. They were older, wiser, than she. They'd know what to do.
Chapter 14
The next day began much the same. Mette took Karolus back to the first restaurant, hoping the same woman would be at the counter. She stepped to the window to place her order and heard a man's voice from the back of the kitchen.
"What would you like?"
She placed an order for the boy then scanned the menu for herself, "Which items do you offer with larger portions?" She was still looking down at the menu when the man stepped to the window. She looked up to see a man of Jeroli's height, with eyes as dark as Pánfilo's, looking back at her.
"Hello there. Mother said you'd probably come back. Sorry I missed you yesterday." His smile was broad, "Mother didn't say you were such a dainty little thing."
Mette was embarrassed. Her cheeks, without paint to hide their redness, burned, "I... I... Your mother?" The woman had been of normal height. She hadn't thought a normal person could have a tall child. And this man was not thin.
The man laughed, "My name's Bartok. Pleased to meet you."
"My name is Mette."
"And the boy? Your son?"
"Karolus."
Bartok eyed her closely, "Yeah. Not your son. And your colors are missing."
Mette was suddenly frightened. If she was that obvious, how would she ever get Karolus to Astera? "What do you mean, about my colors?"
"You are a dancer. The boy's name may be Karolus, but he is not your son. And, I hear there's some trouble on Sampos." He watched Mette as she tried to decide if she should trust him, "Look. I don't want to cause you any problems. If you're running from something, fine. It's not my business. So, what would you like to eat? I can do a larger order of any of it."
She still clutched the counter, unsure if she had enough control of her voice to speak, "I think I will have sarion cakes, with cafa."
Bartok slapped the counter, "An excellent choice. I'll have it ready in just a bit and bring it out to you."
She turned away from the counter and joined the boy at a table.
Karolus was distressed by the expression on her face, "Mum? What's wrong? Did something happen?"
Mette forced herself to calm her expression. Upsetting him wouldn't help anything, "I am sorry. The man at the restaurant looks much like Pánfilo. I was surprised."
"He's a dancer?"
Mette considered Bartok's manner before answering, "I think not."
Just then Bartok walked up to the table, "Hello there. I'm Bartok. Let me see... I'm going to guess at your name... It's coming to me now... Yes! That's it. Karolus. Am I right?"
The boy stared up at the man with his mouth agape.
"Karolus. It is not polite to stare like that. Please close your mouth."
"But Mum..."
"It is not polite to stare."
"But Mum. He looks just like Jeroli. You said he looked like Pánfilo."
Bartok's laughter caused several people to turn and stare. 
"And who are Jeroli and Pánfilo?" Bartok folded himself onto the bench next to Karolus, facing Mette.
Mette responded before Karolus said the wrong thing, "They are friends."
The boy looked up at at the tall man, "You're even as tall as Jeroli. Do you dance?"
Bartok shook his head, "My teachers gave up on me very early in the training. They said I was... incorrigible. I think that's the word. So they sent me home." Karolus was still staring at him. "Come on. Eat. The food is good. It's good for you. And your mother will be upset with me if you don't eat."
Bartok stayed to talk with Mette, and entertain Karolus, while they ate. He told silly jokes that made the boy hold his sides with laughter. He refilled their drinks without asking. And he watched the people around the plaza that Mette couldn't. As he cleared the table he leaned close to her, "You know you're being followed?"
Mette nodded, "I was not certain."
He stood back up and looked down at Karolus, "I bet I know some sections of this ship that you don't. Have you ever seen the control room for a ship like this?"
She looked up at him, "We do not ask you to entertain us. You have your business to run."
"You aren't asking. I'm offering. It's not often I meet such a pretty woman."
Mette looked down as her cheeks burned. 
Karolus tugged at her tunic, "Mum? Please? I'd like to see the control room."
She looked up at Bartok, "You are sure?"
He grinned, "Excellent!" He walked to the window of the restaurant and leaned in, "Mom! I'm taking a break. You have the place." Then he came back, picked up Karolus, put the boy on his shoulder, and offered Mette his arm, "This way, if you please."
They spent the next several hours touring the ship together. Karolus got to visit not only the control room but several other areas of the ship normally restricted to crew. And, from Bartok's shoulder he could see things that otherwise would have been far above his head. Mette couldn't decide if she should be alarmed at Bartok's interest in them or comforted. 
She finally called a halt to the tour, "Bartok we thank you for taking the time from your business to show us around but I am certain your mother would like you to return. Karolus, you have lessons to do. We should return to our cabin."
Bartok swung Karolus off his shoulder as the boy screamed in delight, "As you wish. However. It must be about mealtime. Aren't you both hungry?"
The boy craned his neck to look up at Bartok, "I'm starving. When can we eat?"
Mette sagged. While she was hungry, she'd been hoping for a quieter meal than the one they'd had earlier.
Karolus was now tugging on her tunic, "Mum? I'm hungry. Where can we eat?"
Bartok, being familiar with the ship, was ready to offer several suggestions. He could get them into any of the sections, not just the one they had tickets for. He noticed Mette watching the dancers they'd passed the day before, "How long since you stopped wearing your colors?"
She snapped her attention back to Bartok, "What did you ask?"
"How long's it been, since you gave up your colors?"
"I do not understand."
Bartok saw the distress in her face, "Never mind." He looked down at Karolus, "I can think of several places that might interest you. Do you like candy?"
Chapter 15
It was an eighteen day trip from Sampos to Ourris. With Bartok's help, it was an exciting journey for Karolus. For Mette, though his help was welcome, his uncanny ability to see through her disguise was unsettling.
Each day Mette and Karolus awoke, did exercises and schoolwork, then went by a random path to the arcade to meet Bartok and eat. After eating, they explored the ship together for several hours. They then ate a second meal together before parting ways. Mette and Karolus returned to their cabin, by a different route, to finish whatever lessons the boy hadn't completed earlier. Then before going to bed, she danced in remembrance of the friends they'd lost and for protection. 
Mette and Karolus were in the arcade with Bartok when the ship docked at Ourris. The announcement coincided with one of their watchers accepting a call on his communication device. Bartok watched the man watching them. Something was going to happen soon.
Mette had seen something similar. She looked up at Bartok for help.
Bartok leaned down toward Karolus, "Have you ever seen Ourris from dock?"
The boy shook his head.
"Then let's go! What're we waiting for?" Bartok stood up, swung the boy onto his shoulder, and helped Mette get up from her seat.
She shook her head, "Life will seem so dull to him when we get home. How will he adjust?"
Bartok laughed as he led Mette away from the arcade.
The walkways were crowded with passengers eager to view the planet below. While Sampos had been a study in blue and purple, the sphere of Ourris was decorated with blue-green oceans, vast tracts of red-hued plants arrayed against a darker red ground, and wispy white clouds. People on the walkways pointed out various features of the planet to each other as they tried to locate the cities.
From his perch on Bartok's shoulder Karolus could see the thread used by carriages on their way to and from the ship. "Look at all the carriages coming up. There must be a lot of people getting on here. I don't see any carriages going down though."
The boy's voice carried across the crowd. Several people looked around to identify the speaker. They could see a boy sitting on a tall man's shoulder where he had a much better view of the thread than anyone else and they worried. But they weren't sure they should accept a child's enthusiasm as truth.
The usual travel time up or down the thread was four hours for passengers and two hours for cargo. The first carriage up from Ourris clamped onto the ship less than two hours after leaving the surface. Soldiers appeared in the public areas only minutes later. Some people, startled by seeing soldiers on a commercial transport, screamed and tried to run away. Others ignored the soldiers. Within an hour, a total of ten carriages delivered almost 2,000 soldiers to the ship. Though the soldiers had weapons at the ready none were discharged and no passengers were injured.
Bartok led them away from the observation walkways shortly before the first carriage docked. As they wandered back through the crowd he could see the agents still following them. Bartok and Mette were so much taller than the people around them, it made them easy to follow. That same height made it possible for them to move much faster.
As the crowds thinned they increased their speed from a gentle amble to a purposeful stride. The agents following them had trouble keeping up as the pair skipped up stairs and strode down halls. Once in a while Mette would pause to look in the window of a shop, as if this were her normal pace and she wasn't hiding from anyone. Their escape lasted until they reached the arcade in an expensive section of the ship. They slowed down, as if to window shop. Bartok kept Karolus on his shoulder, like a father entertaining his child. When the agents finally caught up, they were gasping for breath.
Mette and Bartok ducked through the door of a shop selling candies and other sweets. They stepped back out, purchases in hand, Karolus between them, to be met by two men, still breathing hard.
"Why did you try to evade us?"
Bartok and Mette looked at one another then back at the men straining to catch their breath, "Evade you? What are you talking about?"
"We've followed you. From the observation walkways at Section 34."
Bartok looked at Mette, "Were we that far down the ship?"
Mette shrugged, "I was not paying attention."
The younger of the two agents was getting his breath back, "The child. Whose child is it?"
Bartok looked down at the man as if he were an imbecile, "Ours, of course."
"But he's normal. Not tall."
Bartok scowled at the agent, "He's our child. That he's abnormally short should be of no concern to you."
"But..." The older man was recovering his breath, "He looks like Emperor Mirabilis' son, Karolus."
Bartok leaned over to look the man in the face, "And you look like my cousin, Kan. Right down to the beady little eyes and the lying tongue. Now leave us alone before I forget my manners."
Both men started backing away, even as they continued to protest, "We need to test him. We need to make sure he isn't the emperor's son. If he's not you'll be allowed to continue, we'll leave you alone."
Bartok advanced on them as they backed up. Finally, they turned and ran. Bartok stood where he was and watched them leave. The scene had attracted the attention of other people in the arcade. Several nodded toward the tall man, smiles tugging at their lips.
Mette and Karolus had found seats at a table in the middle of the arcade where they could watch, or run, as Bartok confronted the agents. She watched the agents run away from Bartok. As soon as he stopped pursuing them, they came to a halt at the edge of the plaza. They stopped with their backs to an enormous planter filled with bright green flowers and red-leaved trees. There they waited. From where she sat it looked as if the men were wearing the flowers on their heads.
Bartok took a seat across the table from Mette, "They're still there aren't they?"
She nodded, "Bartok. I am not a fighter. If this becomes a fight, I do not know what to do."
He smiled, "Then we'll try to avoid getting into a fight." He looked down at the boy, "I wish we knew whose side they were on. If they work for the emperor, it would be easier to turn him over."
Koralus responded by snuggling closer to Mette. Though he liked the big man, he wasn't sure he could be trusted.
Mette wrapped her arm around the boy as he moved closer, "How long will they keep the ship at dock?"
Bartok pawed through the candy they'd bought looking for something, "Hmm? Oh. They can't actually delay the ship. Planetary governments can make a lot of noise, a show of force, whatever, but they aren't allowed to delay commercial transports. Ourris sent up the soldiers, probably grabbed a few passengers, then had to send the soldiers back almost immediately. I suspect the soldiers are all on the way back to the surface by now."
Mette was puzzled, "Then why send up so many?"
"It looks impressive. Scares the passengers. Makes the few abductions they do easier."
Karolus was licking the wrapper from a particularly gooey treat, "How do you know this?"
"Ah. Well. My family has had a business concession on this ship for 70 years. And, when you have a concession, it's to your benefit to know all the rules."
The boy cocked his head to one side, "I don't believe you."
Mette was shocked, "Karolus. It is not polite to call someone a liar."
He looked up at her, "I'm sorry Mum. I didn't say he was a liar. I said I didn't believe him."
Bartok laughed, "An important difference. But, what I said was true."
"Then you're the lawyer for the concession?" Though Karolus had framed it as a question, he spoke it as a fact.
Bartok inclined his head toward the boy, "And will you be the lawyer for your family?"
Karolus considered the question seriously, "I think not. Recent events have changed things."
Mette wanted to change the subject, quickly. She looked at what remained of the sweets, "I think we should find something more nutritious to eat."
Bartok smiled and winked at Karolus as he stood up, "Leave it to mothers to spoil all the fun." He swung Karolus back onto his shoulder as he helped Mette up, "There's a place right around the corner. Food is good. Prices are reasonable, even for someone of my size."
Mette cleared the candy wrappers and other debris from the table and tossed it all in a garbage container. Then she joined Bartok and Karolus for the short walk to the restaurant. As they turned the corner, she happened to glance back toward where they had been sitting. The two agents were digging through the trash for something. She signaled to Bartok so he could see what they were doing.
Bartok turned in time to see the younger man pull something from the trash with a yell. Then the two men dashed away. 
Bartok shook his head, "I guess they have DNA for all of us now. Do I want to know who you two really are?"
Mette looked up at him, "I was a dancer in the Royal Humsoa of Karenth. Our patron is the Emperor Mirabilis. I found Karolus as I was leaving... there had been an explosion. My partner was killed."
"Why didn't you just go into hiding? Why risk a trip like this?"
Mette hung her head, "We went to a school in another province. The headmaster objected to the boy. And me. We were told to leave. The next place had a similar problem with us." It was only half a lie. She hoped the tall man believed all of it and didn't ask for any more explanations.
"So you were stripped of your colors and sent packing?" Bartok wrapped an arm around her shoulders, "Sounds kinda harsh if you ask me. However. It'll only take them a few hours to figure out all that. And more. In the meantime, I'm hungry."
Chapter 16
As they neared the restaurant they were startled by a loud roar, "Bartok! When did you come on board? And who's the pretty little lady?" Mette looked up to see a man of Bartok's size, with graying hair, standing in front of the restaurant with a grin on his face and his arms wide. 
Bartok put Karolus on the floor next to Mette. Then he stepped forward to embrace the man, "Uncle Alan! Good to see you. This is Mette. The little one is Karolus."
"What? You've got a family and you never told me?" Alan grinned as he turned to Mette, "Don't believe anything he's told you about me. It's all lies. Welcome to the family."
As they ate Bartok and Alan caught up on family news. Mette tried not to listen too closely to what they said as she tried to get Karolus to eat. She was about to give up when Alan turned his attention to the boy.
Alan growled at the boy, "What's the matter? You don't like my cooking?"
Mette watched Karolus play with his food, "I think he had too much candy."
Alan slapped the tabletop with his enormous hand, "That's no excuse. He's a growing boy. He needs to eat." He put his nose to Karolus' and growled again, "Eat. My sister and I work hard. Eat."
Mette could see a tremor run up the boy's spine. He was trying very hard not to show how scared of Alan he was,"Alan, it is not going to help Karolus' appetite if you frighten him."
Alan laughed, "A big softy like me? Scare somebody like Karolus? Naw. I doubt he's scared of me. Are you kid?"
The boy shook his head, too frightened to say anything.
Alan looked at Mette, "Where are you headed?"
She hesitated. But, their tickets had already told any pursuers were they were going, "Astera. Deshanti province."
"That where you from?"
Mette nodded. 
"Then why do you look so sad little lady?"
Bartok responded before she had a chance to think of what to say, "Someone has been following them. Trying to take the boy away from her."
Alan sat up straight and stared at his nephew, "Something tells me I don't want to know all the details on this one. But. Do you need someplace to stay, other than your own cabin?"
Bartok glanced at Mette before answering for her, "I think it would be a good idea. Yes."
As the two men discussed the details Mette hugged Karolus to her. She was frightened. She knew this would not be an easy trip before they started. But being chased through the ship had scared her more than she wanted to admit.
Alan cleared the dishes from the table as Bartok tried to explain his plan to Mette, "I'll send someone to your old cabin, to get your things. I just need your key."
Mette looked up at him, "Why are you doing this? You are risking your own family for us. Why?"
"You have almost 40 more days before the ship reaches Astera. Then you still have to get to Deshanti. I'd like to help you get there."
"But why? Why risk your family, your business?"
Bartok stared at her, "Because. Because, I'm the sort of guy who does such foolish things. Because, once you get Karolus to his family, I'd like to think... maybe, just maybe, that you'd consider renouncing your vows and staying with me."
Mette looked away. Her cheeks burned. When she turned back, she couldn't look Bartok in the eyes. She addressed her hands instead, "Thank you. I do not know how to answer you. I will think over your proposal." She put the key to the cabin on the table between them, "Please ask that the school books be brought. They are borrowed and I promised to return them."
Alan led them to a cabin, in the expensive section, that wasn't far from his restaurant. Compared to where they'd been staying, it was huge. It had two bedrooms, a sitting room, and high ceilings. The ceiling was more than high enough for Alan and Bartok to stand up straight. Even the furniture was sized for tall people. She wandered around the rooms, looking at everything. Alan took the key for Mette's old cabin from Bartok and went to collect her things.
"Who will pay for this? I do not have so much money."
Bartok had settled into a chair to watch Mette, "Don't worry about it. It wasn't sold for this leg of the trip. There is no charge."
"No charge? How can that be?"
"I'll explain it later." Karolus had already found the entertainment center, "I'm sure we're going to have to limit your time with that thing. But, at least until your books get here, maybe you can find something that interests you."
A short while later someone requested admittance to the cabin. Mette and Karolus ran into one of the bedrooms as Bartok got up to see who was there.
"Uncle Alan. Did you have any luck getting their things?"
Alan stepped in, Mette's bag under one arm, Karolus' under the other. "I ran into your mother on the way back here. Isabel isn't real pleased with you right now. While she thinks the girl is cute... you putting yourself out this way... She is not happy. Anyway. Seems you'd promised to cover some shifts while she took care of some other things."
Bartok grinned, "I'll make it up to her. Tell her I promise not to get hurt."
"Here's the girl's things. I guess the little bag belongs to the boy. I put the reading slab and book inserts in it. Found some food in the room. They must be traveling on a tight budget to bring food with them." He put the bags down on a table, "Someone questioned me about opening the cabin. Guess they were watching it. Told 'em the passengers had been taken off at Ourris, that I'd been asked to clear the cabin and secure their stuff."
"Didn't they ask why you were doing this instead of a steward?"
"I'd taken a steward with me. In case they had a lot of stuff. And I was ready to say I was there at the request of their lawyer. But, they never asked. Just stood there and looked sort of confused."
"Sounds like they aren't professionals. Maybe that's a good thing."
"Whatever." Alan looked past Bartok's shoulder to see Mette and Karolus standing in a doorway, "Hello little lady. I brought your things. Even brought the young man his schoolwork. It looked like you were traveling light, but let me know if I missed anything." He slapped his nephew on the shoulder, "I'll check on you folks tomorrow. Right now it's time for this old man to get some sleep."
Bartok walked toward the door with him, "I'll see these two settled in, then I've got some things to take care of for a client. I'll see you tomorrow, to go over those changes." 
As he got ready to go to bed, Karolus looked up at Mette, "Are you going to dance tonight?"
She started to say no, it was one thing to dance for Karolus, another to dance for Bartok. But Bartok had heard the request, "I'm not going to report you. This is a private residence, not a public venue. Even without your colors, you can dance for your friends."
"I am only one. The dances should be performed by several."
"Under the circumstances, I'm sure Karolus and I will forgive the effect."
Mette composed herself. Then, once again, she danced to remember the dead and to ask for protection. She danced alone, in tunic and trousers instead of paint and pattern.
Chapter 17
It was a 20 day trip from Ourris to Mithr. Mette and Karolus spent the first five days locked in the cabin alone. Bartok spent much of the time tending to his business. Occasionally, his mother or uncle would accompany him back to the cabin for brief visits. After five days, Karolus wanted to do something, anything, to get out of the cabin.
"I've finished my lessons. I don't want to play games. I want to go out."
Mette considered his request. She was also tired of staying in the cabin. And Bartok wasn't there to argue his ideas of safety, "What would you like to do?"
"Could we go back to the observation deck? Please. Just for a little while." The hopeful note in his voice tugged at Mette.
"Do you know how we get there from this section?"
Karolus called up a map of the ship on the display table, "We're here. This is the cabin, right here. If we go up this hall... it doesn't look far. Please."
Mette studied the map, not just for the direct way there, but for alternate routes back, "Alright. But. You will stay close to me. You cannot wander off."
Karolus jumped up from his seat in an over-large chair, ready to dash out the door.
"A moment. First, let me find my boots and a key to the cabin."
Karolus, eager to be on his way, helped Mette find her boots. He danced around the cabin while he waited for her to put them on. Then he waited, impatiently, by the door as she found a key.
Mette put her hand out to open the door, "You will behave. You will stay with me."
"Yes Mum."
They stepped into the hallway and started for the observation deck. There were only a few other people in the hallway. Most of them ignored the tall woman with the little boy. A few smiled at them. A few made rude comments. Mette ignored the rudeness as she instructed Karolus to do the same.
They arrived on the observation deck at the same time as a group of six dancers. This was not the same group they had encountered before, but their reaction to Mette was similar. She had to keep a tight grip on the boy's shoulder to keep him from bothering the dancers.
The same steward whom Karolus had entertained on his previous visit was there. Mette was impressed that the steward was willing to speak with the boy again. She followed along behind Karolus as he hopped from one display to the next, peppering the stewards with questions. She didn't find the subject that interesting. She preferred watching the people to watching the stars. And the agents who had chased them before might still be looking for them.
Karolus' attention jumped from a discussion on a nearby brown dwarf star to something at another kiosk. Without pausing to consider, he walked away from Mette, toward the other display. Mette was watching someone on the other side of the room when he left. When her gaze returned to the place where the boy had been, she panicked. She stood up on her toes to get a better view. Finally she spotted what looked like the top of Karolus' head some distance away. 
She'd taken only a couple of strides toward the boy when her way was blocked. Her nose was aimed at the mid-point of the man's chest, "Please. Let me pass."
The man, his face and hair painted green with white patterning, didn't move, "Why did you break your vows?"
"I did not."
His voice was calm but demanding, "You dishonor yourself and claim you did not?"
"Please. Let me pass. The boy..."
The dancer took Mette's chin in his hand, tilting her face up, "The boy?"
"Please. Let me pass."
He studied her face, looking for something. Finally he released her chin, "I am Ysold."
Mette inclined her head toward him, "I am Mette. The boy is Karolus. I need to find him."
Ysold signaled to the other dancers. Soon all six dancers had joined the hunt for Karolus. It didn't take them long to search the observation deck. Karolus wasn't there. Mette ran back to the cabin to check. He wasn't there either. She ran back to the observation deck. Ysold was still there.
"I have sent the others to check the different exits. Do you know which way he might have gone?"
Mette was upset. This was her fault. She should have told Karolus no. She should have kept better track of him, "We have been followed. Someone wants to take him. I did not see those who have been following us. Perhaps it was others who took him. Perhaps he went with a steward. I do not know."
Ysold studied Mette, "There is a rumor. Said to have started on Sampos. A child and dancer from Sampara." He continued to watch her as he made a decision, "I see it is not an idle rumor."
Mette hung her head, ashamed at her inability to keep track of one small boy, "I promised I would return him to his family." She looked up, a note of hope in her voice, "There is a family on this ship. They own businesses here. They have been helping us."
"Why have they been helping?"
Mette looked down again, "The one has asked me to renounce my vows for him."
Ysold looked down at her as a grin split his face, "Indeed? My life has been far less interesting." He scanned the room behind Mette, "Is this him?"
Mette spun around, unsure if she was looking for Karolus or Bartok, to see one of the other dancers leading Karolus toward them. She dashed forward, sliding to a stop on her knees, "Karolus! Where did you go? You promised you wouldn't wander away!"
"I'm sorry Mum. I... I got interested in..."
Mette stood up and bowed to the woman standing behind Karolus, "Thank you for your help. I hope he was not impolite."
The woman smiled, "He was polite. He is accustomed to dancers?"
Mette nodded, "Yes. He has spent a few days in a school and learned some manners. I am Mette. This unruly one is Karolus."
"I am Iola." She wore black paint with red and white patterns. Iola was considerably taller than Mette. She was taller than Bartok and almost as tall as Ysold.
As the other dancers returned, Ysold introduced them to Mette and Karolus. Mette kept a tight grip on Karolus' shoulders as they talked. 
After a while Karolus objected, "I'm hungry. Can we eat?"
Ysold looked down at the boy, "Only if you know of a restaurant where I can get enough to eat."
"I do! Uncle Alan's place is near here."
Ysold looked at Mette, "Uncle?"
"Uncle to the one I told you of."
Ysold smiled, "I see." He looked back down at the boy, "Then please, lead the way."
Karolus would have skipped, or run, ahead of the dancers but Mette kept a firm hold on him. He squirmed and twisted in her grip, not quite able to keep up with her, but unable to tarry behind. After watching the boy struggle to keep up, one of the dancers grabbed Karolus and swung him onto his shoulders. 
Mette looked at the grin on the boy's face and shook her head, "It will be hard to teach him to walk after this."
They arrived in the arcade to find Alan and Bartok sitting at a table. Alan saw the painted faces of the dancers first. Then he noticed Karolus perched on someone's shoulders.
"Bartok. Behind you."
Bartok stood up as he turned to see the dancers. He was distressed to see Karolus. And angry to discover Mette, as the shortest of the adults, hidden in the midst of the group. He wanted to know why they'd left the safety of the cabin.
As Alan stood up he muttered, just loud enough for Bartok to hear, "Guess they got bored, locked in that cabin all alone." Then he stepped forward to greet the dancers, "Hello. How may I help you?"
Karolus piped up, "We're hungry."
Alan bowed, "Of course. Let me take your orders. I'm assuming you would all prefer the larger portions."
The dancers gave their orders and found seats. Other patrons made room as the dancers folded themselves into chairs and found space for their long legs. Mette tried to keep Karolus close to her, without much luck. He helped take orders. He helped serve food. He brought drinks. Bartok grabbed the boy and put him in a seat with directions to stay put. Seconds later Karolus hopped back up to refill Ysold's drink. Mette finally ordered him to sit and eat while Ysold frowned at him from the other side of the table. Karolus sat and ate.
After their meal Karolus invited the dancers to join him and Mette in their cabin. Then he looked at Bartok, "Will you and Uncle Alan and Aunt Isabel come too?"
Bartok nodded, "Yes. We'll be there. We need to close up here first. Give us a few minutes."
As the dancers left, Bartok saw Iola toss Karolus over her shoulder. She did it with such ease, as if Karolus were no heavier than her tunic.
Alan clapped him on the back, "Sort of odd being seen as short, isn't it? I don't think I've met anyone taller than me since I was kicked out of the dance school."
"Yeah. I had no idea. No wonder Karolus didn't flinch when he first saw me."
"Didn't Mette say her old partner was very tall?"
Bartok nodded, "She said Pánfilo was more than a head taller than me. Maybe even a little taller than Ysold." He shook his head, "Mom is really going to enjoy this."
That night Mette didn't dance alone.
Chapter 18
Mette had trouble getting Karolus to focus for the next several days. He was too excited about the dancers who came to visit and accompany them when they explored the ship. He didn't want to waste any of his time doing boring schoolwork or breathing exercises. 
Once in a while Mette thought she saw the agents who had followed them before. But she only got brief glimpses before the people vanished from sight. She was certain they knew exactly who Karolus was, even if she didn't. They probably knew her own parentage. As long as they made no efforts to take Karolus, or harm him, she was in no hurry to confront them.
Three days before the ship reached Mithr Ysold and Iola came to the cabin. Karolus let them in.
Ysold bowed toward Mette, "We come to wish you farewell. Our patron has sent a ship to take us the rest of the way."
Mette pretended not to see the hurt look on Karolus' face as she bowed toward their guests, "I wish you a safe journey. It has been a joy to dance with you."
Iola smiled, "Perhaps, when you reclaim your colors, you would be allowed to visit us."
Mette smiled, "I would be honored," but first she had to get Karolus to his father.
Karolus had positioned himself between Mette and their visitors. He craned his neck to look up at Ysold, "I don't want you to leave."
Mette leaned forward and clamped her hands on his shoulders, "Wish them well Karolus. They must leave."
Karolus turned a hurt look on Mette. He tried to pout. She responded by tightening her grip on his shoulder. "Ow!" He looked up at Mette then at Ysold, "I wish you a safe journey. I will miss you." Then he turned to Iola, "I wish you a safe journey. You and all the others. I will miss all of you."
Ysold and Iola tried to hide their smiles as they bowed toward him, "Thank you. May you also have a safe journey."
When they were gone, Karolus turned and buried his face against Mette's belly, "I don't want them to leave!"
She wrapped her arms around the boy, "I do not want them to leave either. I have enjoyed their company. But their patron has sent for them. They must go." Mette pushed the boy away so she could see his face, "Would you like to go to the candy store? Perhaps to the toy store?"
Karolus nodded, tears streaming down his face.
Mette was still alert for the agents who followed them. Having Ysold and the other dancers with her may have made them wary. Or maybe they were just waiting until the ship docked at Mithr. She had no way of knowing.
Bartok and Alan were elsewhere, tending to their businesses. Mette and Karolus were alone as they left the cabin for the shopping arcade. She knew it was a bad idea to leave the cabin without an escort, but she couldn't convince herself to stay in.
Karolus browsed the display in the toy store eager to try out every toy in the shop. Mette tried to stay close to him but the store was set up for children, not adults and especially not tall adults. As the boy dashed toward her, eyes agleam, holding a toy ship, she noticed one of the agents outside the shop window.
"Mum! Look at this ship! Do you think this is what this ship looks like?"
"I have no idea. There is a name on the side of this. What does it say?"
Karolus knew she was inclined to slip in schoolwork when he least expected it, "Mum. You know what it says. Why are you asking me?"
Mette smiled. So much for that trick, "Do you know the name of the ship we're on?"
"The Astrean Sun. A commercial passenger ship of the Vertu class, capable of carrying 9,000 passengers, plus crew and cargo."
"And is that a model of a Vertu class ship?"
Karolus frowned, "No."
"Then I doubt that is a model of The Astrean Sun."
"Can I buy a toy?"
"I have no money to pay for toys. They are too expensive. I am sorry." Despite all the meals Bartok had given them their supply of cash was dwindling. Toys and sweets were luxuries they could ill afford.
Karolus pouted. There didn't seem to be a lot of reason to look at toys if he couldn't buy anything. "Will you buy me a pancheo?"
She pondered the effects of the gooey treat on his energy levels, "One. No more."
As they started out of the shop Mette watched the agent scurry away from the window. It was only a few paces between the toy shop and the candy store. She hoped nothing untoward would happen.
There were at least four agents in the arcade now, watching and waiting. What they were waiting for Mette didn't know. As she watched them it seemed they weren't all on the same side. But she didn't know who might be on her side and who might want to harm Karolus. That meant none of them could be trusted.
The candy store was busy and the boy had to wait in line for his purchase. The agents were in slightly different places when Mette and Karolus left the shop. She didn't think it wise to return to the cabin with so many people following them.
"Karolus. Would you like something to drink? We could go to Alan's restaurant."
The boy, his mouth full of gooey candy, nodded.
The restaurant was quiet. Neither Alan nor Bartok were there. Mette didn't recognize the woman behind the counter when she placed their order. She settled at a table with Karolus as he finished his candy and his drink. She didn't know what to do next. If they returned to the cabin, all these agents would know where they were staying, if they didn't already have that information. If they didn't return to the relative safety of the cabin, Karolus might be taken from her or injured. She wanted to ask someone for advice. She wanted Pánfilo to be next to her, offering support, scaring away all of these shadows. As she stirred her drink, she scanned the list of entertainments offered on the ship. There were several concerts and art shows going on but she didn't think a small boy would be interested. Then her eyes came to focus on an advertisement for a small zoo. The zoo was in another section of the ship.
"Karolus, we have not visited the zoo in Section 15. Would you be interested?"
Karolus was beginning to get suspicious, "Are we being followed again?"
"Yes. It seems so." Mette stirred her drink yet again. 
"Can't we go back to the cabin?"
"They would simply follow us there. That does not seem desirable."
The boy nodded, "Do you think they have any animals from Mithr in this zoo?"
"Perhaps." She finished her drink and stood up. "Shall we find out?"
Chapter 19
Occupying a full section of the ship, the zoo was divided into bio-zones representing the five planets on the route of The Astrean Sun. The zoo was also a botanical garden with paths winding between the different climate zones. The plants, rocks, sand, and water features were there to help feed and house the different animals while amusing the passengers. Though many of the animals had impressive teeth or claws few were predators. As Mette and Karolus entered the zoo in the area representing Sampos they were followed by a string of agents. Mette tried hard to ignore them even as she kept track of them. 
Many of the purple plants were familiar to both of them from the palace gardens. Many of the creatures were not. Karolus quickly developed a pattern to his explorations. First he wanted to investigate what was close to the ground, often scrambling under the bushes on his hands and knees. Then he wanted Mette to lift him up to see the things in the trees and vines above his head. Several other children cast envious glances their way as she raised Karolus above her head. More than once he tried to capture some creature without knowing what it might do. Mette barely stopped him from grabbing the bright-green Imperial Ber. Though the creature looked cuddly and docile, when it snarled at Karolus it revealed a mouth full of sharp teeth and five front paws sporting strong talons.
From the area representing Sampos they passed through an airlock to enter the bio-zone for Ourris. Here most of the plants were some shade of red. Many of the flying creatures wore brilliant coats of blue, green, and yellow. Creatures living on the ground tended to have rust-colored coats of fur, feathers, or scales, to blend into the plants. As he craned his neck to see a creature on a high limb, Karolus tripped over an animal he had thought was a pile of dead leaves. It yipped and whined as it ran away, its coat flopping as if a whirlwind had stirred up the forest floor. Neither Mette nor Karolus could find anything that identified the creature.
From Ourris, the next airlock led them to Astera with its green-leaved plants. Here the flying creatures wore drab colors while those on the ground sported coats in bright red, green, yellow, and white. Karolus turned a corner on the path and, because he was watching something else, ran into a tall white and yellow zax. In protest, the creature extended its long neck and spread a wide cowl in threat as it minced daintily on huge, webbed feet. It struck Karolus as absurd and he started to laugh. Several other people laughed as they watched the creature dance and soon the zax skulked off as if offended.
From Astera, they passed through another airlock to Syr. The plants were a duller shade of red than those from Ourris. The flying creatures tended to be the same rusty color as the plants while most of the land animals were some shade between black and white. As Mette lifted Karolus up to see something perched on a limb, it ruffled its coat in threat and opened three sets of bright red eyes. When it lunged at the boy, Mette nearly lost her grip.
The final bio-zone displayed plants and animals from Mithr. The plants were blue and purple with white or pale yellow flowers. Many of the flying creatures were white, with long, trailing appendages that made them look ghostly and fragile. Ground dwelling creatures were more apt to match the foliage. Many of the animals had coats with white stripes or spots. As they walked down the path next to a small stream a tall four-legged animal, with small white spots scattered across its purple coat, walked up behind Karolus and started to eat his hair. Mette had some difficulty getting the creature to let go.
The next airlock would either take them out of the zoo or back into the section for Sampos. They sat on a bench watching a white and yellow gulleta trace loops through the air as they discussed their next move. Mette could still identify four agents following them.
"Where do you want to go now?" She didn't see how they were going to get back to the cabin without being followed.
Karolus looked up at her. He could see she was worried, "We could go back the other way."
"Yes. But it would lead us right past those following us."
"We could exit into Section 16."
"Yes. We could probably find our way back to Section 12 from there. We could also exit into Section 14, which would be closer."
"We could... Doesn't Uncle Bartok have an office in Section 16."
Mette looked down at the boy, "I thought it was Section 18."
Karolus shrugged, "I'm hungry."
"As am I." Mette considered their options. None of them looked very good. She'd spent hours studying maps of the ship. There was a way out of the zoo that wouldn't take them back past the agents. She just needed to remember how to get to it.
Mette stood up. She led Karolus down another path through the blue and purple landscape. A gulleta fluttered beside them as they made their way into the bushes, toward the edge of the zoo. 
The forests were maintained with artificial sunlight, winds, rains, and more. There were even strong storms programmed periodically to clear the systems. The storm that now crashed down on those in the Mithr section of the zoo had been building for several hours. Animals ran for cover as winds tore small branches from trees. People rushed for the exits. Mette and Karolus crouched next to an access panel into the maintenance tunnels. She worked to open the panel as the boy tried to hide in her shadow. A small animal, its coat a dizzying pattern of blue and white stripes, crouched in his shadow as a tree limb crashed to the ground. Once she had the panel free, Mette lifted Karolus through the opening. The animal tried to follow him into the quiet of the access tunnel. She caught it and carefully moved it to a protected location before joining Karolus. Then she pulled the panel shut and secured it as best she could.
They were soaked. Water dripped from their hair and clothes as it filled their boots. They looked around only to realize they were standing in puddles, in the middle of a tunnel filled with electrical cables and equipment.
Karolus looked up at Mette. "I don't think we want to stay here. Which way do we go?"
Mette looked around for the tunnel numbers, "That way. To your left." If she remembered correctly, this tunnel joined to a larger tunnel which had doors opening onto the passenger hallways.
They picked their way through the cables being careful not to touch anything. As they neared the end of the tunnel they heard a shout behind them. They turned to see two men coming through the access way.
Mette picked up Karolus, swung him on to her back, and started running. Her long legs allowed her to speed through the passageways. She passed into the main maintenance tunnel for the section and paused long enough to read the location markings. They were on a catwalk four levels above where they wanted to be. Several more catwalks crossed the open spaces above and below them. They couldn't see any stairways connecting the catwalk they were on to any of the other walkways. Mette looked over the edge. She could see some heavy cables and access ladders passing close to the walkway they wanted.
The two agents had reached the end of the electrical tunnel. As they looked around one of them spotted the tall woman. He gave a yell as they started running toward Mette and Karolus. She couldn't understand his words. She was still looking for a way to get to the correct level as she spotted a second set of agents coming out of the electrical tunnel.
With the boy still hanging on to her back, Mette stepped over the railing and launched herself into the void. At least four voices could be heard screaming behind her. She managed to grab both a cable and an access ladder two levels down. Karolus' arms around her neck were tight.
"Karolus. We have landed. Please. Loosen your grip."
Karolus opened one eye a slit, "Where are we?"
"Above where we need to be." Mette was climbing down the ladder as fast as she could. It ended at a small platform a level or more above where they needed to be.
Karolus looked up at the agents on the catwalk. It looked like three men and one woman. They were arguing about something, "Mette, who are they? What do they want?"
"I do not know." She lowered him to the platform as she looked for a way to the lower level. "It seems they want you. Why, I do not know." She looked up briefly. One of the men had climbed over the barrier on the edge of the catwalk and was looking for a way down.
Karolus looked around. They were in a huge open area, crisscrossed with catwalks, cables, and conduits. He could see any number of access hatches but had no idea where any of them led. "Mette. How do we get out of here?"
Mette could see a way for her to get down, but she wouldn't be able to take Karolus on her back. There wasn't enough clearance. "If we get to the correct level, there is a doorway onto a passenger hallway. It will be fairly easy from there." She looked down at Karolus. "I need you to wait here while I climb down. Then you will have to jump."
Karolus stared at her, "Jump? Like you did to get here?"
"Yes."
"I can't do that. I can't jump like you. Isn't there another way down?"
"No. I don't see another way. You are too short to climb down. You cannot stretch far enough." She studied the boy carefully, "You can make the jump. I will catch you."
Karolus stared at her and nodded his head.
Mette stretched out long limbs to grab bits of equipment here and there as she threaded her way down. There were places where she needed to slide between cables and conduits with no more than a finger's width to spare. Her clothing snagged on exposed bolts, as if trying to hold her back. It was slow going.
Karolus sat on the platform and watched Mette. He heard a noise over his head and looked up to see a man sliding down a rope toward him, "Mum! They're getting close!"
She glanced up. She was still some distance from the walkway. If she missed her landing she'd be hurt. If she didn't make the leap, the agents would take Karolus. She launched herself away from the support. She didn't land on her feet as she'd wanted. Instead she slid and rolled up against a wall. Mette paused to catch her breath before standing. She'd have some interesting bruises and scrapes, but no serious injury. She stepped into position to catch Karolus.
"Come!"
Karolus looked up at the agent coming down the rope. Then he looked down at Mette, so far below.
Mette stood below him, "Come. Now!"
The boy still hesitated. It was so far.
She looked up at the agent. Then she looked back at Karolus, "Prat-ya!"
Karolus nodded. He emptied his lungs as he braced himself to jump. Then, as he started to inhale, he pushed away from the platform. His leap took him away from the platform, into the empty spaces between the cables.
Mette plucked him out of the air, spun around, put him on her back, and started running. They were through the door and into the hallway before the man reached the platform. The hallway was quiet, nearly empty. Mette continued at a fast walk for some distance before putting Karolus down.
It was late when they finally made it back to the cabin in Section 12. But no one had followed them.
Chapter 20
Bartok was waiting for them, with food from the restaurant, when they returned. There were furrows across his forehead. 
"Where have you been?"
Karolus looked up at Mette before answering, "We went to the zoo to see the animals from Mithr."
Bartok stared at her as if the boy wasn't there, "Were the dancers with you? I heard they'd left."
"We were alone." Mette couldn't understand why his question bothered her.
"That's not a good idea. People are following you. You could have been hurt."
Mette looked down at Karolus, "Please get ready to eat. Your hands need to be cleaned." As the boy left to get cleaned up she turned back to Bartok, "We are fine. After Ysold and the others left, Karolus was upset. We went out."
"You should've stayed in the cabin. You're safe here."
She walked past the tall man on her way to get cleaned up, "We are both tired of this prison." 
Bartok started to say something but stopped himself. It was something he didn't want Karolus to hear. He wasn't sure he could control his voice enough to prevent the boy from overhearing his objections.
They were almost finished with their meal when Alan arrived. He needed his nephew for something and the two men left. Bartok didn't say when he might return.
Mette looked at Karolus, "Perhaps we should stay in tomorrow."
He frowned. Then he looked at the expression on her face and started to laugh, "That was fun. Even if it was scary."
"How many scratches and bruises do you have? Do they need treatment?"
Karolus took off his tunic so Mette could treat a cut on his elbow. Then he helped her treat the small cuts and abrasions on her body. They were still taking care of their little cuts and bruises when Bartok returned.
"I thought you said you weren't injured."
Mette didn't look at him, "Minor cuts from too much furniture in the wrong places."
"You're lying."
She looked up, wearing the perfectly calm mask of a dancer, "And if I am? You were not here. You were not with us. To my knowledge, you are not being hunted." She pulled on her tunic. "We appreciate your help. You have been most generous. We thank you for everything you have done for us. If we reach our destination we will try to repay you. But. There are some things you cannot do for us."
Bartok was angry. Things had been going so smoothly. Now they'd taken this idiotic trip to the zoo without telling him, "I wanted to tell you earlier. This cabin has been sold for the trip between Mithr and Astera. You'll have to move."
Mette nodded, "Is our old cabin available?"
"Why would you want to go back there?"
"It is not as comfortable for me as is this place, but it should no longer be watched."
"But that's all the way back in Section 36."
"Yes." She didn't understand what Bartok was objecting to.
"It'll be awkward for you to get back there without being seen."
Mette studied Bartok's expression as she tried to decide what he was really saying. She couldn't figure it out, "When must we leave this cabin?"
"Tomorrow would be best. The next day at the latest." Bartok had put more food on the table for them, "Right now... Mom sent some food over. She found some recipes for stuff she thought you'd like. From Deshanti province."
Karolus was already heaping food on his plate though it had only been a couple of hours since his last meal, "This smells really good."
Bartok stayed long enough to try the Deshanti-style foods. He carefully avoided the subject of their visit to the zoo.
After he left Mette sat at the table and stared at the door. She was tired. She wanted this trip to be over. She wanted Karolus back with this family so she could return to the humsoa and her friends.
Karolus wrapped his arms around her, "Why is Uncle Bartok angry with you?"
She wrapped an arm around the boy, "I am not certain. Perhaps he felt we were other than what we are."
"You mean he's decided you've already given up dancing to stay with him? And maybe I don't really exist?"
Mette smiled, "Perhaps. Or perhaps he thinks you really are my son."
"I'd like that."
"Except when I make you do your schoolwork? Like now."
"Do I have to?"
"Yes. And then we need to pack our things to move again."
Chapter 21
The next day Bartok arrived to take them back to their old cabin. To make it look like they were out to tour the ship for a few hours a steward would take their bags. To annoy anyone who might follow them, they wandered back and forth across the ship, doubling the length of the trip. Mette thought it odd, whenever she and Karolus went out alone, there were lots of people following them. When they went with Bartok, or Alan, or any of the dancers, the agents seemed to disappear.
They stopped at the restaurant in Section 36 to eat. Isabel was happy to see Mette and Karolus. Bartok was less pleased to see his mother. It seemed they had an ongoing disagreement about something.
The cabin looked even smaller than Karolus and Mette remembered. After the large, multi-room cabin in Section 12 they again had to squeeze into a single room. 
Bartok seemed even less pleased with the change than Mette, "Are you sure this is what you want to do? The cabin is so small, just the one room."
"I have no money for a larger cabin. And this one is paid for." The steward had made a quicker trip, their bags were already in the room.
"I can find another unsold cabin. Something bigger."
Mette watched Karolus unpack his bag, "Thank you. But it is only 22 days to Astera. We can manage until then."
Bartok looked around the cabin and shook his head. There was no way he'd spend two days, let alone 22, in such a tiny room. "Okay. Not to my liking, but I'm not trying to squeeze myself into that undersized excuse for a bed. I'll be helping my mother in the restaurant in this section. I'd like you to come by and visit."
Mette smiled, "Thank you. We will visit the restaurant."
After he left she locked the door. She sat down on her bed to face Karolus, "Once again we are sharing a room. We will enjoy having our own rooms that much more when we get to Astera."
Karolus laughed, "It's been sort of fun. At home I had a big room, all to myself. It got lonely."
"We have no such worry here."
"Mette? At the schools. Do the students share rooms?"
"Yes. The younger students share rooms. Why?"
"I was wondering what it was like. To live at a school."
Mette tried to remember what it had been like when she was his age. But she'd already spent almost five years in the school by the time she was nine. "There are some nice things about it. Few people who are not dancers are allowed to enter. Students do not get to leave the school. If you sneak out and are caught, the headmaster and dancemaster discipline you. You do not go home to your family unless you are dismissed from training. Then you have to find another way to make a living."
"Like Uncle Bartok?"
"Yes." A few of Mette's classmates had been dismissed. One had been injured and left unable to dance. Two more had refused to take vows. "When those people leave, you do not see them again."
"Not ever?"
Mette looked down, "I have not seen any I knew who were dismissed. Perhaps others have." She wanted to change the subject, "You have lessons to do."
Karolus pouted, "Yes Mum," but he pulled out the reading slab anyway.
The next day was quiet. They left the cabin for meals, using a different route each time. The agents located them in the Section 36 arcade almost immediately but kept their distance. Bartok's mother, Isabel, told them what time the ship would dock at Mithr hinting that they should stay in their room for a few hours on either side of the lock-in. Mette calculated, four to six hours on either side of docking, plus time on the thread, would mean almost a full day locked in their tiny room. Neither she nor Karolus liked the idea.
Six hours before the ship docked at Mithr, they went to the arcade to eat. 
Bartok was behind the counter when Mette placed their order. He wasn't happy to see them, "I thought you were going to stay in your cabin until we were past Mithr."
"We were hungry. We have eaten all the food we brought with us."
"You could've called in your order. We do deliver."
Mette looked up at him, "I did not know." She led Karolus to a table to wait for their food. She saw only one agent, a small woman, in the arcade. The woman seemed startled to see them.
Bartok brought their food to the table. He carefully put their plates on the table before folding himself into the seat across from Mette. "It would be safer for both of you to stay in your cabin."
She was tired of hearing about her safety, "It would have been safer for me to send the boy to Astera alone."
"You don't understand."
"Perhaps." She turned to Karolus, "Is the food not what you wanted?"
The boy looked at what was on his plate. "I ordered bream. This doesn't look like bream."
Bartok grabbed the plate from him and sniffed the food, "It isn't bream. It's gua-thri." He looked at Mette, "What did you order?"
"Ana-thri." She held up her plate so Bartok could see what was on it. "This looks correct."
Bartok grumbled as he stood up and took Karolus' plate back to the kitchen. 
He was gone only a few seconds when the woman, not much taller than Karolus, slid onto the empty chair. She seemed nervous as she addressed the table top, "You should return to your cabin. Mithr has joined Ourris against the emperor."
Mette looked down at the top of the woman's head, "Why should I believe you? Why should we be safer in the cabin?"
The woman looked up, astonished at Mette's calm manner, "You are in danger. Both of you. I can't explain now. You must trust me." Then she was gone.
Bartok returned to the table with Karolus' food, "Who was that woman? What did she want?"
Mette glanced down at Karolus, hoping he wouldn't expose her lie, "She thought Karolus looked like her cousin. She wanted to speak with his mother."
"Odd." Bartok played with his drink for a moment. "Are you sure? She looked sort of like one of the people following you."
She looked at him blankly, "Really? I had not noticed."
Mette and Karolus stared at one another after they finished their meal. They still had a few hours before the ship would dock at Mithr. For something to do and to avoid going back to the tiny cabin, she took him to the candy store. Bartok objected. Mette smiled calmly as she ignored him. 
As they walked across the arcade Karolus looked up at Mette. "What did that woman mean?"
"I do not know. If Mithr has indeed joined Ourris against the emperor, there will probably be more soldiers on the ship when it docks, even if only for a little while. Even if Mithr has not joined Ourris, soldiers may board when we dock. It may mean there will be even more people following us when the ship continues to Astera."
Karolus thought about all that had happened since the birthday party. It seemed so long ago. "Why don't any of these people bother us when Uncle Bartok is there?"
"I would also like to know that."
From the candy shop Mette took Karolus out to the walkways to watch Mithr come into view. The planet was beautiful with its dark blue oceans, white clouds, and the mottled blue and purple land masses. Karolus studied the continents and islands as he tried to figure out where Ysold and the other dancers were. As soon as the ship attached to the docking thread Mette led Karolus back to the cabin.
The ship would remain docked for about six hours. Mette planned to stay in the cabin, with Karolus, for at least seven hours. It was too early in their day to go to sleep and the boy had already finished most of his lessons. The two of them tried playing games, but they couldn't concentrate. Mette danced. She tried to teach Karolus some of the movements. They did breathing exercises together. Only five hours had passed. Both of them wanted out of the tiny room. Unlike the larger, more expensive cabin, there was no security system allowing them to see who might be outside their door. If they wanted to know if they were being watched, they had to open the door and look out. It was far from ideal.
Chapter 22
Mette cracked open the door to look out. The hallway appeared to be empty. She closed the door and looked at Karolus, "I am sure this is not a good idea. It has only been five and a half hours since we docked. Soldiers might still be aboard."
"I'm hungry. And bored. I'm tired of staying in here."
Mette couldn't argue with him. She felt much the same. She stood at the door and debated with herself. She knew what Bartok would say. And the woman in the arcade. She wished Pánfilo were there with her. She missed him. Bartok was nice, but she didn't feel comfortable with him.
She opened the door a crack and scanned the hallway again. It looked empty. Mette held out her hand behind her for the boy to grasp. They slid out the door without opening it all the way.
Mette led Karolus by yet a different route to the walkways around the ship. They were still docked. Any soldiers who might have boarded at Mithr had left. There were few people left on the walkways. Something about the quiet made her nervous.
Without Bartok, or the key to the cabin in Section 12, They were limited to Sections 35 through 38. Anyone who was hunting them had a much smaller field to track them through. Mette wanted to find someplace to hide, someplace where no one was following them. She wanted Pánfilo beside her. She wanted to return to the safety of the humsoa. 
They wandered down the walkway. Karolus watched out the windows while Mette watched the people. They turned in toward the arcade at Section 38. 
Karolus looked up, "Aren't we going to eat at Uncle Bartok's?"
"I thought we should try a different place. Perhaps the food is not the same." She didn't want to hear Bartok's opinion of their leaving the cabin while the ship was still at dock.
Karolus was curious about the people around them. He kept stopping to watch someone, to try and determine where they were from. With all the stops he made, it seemed to take them forever to reach the arcade. As they turned the last corner Mette looked back. The ship had cast off. The bright blue ball of Mithr was already fading in the distance.
As she turned back toward the arcade, she recognized two men. Two of the crowd that seemed to follow them. They were getting food from one of the restaurants and hadn't yet seen her or Karolus. Briefly, she thought about turning around. But there was another agent behind her. 
"Karolus. There look to be three restaurants in this arcade. Which do you wish to try?"
The boy looked up, "Mum. The two men at that restaurant. They look familiar."
"Yes. They do. There is another behind us. Which restaurant do you want?"
Karolus reached up to take Mette's hand. She could feel his fingers shaking. "This one? It's close."
The front of the restaurant stuck out, away from the supporting wall. Someone had taken off the panels that attached the top of the restaurant space to the wall, leaving a large gap just above Mette's head. As they walked to the window, she looked up to see exposed cables and conduits in a ceiling crawl space. She could hear voices and someone moving around in the space. They read the menu with disappointment. The selections looked to be exactly the same as the restaurant in Section 36. After placing their order they found a place to sit.
As they waited Mette watched the different agents. The man behind them was now accompanied by another man. The two men who had been getting food were now positioned where they could watch Mette and Karolus. Two women seemed to be unusually interested in them. Whether they were agents, or merely impressed with her height, Mette couldn't tell. 
They were almost finished with their meal when two agents, from different groups, rose from their seats and started toward them. When the two women also got up and headed in their direction, Mette became worried. She didn't know where to go or how to get away from them.
It took a while for the voice to register in her mind, "Mette. It's me. Bartok. Don't turn around. Stand up, casually, like you were going to get something more."
She followed Bartok's directions.
"Good. Lean over toward Karolus. Like you were going to ask him something."
She leaned down toward Karolus. The boy looked up, worry etched on his face. She wasn't sure if he could hear Bartok's voice.
"Mette. Toss the boy to me. Then you jump up here."
As casually and steadily as she could, Mette grabbed Karolus at the waist and tossed him toward the opening. A pair of hands reached out, snatched the boy out of the air, and pulled him inside. Then, as if she'd practiced the leap for years, Mette launched herself upward. She landed, on her belly, with her feet hanging out of the opening. She quickly rolled over, drew her feet in, and started scrambling across the utility space after Bartok.
Karolus could stand up in the space. The tall adults couldn't. They had to scramble along on their hands and knees after the boy. Mette could hear shouting in the arcade but she could only make out one or two words. There seemed to be some argument among the various agents over whose fault it was. She had no idea what it was. She didn't try to understand. She followed Karolus, as fast as she could, while Bartok pushed her forward. 
After some distance they reached the far side of the restaurant. The ceiling of the crawl space remained at the same height, but the floor suddenly dropped away. Cables and pipes extended through the opening, Karolus stopped. It was too far for him to jump without injury. 
Mette squeezed past him, grabbed the edge of the wall and swung down. She had to move some cables aside to find room for her feet. She extended her arms toward the boy, "Come."
Karolus jumped into her arms opening the space so Bartok could get down. She promptly put the boy down and shielded him with her body in case the big man lost his footing.
When he reached the floor, Bartok stood up and looked down at Mette, "I thought you were going to stay in the cabin. Order food in."
Karolus didn't like the sneering tone in Bartok's voice as he addressed Mette. "I was bored. I wanted to go out. Mette didn't want to."
"I'd hoped, by now, she'd learned to say no to you. I guess I was wrong. Maybe she's never learned the word. You certainly haven't."
Mette remembered the arguments Pánfilo had gotten into with other dancers. He'd enjoyed the thrill of an argument, the subject didn't matter. She'd always tried to walk away from arguments. Now she couldn't. "Enough. It would have made little difference if we had stayed in the cabin for another hour. We were both tired of being confined. Our presence on the ship, and our location within it, were already known."
"How? How could anyone know? I made sure we weren't followed. How?"
Mette looked up at the man, "When we ate, earlier. A woman, one of those following us..." She looked down at Karolus, "Perhaps we did not find all the implants."
The tall man stared at the boy, "Implants? Why? Why do you have implants?"
Karolus couldn't understand why Bartok was so angry. And, though he wanted to hide behind Mette, he wasn't sure she could protect him against the huge man. Instead he stood in front, as if to protect her. "In case someone stole me. It was done when I was little."
"How many?" Bartok's voice was too loud for the cramped space.
The boy shrugged, "I don't know."
Bartok turned to roar at Mette. "How many?" In the small space, with his nose almost touching hers, the sound was deafening.
Mette answered as calmly and quietly as she could, "The doctor at the school said he found one implant. The doctor disabled it."
"How did he disable it?"
"I do not know."
"So it's still broadcasting his location? Is that what you're saying?"
Mette found she was afraid of this new, angry, Bartok, "Perhaps."
Bartok responded by slamming his fist into the wall near her head. When she didn't flinch or cry out he spun around and walked a few paces down a service corridor.
Karolus could feel Mette shaking as she stood with her hands on his shoulders.
Bartok returned. He thrust his head forward until his nose nearly touched Mette's. "So all this running around and hiding has been pretty much useless?"
It took every bit of her training for Mette to stand still and look calm, "Perhaps."
"Is that all you can say? Perhaps. Do you have any idea what you're in the middle of?"
Mette looked down at the top of Karolus' head, "I found the boy. After an explosion. Many had died. Somehow, we had not. I planned to turn him over to rescuers. Instead. I was told there were soldiers, intent on killing. We ran. I took him with me. I was told to return him to his family. That is all."
Bartok stared at her as if she'd gone mad. "Then let me explain. Ourris declared war with the intent of destroying Emperor Mirabilis and breaking up the empire. So far, only Mithr has joined Ourris. Syr and Astera remain with the emperor. Sampos has changed hands three times in the last 50 days. Sampara, including the palace, is pretty much leveled. Karolus here is thought to be the emperor's son, by at least six different agencies. Some of them would like the kid as a prisoner, to be ransomed. Some would like to take him to his father. And a few, at least, would just as soon kill him and finish off any chance of succession." He paused to let the information sink in, "And here you are, a stupid, dishonored dancer, with some strange delusion that you can make it to Astera, with the boy, in one piece, and return him to his father."
Mette looked up at Bartok, "And you? What do you want? Whose side are you on?"
He turned. Stepped away. Then he returned to put his nose to hers. His voice was little more than a growl, "I was told to make sure you got as far as Astera. Once I turn him over, and get paid, I really don't care what happens to the brat. I was told there was a woman with him, that she might be useful in getting close to the boy. I wasn't told I'd be dealing with an absolute idiot. If I'd known how stupid you are, I would have changed my plans, maybe demanded more money."
Karolus, caught between the tall adults, was having trouble breathing. He shoved against Bartok's legs, "Move! Get away!"
Bartok stepped back and reached for Karolus, "Tell you what. I'll take the boy. Make sure his implants are disabled. And you, you can do whatever you please."
Karolus avoided Bartok's grasp and tried to hide behind Mette, "No! I won't go with you. Stay away from me."
The tall man backed up a little farther in an effort to grab Karolus from behind Mette. She stayed where she was, watching where he put his feet. She saw him put first one foot, then the other, in a loop of cable. As Bartok made another effort to grab Karolus, She tugged on the cable hanging next to her. Bartok didn't notice when the loop tightened around his feet. Suddenly, Mette was moving. She grabbed Karolus, swung him onto her back, and started racing down the corridor. They could hear Bartok's roar as he fell face first onto the floor. She kept running.
She slid around a corner, noting the section identifiers on the wall. Two levels up, they could exit onto a passenger hallway. Mette slid around another corner. Off to the side, something caught her attention but she didn't take the time to fully identify it. She leapt over something in her way and kept going. She slid down a cable to a lower level and ducked into a smaller corridor. There was an open panel on one side of the corridor. Mette slid to a halt and took Karolus off her back. The two of them squeezed into the utility closet and pulled the panel shut. Then they waited.
It was dark and quiet in the corridor. Mette forced her breath to slow. It was too dark for her to see Karolus, to signal him to stay quiet, as he tucked himself into her lap. She would have to trust him. Tears ran down her face. She'd thought Bartok was a friend.
Chapter 23
They stayed in the corridor for what felt like hours. They napped, it was too uncomfortable to fully fall asleep, as they tried to decide if they were still being followed. Finally, they had to move. They had to get out of the utility closet.
As they stood in the corridor, trying to get the kinks out of tight muscles, Karolus looked up at Mette, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean..."
She looked down, "You are not at fault. I thought Bartok, and his family, were friends. I thought your implant was disabled. Now we have to find another way to protect you until we reach your father."
"But it's still 20 days to Astera. Then we have to get to..."
Mette cut him off, "One thing at a time. As he said, I am only a stupid, dishonored dancer."
"You are not stupid. Or dishonored."
"Thank you." She paused to look around. "Perhaps, if they continue to think I am both stupid and dishonored, we will have a better chance of reaching Astera."
Mette started down the corridor, toward the least expensive sections of the ship, Karolus beside her. They crossed several larger corridors but saw no one. At one intersection they found an open tool closet. The boy went in and started looking through the tools.
"What are you looking for?"
"A scanner. To see if my implant is broadcasting."
Mette knew nothing about scanners. She watched him searching through drawers and worried the workmen who'd left the room open might come back.
He finally found what he was looking for. "Mette. Hold this up to me. See if you get a reading."
She followed his instructions, "I do not know how to read this. Perhaps, if you scan me. You can show me what to look for."
Karolus took the scanner back and pointed it at Mette. "That's odd." He lowered the instrument and checked the settings. He pointed it at her again, "Mette, you have an implant."
"I do? Why would I have an implant? I do not remember being implanted."
Karolus showed her the reading. When she scanned the boy, the device failed to find his implant. "Mette. They're tracking you. Not me. We have to disable your implant."
"How?"
"Well. Hello there. Where did you two come from?"
Mette and Karolus hadn't heard the man approach. Now they spun around to face an older man, wearing the uniform of a maintenance worker, standing in the doorway.
Mette bowed her head toward the man, "We are sorry. We should not be here."
"I thought I'd been imagining things. Hearing voices and all. Guess maybe I'm not as crazy as I've been told." The man walked over to Karolus and held out his hand. The boy handed him the scanner. "Checking yourselves for implants? Whatever for?"
Mette didn't know what to say. She'd trusted Bartok and his family. She no longer knew who to trust.
Karolus looked at her and at the maintenance worker, "We've been followed. We were trying to figure out how."
"It's true. An implant does help a tracker." He looked from Mette to Karolus, trying to decide how they were related. "I heard a lot of shouting a few hours ago. Seemed to be coming from somewhere near Section 38, Level 5. Over near the arcade. Some man sounded really unhappy with someone."
Mette looked down, not trusting herself to say anything.
"I see." He studied her more closely, "I've seen you around. With Bartok Anseli. And some dancers." He looked down at the readout on the scanner, "Bartok. Nice enough guy when he gets his way. But, things don't go his way, he can get mean. He the one implanted you?"
Mette looked at the man, "I do not know. There was never a need to check me. I do not know how long the implant has been there."
"I can't remove it. You know that?"
"I have heard the implants can be disabled."
The man nodded, "By the way. My name's Shel."
"I am Mette. This is Karolus."
"Pleased to make your acquaintance." He stepped closer to Mette, "Now. Let's see what we can do about that implant."
It only took a few minutes for him to disable the implant. Then he let Karolus use the scanner on Mette to make sure it no longer registered.
Mette checked the readout Karolus showed her, not knowing what it meant. Then she looked at Shel, "What do we owe you?"
"No. No charge. It's been a quiet day. Everyone else had already called it quits. I was just checking to make sure things were closed up properly." He started to leave, "Do you have a place to stay? Someplace Bartok doesn't know about."
Mette shook her head, "No."
"That could be awkward." Shel turned away as if to leave. Then he turned back, "You're a dancer." Mette started to object. "No. You may not be wearing paint, but those other dancers wouldn't have had anything to do with you unless you were one of them. My wife's cousin, Loki. He isn't that bright and he wasn't all that coordinated as a kid. The school sent him home. But he learned a lot of things about dancers and dancing. About how they keep to themselves and all." He paused, "He dances for us sometimes. Loki'd probably like to learn some more. Would you be willing to show him some dancing?"
Mette bowed her head. What she had taught Karolus was exercise, not dance. For her to teach someone to dance was against the law, "I am not a teacher."
Shel laughed, "Loki's not much of a student. Come on. You can't stay here in the tool room."
Chapter 24
Karolus used the long walk to pepper Shel with questions about the ship. Mette walked behind them, trying to keep an eye out for Bartok or any of the others who followed them. She didn't see anyone, not even any other employees.
Shel led them into the innermost area of the ship. The central core in this section was reserved for employee housing. Passenger cabins, designed for short-term use, were arrayed in long rows, down long corridors, only a single floor in height, toward the outer hull. The employee residences, designed for families to use for years at a stretch, were stacked in irregular columns and connected by an array of catwalks, stairs, ramps, and elevators. Each column consisted of four or five levels of housing. Each level was divided into several units. Small units for single employees. Larger units for families. Between the units were hydroponic gardens where people could grow food or flowers.
They went up two flights of steps and across a wide bridge to one of the housing stacks. Shel opened the door and stuck his head in to call someone. 
An older woman stepped into the entryway, a smile on her face, "Shel. You didn't tell me you were bringing guests." She smiled up at Mette, "I'm Nella. Welcome to our home."
Mette bowed toward the woman, "I am Mette. This is Karolus. We are honored to be invited into your home."
Nella looked at Shel, "A dancer! Loki will be thrilled."
Mette had to bend almost in half to get through the doorway. Once inside she was surprised to find she was able to stand upright. Even some of the furniture looked big enough for her.
Nella noticed her surprise, "Most of the ceilings in these units are high enough for tall people. Doors can be changed out to make getting in and out easier. For some reason Loki prefers the low door."
"I am told Loki started training as a dancer."
"Yes. Didn't stay very long, much as he enjoyed it. The headmaster said something about a lack of grace."
Mette smiled, "That is a common excuse. Headmasters use it when they cannot bring themselves to state the real reason."
Nella laughed, "That would be Loki. You two look tired. How long have you been up? When did you last eat?"
Mette looked down at the boy. He was falling asleep even as he stood next to her. "We have been awake for many hours. I think it is past time for Karolus to sleep. Is there someplace he might lie down?"
"Did you want something to eat first?"
"We ate. I do not think it was that long ago but, I have not kept track of the hours."
Shel picked up Karolus as he sagged to the floor. "Let's put the little one to bed. Then we can fix up a bed for Mette. Loki won't be here until sometime tomorrow."
With Karolus tucked in, she relaxed a little. The other bed in the room they would be sharing was long enough for her to stretch out and, maybe, get some real sleep. Before she went to bed, maybe out of habit, she danced for protection and for the dead.
Mette awoke to the smell of food and the sounds of people getting ready for the day. She dressed before trying to wake Karolus. He was still tired and didn't want to get up. She let him go back to sleep as she went to find their hosts.
"Hello there. How did you sleep? May I get you something to eat?" Nella was wearing a uniform and getting ready to leave for the day.
"Good day to you Nella. It seems you are going out. Do not let me delay you."
"Nonsense. They can do without me for a bit. Sit down. Would you like something to eat?"
Mette nodded, "Yes, please. Suddenly it feels like it has been a long time since last I ate."
Nella put enough food on the table to feed someone much larger than Mette. When she objected Nella laughed again, "I'm used to feeding Loki, I suppose. If Karolus is hungry when he gets up, you could share the leftovers with him."
"Thank you. He was still very tired and did not wish to get up yet."
"Shel told me something about how he came to find you. Sounded like maybe you'd had a rough day." She poured drinks for herself and Mette, "Do you need anything out of your cabin?"
Mette studied the liquid in her cup, "I do not wish you to put yourself in danger. There seem to be several people following us. I do not know if they wish us harm or not."
"Stewards go into cabins all the time, to check on them. Make sure the cleaning drones and climate controls are working. And a steward can clear out your cabin without raising alarms. People change cabins frequently." Nella looked at the tears in Mette's tunic, "I thought you might want a change of clothes. Some personal items maybe."
Mette looked down at her clothes. "I do not have any other clothes. We left Sampara in a hurry. And I was not expecting to be gone so long or to travel so far that I would need more." She ate while she decided what to ask for, "Perhaps. If someone could go to the cabin. The books. For Karolus. They would be desirable." She slid her key onto the table.
"I'll send someone over to get them. It will be end of shift, tonight, before they get here."
"Karolus will enjoy the day off from his studies." Mette watched Nella get ready to leave, "Is there something we can do for you? While you are away?"
"Thanks. No. Enjoy yourselves."
"May I ask? Does Bartok Anseli, or any of his family, live in this section?"
Nella paused, "No. No, they live in a different section. I've never known them to come here. If you're worried, stay inside until one of us gets back."
Mette nodded, "Thank you."
After Nella left Mette looked at her clothes. There were sizable tears in the knees of the trousers and at the shoulder and elbow of the tunic as well as numerous smaller snags and tears elsewhere. She didn't know if any of them could be mended. Her clothing had been intact when they'd stopped for food in the arcade in Section 38. When Karolus awoke, he found her sitting on the floor, in her dance garments, trying to mend a tear in her tunic as tears ran down her face.
"Mette? Why are you crying?"
Mette straightened up and wiped the tears out of her eyes. "I am sorry. There is food on the table for you. Someone will bring your textbooks later."
He walked around and stood in front of her, "But why are you crying?"
She tried to smile, "I seem unable to fix the tears in my clothing. I did not think I was so useless."
"You can buy new clothes. Can't you?"
"I have no money to buy clothes. I have no money to pay Nella and Shel for their hospitality. I have no money to repay Bartok and his family for their help. If we return to our cabin, I am not certain I have enough money for food for the remainder of this trip."
Karolus wrapped his arms around her neck, "I have money. If you let me pay."
"Thank you. But, if you pay, those tracking us will know. Perhaps. When we reach your father. We can ask him for help repaying those who have helped us." Mette untangled herself from the boy's embrace, "You should have something to eat. Then we can discuss what to do until our hosts return."
Chapter 25
It was a quiet day. Mette and Karolus did breathing exercises. They did other exercises. They played word games. And every time they heard someone near the door of the residence, they jumped, afraid it was Bartok or another come to take them away. They were in the bedroom when they heard the door open.
Karolus was the first to see who had entered. He turned around to look up at Mette, "He's tall. But he doesn't look right."
Mette stepped out of the room. The man had his back to them as he looked for something. She watched him for a moment. His back was bent as if he'd spent his life in places that were far too small for him. "Loki?"
The man turned around to stare at Mette, "Who're you?"
"I am Mette. Are you Loki, cousin to Nella and Shel?"
"Yeah. I am. How did you? Where? Why?"
Shel walked in as Loki tried to get his words out, "Hi there. Loki, I see you've met Mette. The little one with her is Karolus. They're going to be staying with us for a while." He slapped Loki on the back, "Come on. Say hello."
Loki looked down at Shel and back up at Mette, "She... But..."
Mette stepped forward, pulling Karolus along behind her. She bowed toward Loki, "Loki. I am Mette. This is Karolus. We are honored to meet you. We apologize if our presence startled you."
Loki's eyes widened with surprise. He looked down at Shel, "A dancer?" He walked toward her. Despite the bend to his back, he was slightly taller than Mette, "You don't wear paint?" He looked back at Shel, unsure if he was seeing correctly, "Do you think?" Shel nodded as if prodding him to continue. Loki turned back to Mette, "Would you dance with me?"
Mette bowed again, "I would be honored to dance with you. Which dances do you perform?"
Loki was astonished. He didn't know what to say. A dancer had said she would dance with him. A real dancer would dance with the clumsy boy who'd been thrown out of dance school. He spun in circles as he tried to contain his excitement.
Shel laughed, "Loki. You're going to wear a hole in the floor. When Nella comes home, you can dance for us. We can ask some friends over and you and Mette can dance for us. But right now, you need to calm down."
Loki had finally found his voice, "Oh yes! Yes! We can dance!" In his excitement he spun and danced his way out the door.
Mette looked at Shel, "Do you know which dances he performs?"
"I wouldn't worry about it. I don't think he learned all that much. You dance, he'll probably try to follow along."
Mette bowed, "Of course. As you wish."
Loki spun his way back into the room, a grin spread across his face.
After Nella returned, and after they'd all eaten, some of the neighbors were invited to come and watch Loki dance. Furniture was moved to make a space for dancing. Loki's dances were popular and the main room of the unit was filled with friends and neighbors. Mette knelt, with her hips on her heels, at one side of the room while Karolus stood beside her.
Loki was nervous. He hadn't danced with a real dancer before, not even in school. Everyone waited quietly while Loki composed himself. Then he began to move to music only he could hear. At first the movement was slow and awkward. Then it picked up speed. Mette was fascinated. She watched, a smile playing on her face. As Loki continued to move faster Mette's smile broadened. Then she began to laugh. Loki suddenly stopped dancing. Everyone in the room turned to stare at Mette as if she'd insulted their friend.
Mette, still laughing, bowed toward Loki, "That was wonderful! I have never seen dancing like that. Will you teach me?"
Loki couldn't believe what he heard, "You. Want me? Teach? But... You."
"Please."
Loki helped Mette to her feet. Then they stood, side by side, in the middle of the room as Loki showed her what to do. She caught on quickly and soon they were dancing together. When Loki slowed down, so did she. Loki was panting. Mette looked as fresh as when she'd started.
Mette bowed to Loki, "Thank you. That was wonderful. You have considerable skill. It is a pleasure to dance with you."
Loki found enough of his voice to respond, "Thank you. Will you dance for me? For us?"
"Which dance would you like?" Mette turned to address the entire room.
People conferred quietly. Then Nella raised her voice so everyone could hear, "A few people have lost family, friends. Isn't there a dance that's done when someone dies?"
Mette bowed, "Yes. There is the Dance of Mourning to remember those who have died. It does not matter if their death was recent. It is to help you remember them. To remember your love for them. To remember the things they loved."
"Could you do it for us?"
Mette bowed to the spectators as she began to compose herself. Then she turned to Loki, "Would you please join me? I joined in your dance. I offer you. Please join me in this dance."
"I don't know the dance."
"While you were in school, you probably saw it performed many times. I think you will remember it. It is a slow dance."
Loki timidly got up and stood behind Mette so he could follow her movements. As she began, Loki carefully copied her movements. He was clumsy. But it didn't matter. He was dancing, in a real dance, with a real dancer. Even the people watching could see the effect it had on him.
When they finished, Mette again bowed to the people in the room. Then she turned and bowed to Loki. "Thank you for your help. The dance is better with more than just one dancer."
Loki bowed in return, "You're welcome. Thank you for letting me join you."
Mette looked at him. He was a few years older than she, with a bent back. But he loved to dance. "I know another dance. One I think you would like better. It is a little faster." She could see Loki's eyes light up, "It is called the Dance of Celebration. Would you please join me?"
"Yes! Yes."
Mette turned back to the other people, "Many dances ask us to remember, or celebrate, the lives of the people we know. The Dance of Celebration is one of them. Each day we have many causes for celebration: the birth of child, a marriage, a job well done, or even a smile from a friend. This is a dance to celebrate all the things for which we are thankful, to help us remember the joy in our life."
Mette bowed to the spectators and to Loki. Then she began to dance. Loki's movements were slightly delayed as he tried to copy each of her moves. But the joy he radiated made up for his clumsiness.
Later, after everyone had left and the unit was quiet, Mette put Karolus to bed. As she arranged the blankets he looked up at her. "Won't you get in trouble for dancing with Loki?"
"Perhaps." Mette knelt on the floor, next to the bed. "Perhaps I would get in more trouble for not dancing with him. I do not know. We owe Shel and Nella a great debt. Dancing with Loki might be thought a small payment to make for their generosity." She adjusted the blanket again. "You need to sleep. Tomorrow you have lessons to do."
After Karolus fell asleep, Mette danced for protection, alone in the darkened room.
Chapter 26
They spent two days shut in Shel and Nella's residence. At the start of the third day both of them felt a need to go out, even if only for a few minutes. As usual, Mette insisted Karolus finish his lessons first.
They stepped out the door and onto the elevated walkway at the mid-level of the column. Below and to their right was a small shopping area where people could buy food, clothing, or other personal items. On the walkway, to their left, they could see a hydroponic garden. There were a lot of people on the walkways and the shops were busy. Mette led the way toward the garden. It looked to be less crowded than the shopping area.
The plants in the garden were arranged in long, wide rows, by planet of origin. There was a line of green plants, from Astera, along the side nearest them. On the far side was a line of plants from Mithr with deep blue foliage. In between were the reds and purples of plants from Sampos, Syr, and Ourris. Within each row were a variety of flowering and edible plants. Some of the plants towered over Mette while others hung down, and over the sides of the platform, threatening to trip the unwary. As they wandered between the rows Mette and Karolus challenged each other to name the different plants. There were other people there, tending to the plants or just enjoying the flowers. A woman leaving the garden offered them pale pink pi apples, native to Mithr, to eat. As they walked further, a man handed them a bag of bright yellow tammer beans, native to Ourris, to take back to Nella and Shel.
Karolus discovered he could crawl under some of the plant trays and hide from view. He became intrigued by the plumbing systems used to supply the plants and was crawling along the ground, under the support trays, when they came to the end of a row.
The voice was familiar, "Hello Mette. I was wondering where you'd disappeared to."
Mette found herself staring up at Bartok. 
"Who're you staying with?" Bartok seemed calm, even pleasant, not like the last time Mette had seen him. "You dashed off down that corridor so fast. I wasn't able to catch up. Will you let me explain?"
Mette felt Karolus' hand on her foot. "Explain?" She watched the people on the walkways behind Bartok. Someone stopped, she wasn't sure who, staying hidden behind the tall man.
"First I'd like to apologize. I hadn't meant to scare you. It just seemed you were taking unnecessary risks. Boredom is one thing, but risking your life just to get something to eat is downright stupid."
"You have said that before."
"And I'll say it again. Have you gotten those implants taken care of?"
Mette calmed herself, forcing her face to remain expressionless, "I do not see why that should concern you."
"Whether I like it or not, it's my job to make sure the boy gets to Astera. Right now, you're in my way. I'm authorized to take whatever means needed to get the boy to the proper people. That would include killing you, if you get in my way. I'm not interested in killing you. There are other things I'd like to do with you. It would be best for all of us if you'd just hand the boy over to me. Then you can do as you please." There was sneer to his voice, "Repaint yourself, go back to Sampos, whatever."
Mette stared past the tall man's shoulder as she considered her next move. Karolus was still on the ground, under the plant trays. She was reasonably sure Bartok couldn't see him. "What other things would you like me for?"
"I offered to take you as wife."
"To renounce my vows and stay with you. I think those were the words of your offer." Mette paused, "That is not the same as an offer of wife."
"You know what I meant."
"No. As you said, I am just a stupid dancer. I have little knowledge of what lies behind your words. You seem to lie easily. That makes it hard for me to understand the meaning behind your words." Mette could see his anger building as she spoke.
Anger caused him to change the tone of his voice to a growl, "What do you want from me?"
"To leave us alone. Otherwise. Nothing. I will repay you, your family, for the food and other things you have given us."
Bartok waved his hand in dismissal. "That's already paid for. After all, I'm supposed to get the brat to Astera. Feeding him is part of the deal. So is trotting him around the ship for entertainment. As for you. I don't really want a wife, especially one as stupid as you seem to be. I'd be happy to leave you alone. Just hand over the boy."
"No."
"What do you mean no?"
"I think the word is simple. No. I will not give you Karolus."
Bartok's anger flashed, "Why you stupid..." He didn't get a chance to finish what he was going to say as he slumped to the ground.
Mette bowed toward Loki who now stood in front of her, "Thank you." She leaned over to pull Karolus out from under the plant trays, "I think it is time we went back to the residence. Before Bartok awakens."
Mette put Karolus on her back and ran back to Shel's residence. People on the walkway stepped aside to let her pass. Once she had passed those same people turned toward the garden. She didn't want to know what might happen. She only wanted to get Karolus to someplace safe.
It was more than an hour before Loki returned to the residence. Mette looked up with worried eyes when he entered, "I am glad for your help. Are you well?"
"I'm okay. Are you okay? How's Karolus?"
"We are uninjured." Mette didn't want to ask what Loki might have done to Bartok. Had Loki's back been straighter, he would have been at least as tall as Bartok. And he was probably stronger.
Loki recognized the worry on Mette's face, "I didn't hurt him. Just knocked him out. With some others, took him back to his place. Told him not to come back."
The door opened as Shel walked in, "I understand there's been some problem?"
Loki nodded, "Bartok. He came. Wanted Karolus."
Shel looked at Mette, "You're alright?"
Mette nodded, "Loki came to our rescue. He was just telling me that Bartok was taken back to his residence."
Shel sighed, "I'm not sure about keeping him there. Nella, or someone else, may be able to convince his family to keep him away. With luck, maybe until after we get you and Karolus off the ship."
Loki looked at Shel, confusion on his face, "Bartok said Mette was in his way. That he was to kill her. Why?"
Shel's eyes opened wide, "Kill Mette? He's supposed to kill you?"
Mette looked up, "He said he was authorized to kill me if I got in his way. He said he is supposed to deliver Karolus to someone on Astera. That all the gifts he gave us were paid for by someone else. I do not know who pays him for this nor why."
Shel looked surprised, "Pays him? He's working for someone else? Other than his family, the people on this ship?"
Mette nodded, "That is how I understood his words." She paused, "I do not understand."
"I don't either. Bartok is the lawyer of record for his family's, and several other families', business interests. I can't imagine he needs more money. I didn't think he was political." Shel stopped and stared at Mette. "You've never said who the boy's parents are."
Mette looked down, "I do not know. Because of where I found him, because we are followed, I suspect his parentage. I have asked him not to tell me. Then I will not be able to accidentally tell another."
Shel looked at Karolus, who was now standing beside Mette, "That's probably smart. Possibly not. But, at this point, I'm not going to ask either."
Two hours later Nella arrived. One of the neighbors, Isela, was with her. They found Mette, in the main room, trying to teach Loki and Karolus some dance steps.
"Mette. I've talked to Isabel Anseli and her brother Alan Karmer, I think you've met them. They offer you their apologies." Nella was unsure how to continue. She looked at Isela for help.
"What Nella's trying to say is... Isabel and Alan got some tale from Bartok about you having been abducted when the ship docked at Mithr. They were surprised when we told them you were still aboard, hiding from Bartok. And Loki's recording, including Bartok's statement that someone was paying him to be nice to you... well. They were pretty upset. Isabel thought he was... well, I guess it doesn't matter. Alan has locked Bartok in a room while he tries to get more information about these other people who pay him. Depending on what Alan can prove, Bartok may lose all his clients, possibly even his standing as a lawyer."
Mette looked down at Karolus, then back at Isela, "I had no wish to hurt him. Only to have him leave us alone."
Nella shook her head, "No, Mette. This really isn't because of you. In his position representing businesses on the ship, he's not supposed to have... I guess you'd call them outside clients. He's supposed to limit himself to representing those businesses and stay away from politics. If he's turned himself into a paid agent for some political concern, like it sounds, then he's caused his own problems. It wouldn't matter who or what the cause was. You just happened to expose it."
"I do not think I understand. I only wish to return Karolus to his family as I promised."
Shel watched the concern on Loki's face with interest, "Loki, you have some time off due to you don't you?"
Loki nodded, "Yes."
"Do you think you could stay here, with Mette and Karolus, for a while? Until we get some of this mess straightened out. You'd be able to take them to the observation deck, or maybe the zoo, or someplace else they'd like to see. Maybe Mette could teach you some new steps in exchange."
Mette looked from Shel to Loki, "We would like to have your company. Perhaps I can show you the dance for celebrating birthdays."
A grin split Loki's face, "Yes! Please. Yes. I will stay with Mette and Karolus. I know many of the animals in the zoo. They're my friends. You'll show me the birthday dance? Yes." When Mette smiled, Loki wrapped his arms around her and lifted her off the ground in a hug.
Chapter 27
Over the next several days those who lived and worked aboard the ship conferred over what should be done with Bartok. He and his family were well known and respected in the community. To have him accused of being a paid agent for a political faction was troubling. While many didn't want to believe such accusations, Loki's recording of Bartok's conversation with Mette was hard to dismiss. Bartok remained locked up, under his uncle's care. Mette and Karolus enjoyed relative peace as they explored the ship with Loki. If the agents saw and recognized them, they did nothing about it. It seemed the various agents didn't want to get too close and possibly anger the big man.
The day after Loki returned to his job Mette and Karolus spent in the residence. They'd explored so much of the ship, they needed a day to catch up. And Karolus had fallen behind in his lessons.
When Shel and Nella returned from their jobs they had news.
Shel started, "Bartok lost his temper. Really lost his temper. He attacked his uncle, Alan, and apparently tried to kill him. Alan claims all he said to Bartok was something along the lines of, 'What would make you threaten to kill a woman like Mette?' He says Bartok flew at him, shouting all sorts of unrepeatable words. It took three big men to separate them. They've patched up Alan, he should be fine in a couple of days, and the constables now have Bartok in custody. I don't think any of us will have to worry about him coming after Karolus for a while."
Mette hung her head. While it was a relief not to have to worry about Bartok, she'd never wanted anyone to be hurt, "You say Alan is not seriously injured? How is Isabel? This must be hard on her."
Nella smiled, "Isabel was one of those who helped break up the fight. I understand she hit her son over the head with something. She may not be anywhere near as big as Bartok, or even you, but she's got a lot of fight in her. She spent years trying to teach Bartok to control that temper of his. She learned a lot of tricks for keeping him in line, they're just a bit harder to apply now that he's so much bigger than she is. Isabel wasn't injured. She's upset right now, but she'll be fine."
Loki walked through the door while Nella was talking.
Mette bowed toward Nella and Shel, "Thank you for your hospitality. Perhaps Karolus and I should return to our cabin."
Loki looked at Mette, "No! No. People still follow you. No. Don't go back. Stay here. You can dance with me. Please stay."
Shel turned around to watch Loki before turning back to Mette. "He's right you know. Bartok is just one of the people you say have been following you. If you go back to your cabin, well, they're probably still watching it."
"Yes. But we are a burden to you. I have no money to pay you for the food or other things you have given us."
"You've danced with Loki. You've taught him dances. He's never been so happy." Nella paused, "You've danced for our friends and neighbors. Several of them have wanted to hire dancers for funerals and other celebrations, but they didn't have the money. I've had several people offer to pay me for an invitation for the next time you dance. If we needed the money, we could charge our neighbors to attend. We don't plan to. But we would like you to stay. If things get tight, I'm sure people will be happy to provide food or whatever else we need. And, after seeing how small your cabin is, I'm sure you'd be more comfortable here."
Karolus tugged at Mette's tunic and looked up at her with a pleading expression, "Please."
Mette was still unsure. She looked at Loki, Shel, and Nella again. Their welcome seemed real but Mette had been so wrong about Bartok. She looked back down at Karolus before making a decision. "Thank you. Your generosity is great. If we become too much, please let me know and we will return to the cabin."
Loki danced across the room, nearly knocking over Shel, to give Mette a hug, "Thank you! Thank you. Will you dance with me tonight?"
Chapter 28
Mette danced with Loki again and again while they stayed with Shel and Nella. While she agreed with his headmaster that Loki lacked grace, she was impressed with his enthusiasm. Three days from Astera, Nella sent someone to get the rest of Mette's things from their cabin.
"Mette? I've got the rest of the stuff from your cabin. At least I'm told this is everything. Let me know if something got missed." Nella handed the bag to Mette.
Mette looked through the bag. Everything seemed to be there, "Yes. This is complete. You had already gotten all of Karolus' things for us. This was all I brought."
"No change of clothes? No cloak or coat? Just some paint, a few dance garments, and some stale crackers? Nothing else?"
Mette looked at the bag in her hands, "We left suddenly. I took what I could put in the bag in the few minutes we had. I thought to return to the humsoa in a few days."
"Where are you going on Astera?"
"Deshanti province. It is summer there. Hot and windy."
"I've heard about Deshanti weather. You and the boy need something to protect you from that wind. Let me see if someone has anything you can wear."
"Thank you Nella but, I have no money for such things. I cannot pay for new garments."
"Who said anything about money? Or new? Let me talk to some friends. I'm sure we can scare up some clothes that would fit you two. They may not be very fashionable, but they might be in better shape than what you're wearing."
The night before the ship was to dock at Astera, Mette and Loki danced again. This time Mette's tunic and trousers didn't have tears. Even Karolus had new, used clothes, and their bags had been filled with food for the trip from the port out to Deshanti.
Chapter 29
As the ship neared the docking thread, Mette and Karolus went with Shel to the cargo area. Instead of going down with the other passengers, they were going to go down with the cargo. It would shorten the transit from four hours to a bit more than two hours. It would also help hide them from some of those still looking for them. They said a final farewell to Shel and found a place near the door of the cargo carriage. Once they were settled, Shel signaled for the carriage to be sealed. Mette and Karolus felt the air pressure change as the doors shut.
"Mette?"
"Yes Karolus."
"Does this carriage have life support?"
"Shel said it does. I hope he is correct."
There were no windows in the carriage. There were no lights. Once the doors shut, they were in darkness. They felt the carriage being attached to the thread. Then their feet left the floor as the carriage began its rapid descent to the surface.
Two hours later the doors opened, letting in light and warm air. Mette picked up Karolus and stepped out, much to the surprise of the attendant. Mette nodded toward the woman as she walked past. Then she headed for the nearest exit.
The train to Deshanti launched only moments after they got on board. This was an express train, it would only stop once or twice in each province. That meant fewer opportunities for anyone to take Karolus. Mette relaxed a little.
From their seats on the train they could watch the lush green landscape of Barneth province speed by. From Barneth, the train continued through Mylan and Poon provinces. On the far side of Poon the greenness began to fade. Adena province still had some green plants and a few small streams. From Adena, the train crossed the mountains and entered Deshanti. The view gradually changed to a flat, sandy landscape surrounded by high, barren mountains. There were a few low plants, most of which appeared to be dead or dormant, waiting for the winter rains. The train docked at the station in Deshala, the largest town in the province. Mette helped Karolus collect his things as they got off.
Deshala lacked definition. The low buildings were much the same color as the surrounding land. Attempts at other colors soon suffered the effects of blowing sand and strong sunlight. Windows were soon scarred. Any bright colors faded in the harsh sunlight. People wore long coats or cloaks, to protect them from blowing sand, in colors that blended into the landscape.
Mette pulled cloaks out of their bags. She fastened hers before helping Karolus put his on. She helped him raise the protective hood and close the face shield. Then she closed up her hood and led the way out of the station.
Wind howled down the narrow street, threatening to lift Karolus off his feet. Their cloaks, old and worn, offered protection against the wind. But the cooling units in the cloaks no longer worked and did nothing to lessen the stifling heat. Karolus tried to tell Mette something but she couldn't hear him over the howl of the wind. She led the way to a small hotel not far from the station. They stepped into the airlock at the front door and nearly fell over as the wind was blocked. Inside they were greeted by almost total silence.
Mette found the check-in kiosk and entered her information. A room was available. Thanks to Nella, Shel, and their friends, they had money to pay for a room with a bed large enough for her.
The room was almost as barren as the landscape outside. There was one large bed, a small cot, two chairs, and a small table. There were no pictures on the walls or fancy covers on the bed. Everything in the room echoed the same drab colors of the outside. 
Karolus looked around, distressed, "Mette? How long are we staying here?"
Mette hung their cloaks from pegs on the wall, "I do not know. It depends on how quickly we can locate your father."
"Were we followed?"
"I think so. He is new. Not one of those from the ship. But I think he follows us."
"How do we get to my father?"
"We will discuss that. Are you hungry?"
"Yes, but... Do we have to go back outside? I didn't see anything that looked like a restaurant in the hotel." Karolus wasn't eager to face the winds again.
Mette smiled, "Nella insisted we accept food as well as clothing and money. We do not need to go out." She dug some packages out of her bag and put them on the table. "It will not be fancy. But it will mean we do not have to go out into the wind again today."
"Is it always like this? Windy and hot?"
"No. During the winter the rains come. Then the winds stop and the temperatures cool. It can be quite pleasant during the winter and spring."
"This is your home?"
"Yes. There is a small town. Some distance from here. Near the mountains." Mette didn't want to remember.
"What's it like?"
"I do not understand."
"The town. How big is it? What's it like?"
"Lindl is very small. Only a few hundred people, I think. The town is built on the side of the mountain, not far above the floor of the valley. There are some trees. In the spring, the plants turn green and there are flowers on the hills."
"Do you have any brothers and sisters?"
This was not the sort of question Mette wanted to answer, "I do not know."
"Why not?" That Mette had no knowledge of her family confused Karolus.
"I was very young when I was sent to the school. Once there, I did not see my family again."
"You haven't seen your family since you started school? But..."
"The headmaster felt it was easier for students. Some were sent home, dismissed like Loki and Bartok. Those who stayed... We were not allowed visits."
"Then. Your school is in Lindl, not your family."
"The school is in Lindl. I do not know who or where my family is." Mette couldn't bring herself to ask Karolus to stop asking such questions. As much as she disliked the subject, her training didn't allow her to tell him to stop. She tried changing the subject instead. "Do you know where we might find your father?"
"He should be in Serra, at the palace. At least he'd probably spend most of his time there. He might be traveling. He likes to travel."
Mette had hoped this trip would be easier. Going to Serra meant going back the way they'd come. "Do you know how to find him?"
"I could contact the palace."
Mette considered what that might mean. They were being followed. Letting Karolus contact the palace might bring an official vehicle to their rescue or it might just identify them to their shadows. "Is there any other way to locate him?"
"Maybe the news feeds. They can be wrong though. Sometimes they get false information."
"Perhaps the news feeds would be a good place to start."
After they finished eating they spent several hours going through various news feeds to see if they could locate Karolus' father. It didn't take long for Mette to decide who they needed to locate.
Chapter 30
Morning arrived with bright sunlight, searing heat, and howling wind. Even though the hotel was heavily insulated, it sounded as if the wind was blowing through the room. Karolus found the sound unnerving and couldn't understand how it was that Mette didn't seem to notice.
From the information they could gather from the news feeds, it seemed a part of the court might be in Deshanti province soon. It looked like they might be going to the area near Lindl, to a lodge the royal family had in the area. Though she felt she knew who his father was, Mette had still not asked Karolus for his father's identity. She was still afraid someone would ask her things about the boy that she didn't want to answer. 
Before mid-day, before the day reached its hottest, they checked out of the hotel. Then Mette hired a vehicle for the three-hour trip to Lindl. Vehicles brought in from other provinces frequently needed re-fitting to be used during Deshanti summers. The wind-blown sand, with its high metal content, clogged some instruments and confused others. Even specially designed vehicles sometimes had problems. The vehicle they hired was the only one the agency had that was big enough for Mette. It was old, with paint scoured by more than one season's worth of blowing sand, but they were assured it was mechanically sound. As if to test the claim, they took off in a blinding sandstorm and headed north, toward the mountains. 
Karolus didn't like the howling winds and blowing sand any more than he liked the heavy traveling cloak. "Mette? What happens if the vehicle breaks down?"
"We call for help. Another vehicle will be sent to pick us up." She noticed his concern, "These vehicles are built to fly in this kind of weather."
"But... Will we be staying at your old school?"
The change in subject caught Mette off guard, "No. I am not a dancer. We would not be welcome."
"But you are a dancer. Why wouldn't they accept you?"
"I wear no colors. To them I would seem dishonored."
"Then where will we stay?"
"Another hotel. Like last night." Mette could see that something was bothering Karolus, "What worries you?"
"What if my father isn't there? What if he won't take me back?"
"Why would your father not take you back?"
Karolus turned away from Mette. "Everyone else is dead. My mother. My older brother and sister. My aunts and uncles. My cousins. I was the unimportant one."
"You are not at fault for what happened at the celebration. You could not trade your life for theirs. You could not stop the bomb from killing them. You could not bring any of the dead back to life." She wished she could have saved Pánfilo, but there had been no warning of the attack. "With the death of the others, you will seem that much more special to your father. He will feel fortunate to have you."
A gust of wind hit the vehicle from the side and threatened to overturn it. Karolus was thrown into Mette's lap. She wrapped her arms around him as the vehicle recovered and continued toward Lindl. The blowing sand obscured details in a haze of red dust. Even the mountains looming ahead of them were hard to see. There was nothing for them to watch out the windows except blowing sand.
The vehicle came to a stop in front of a small hotel on the upper side of Lindl. The locator unit had said this hotel had vacant rooms but as Mette regarded the building through the windows it didn't look like they were still in business. She left Karolus in the vehicle as she went to check.
A woman appeared from a back room, "May I help you?"
"I would like a room. For, perhaps, two nights."
The woman scanned Mette's height, "I don't have anything for someone of your size." She turned as if to walk away.
"Please. Could you tell me the name of a place that might have a suitable room?"
The woman turned back to face Mette. "Most of the rooms in town are rented. Seems some of the royals have come for a visit." She snorted, "In the middle of the summer. How crazy can they get?" She made a show of dusting the counter, "You could try Noxosus. She might have a couple beds left. Her place isn't the kind that royals and their hangers-on like."
"Where would I find Noxosus?"
"Down the hill. Toward the ryat."
Mette remembered the area. It was where the school was. It had been the worst section of town, "Is hers the place across from the dance school?"
"That's the one."
"Thank you." Mette returned to the vehicle and Karolus. She entered directions into the vehicle's navigation system and waited for them to engage.
The boy watched her, worry lines on his forehead, "What's wrong?"
"There were no rooms available. We need to go elsewhere."
"But what's wrong?"
"This place will not be as nice as the one last night. Just remember, it is only for a short time."
Ryat was the name the people in Lindl used for the area on the downhill side of town. The area was occupied by the garbage dump and sewage disposal station. The ryat attracted vermin of many types. And, for some obscure reason, that was where the town had decided to put the dance school. Mette remembered the smells and sounds of the ryat, but not with fondness.
Noxosus' hotel, if it could be called such, was known as a place where you could get a cheap room, cheap liquor, drugs, and almost anything else you could imagine. Rumor claimed there had been several murders committed within its rooms. It was not someplace to take a child. Certainly it was not a place where someone such as Karolus would ever expect to stay.
When the vehicle stopped in front of Noxosus' hotel Mette hesitated. The low building facing the narrow street was in worse shape than she remembered. The roof sagged. There were gaps where the winds had pulled parts of the roofing back. The plants beside the front door, drought-tolerant natives, had died. No one had replaced them or removed the dead carcasses. This time Mette didn't leave Karolus in the vehicle. She wrapped him within the folds of her cloak and took him in.
Noxosus was sitting just inside the front entrance, a bottle and glass on the table in front of her. She was old and wrinkled and missing two fingers on her left hand. The left side of her face sagged. Her garments were stained. Her shoes were badly worn. She looked much the same as the last time Mette had seen her.
"Wha'cha want?" Her voice held a mixture of gruff annoyance and ill-tempered whine.
Mette opened the face shield of her cloak, "I would like a room. For two nights."
Noxosus looked at Mette more closely, "I remember you. You're one of the brats from across the street. Where's that boy you used to be with?"
Mette could think of several things she would have preferred to talk about. But Noxosus' manner had always been direct, "Dead."
"Sorry to hear that." It wasn't the response Mette had expected and her surprise showed, "Mind you, my flowers did better once you two stopped trying to take care of them for me. You like to drowned the lot of 'em."
"We did not mean to damage your flowers. We thought..."
Noxosus laughed. It was a raspy sound, like she had a lung full of sand, "You were kids. I'm sure taking care of flowers wasn't part of your training." She noticed as Mette's cloak moved, "What you got tucked under that cloak?"
Mette unsealed her cloak and pushed Karolus forward. He'd had trouble breathing while sealed in her cloak and had opened his face shield.
"Cute kid. Not tall enough to dance. Looks a lot like you though." Noxosus pulled herself to her feet. Her back was bent almost as badly as Loki's and her legs didn't straighten. She stood only slightly taller than Karolus. "I have a room, way in the back, quiet, big furniture. What name do you want to put on the registration?"
Mette bowed to her, "Thank you. Whatever name you prefer would be acceptable."
Noxosus entered some information in her logs and held out a key to Mette. "You two need anything to eat? At the back of the property, behind the room, there's a little place. They do decent food. Prices aren't outrageous. The clients aren't so rowdy as at some of the other places around here."
Mette bowed again as she took the key, "Thank you. We will try it."
She helped Karolus get back into the vehicle for the short ride to the back of the property. Mette wasn't ready to send the vehicle back to the leasing agency, she still needed it, so she parked it in a shed next to the room.
The room was large and had a high ceiling. Pánfilo or Ysold would have found it comfortable. They would even have found the beds big enough. Karolus climbed into a chair, with difficulty, and looked around. There were three beds, a table, four chairs, and an ancient entertainment unit in the main room. There was a lavatory at one side and an enclosed porch with a view, through the blowing sand, of the valley floor on the other. Everything was enormous. Everything was scaled for dancers.
Mette brought in their bags, dropped them on a bed, and walked out to the porch. The black and red sands of the valley floor formed wide swaths of color that washed up against yellow shores at the foot of blue-gray mountains. The spindly bushes near the building swayed in a gentle breeze as the wind lifted above the ground. The sun shone as a pale disk barely visible through the red sand hanging in the air.
Karolus climbed out of the chair and followed her, "How do you know the owner? What did she mean about her flowers?"
Mette smiled as she looked out across the valley, "Some of us, from the school, used to sneak out. We got into a lot of trouble if we were caught. Pánfilo and I were good at slipping in and out of the school, or so we thought. At the time, Noxosus had a big flower garden with all kinds of wonderful plants. Some of the flowers were huge. Big enough so we could hide behind them. But sometimes, even in the spring, they looked wilted, so Pánfilo and I would try to water them. We usually ended up with more water on us than on the plants. Noxosus would help us dry off and give us treats before she sent us back to the school. I suspect she also told the headmaster where we were."
"But she recognized you."
"The last time we were here was shortly before we took our colors, almost seven years ago. Noxosus had been sick. She had just returned here. Pánfilo and I came over to see her." Mette looked down at Karolus. "We can either eat the food we brought with us, or we can go to the restaurant Noxosus told us of. Which do you prefer?"
Chapter 31
The next morning Mette insisted Karolus do breathing exercises with her before starting his lessons. Once she had him busy, she put on her cloak and went out to the vehicle. She looked at the navigation display. She didn't want to program in her destination. If she did, the destination would be relayed to the central computers for the rental agency. She activated the voice control instead.
"Destination?"
"Exit parking shed and turn right, 90 degrees."
The vehicle backed out of the shed and turned itself toward the right. Then it waited for the next direction.
"Proceed at legal altitudes, within legal speed limits, for fifteen lems."
The vehicle rose over the roof of the building and proceeded forward.
Mette watched the skies and ground to see if anyone might be following. There was enough traffic that it was hard to tell. The navigation unit beeped when the vehicle neared the fifteen lem distance she had specified. "Turn left, twenty degrees. Continue at legal speed and altitude for ten lems."
The vehicle quietly followed her directions.
It took almost an hour, at the leisurely pace dictated by local speed limits, to reach the gates of the royal lodge nestled against the mountain above the town. Mette searched her memory for the access code that would allow her to continue into the compound. Palace employees were given a set of access codes that would let them through the gates of each palace. She just had to remember which code was required at this lodge. When the vehicle was challenged, she was ready, "Access requested. Code equal Karenth Parsetti seven nine three Maliki."
Access was granted. The vehicle was now under the control of the compound's traffic manager. The vehicle was directed to a parking space and put down. She sealed her face shield before getting out.
Two armed guards, both much shorter than Mette, were waiting for her. "I request audience with the emperor."
The guards said nothing. They merely directed she follow them across the parking area, toward the main building. The structure was built close to the ground and into the hillside, with a broad stairway leading down, not up, to the main entrance. Wind shields covered the windows, blocking any view of the valley they might have had. Mette and her guards walked down the stairs. As they neared the massive door, more than tall enough for the tallest dancers to walk through without ducking, other guards swung it open. Mette had the impression she was expected.
The entry hall was an enormous square room with broad stairs leading up to another level. At the top of the steps was a walkway that wrapped three sides of the room. Several corridors led off the open hallway into the building. Opposite the main door was a large window looking out onto an enclosed garden. The ceiling, far above Mette's head, echoed the stepped levels of the floor. There were some banners, a few statues and chairs, and lots of empty floor. There were perhaps twenty people, all of normal height, who turned to watch as she was escorted in. All of them wore the formal suits required of palace administrative staff. One of them separated himself from those he had been speaking with and walked toward her. Her guards came to a halt. Mette, with her face shield and cloak still sealed, stood between the guards and waited.
The man didn't move quickly. It took him a while to walk down the few steps from the back of the room to the main level. Mette could see he was in the habit of command. His suit was expensive, but not fancy. His hair was gray and his face lined. She didn't recognize him from Sampara, but that meant little. There were hundreds of people who worked in each of the different palaces.
When he finally stood within a reasonable speaking distance, he looked up at Mette, "How may I assist you?"
"I request audience with the emperor."
"Anything you wish to tell him, you may tell me. I will relay your message."
"I request audience with the emperor. Not with you."
"But the emperor is not available. He is quite busy. Allow me to take your message to him."
Mette kept her voice level, calm, "I wish to speak with the emperor."
The man was beginning to lose his patience. He signaled to someone behind him, without bothering to turn around, "Then let me introduce you to the emperor."
Mette watched the man walking across the room toward her, "That is not the emperor."
"How would you know what the emperor looks like?"
"You would not have signaled to the emperor in that manner. That is how one calls a servant, not a superior."
The man was beginning to losing his temper, "Give me your message. I will take it to the emperor."
Mette scanned the room, easily seeing over the man's head. Others were paying attention to their exchange. She looked down, her face still hidden behind the shield, and regarded the man calmly, "I request audience with the emperor."
The man was now angry. He raised his voice so everyone in the room could hear him, "What is so important that you need to talk to the emperor? If you give me the message I will see that he gets it. There is no need for you to waste his time."
"I request an audience with the emperor. It is my right as a citizen of the empire."
"And why would some dancer need to talk to the emperor? You can't possibly have anything of importance to say to him."
She was about to repeat her request when she noticed people in the room changing their manner. The man standing in front of her suddenly bowed toward someone behind her. She turned around. Emperor Mirabilis was standing behind her. Mette immediately knelt to face him, resting her hips on her heels and her forehead on the ground.
Emperor Mirabilis was tall, for a normal person. The top of his head almost reached Mette's shoulder. The hair framing his strong face showed strands of silver. His suit, though it looked expensive, was plainer in style than those of most of his courtiers, "You have been quite adamant about addressing me. I'm curious to know what you have to say. But first, I request you remove your face shield. What is it you have to say to me?" Dancers had their own rules for showing respect to the royal family. Mette's reaction to his presence had been immediate, marking her as not merely a tall woman, but as a dancer.
Mette removed the shield and sat back on her heels while keeping her head bowed, "Your majesty, I have brought you a gift from Sampara. From the palace."
Emperor Mirabilis studied her face, "You are one of my dancers. Though the last time I saw you, you were wearing your colors, blue on white. What has happened? What caused you to remove your colors?"
Mette was surprised. She'd only been with the royal humsoa for two years. How would the emperor recognize her? "It was felt... My colors might cause difficulty on the journey." She'd been expected, she was now sure of it.
"Where is your partner? The tall dancer in red."
"Your majesty, Pánfilo, like many others, died when the palace was attacked."
The emperor bowed his head, "I have heard of the attack. I am sorry to hear about your partner." He waited for a response. When none came he resumed speaking, "This gift. Have you brought it with you?"
"No, your majesty. I needed to make sure you were here."
"And what would you like in exchange for this gift?" Emperor Mirabilis was accustomed to having people ask for things, sometimes quite costly, in exchange for so called gifts.
Mette raised her head to look the emperor in the eyes. Several attendants gasped at her rudeness and presumption. 
The emperor waved their objections away, "What would you like?"
Mette seemed to sag a little as she looked away, "I would like... I would like to have my friends repaid the money they loaned me for this trip. I would like a doctor to restore Jeroli's ability to walk. I would like to repay those who helped me with food, housing, and clothing, during this trip. I would like... I would like the different schools and humsoas to each select a day. Each year on that day they would perform The Dance of Mourning and the Dance of Celebration in a public place, for any who wished to see the dances. I would like the attack on the palace at Sampara, on other places, not to have happened. I would like those people to live. I would like to reclaim my colors." She leaned forward and touched her forehead to the floor.
Emperor Mirabilis smiled as he looked at the tall woman prostrated in front of him, "I am merely an emperor. Some of what you ask is not in my power to grant."
Mette sat back up, "You asked what I would like. These are things I would like. I demand nothing."
"And if I agree to your terms. When might I receive this gift?"
"I can return with it in two hours. Three hours at the most."
Emperor Mirabilis turned to the man who had first questioned Mette, "Faland, get the names and locations of the people who should be repaid and how much is owed them. Bring me the list when this woman leaves so that I know when to expect her return."
Chapter 32
Mette instructed the vehicle to use a different route back to Noxosus' hotel. The emperor, and perhaps all of his security people, already knew who she was and where she was staying. They probably also knew where Karolus was and could have taken him from her. But she still felt like she needed to take precautions.
Karolus was just finishing his lessons when Mette returned. He looked up from his reading as she walked in, "Mette. Where did you go?"
"I went to see your father. He would like me to take you to him. Are you ready to leave?"
Karolus started to pack his things.
"You do not need to take anything with you. Just put on your cloak and face shield."
He stopped to stare at Mette. Then he scanned the room, as if trying to remember something. Finally he grabbed his cloak and put it on. She helped him seal it and put on the face shield before leading him out to the vehicle.
Mette instructed the vehicle to use yet another route back to the royal lodge. Again, there was no sign of anyone following them. This time there was no challenge at the gate of the compound. Before they got out Mette wrapped Karolus into the folds of her cloak. It would make the walk into the lodge more awkward, but it was the last bit of protection she could offer him.
Again, guards escorted her into the building. Faland was waiting for her, watching time pass, waiting for her to fail. As soon as he saw her he sent someone off at a run, presumably to notify the emperor. When her guards halted near the middle of the room, so did Mette. Then everyone waited.
Emperor Mirabilis walked into the room only a couple of minutes after Mette arrived. Several people followed him. One was the very short woman from the restaurant on the ship, the one who had said they were in danger. She was smiling. One of the men in the group, wearing a suit like any other courtier, towered over the rest. Mette didn't recognize him.
The emperor stepped forward, "I see you have returned as you promised. Did you bring my gift?"
Mette had removed her face shield but was still standing. Instead of kneeling before the emperor, she bowed her head, "Yes, your majesty, I have." She freed the seal on her cloak and pulled it back to reveal Karolus, still cloaked.
Karolus looked up at Mette as if seeking permission. At her nod he dashed across the room, "Papa! Papa!"
Emperor Mirabilis caught the boy and removed his face shield, "Karolus. It is you." He wrapped his arms around his son as he looked at Mette, "Thank you. This is indeed a worthy gift."
As the emperor returned his attention to Karolus, Mette turned and left. Her guards were caught by surprise and had to hurry after her. She put her face shield on before going outside even though the wind wasn't blowing very hard.
She didn't bother to try to evade anyone on her way back to Noxosus'. There was no longer any need. She entered the hotel room and collapsed in a chair. Tears streamed down her face. She had managed to return the boy, unharmed, to his father. Just as she had been instructed, as she had promised. But Pánfilo was dead. She'd been stripped of her colors. The palace and the humsoa in Sampara had been destroyed. And she was back on Astera, in Lindl. She had no idea what she was going to do. She and Pánfilo had talked of renouncing their vows and leaving the humsoa but they had had no idea where they would go or how they would make a living. They had even thought of asking the school in Lindl for information on how to find their families. Instead they'd stayed in the humsoa and put up with the gossip about how they'd gotten the position as well as the rude comments regarding Mette's height. Now she was alone.
Mette picked up the reading slab and book inserts. She needed to send them back to Christos. Karolus' borrowed clothes could be given to some child in the ryat, he no longer needed them. Perhaps someone at the school would help. She didn't want to think about what she would do. She counted up the last of the money she'd been given by Nella and Shel and their friends. It was enough to buy a meal for herself. She went to the restaurant Noxosus had mentioned, just behind the hotel.
She returned as the sky began to darken and the winds started to die down for the night. Noxosus no longer had a garden for children to play in. The space between the building where the garden had once been, providing Mette and Pánfilo a playground, was empty except for blowing sand. The buildings needed repairs. She hung her head and turned toward the room. She had no more money to pay Noxosus. She had no one she could turn to for help.
She opened the door and stepped into the airlock. She unsealed her borrowed cloak and walked into the room. Noxosus was sitting in a small chair that hadn't been there earlier. A man, as tall and slender as a dancer, was sitting in one of the other chairs. Mette recognized him from the royal lodge.
"About time you came back. I didn't know it took so long to eat a meal." Though her tone was gruff, Mette could hear the teasing in Noxosus' voice.
The man watched Mette as he addressed Noxosus, "I do not think she remembers me."
Mette stared at him. She found herself sorting through dozens of faces as she tried to place him. Finally she remembered, "Thys. You caught me sneaking back into school with Pánfilo, more than once. You used to wear white with red."
Thys laughed, "Yes. And I threatened to tell the headmaster about your escapes. More than once."
"But you didn't. Then you took your colors."
"And I was promptly shipped off to the watery wilds of Falstan on Syr. It rained so much it became hard to tell which was red paint and which was red mold." He watched Mette for a minute. Her eyes were still red from crying, "Karolus has told his father an amazing tale. A tale of a massive explosion, the death of his nurse, his sister, of many others, and of a dancer who led him to safety through the bowels of the palace. Of dancers who took him along as they fled the fighting around the palace. Of one who shed her colors to accompany him on a long journey. One who helped him hide, who protected him, who even flew through the air with him clinging to her back. Despite the accounts of the agents who located you on The Astrean Sun, Karolus' father is unsure how much to credit of this tale and how much to dismiss as childish imagination."
Mette finished removing her cloak. She carefully hung it on a hook near the door, "Karolus is not fond of exaggeration. His story would be correct."
"The emperor has also told me of your request, to regain your colors."
Mette settled in a chair across from Thys and Noxosus, "Yes."
"Even though you are his daughter?"
"Daughter? Why would you say I am the daughter of the emperor?"
"During your journey, several people followed you. They were looking for Karolus. They had tracked him as far as Karpati School when his implant went dead. Then a boy who looked much like Karolus was seen boarding The Astrean Sun in the company of a tall woman with the manner of a dancer. They managed to get something that could be checked for DNA and identified not only Karolus, but a sister they had not known about. Then they discovered she had an implant that let them follow at a distance. When her implant also went dead they were again at a loss. Someone spotted you as you got out of a cargo carriage at the port." Thys shook his head, "You will have to tell me about that trip some time." He paused, "If you wish, Emperor Mirabilis is willing to name you as his daughter. As Karolus' older sister. You would hold a place of honor. You would be able to retake the name you had before entering school. Your vows would be honorably vacated. You would be allowed to marry, to have children of your own. Or. Or you can resume your place as an anonymous dancer in one of the royal humsoas."
Mette looked at her hands, at Thys, at Noxosus, and out at the darkening sky, "Now who tells amazing tales?" She looked back at Thys, "I have no training that would allow me to assume such a position. I am a dancer. A short and, perhaps, not very graceful dancer, but it is what I know. Why would the emperor wish to claim such a child?"
Noxosus shifted position in her chair, "Hmph. You've always been a bit on the odd side. Giving up the throne, since you're the older child, may be a very grand gesture but it's rather silly. You could learn to rule, others have. The current emperor didn't have any particular training before taking the throne. If I remember correctly, he taught history at some college on Syr. He was elevated after most of the rest of the royal family died. He's done okay. I've often wondered if he took the name mirabilis because it seemed so unlikely he'd ever rule. The emperor wouldn't name you as heir unless he felt you were able to rule. Karolus might still inherit, even if you assume your place as his daughter."
Mette looked at her. The memory of the attack on the palace still bothered her, "Perhaps. But Princess Laurette is dead. Blown to thousands of shreds, some of which I may have worn in my hair as I fled."
Noxosus' expression was flat, "Being a dancer doesn't offer you any particular protection. It might even offer you less protection. Your friend Pánfilo is dead. Killed in the same explosion as the princess. How many pieces was he in?"
"One. His throat was slit by a ceiling tile."
Thys decided to change the subject, "You requested that schools and humsoas perform some dances publicly, why?"
"I met many people who said they had no money to pay dancers to celebrate with them. They were unaware that we dance for them every day. If we dance in public, so they can see, maybe they will not fear us so."
The arguments continued for several hours. Noxosus felt Mette should claim her place as heir to the throne. Thys refrained from offering his opinion knowing it would have a greater influence on Mette's choice than anything Noxosus said. He merely wanted to make sure she would not regret whichever choice she made.
Finally Thys called a halt, "We are not getting anywhere with these arguments. Mette needs to sleep. I need to sleep. Noxosus, stubborn as you are, even you need to sleep. Mette, come to the school in the morning. Ask for me. Do not let the gatekeeper turn you away. Bring me the things you want sent back to Christos and give me your decision. I have promised to take you back to the emperor in the afternoon. He wants to talk to you."
Chapter 33
The sun rose in a strangely quiet sky. A rare cessation of the summer winds meant clear skies and gentle breezes, if only for a few hours. Mette stood near the window to stare, unseeing, at the valley below. She had not yet reached a decision. And, at most, she had an hour before Thys would come looking for her. She forced herself to dress and collect the things to send back to Christos.
Mette studied the wooden door at the entrance to the school. It looked much the same as that for any other school though maybe dustier and with more cracks. Mette raised her hand to knock, to request entrance from the gatekeeper. Before her hand reached the door it swung open to reveal Thys, dressed to go out.
"There you are. I was just going to see if you had decided to leave town without talking to me."
Mette smiled, "And where would I go? How would I support myself? I am a dancer without colors. Without colors I cannot even ask a humsoa for a position."
"Come in. Inside is more comfortable than standing in the doorway. We should at least be comfortable as we talk." Thys led Mette to his office, "This place must look familiar to you." The room had shelves on three sides, stacked with old dataslips, reading slabs, inventory lists, and other such things. A desk at one side of the room held a newer data center. On the other side of the room were three large chairs and two smaller chairs in a group. A low table was positioned near the chairs. There was a small rug under the table. Otherwise, the wooden floor was bare.
"Yes. But Pánfilo was the more frequent visitor."
Thys looked around the room with a smile, "After all the time I spent here while a student, it still makes me uncomfortable even though I am now headmaster."
Mette put the small bag Karolus had used on the low table. "This contains the reading slab and book inserts that Christos loaned me. His budget makes it difficult to replace such things. I promised to return them as soon as I could."
Thys collapsed into a chair as he invited Mette to sit, "I suspect the emperor may have made some adjustments to the budgets of the Napoli and Karpati Schools. Just as he has reimbursed your friends. I understand a doctor will attend to Jeroli's injury soon."
Mette nodded, "Thank you. Still, I promised to return these." 
"I will send them out today. They should not take as long to get there as you and Karolus took to get here." Thys watched her fidget. He knew Mette hadn't yet made a decision, "When you took your colors, did you and Pánfilo stay together?"
"No. Our colors were not considered harmonious. The difference in our height was also considered disharmonious. Pánfilo was sent to Quom, on Ourris. I was sent to Astri Platform, between Astera and Syr."
"How did you both get positions in Sampara, at the palace?"
"A dancer had left the royal humsoa. There was a competition to find a replacement. Pánfilo sent for me. He had changed his colors and we competed as a team though our colors and heights were even less harmonious than they had been when we were parted." It had been an exciting, stressful three days of practice and competition.
"Pánfilo changed his colors? Why?"
"Another dancer at Quom wore a very similar color and pattern. They were often confused. Pánfilo requested he be allowed to change." She had suspected there were other reasons for the change but she'd never asked.
"It is not often one is granted the right to change colors." Thys was silent for a moment, "When you won the competition at Sampara, you were both accepted to the humsoa?" When she nodded he continued, "But others wondered about your win."
Mette didn't know how Thys knew about the accusations. Maybe headmasters exchanged information. "Yes. Between rounds, someone from the royal family was seen talking to the judges. Then the judges looked displeased to announce us as winners. There were rumors."
"But none said it was because you were related to the emperor?"
Mette shook her head. Many of the accusations had been unbelievable, some had been silly. But to suggest a dancer was related to the emperor, no, that had been too far fetched even for a rumor.
They continued talking about schools, humsoas, dancers, and patrons. It wasn't until it was almost time to go to the emperor that Thys asked if Mette had made a decision. Then they took his vehicle to the royal lodge where Faland waited to greet them.
Chapter 34
Faland led them up the stairs at the back of the entry hall, down a broad hall, and into a library. Some of the furniture in the room was sized for tall people. There were statues of dancers on the tabletops. There were paintings of dancers on the walls. Many of the images seemed to be of the same woman, a dancer who wore no colors. Emperor Mirabilis entered the room, Karolus next to him. They were followed by several others.
Karolus saw Mette and ran to greet her, "Mette! Are you coming to live with us? Please. Please, come live with us."
She smiled at the boy as she and Thys knelt and bowed to the emperor. As soon as she lifted her head from the floor Karolus wrapped his arms around her.
Emperor Mirabilis looked at the dancers in front of him, at his son embracing Mette, and smiled. "I see you have not retaken your colors. Does that mean you have made a decision?"
Mette gently freed herself from Karolus' embrace and directed him back toward his father, "No your majesty. I have not." She looked toward the emperor, being careful not to look into his face, "Thys has told me of your majesty's offer." She bowed again, "I fear I am only a stupid dancer who does not understand how such a thing can be."
"How I lost my daughter? My firstborn child. Or how I can try to claim you now, after so many years?"
"Your majesty..." Mette looked to Thys for help but he refused to meet her gaze. She looked down at her hands instead, "Perhaps both."
The emperor sat down in a chair next to one of the reading tables putting his head on a similar level with Mette's. He smiled, whether to himself or another was uncertain. "When I was young, I met a wonderful woman. She had trained as a dancer but been injured, and dismissed, before taking her colors. We married and had a daughter. She was carrying our second child when I was called away. I was gone for some time. When I returned to Syr..." He paused as he remembered his grief, "When I returned I found my wife was dead. As was the child she had been carrying. And our daughter was missing, taken by officials of the dance schools. I was not emperor. I wasn't even in line to succeed. I had no power to reclaim her from the schools. My family was busy with other things and couldn't, or wouldn't, help me. I was given a new wife, as a political connection, not one of my choice. Several years later I succeeded to the throne. Then I started looking for my daughter. I located her at about the same time a position opened in the Royal Humsoa of Karenth. I thought of appointing her to the position, as a way to bring her home. It would have upset those at the humsoa to have me interfere so blatantly. But they'd stolen my daughter, changed her name, and hidden her from me. I was willing to deal with their anger. So imagine my delight when my daughter appeared among those competing for the position."
Mette stared at the ornate pattern of the carpet at the emperor's feet, "You were the one who told the judges to award the position to us?"
"As I recall I sent Faland to the judges with my message. He said they weren't pleased."
Thys could see Mette shaking. He couldn't be sure if it was anger or something else. "Your majesty, once she was there, why didn't you tell anyone who she was?" It was an impertinent question, but the whole thing made little sense to him.
Several people braced themselves for the emperor's anger. When he started to laugh they were confused, "Ah yes." He shifted the small figure of a dancer on the table beside him. "I found my daughter and a plot to overthrow the government in the same day. Suddenly it seemed better that she remain hidden, at least for a while." He turned to watch Mette who was still staring at the carpet. "Then the palace was attacked. My wife and children were among the dead." He paused, "Later I was told something very strange. It appeared my youngest son had escaped with some dancers."
Had she not been in the presence of the emperor Mette would have stood to pace the floor. Instead she touched her forehead to the floor, "Your majesty, please excuse me." Then she fled the room. 
Karolus tried to follow but his father stopped him. They waited. It was several minutes before Mette returned. She appeared more composed, though still uneasy as she knelt and touched her head to the floor.
"My apologies your majesty. Your words brought back memories. My mother and I were playing, running through the garden. She fell and hit something. I tried to wake her, but could not. Tall strangers came into the garden. They called others, shorter people, to help my mother. When the short people took my mother away, those who had come earlier took me. It was not long after when I met Pánfilo." She touched her head to the floor again.
Emperor Mirabilis looked away, unsure if he wanted to comment on what she'd just told him. This was the first time he'd heard of what had happened to his wife, how she had died. After a while he looked down at his son as he addressed Mette, "Is it true that you leapt off a catwalk with Karolus on your back?"
"Yes your majesty. We were being followed, chased. I did not know if they meant to harm Karolus."
"And you then had him leap from a high platform into your arms?"
"Yes your majesty."
The emperor shook his head, "I had no idea my children were so daring." He waited for a response from Mette but she remained quiet. "I can understand this is difficult for you. That you might want to think over your answer carefully. I will not push you for a decision. You will remain my daughter, regardless of your choice."
Mette bowed again, "Thank you your majesty."
When she sat back up Thys bowed, "Your majesty has been most generous with us. We thank you. But I think it is time for us to leave."
Mette was silent as the vehicle took them back to the dance school. She was still silent as she bowed to thank Thys. Then she returned to the room in Noxosus' hotel. She needed to make a decision but it was all too much. She tried to calm herself with breathing exercises. She tried to calm herself by watching the sand blow across the valley. Finally she began to dance.
When the sun again began to lighten the sky she stopped dancing. She collected the things she had brought with her and put them in her bag. She scanned the room twice to make sure she had everything before she left. In the dawn light she walked past the sand-choked garden and across the narrow street to the school. She needed to tell Thys. She had reached a decision. 
~~~
The End

Also by Nancy Hand
The Dance of the Cat and the Owl
Sheridan's Bones
The Lily on The Wall
Arianna
The Tuan: The Saga of Hai-Ek Ai El
The Tuan: The Saga of Hai-Ek Pah Sae

Nancy Hand comes from a family with a love for story telling. Though none of the stories were written down, people delighted in telling and re-telling episodes from their lives and the lives of their friends and acquaintances. When those stories seemed inadequate, they branched out to create tales for their children.
