


Leaving Detlan
 John T. Gaffield

Published by John T. Gaffield at Smashwords.com
Copyright 2020 John T. Gaffield
1st Edition – November 2020

Smashwords Edition License Notes:
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your own use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the work of this author.

###



Table of Contents

Acknowledgments and References

Chapters:
I
II
III
IV
V
VI


About the Author
Other Titles by John T. Gaffield
Connect with the Author

Acknowledgements and References

Cover
Created by John T. Gaffield
Background modeling created on Blender version 2.79
Figure, lighting, and rendering software Daz3D version 4.10
Genesis II female and male figures
Photo editing software Photoshop Elements version 10

Acronyms
VR – Virtual Reality
AR – Augmented Reality
AV – Autonomous Vehicle



I

Brent smiled slightly as he slowly scanned the beach from one end to the other. A variety of people were in the water, resting or playing on the white sandy beach. From his lounge chair, he reached his hand into the sand, picked up a handful, and slowly let it cascade through his fingers back onto the beach. After bringing his hand back to his side, he slowly closed his eyes and listened to the peaceful ambient sounds surrounding him. The sounds became muted.
“Your time will expire in 15 seconds,” a female voice said.
Brent opened his eyes and exhaled in frustration. The beach view darkened and was gone within a few seconds.
“Just as I was starting to relax,” he mumbled to himself.
He took off the VR headset and hung it on a hook near the reclined chair. He removed the VR gloves and set them in a bin to be cleaned for the next user. An android approached him as he started to get up from the chair.
“Did you enjoy your getaway, sir?” the pleasant android asked.
“Yes, but it’s never long enough,” Brent said.
“Perhaps, you may be interested in one of our overnight getaway packages, sir,” the android said.
“I’d like that, but I wouldn’t be able to afford it. It takes me a month to save enough to even pay for the 3-hour session I just completed,” he said.
“There are special payment plans that would allow you to pay over a longer period,” the android said.
Brent thought for a moment, then replied, “well, I could consider it, but I really want to avoid being in too much debt.”
“Please remember the options are here if you change your mind and you are always welcome to utilize our 3-hour services again,” the android said.
“Yeah, I’ll probably be back in about another month,” he said as he started making his way past the other chairs with people experiencing various types of VR experiences. Soon he was at the entrance to the theater. The door slid open as he approached it.
The stale smell of the city caused him to pause in the entrance.
“Back to reality,” he mumbled as he darted onto the crowded sidewalk.
The nighttime sky was barely visible through the smog and various canyon-like buildings and connecting structures surrounding him. There was a flurry of autonomous vehicles on the ground and between the buildings above him.
Sometimes he had enough available Credex to pay for a trip back to the CARA-ELT building #271, but having just spent the money on the VR experience, he knew that he would be walking again this time.
As he continued walking through the dense crowd, a hand grabbed his shoulder, causing him to quickly look toward the individual.
“Care to join me inside for a hot experience, mister?” a pleasure android, with plenty of makeup and a soft smile, asked.
Brent looked away, then quickly back to respond, “I can’t. I’m out of Credex.”
“Well, then just look for me again right here when you have more,” she replied while continuing to smile at him.
He just turned and continued walking away.
After walking several blocks, he arrived at the CARA-ELT building. He made his way to the far back of the massive complex to the service entrance. Being an off-hour, no one else was using the entrance. Only the omnipresent cameras were around if they were working. He raised his arm as he walked by the scanner. The service pedestrian door slid open after a tone sounded. He paused in the entrance as two armed security androids scanned him. After a few seconds, the closest one waved him to proceed. Passing through the entrance, he entered into the dimly lit service corridor and made his way to the elevator station. 
After exiting the elevator on level 12, he walked to a nearby line of Porta-Shuttles. He stepped onto the open-topped vehicle and took one of the eight worn seats in the unit. Reaching his hand toward the scratched screen in the middle, he selected the custodial services room, then sat back in the seat. The shuttle whirred to life and gradually picked up speed to take him to his destination.
As he rode through the vast building on the familiar trip through, he noted that many of the previously occupied spaces were now mostly empty and without tenants. The hallways were occasionally dark when the lights were broken in the walls. After a few minutes, the monotonous trip was over. He stepped out of the shuttle and walked toward the door to the cleaning crew quarters. The heavy door slid open as he approached it. As he walked in, he briefly gazed at the simulated night sky and calm country scene integrated into one of the walls. It was the only way they could have anything like a window this deep in the build. The effect would have been better, but portions of the screen did not function and were dark.
“Back from the beach, I see,” a female said, as he walked into the room, the lights gradually got slightly brighter in the room.
He could tell it was Zammi, a younger woman, likely not too much younger than himself.
“Yeah, everything but the tan,” he replied in a low voice so as not to wake the others.
“Too cheap for that, huh?” Zammi replied sarcastically.
“Would have looked funny with the VR helmet blocking my face anyway,” he said.
“Still cheap, Brent,” she said.
“When was the last time you were on vacation?” he asked.
“Where are you taking me, darling?” she asked.
“That’s why I’m trying to save my money, dear Zammi,” he said as he sat down on his bed.
She sat up in the bed next to his and watched as he removed the light jacket.
“Can you two just go to one of the empty bunks down the hall?” another female voice asked.
It was Tenna, an older woman, likely in her sixties.
“No, I’m making him work much harder than that, Tenna,” Zammi said before grinning widely for Brent.
“Well, that may set up his next VR trip, if you keep putting him off like that,” Tenna told her.
“Oh, he wouldn’t dare,” Zammi said.
“I’m just ready for bed now anyway,” he said as he pulled the covers back on his cot and sat down ready to get in.
“Is there trouble over there?” another female voice asked from the charging area.
“No, Lexi. I'm just getting ready for bed. Sorry for waking everyone,” Brent said.
“It will be the standard 6:30 am wake up for everyone tomorrow. Please try to sleep soon,” Lexi reminded the team.
Brent lay down onto the cot. He stretched out his body and then relaxed to calm himself down.
“So much to look forward to,” he whispered.
“Hey at least you just got away today,” Zammi whispered back.
“We can’t afford any real trip, though,” Brent whispered.
“You really are in a rut here, if the VR didn’t help,” Zammi whispered.
“I’ll be fine,” he mumbled.
“Just don’t need you ending up like Hank,” Zammi whispered.
He took a deep breath and exhaled, then replied, “good point. I’ll keep things in check.”
“Let me know before you do something stupid like that, okay, Brent?” Zammi asked.
“Thanks, Zammi. I appreciate that and I will. I better get to bed though,” Brent said.
“Yep, 6:30 am, they’ll be getting us up again. Goodnight,” she said.
“Goodnight, Zammi,” he whispered, as the lights gradually dimmed around the team again.
 
II

A whirring sound awoke Brent. The room lights quickly brightened automatically.
Lexi, an outdated female android, arose from the charging chair, unplugged the fluid cycling line, and said, “once again, it is 6:30 am, please wake up and get yourself ready, team.”
“How about another half hour?” Zammi asked, while still lying in bed.
“Are you requesting extra duties for today, Zammi?” Lexi asked.
“Fine! I’m up now,” Lexi said as she begrudgingly sat up.
“Breakfast will be in 20 minutes, for those requiring food,” Lexi said to the team.
Lexi then headed in the direction of the dining area, likely to prepare breakfast for the humans on the team.
“Remind me, how much are they paying us to do this?” Zammi asked, looking at Brent.
“You get the same meager pay as I do for this crap. At least we can survive on it, I guess,” Brent replied, as he looked at her for a moment before standing up from the bed.
“That’s a lofty goal in life, just to survive. This is messed up,” she said, as she stood up.
“Times have changed since I was much younger,” Tenna, an older woman, likely in her sixties, replied.
“Yeah, this type of living is pretty much all I know. Not sure what it was like before and what changed,” Brent said.
“Well, before the androids were fully integrated into society, humans were able to compete for all jobs, up to the highest levels. Now, only a chosen few have any type of job beyond a menial level. We now have to compete with robots for jobs. So, we are paid below what it would cost some android to perform,” Tenna said.
“We’re worth less than an android? Boy, that’s depressing,” Zammi said.
“It does make you think,” Brent said.
“I’m getting a shower,” Zammi said before turning and heading in the direction of the women’s facility.

After all of the humans had finished breakfast and set their plates and utensils in the automated washer, they joined the android team members near the entrance to their room. Besides Brent, Zammi, and Lexi, there was Belk, a middle-aged human male; DRN-558 or Darren, an outdated male android.
“Time to leave, team,” Lexi said as she moved through the automatically opened doorway.
“What filthy dwelling will we be stuck cleaning today?” Zammi asked slowly following Lexi.
“We are assigned to section AX2,” Lexi said. 
“Do we get respirators this time?” Zammi asked coming alongside the shuttle
“Just get in the Porta-Shuttle,” Lexi said as she stepped into an open seat in the front and began programming the unit.
“Way to motivate the team,” Zammi muttered as she and the others took a seat.
With the doors automatically shut, the open-top shuttle jolted to life and started moving the team toward their location to clean.
The Porta-Shuttle skimmed through the hallways with the team. Some of them had their eyes closed, and others stared aimlessly outside of the shuttle. There was not much to see. Many of the sections they passed had been abandoned and unused for what seemed like years. Depending on the status of the companies that left, some of the machinery and other equipment was gathering dust in large rooms. The hallway was dim in these areas to save power. Only a scant few tenants remained in the suites on this route.
As they passed a partially lit section window, Zammi asked, “wasn’t that unit occupied yesterday?”
“Yes, the Balidrone unit ended the lease and will begin moving,” Lexi said.
“Will anyone still be here?” Belk, a male coworker, asked.
“I do not know the long-term expectations for this facility,” Lexi said.
“In other words, we’re screwed,” Zammi said.
“We do have work, for now. Let us focus on completing today’s task,” Lexi said.
“Fine,” Zammi said, sulking back into her seat.
After passing a few more empty sections, the hallway was brighter and the shuttle came to a stop.
“Section AX2, let’s get to work,” Lexi said as she rose from her seat.
The doors opened and the team slowly exited the vehicle. Lexi led the team to the service entrance door. Sensing a signal code from Lexi as she approached, the door opened.
“What mess are we cleaning up today?” Zammi asked.
“The big task is to clean up a spill from a machine leak that happened yesterday. Others are the common floor and wall cleaning,” Lexi said as she kept moving down the hallway.
“It probably didn’t leak chocolate, did it?” Zammi asked.
“Hydraulic fluid, if you really need to know. I will show you the tools and the solvent needed to break down the fluid for cleaning since you seem to be volunteering,” Lexi said.
“Just me or do I get help?” Zammi asked.
“One more custodian will be needed to complete this today,” Lexi said as she approached a maintenance door.
“I’ll take it,” Brent said as he watched Lexi open the door.
“Thanks, sweetie!” Zammi said cheerfully.
“We can try to make this fun, I guess,” Brent said.
“Are you two going to actually work today or just have fun?” Lexi asked.
“Oh, we’ll get so much done today. That machine will be spotless when we’re through,” Zammi said.
“I will be checking on you periodically, just in case,” Lexi said as she turned to look at the shelves in the room.
“How quick can you pull your pants up, dear?” Zammi asked Brent.
“Covered in hydraulic fluid, it probably would take me a while,” Brent said.
“That’s enough! Take this can of solvent with you. I will locate the cleaning implements next,” Lexi said.
“I’ll take the solvent,” Brent said as he held out his hand.
Lexi handed him the can, then turned to look for the tools they would need. 
“You will need these,” Lexi said as she handed them safety glasses.
They both put on the glasses and watched her continue to look for more tools. After finding a few mops and other items, she gave them to Brent and Lexi.
“Okay, where’s the leaking monster?” Zammi asked.
“You will find it at pillar AX2-H43. Do you think you can find it on your own?” Lexi asked.
“I’ll find it. We’re at G13 now. So, it should not be too far away,” Brent said.
“You lead the way, mister explorer!” Zammi said with a smile.
“Let’s find this mess,” Brent said as he walked out of the room with the can and some tools in his hands.
“The rest of you will be performing the usual cleaning. Please come and gather the equipment and we will head to pillar AX2-F22 to start for today,” Lexi could be heard saying as Brent and Zammi left the maintenance room.
Brent led the way around the facility. The first area they were in was an office, with a few ever-present newer model androids and well-groomed humans, who didn’t seem to notice Brent or Zammi as they passed in the hallway. After passing through a large steel doorway that automatically opened when they approached, they walked into the factory area. The area had a higher ceiling than the standard suite. It was probably three floors high. Some of the machines were functioning, while others were down for various reasons. Brent looked around at the plant floor to locate the H43 area.
“Let’s head over to the left and then head back that way. I see some pillars with numbers close to the H43,” Brent said.
“I’ll try not to get run over by the autonomous vehicles too,” she said as she started to follow behind him.
“At least they go slow and should sense a person before hitting someone,” Brent said.
“Keyword is should, though. That’s why I’ll be careful. They may not be in the best shape,” Zammi said.
“Yeah, that would be smart,” Brent said as he carried the equipment along the aisleways besides the various types of machines. 
They passed a few androids and had to avoid the autonomous vehicles periodically before arriving at the broken machine.
“Wow, this is quite the mess,” Brent said, looking at the floor near the machine.
“Glad we don’t have to fix it, at least,” Zammi said as she leaned some of the long tools she had been carrying against a nearby cabinet.
“Yes, but I wouldn’t mind living at their status,” Brent said.
“That would be nice, but I don’t think either of us has a chance at moving up,” she said with a distant voice.
Trying to change the subject, Brent asked, “where should we start with this mess?”
Zammi exhaled, pointed her finger, then said, “how about near that broken hose leak over there?”
“We might as well get started,” he said as he grabbed a bucket and a few cleaning tools.
They headed over to the area with a large puddle of the hydraulic fluid.
“It looks like the fluid just added to the mess already on the floor,” Brent said.
“So far, I don’t see any dead rats mixed in with the dirt and old parts, yet,” Zammi said as she set a bucket on the floor.
“Yeah, yet,” he said as he started dumping some of the left-over solvent into the bucket.
“Wow, that stuff stinks. You sure it’s safe?” she asked, scrunching her nose.
“Just hold your breath, I guess,” he suggested.
“Got to breathe sometimes, but I may try to limit it this time,” she said, while he prepared his mop.
He started slogging the mop through the dirty fluid on the floor around the machine. She prepared her mop and soon was pushing it near him.
“Can’t they get an android to do this kind of work? We could do the better smelling work at least,” she said, continuing to push the mop around.
“From what I hear, it would cost more to use an android to do this crap. Even an older model like Darren. Though I suppose he could have helped today,” he said.
“Maybe I need to watch my mouth a little more in the mornings,” she said.
“You did seem to get on Lexi’s nerves a bit today. Though, I volunteered to help on my own,” he said.
“I do appreciate the help, Brent. Let’s just get this done as quickly as we can,” she said before she turned and slid the mop around with more energy.
“I agree, Zammi,” he said as he picked up his pace as well.

About an hour and a half later, Lexi came by the area Brent and Zammi were cleaning.
“I was expecting you to still be thinking about getting started on cleaning the machine, but it appears you have already made good progress on completing the task,” Lexi said to them as they still mopped the floor with the solvent.
“We just wanted this job over with,” Brent said as he turned toward her.
“What was your motivation?” Lexi asked.
“The solvent stinks! We want to breathe clean air again,” Zammi replied while propping herself with the mop.
“If you finish before the lunch break, contact me through the comm or meet me at column AX2-F22,” Lexi said.
“We will meet you there soon, hopefully,” Brent said.
“Does it smell any better there?” Zammi asked.
“There is no solvent involved in the cleaning in the area at this time,” Lexi said.
“We’ll be there soon,” Zammi said, before turning to mop the floor again.
“Okay,” Lexi said, then turned away to return to the other location.
“How much longer do you think this will take?” Zammi asked.
“If we keep at it, about 20 minutes,” Brent said.
“Let’s see if we can make it in 15 minutes!” Zammi said as she started moving the mop around faster.
Brent smiled, then picked up the pace too.

“Does this look finished to you?” Brent asked while propping his hand atop of the mop.
“Oh yeah, we’re done with this mess. Let’s pack up and find some cleaner air,” Zammi said she set her mop down and started to close the bottle of cleaner.
“We’ll have to put this stuff away again and let Lexi know we can do something else,” Brent said.
“Once we get into the better air, let’s take our time putting this stuff away. No big need to hurry onto the next miserable task,” Zammi said with a smirk.
“She’ll track us down if we take too long, but I won’t be running,” he said.
“I do need to breathe, though,” she said as she continued to gather the tools together.
Within about two minutes, they had packed up and were on their way away from the pungent aroma of the solvent surrounding the machine. The two of them did take some extra time walking through the plant floor back to the room where they had gathered the equipment.
“I can see the maintenance room over there,” Brent said looking toward Zammi.
Zammi paused and leaned against a railing along the raised walkway. Brent slowed, then stopped to look at her.
“Not ready for more yet?” he asked.
She gazed vacantly off toward nearby machines and said, “I’m ready for more than this job has to offer.”
“We all would like something better. Even Lexi,” he said softly.
“She’s an android. Why would she care?” Zammi asked.
“Well, she may not care like you or me, but it is possible to see that she does not enjoy this job. She probably had a much better job when she was a new model,” Brent said.
A slight smile came across Zammi’s face as she said, “funny how androids can become obsolete, just like us.”
“You ready to put this junk back in the storage room?” he asked.
“Sure, let’s put it away and see what fun Lexi has in store for us next,” Zammi said as she picked up the equipment again.
They both made their way to the room and put the tools away.
Brent touched behind his ear, and said, “Hey Lexi, we are ready.”
“Okay, we are still at column AX2-F22. You can meet us there,” Lexi said through his earpiece.
“Do we need any tools this time?” Brent asked.
“No, we have everything ready for you to use. Will you be able to find the column?” Lexi asked.
“Yeah, we’ll find it. Thanks,” Brent said before removing his finger from touching his ear.
“Onto column AX2-F22!” Brent said.
“Oh joy, I can hardly wait. Do we need anything?” Zammi asked.
“No, they have the stuff ready for us,” he said.
“Well, at least we won’t have to lug the stuff around this time. Let’s get going,” she said.
“Do you want to lead the way?” he asked.
“I might get us lost on purpose,” she said with a smile.
“Okay, follow me,” he said, returning the smile, before turning to walk down the hallway.

After walking for about ten minutes, Brent and Zammi approached the others as they worked in what appeared to be a storage room that had not been cleaned in years. They both slowed down as they entered the room and started to look around at all of the cluttered boxes and random loose items strewn all about. With the stale air of the room, they looked at each other and wrinkled their noses.
“Not much better smelling than the last job,” Zammi said.
“Hopefully not as harmful, though,” Brent said.
“Alright you two, our job is to move the contents of this room to one side and clean the floor and the shelves, then we get to move it back and clean the other side. Any questions?” Lexi asked as she came near them.
“It looks like the others are moving the stuff to the right side. So, we just need to help them?” Brent asked.
“Yes, until they are ready to clean,” Lexi said.
“Simple enough. Let’s get to work,” Brent said as he looked toward Zammi.
Zammi just made a sarcastic smile, then started walking toward the others moving boxes and other items. Brent followed right behind her.
“You two have fun cleaning the machine?” Belk asked as he held a large box.
“It was the cleaning fluid smell that made the job miserable,” Zammi said while starting to kneel to retrieve a box.
“Well, it did make us work quickly to get away from the stench,” Brent added, also reaching for a box.
“Yeah, I’ve used that solvent for the hydraulic fluid before. So, I have to agree with you on that one,” Belk said.
“You can only hold your breath so long,” Brent said.
“It’s stuffy in here though,” Zammi said, starting to move the box to the other side.
“Well, let’s keep working so we can get out of here too,” Brent suggested.
“Are we ever going to have a nice smelling cleaning job?” Zammi asked.
“We clean stuff up, dear. Our job is basically to make stinky stuff smell better,” Tenna said as she passed by to grab the next item.
“We make it smell better for the elite few and for the androids, who probably can’t smell anyway,” Zammi said as she set a box down onto the collecting pile.
“Yeah, that’s right. Someone else will enjoy what we clean, besides our living area, of course,” Tenna said.
“Most of us are too tired to clean that area after we are done with work though,” Brent said.
“I’ve been in worse conditions,” Belk said.
“As have I,” Tenna added as she reached for another box.
“What do you think of our living conditions, Darren?” Belk asked.
Darren paused for a moment, then answered, “I have not been housed in conditions as degraded as ours. Before this, my functionality allowed for a higher level of surroundings to reside.”
“Sucks getting old, doesn’t it?” Tenna said with a smile.
“Even for an android, such as myself, I believe that is a true statement, Tenna,” Darren said.
“Okay, this is probably enough depressing talk for now. Does anyone have any booze for after work?” Tenna asked.
“Androids cannot drink, Tenna,” Darren said.
“Can you pretend?” Tenna asked.
“There may be ways to perform a simulation,” Darren said as he set a box down.
“I believe I still have some left-over whiskey from the last time. Darren, just try not to throw up on me, though,” Brent said with a smile.
“I will avoid projecting any bodily fluids onto you, Brent,” Darren said.
“Okay team, let’s just finish moving this material to this side. We just have a few more items before we can start the cleaning process,” Lexi said.
“The sooner we finish, the sooner we can get drunk,” Zammi said.
“Just keep up the motivation and we will complete this ahead of schedule,” Lexi said.
“Any more tasks after this one for today?” Belk asked as he picked up a box.
“This is the last one on today’s schedule. Once we finish, we are complete for the day,” Lexi told the group.
“Let’s take care of this, guys,” Zammi said, as she picked up one of the last boxes from that side.
The others seemed to move a bit quicker as well.

Within about an hour and a half, they had managed to move the contents around and clean the room floors and shelves.
“Anything else, boss?” Brent asked Lexi, as he returned from putting away a wall cleaning tool.
“This task is complete. The team did a nice job in this room. We may return to our living quarters,” Lexi said.
“Alright, let’s head to the Porta-Shuttle. I can use something to eat,” Brent said.
“Don’t forget the alcohol,” Tenna told him with a smile.
“I’m sure you will remind me if I do,” Brent said.
“I will remind you too!” Zammi said as she moved past him toward the storage room door.
Within a minute, the team was assembled on the Porta-Shuttle to return to the living quarters.
“Not that I want to push my luck, but are we at risk of running out of work here?” Belk asked as the shuttle started to move away from the job site.
“I am aware that the work assignments have decreased, but I have not heard that the work will stop soon,” Lexi said.
“What’ll they do if the work stops?” Zammi asked in a slightly nervous voice.
“The company will likely reassign the team or individually to another location,” Lexi said.
“Will we be out of work?” Brent asked.
“My understanding is that other locations still have open assignments, but there will not be any guarantee,” Lexi said.
“Brent, don’t forget the booze tonight, okay,” Zammi said after turning toward him.
Brent nodded as the shuttle continued through the hallway.

The team sat in the rec room in a variety of mismatched chairs. Brent returned from his locker with a bottle of scotch and a stack of drink cups from the kitchenette.
“Wow, I didn’t even have to pester you too much about the booze,” Zammi said with a smile.
“Hey, Darren, do you have any spiked fluid you can use instead of the booze?” Tenna asked.
“Unfortunately, I am not aware of anything that could temporarily make me forget things,” Darren said.
“So, Darren, there are things you would like to forget?” Brent asked as he slowly opened the bottle.
Darren paused for a moment, then responded, “remembering how much better I was treated when I was a new model android.”
“Well, humans aren’t treated much better anymore. No more cushy jobs for average people,” Tenna said.
“What were you assigned to when you started, Darren?” Zammi asked.
“My original position was a system engineer for Kyber-Tex Corporation,” Darren said as he shifted his gaze away from the group.
“An engineer? Wow, that’s one position humans don’t have much anymore,” Brent said.
“I could not compete with the newer models. My hardware would only allow for limited upgrades. I became obsolete and now I work with you in custodial services,” Darren said, still looking away.
“Maybe going through that, you may understand humans’ current state,” Tenna said.
“I am not programmed for feelings, but I know that humans have been in this state longer than I have, and part of the human’s current condition is due to androids,” Darren said, looking back toward them.
“How about you, Lexi? What were you doing before you dropped to our level?” Tenna asked.
“Originally, my model, LX-4327, was sought after for leadership roles. I was a manager of over 150 android units at CARA. I was responsible for the section 354 quality engineering group,” Lexi said.
“And you were replaced like I was?” Darren asked.
“Yes, like you were, Darren. I tried to keep up with the latest software, but my hardware just was not efficient enough,” Lexi said.
“We’re all in the same condition now. Let’s get that scotch flowing, Brent,” Tenna said, looking toward him.
Brent started pouring the scotch into glasses and distributing them to the humans. When done, he looked toward Lexi and Darren, who both had a blank stare on their faces.
“You two sure there isn’t something you can drink or take to help tonight?” Brent asked.
“There is nothing we can drink or take, but . . .” Lexi paused.
“Maybe we could simulate the intoxication at least,” Lexi continued.
Brent smiled and said, “we will be happy to have you two join us, then!”
For the first time he could remember, Lexi smiled. Soon the others had noticed and were smiling as well.
“Why don’t you two at least hold a glass,” Brent suggested as he grabbed two glasses from a nearby table.
“We can hold the glasses, but they will be empty. I am not sure what the purpose will be,” Lexi said as she took a glass from Brent.
After Darren had a glass, Brent held up his glass and said, “cheers everyone!”
The others raised their glasses, looked to each other, and responded with “cheers!
The humans then each took a drink of scotch. The group was quiet for a moment as the drinks settled.
“I know we all come from a variety of backgrounds, but this team functions quite efficiently,” Lexi said.
“Is that the simulated intoxication talking?” Zammi asked.
“No, I have not started that yet. I meant what I said,” Lexi said.
“Well then, thank you, Lexi. I’ve worked for worse bosses. You do make this team function well together,” Zammi said.
“Do you mean to say that, Zammi? You did have a shot of scotch,” Lexi said.
“I know what I’m saying to you, Lexi,” Zammi said.
“Thanks! I will probably start the simulation now. Darren, you can start, too,” Lexi said.
Darren just nodded with a slight smile on his face.
“Who’s ready for another round?” Tenna asked.
Everyone looked to Brent and the humans held out their glasses.
“Alright, who’s first?” Brent asked with the bottle in his hands.

“Okay, I believe it is time for bed or charging,” Lexi said to the more subdued group.
“Are we getting up at the usual time tomorrow?” Brent asked as he stood up from the chair.
“Yes, we will awake at 6:30 am,” Lexi replied.
“That’ll be rough for some of us,” Zammi said.
“Well, at least it’s not too late since we finished work earlier,” Belk said.
“It may help, but it still will come before I’ll be ready,” Zammi said as she rose from her seat.
“Whoa!” Zammi said as a dizzy spell caused her to become unbalanced.
“Are you okay, Zammi?” Brent asked, reaching toward her.
“I guess I had more than I thought I could handle. I may need your help getting me to the bed,” Zammi told Brent.
“I’ve got you,” Brent said as he positioned his arm around her to assist.
“My hero tonight!” Zammi said as she put her arm around his waist.
Brent and Zammi followed the others into the sleeping and recharging area. As they approached her bed, he carefully guided her onto it. After she was on the bed, he let go of her waist but realized she was not letting go of him.
“Please sit here and keep holding me, Brent,” She said in a low voice.
“Okay,” he said softly as he sat beside her on the bed.
He slowly put his arm back around her waist. The room lights dimmed automatically.
“Maybe you’ll get lucky tonight,” she said looking at him through partially closed eyes.
He smiled at her, as she set her head on his shoulder.
“You know that is probably the scotch talking,” he said softly.
He could only hear her breathing as a response.
“Are you okay, Zammi?” he asked.
A faint snoring sound coming from Zammi. He smiled and gently helped her lay down, and then placed the blankets over her. He then quietly walked to his bed, which was next to hers. He then sat on the edge and started preparing for bed.
“You’re a gentleman, Brent. Some guys would have taken advantage of her,” Tenna whispered.
“Well, you are watching for one and that would feel wrong even with an android that didn’t have feelings,” he whispered.
“Sex has lost some of its meaning with the androids. Not as much love around anymore. Of course, even before there were androids, people could have meaningless sex. It’s just more prevalent now,” Tenna said.
“Maybe I am looking for something meaningful at some point. It’s just hard to think about it without much of a future beyond this,” Brent said.
“Things may change for us at some point,” Tenna said.
“You think so?” Brent asked.
“Well, you can never tell for sure, but things are getting slower around here,” she said.
“Yeah, that’s good and bad. Less back-breaking work, but the possibility of losing the job too,” he said.
“You better get some sleep, Brent. You were helping to kill that bottle tonight,” she suggested.
“Alright, Tenna, goodnight,” he said.
“Goodnight to you, Brent,” she said as she rolled over in her bed.
He finished getting ready for bed.
 
III

The common sleeping room lights brightened automatically.
Lexi said, “team, it is 6:30 am, please wake up and get ready.”
“Ugh, this will be a rough day,” Zammi said with a hoarse voice.
“Still feeling the booze?” Brent asked.
“Oh yeah. I’m feeling it pretty hard this morning,” Zammi said as she propped herself up on her elbow.
“Get a shower, Zammi. Maybe that would help,” Lexi said as she walked by.
“It can’t hurt, I suppose. What are we doing today?” Zammi asked as she slowly sat up in bed.
“As of now, we only have one assignment. We will be clearing out the recently vacated offices in AJ4-L,” she told the team.
“Another early day or will this be a long task?” Belk asked as he slowly stood up from the bed.
“If the team works at the usual pace, we should be done in about 5 hours,” Lexi said.
“We could be done before the lunch break,” Brent said as he stood from the bed.
“I’ll have to make the big decision on whether to eat or sleep afterward,” Zammi said.
“Let’s get moving and we can complete this task early,” Lexi said.
“I can deal with that,” Brent said as he started making his way to the shower area.
“Yeah, I can too,” Zammi said as she started to stand.

The Porta-Shuttle glided the team along the corridors of the huge complex toward the day’s assignment. There was a little discussion along the way, possibly due to the lingering effects of the prior night’s festivities. Soon, the shuttle slowed to a stop near a darkened suite that had been recently abandoned.
“Here is section AJ4-L. Let me find the lights and then we can begin our work,” Lexi said as she stood up from her seat.
“I think the switch is over to the right by the pillar,” Belk said as he pointed toward the wall.
“I see it, thank you,” Lexi said as she made her way to the switch.
The others exited the vehicle as Lexi placed her hand on the wall switch. The lights in the area brightened.
“So, are we just tidying up the area for potential new tenants?” Brent asked as he approached the entrance.
“That is the basic task. The prior tenants left several items which we will dispose of and then clean the floors. I will locate rolling refuse bins and floor cleaning equipment,” Lexi said as she unlocked the door.
As the team walked into the suite, they could see that most of the furniture had been removed. Only a few broken chairs and other random items remained. There was trash strewn around that would need to be disposed of.
“Did this company move, or did it close?” Belk asked as he looked around.
“This one moved. That is why the furniture is no longer here,” Lexi said.
“That’s a bunch of crap we don’t have to toss out at least. Was this place too expensive?” Brent Asked.
“That is the likely cause for them to move. The lease costs have increased with the other occupancy losses,” Lexi said.
“Isn’t that just pushing more of them away?” Brent asked.
“I agree, but I am no longer in management. Let me locate the bins and cleaning equipment. You may remain here until I locate it,” Lexi said as she started toward a hallway to the left.

Soon the team was clearing the rooms of the scattered trash. There were several rooms to clear in various conditions. The teams handled one room at a time if the room size allowed. 
“I’m glad for no smelly solvents today. With the hangover, that would be too much,” Zammi said as she lifted a pile of cluttered papers into the trash bin.
“I Definitely agree with that. Even for me. I’m probably better than you, but I feel it too,” Brent said.
“We are making good progress, team. Just two more rooms before we can start the floor cleaning process,” Lexi said.
“Get the work done before recess!” Tenna said with a smile.
“I’ve heard of that, but our school did not do that much. Even when we were five or so,” Brent said.
“I never understood the change in the educational focus. Especially in the younger years. Of course, much of the youth development has changed to focus on society’s expectations and not the individuals,” Tenna said as she dumped a handful of items into a trash bin.
“Being a commodity is a rough way to grow up,” Brent said.
“Not much different than androids,” Darren said as he stood up with a handful of trash.
“No, you’re probably right on that one, Darren,” Brent said.
“Tenna, Belk, and Darren, please move to the next room. This room should be completed soon. We will clear the floor here,” Lexi told them.
“I guess we’ll be breaking out the brooms and mops soon,” Belk said as he made his way to the doorway.
“It’s not even 10 am yet, either,” Darren said as he followed Belk.
“Hey, Brent, any more scotch for tonight?” Tenna asked with a smile.
“Well, at this rate, it may even be this afternoon, and I do have one more bottle,” Brent answered.
“Yeah! You do know how to inspire us!” Zammi said as she seemed to move a little faster.
Brent just laughed.

Later, the team rode the Porta-Shuttle back to their residence. The hallways were a mix of dark or light areas based on occupancy. It was mostly dark.
“Hey, is this another section that has been recently vacated?” Zammi asked as she looked toward a darkened area.
Lexi paused for a moment to assess, then said, “you are correct. The Fortrex Corporation has terminated operation in this facility.”
“All of them have been fired?” Zammi asked.
“I have not heard of the status of the employees from the facility. That has not been announced,” Lexi said.
“They could have moved or been let go, I suppose,” Brent said looking back toward the suite.
“Either would be speculation,” Lexi said.
“That’s true, Lexi,” Brent said.
“Not many left,” Tenna said.
“Yet we still are . . . so far,” Brent said.
The team was mostly silent for the remainder of the ride back to their living area.

Zammi headed straight for a comfy chair after entering the community room. Soon she plunked herself down and let out an audible sigh.
“You’re tired even after a short day?” Belk asked.
“Still recovering from last night. I may not be as fun this afternoon,” Zammi said.
“Well, you should join us for at least a little,” Tenna said, stopping by Zammi’s chair.
“I didn’t say I would just be napping,” Zammi said with a smile.
“I’ll bring you the first drink in a moment,” Brent told her.
“Thank you, dear!” Zammi said with a smirk as she watched Brent turn and head back toward the cabinet by his bed.
He returned with the bottle and several glasses in his hands. She held out her hand to accept the first glass from him. He then poured her glass about three-quarters full.
“That’ll be plenty for now, dear,” she said before winking.
“Sure. Who’s next?” he asked.
“I’ll take a glass,” Belk said politely.
Brent walked over to Belk and handed him a glass. Belk held it out for him.
“Give me about half a glass. If you don’t mind,” Belk said.
“Sure, here you go,” Brent said while starting to pour.
Once finished, Brent asked, “how about you, Tenna?”
“Half for me, too,” she said as he handed her a glass.
“Don’t forget yourself, though,” she said as he started to pour.
“Oh, don’t worry about that,” he said as he finished off pouring.
Brent took a seat near Zammi and poured himself about half a glass of scotch, then set the bottle on a nearby table.
“Can I do anything for you folks?” Brent asked Lexi and Darren.
“I do need to replenish a small volume of the Hydro-Plasma since I seem to have a small leak somewhere,” Darren said.
“That cart is over by your charging station, right?” Brent asked.
“Yes, but I will be able to move to that location myself, Brent,” Darren replied.
“No, you stay with us. I’ll be back in a minute,” Darren said as he set his glass down and got up from the chair.
Brent walked to Darren’s charging area and started pushing the medium-sized cart over to where the group was relaxing.
“Did you need me to hook this up for you?” Brent asked.
“I can manage that. Thank you for your help, Brent,” Darren said as he reached to the cart to retrieve the hose with some type of quick-connector on it.
“Just didn’t want you to be stuck by yourself, while we are enjoying ourselves here,” Brent said.
“I hope I will be pleasant company, in that case,” Darren said as he connected the hose to the side of his abdomen. 
“You doing okay, Lexi?” Brent asked.
“I currently do not need assistance but thank you for asking. You are showing admirable teamwork. Please enjoy your scotch,” Lexi said
“I will, Lexi, and thank you,” Brent said as he hoisted his glass and smiled.
“Are you going to be as nice to me later too?” Zammi asked with a smile.
“Always, dear,” he replied as he took a sip.
“So, Lexi, do we have a short day tomorrow? Zammi asked.
Lexi remained silent and still. An incoming message LED flashed near her ear.
“Are you okay, Lexi?” Brent asked.
“I apologize. I received a transmission from headquarters that I needed to confirm before acknowledging,” Lexi said.
“Was it about us?” Zammi asked.
“This team will be relocating to Alpena in 7 days,” Lexi said.
“Where’s Alpena?” Zammi asked.
“It is on the eastern coast of Lake Huron in northern Michigan,” Lexi said.
“That doesn’t sound like a mega-city,” Zammi said.
“The population is about thirty-five thousand, as of the census two years ago,” Lexi said.
“Obviously, we will not be working in a mega-building. What will we be doing there?” Brent asked.
“The assignment will still be custodial in the new CARA facility in Alpena. Let me show you through the AR system,” Lexi said.
In a few seconds, the team could see the overall map of the CARA building and surrounding area through their AR contacts or internal viewing systems.
“That looks like it only is about two stories tall and quite small. Will we be housed in this too?” Brent asked.
“CARA has arranged for our team to be housed together in nearby apartments, which will be located within shuttle distance away from this facility,” Lexi said pointing to the area where the apartments appeared.
“Okay, what’s an apartment?” Zammi asked just before taking a drink.
“They are separate residences in a common building,” Lexi answered.
“A place to call your own,” Tenna said.
“A home?” Zammi asked.
“Exactly,” Brent said.
“You mean I won’t need to listen to Belk snoring every night?” Zammi said with a smile.
“Hey, it can’t be that loud,” Belk said.
“Well, it does keep some of us up at times,” Brent said.
“Sounds like you will be away from it soon,” Belk said.
“So, we move next week sometime?” Brent asked.
“Yes, the transportation for you and your cabinets will be next Thursday at 8:30 am,” Lexi said.
“Anybody going to miss this place?” Zammi asked with a smirk.
She only got light laughter in response.
“In that case, I may need a refill on my drink soon,” Zammi said before taking another sip.
“I agree with that,” Brent said as he raised his glass to his lips.
“I envy your ability to drink for once,” Lexi said.
“Are you going to be ready for this move?” Brent asked.
“I will manage, but it will be a change,” Lexi replied.
“Maybe you can pretend to be drunk with us this afternoon,” Zammi suggested.
“I may be doing that, Zammi,” Lexi said with a slight nod.
“Will anybody be replacing us here?” Brent asked before taking a sip.
“The team from level 11 will be adding level 12 to their responsibility,” Lexi said.
“Lucky them. At least the amount of work is getting less,” Belk said.
“How do you feel about this, Darren?” Brent asked.
“I am not sure how to handle a place of my own,” Belk replied.
“You wouldn’t need the kitchen unless you are entertaining,” Tenna said.
“I do not need to eat, but I could invite the team to the apartment,” Darren said.
“As long as you have booze, we can be there. We’ll try not to mess it up too much,” Zammi said with a smile.
“I will check the stock beforehand,” Darren said.
“Have any of you lived anywhere besides this city before?” Brent asked, before taking another sip.
Except for Tenna, everyone said no, even the androids.
“I grew up in Adrian, Michigan. It had grown to a fairly large city by then, but nothing like this city,” Tenna said as she stared reflectively toward the simulated screen displaying a daytime country scene.
“Did you like living there more than here?” Belk asked.
“Yes, I did. Definitely a lot less harsh,” Tenna answered, before taking another drink.
“I guess we will have to see if this new place they are sending us will be like that, too,” Brent said.
“We can only hope,” Tenna said.
“I hope so, too,” Zammi said before taking yet another sip.
“This is getting a little heavy. How about I play some music?” Zammi suggested.
“Yeah, I could use that now. Thank you?” Tenna said.
“Great! Let me see what I can find on the system,” Zammi said as she stood up from the chair.
She then walked over to a room control screen and started swiping through the options. Upbeat music was soon playing through speakers within the walls. Zammi bounced back to the lounge area, retrieved her glass, and sat on the large chair right next to Brent. The closeness caught Brent off guard, but he just smiled in response. Zammi just smiled back at him, then let out a giggle.
“Your glass seems to be empty. Do you need a refill?” Brent asked.
“Oh, I probably could have at least a little more before I get into too much trouble,” Zammi replied as she held out her glass.
Brent reached for the nearby bottle and put another third of the scotch into her glass. She smiled and took a sip before returning the glass to her lap.
“What are your thoughts on leaving this place?” Brent asked.
“I guess it’ll be a way for a new start. As long as it’s not as miserable as this job, I’ll look forward to it,” Zammi said.
“I don’t know much about places outside of the city. They didn’t cover much of that during the vocational training,” Brent said.
“Schools have changed a lot since I attended them years ago. They all taught a broad range of subjects to prepare the students for whatever occupation they chose,” Tenna said.
“You had a choice of what you could be and not just trained for something specific?” Zammi asked.
“Yes, as long as you could manage to learn the subjects, you could pursue paths of your choosing. Of course, others were competing for the same positions. So, you had to work hard to be successful. Things usually worked out,” Tenna replied.
“AI started getting better positions, and humans only could get lower jobs. No sense in training for the higher positions anymore,” Belk said.
“Do you want to dance, honey? I like this song,” Zammi asked Brent, trying to brighten things up.
“Okay, I guess I can try. I’m not trained in it, but the scotch should help,” Brent said as he started to stand as she did as well.
Zammi led him to an open area in the room, turned and put her arms on his shoulders, then started to sway her hips to the music. Brent slowly put his arms around her waist and attempted to move with the music, too.

A few hours later, Zammi returned to the control screen and shut off the music.
“Enough of that. I’m getting tired,” Zammi said.
“How’s your head doing?” Brent asked as she returned to her seat.
“Better than yesterday at least. I managed to limit the scotch by a drink or so,” Zammi said as she sat next to him.
Brent could feel Zammi’s hand sliding around his back. He smiled at her. She then leaned her head onto his shoulder.
“Are you two going to be sharing an apartment?” Tenna asked with a smile.
Zammi lifted her head to look at Brent. They just stared at each other for a moment.
Finally, Zammi said, “I guess we’ll just have to see. It’ll be different not being right next to each other as much.”
Brent smiled and replied, “yeah, we’ll see, I guess.”
“Anybody hungry for dinner, yet?” Tenna asked.
“I could use something to eat. Hopefully, it will absorb some of the alcohol,” Brent said.
“No guarantees on that, dear, but I can see what we have, or did you want to order anything tonight?” Tenna asked.
“I can just see what is in the kitchen. Something simple should be fine,” Brent said.
“Same goes for me, too. Thanks, Tenna,” Zammi said.
“I’ll help you out with the meals,” Belk said as he stood up from his chair.
Belk and Tenna walked to the kitchen area. Zammi took in a slow breath, then snuggled a little closer to Brent.
 
IV

The next week’s work continued to be light for the team. Two nights before the planned move date, Brent, Zammi, Belk, and Tenna ventured out to the city for one last time. An android band played a calming electronic set of songs as the four of them sat around a tall table.
Zammi yawned, then said, “not quite a raucous send-off, but this was still fun.”
“Yeah, sometimes being boring is a good thing,” Belk said before finishing off his drink.
“I’m not quite there yet, but I can see the advantages,” Zammi said.
“Well, we should probably leave now, before we all fall asleep,” Tenna said.
“Okay, I guess we can head back now,” Brent said as he slowly stood up from the chair.
The others stood up as well, then slowly meandered out of the bar onto the busy sidewalk. People and androids scurried by as they jostled their way toward the CARA-ELT building. A large man passed Brent, but bumped him and almost knocked him down. The man just continued and said nothing.
Tenna reached out her hand toward Brent to make sure he was okay and asked, “aren’t you going to miss this?”
Brent took a deep breath and replied, “I’m ready for a change.”
“I think we all will be, dear,” Zammi said.
After walking several blocks, they approached the CARA-ELT building entrance. 
A male system voice said, “please have each member of your group use the scanner before entry,”
Belk went first and raised his hand. The green light came on and the door opened. He then walked through and stopped for the guards inside. Zammi went through next. Brent held up his arm near the sensor and the light went red. The door did not open, but a piercing alarm went off.
“Your identity cannot be verified. Please remain stationary and raise your hands above your head,” the system voice said.
“What’s going on now?” Brent said as he slowly started raising his hands.
“You shouldn’t have an issue getting in here?” Tenna said.
Several android security officers approached with weapons drawn.
“Sir, do not move, and miss, please step away from the male suspect,” one of the officers said.
Tenna backed away from Brent. Zammi and Belk watched helplessly from the lobby.
As one of the officers lowered his gun and approached Brent, the others kept their weapons trained on his torso.
“Sir, your Bio-ID was not recognized for entry into the CARA-ELT facility. You will need to come with us,” the officer said.
“We can vouch for Brent. He has worked with us here for years. We were just out for the evening,” Tenna said, trying to diffuse the situation.
“He cannot freely enter the facility without Bio-ID authorization. He will need to come with us,” the officer said.
“I don’t like this. We are all scheduled to leave here in two days,” Tenna said.
“What is the suspect’s full name?” the officer asked.
“Brent Tyner. I can answer for myself,” Brent answered.
“That is correct,” Tenna said.
“Are you Brent Tyner from building 271 and level 12?” the officer asked.
“Yes, that is me. The two inside can vouch for me as well,” Brent said.
“The facial recognition does confirm a similarity. We will still need to have you come with us until we can determine the issue with the Bio-ID,” the officer said.
“Fine,” Brent said as he started lowering his hands.
“Stop! Keep your hands above your head!” the officer commanded as he raised his weapon.
Brent quickly put his hands above his head again and took a deep breath.
“Hopefully I’ll see you before you guys leave,” Brent said to Tenna.
“I’ll make sure your things get packed,” Tenna said.
“Move this way, sir,” the officer said while pointing to a side security door.
“Thank you, Tenna. Most of my stuff is in the cabinet anyway,” Brent said as he was led toward the door.
Tenna watched helplessly as Brent disappeared into the security corridor. She paused for a moment, then held her arm toward the sensor. The light turned green and the door opened.
As Tenna walked into the lobby, Zammi frantically asked, “where are they taking Brent?”
“The security offices, I guess. His Bio-ID seemed messed up. They wouldn’t let him enter without it working,” Tenna said.
“How long will they keep him?” Zammi asked.
“I have no idea, dear. Hopefully, he will be back before we leave,” Tenna said.
“What happens if they keep him longer? Will they cancel his move?” Zammi asked.
“I don’t think they would cancel his move. Not enough jobs here anyway. I told him I would pack his stuff, though,” Tenna said.
“I can help with that, too,” Belk offered.
“It’s late, so let’s start back to our room,” Tenna suggested.
“Okay. Are they treating him like a criminal?” Zammi asked as she started walking toward the hallway beyond the entrance.
The two security officers watched the three of them intently as they passed.
“I believe they are aware that he is Brent, from recognizing his face, but the ID mess is tripping everything up,” Tenna said as she walked alongside Zammi and Belk.
“I just want him back,” Zammi said.
“We all do,” Belk said.
Zammi took a deep breath and said, “thanks, guys. That does help.”
They continued toward the elevators in the darkened hallway.

Flanked by the security officers, Brent was led to a shuttle.
“Can I put my arms down in the shuttle?” Brent asked.
“Let me scan you for weapons or contraband. Please face me,” the officer said.
Brent turned to face the officer. The officer's eyes examined Brent from top to bottom.
“Turn around,” the officer said.
Brent turned around with his hands still in the air. 
After a few seconds, the officer said, “you may lower your hands, sir.”
“You can call me Brent, you know,” Brent said.
“We will need to confirm your Bio-ID before we know who you are,” the officer said.
“Well, that may not be working,” Brent said.
“That could be a possibility. There were anomalies in your Bio-ID,” the officer said.
“Great. How can I prove who I am?” Brent asked.
“DNA analysis will be used to validate what the Bio-ID code should be,” the officer said.
“Hopefully, that’s not messed up too,” Brent said.
“Please enter the shuttle, sir,” the officer said.
Brent exhaled, then turned and started walking toward the shuttle. He stepped into the open-topped shuttle and the four officers took their seats afterward. The shuttle was soon speeding down the darkened security hallway. Brent was silent as the shuttle jostled slightly as it continued toward the building’s main security base.
After a little more than five minutes of travel, the shuttle slowed to a stop in front of a set of closed double doors guarded by two armed android sentries. Two of the officers slid out of their shuttle seats and one motioned for Brent to get out. Without saying a word, he exited the vehicle. After the other officers joined the group, then proceeded toward the double doors. One of the officers raised her arm to the sensor and the door opened. The two sentries watched him closely as they passed into the security station. Brent followed the two in front as they stopped at the desk just inside the entrance.
The android at the reception desk asked, “is this the individual with the unknown Bio-ID?”
“Yes, the Bio-ID was not recognized at the sensor for entrance ESE-230,” one of the officers answered.
The reception android looked at Brent and motioned to him, “please scan your Bio-ID with this sensor.”
“Hopefully it will work this time,” Brent said as he lifted his arm to the sensor.
A red light lit up around the sensor, and a buzzing noise was emitted. Brent exhaled deeply, knowing this was not going to be over soon. Two new officers approached him from behind the desk area.
“The Bio-ID is not valid for any coded person. There may be a possibility it is corrupted or a false code,” the reception android said.
“It worked this afternoon when I left this building with my team to go out for the evening,” Brent said.
“Take him to SMER-117,” the reception android said to the officers that were standing next to him.
One of the officers reached her hand out and grabbed Brent’s arm and said, “we will take him from here.”
“Understood,” the leader of the officers that brought Brent said.
The team of officers turned and left the lobby, and were soon through the doors back into the hallway. Brent was being led down a dark metallic gray hallway with closed doors along the way. After several turns at corners, one of the officers approached a door with an illuminated label of SMER-117. The door opened after an arm swipe of the officer that was not holding Brent’s arm. 
Brent softly gasped as he saw the medical exam table and the room cluttered with various equipment and implements. A medical android approached the three of them.
“You will need to remove your upper garments and lay on the table,” the medical android said.
“Will you need to use the straps on the table?” Brent said as he started to undo his shirt.
“We will use it on your right arm to keep it stable during the exam. If there is any resistance, the other straps will be applied,” the medical android said.
“I’ll try not to move,” Brent said as he put his shirt on a nearby chair.
“Please proceed to the table,” the medical android said.
He sat upon the table, then brought up his legs then laid down onto the thinly cushioned surface. The medical android then quickly worked to strap his right arm. Once secured, the android reached to pull an articulated arm to hover above Brent’s arm. After turning the unit on, the android reviewed the nearby screen.
“The initial assessment is that the Bio-ID is invalid and eight of the digits are missing. This would indicate a corruption of the coding and not a false code,” the medical android said.
Brent sighed, then asked, “can you confirm if the working digits are for me, Brent Tyner? Maybe that would help speed this along.”
The android tapped the screen a few times, then said, “all of the remaining digits do correspond with the Brent Tyner that works in Building 271 level 12. We will still need to confirm your identity using DNA before we can reset the code. The Bio-ID may be damaged and need replacement, however. I will scan for hardware issues now.”
The android made a few more selections on the screen, then reviewed the results for a few seconds.
“There is a 57-micron hole along the sonic weld seam on the Bio-ID. This allowed internal body fluids to enter and damage the circuits. It will require replacement,” the medical android said.
“You need to knock me out for that?” Brent asked.
“It will be brief, but it can be performed after we confirm your identity.” the medical android said.
“What do you need for the DNA test?” Brent asked.
The medical android silently stepped away toward a cabinet. After removing a plastic package from a drawer, the android returned to the table. 
As the android approached him with a syringe device, she said, “hold your arm still.”
Brent watched as she held the syringe device on his arm. It sprayed an antiseptic, then the tiny needle automatically cycled into his arm in a fraction of a second.
“Is that it?” Brent asked.
“The sample has been obtained. The DNA analysis will take approximately four and a half minutes, once the process has started,” she said.
Brent tried to stay calm, but he knew he was dependent on the system not having issues tying his DNA to his ID. Things like the Bio-ID could fail. The two armed security officers waited silently near the door. He closed his eyes and waited as he listened to the various beeping and buzzing sounds in the room.
“Brent Tyner, your identity has been confirmed,” the medical android said as Brent opened his eyes.
Brent breathed a sigh of relief, and said, “thank you! I was a bit worried about that. Finally, you can officially call me Brent!”
“Will you be ready to have the new Bio-ID inserted now?” she asked.
“I guess so. Will this be performed in this room or will I need to move?” Brent asked.
“It will be done in this room. There will be a nurse and security personnel that will be arriving momentarily to assist with the procedure,” she said.
She moved the equipment cart away from the examination table. After locating a different cart, she pushed it up to the table near his arm. Several articulated arms, with various implements, protruded from the device.
“Why the need for the guards?” he asked.
“The security officers will be bringing the new Bio-ID. Special clearance is required to handle them,” she said.
“Is this going to be an automated procedure?” he asked.
“Oh, yes. This cart includes the anesthesia administration, sterilizing, tissue incision, insertion of the Bio-ID, and tissue suturing processes,” she said as she aligned one of the device arms with his arm.
The door to the room slid open and a nurse android entered. As he walked up to the table, the door shut.
“The Bio-ID will be coming, correct,” Brent asked.
“The two security officers will arrive in about thirty-five seconds. I sense that you are worried about this procedure,” she said.
“Well, I was about five when I originally had the chip put in. So, I’m just not sure what to expect,” Brent said.
“Would you like me to describe the procedure to you?” she asked.
“No, that probably wouldn’t help,” he said as he could see the door open again.
Two officers entered the room. One was holding a plasma rifle and the other held a relatively small container with some digital screen on it. Possibly to indicate the Bio-ID status.
“Are you ready for this procedure, Brent?” she asked.
“Yeah, let’s get this over with,” Brent said.
“Artim, you may begin administering the anesthesia to the patient,” she said.
“Understood,” Artim said as he reached to the cart control screen and entered the commands to start the process to have an articulated arm locate Brent’s arm and inject the medicine through a syringe.
Brent barely felt the poke of the needle. He only was able to take about three full breaths before he fell asleep.

Brent could hear electronic beeps and other sounds as he gradually opened his eyes. He was slightly groggy but becoming more aware of his surroundings. There was a tingle in his arm. When he lifted it from the table, he noticed it was no longer restrained.
“Can you describe the level of pain you have in your arm, Brent?” Artim asked.
Brent touched the sealed small incision with his other hand and replied, “I guess, just some slight tenderness, but not much else.”
“The procedure was successful. The new Bio-ID was activated in your body before the tether was removed and the tissues repaired,” Artim said before he ran another scan over Brent’s body.
“Will I be able to leave soon?” Brent asked.
“If you are feeling ready, you may leave at any time. Officer Sekki will escort you to your Quarters,” Artim said as he set the scanner on a counter.
“Are you sure this Bio-ID is working? I’d rather not visit this place in the near future,” Brent asked as he started to sit upon the table.
“I just ran a scan and it is fully operational with the signal at 100%,” Artim said.
“That’s a relief. Which one of you is Sekki?” Brent asked the two guards near the door.
The female android officer approached the table and said, “I am Sekki. I will escort you to the residence at building 271 level 12. Please inform me when you are ready.”
Brent took a deep breath, dropped his legs off the table and onto the floor, then said, “Alright, let’s go.”
“You may follow me, Brent,” Sekki said as she started to turn toward the doorway.
The other officer at the exit scanned his arm to open the door. Sekki led Brent as the two of them stepped into the hallway. A shuttle was waiting near the entrance. They were soon on their way to the residence.

“I see the door to our place up ahead,” Brent said as the shuttle continued through the hallways.
“Correct, Brent. Is your current health status sufficient to enter the residence or will you require my assistance?” Sekki asked.
“No, I should be fine, but thank you for asking, Sekki,” Brent said as the shuttle started to slow.
“We have reached your residence, Brent. I hope that your treatment was acceptable during this incident,” Sekki said.
“I definitely was not expecting to have something like this happen tonight and the guns pointed at me were intimidating, but I guess I do understand the need to be careful,” Brent said as he started to stand up from the shuttle seat.
“Yes, during incidents like this, it is best to listen and obey the instructions to avoid any escalation,” Sekki said.
“Yeah, no offense, but I hope that I do not get much practice doing that,” Brent said as he stood by the shuttle.
“I will be returning to the security base now. You may rejoin your team in the residence,” Sekki said just before the shuttle started moving.
“Thank you,” was all that Brent had time to say before the shuttle had moved away from the area.
Brent took a deep breath, then turned his head to see the others. He walked to the entrance and paused slightly before scanning his hand at the sensor. The green light came on, the door opened, and felt a sigh of relief. He then confidently walked into the room. Several of the team members looked up from their activities.
“Is my stuff packed yet?” Brent asked with a smile.
“Brent, your back! I thought they would keep you a lot longer,” Zammi said as she stood up to see him.
“No, we didn’t even get to start packing your things yet. You were too quick,” Tenna said.
Zammi came up to Brent and hugged him tightly. At first, Brent was a little unsure of how to react, but after a few seconds put his arms around her waist. The two of them held each other for at least thirty seconds.
Zammi pulled her head back and asked, “is everything okay now? Are you going to be able to leave with us?”
“Yeah, it was a bad Bio-ID, I guess. They implanted a new one and hopefully, I won’t need to go through that mess again,” Brent said as he looked into her eyes.
“They operated on you?” Zammi asked.
“It was relatively quick and my arm only hurts a little,” Brent said.
“Do you need a painkiller?” Tenna asked as she approached with a bottle of scotch.
“Is that one of mine?” Brent asked.
“This is from my stash this time, dear. I think you may need it,” Tenna said.
“Can I get some, too?” Zammi asked as she let go of Brent.
“We all may need it tonight. Let’s find some glasses,” Tenna said.
As they walked to the kitchen area, they passed Lexi and Darren.
“Nice to have you back, Brent. I was not able to access the security database to find out your status. Until you returned, your status was unknown,” Lexi said.
“Thank you, Lexi,” Brent said as he found an empty glass on the counter.
“Let me fill yours first, Brent. You’ll need it for that intense pain,” Tenna said with a smile.
Brent held out his glass and Tenna poured about a half of a glass of scotch.
“That’ll keep the pain away,” Brent said.
“Your next, Zammi,” Tenna said as she turned toward Zammi.
Zammi held out her glass and it was soon filled as well. Tenna filled Belk and their glasses, then set the bottle down on a table.
Tenna raised her glass, then said, “here’s to Brent’s safe return!”
All of the humans raised their glasses. Lexi and Darren nodded in agreement.
“I appreciate the thoughts, everyone. I didn’t know what to expect,” he said before taking a sip.
“Not that you and I always agree, but I am glad you are okay Brent,” Lexi said.
“Thanks, Lexi. I do appreciate your support,” Brent said.
“How about a drink for getting out of this place?” Zammi said as she raised her glass.
“Oh, I definitely am ready for something new, now,” Brent said as he raised his glass.
The others raised their glasses again or nodded in approval. The team laughed together in relief.
 
V

Brent opened his eyes from his bed. The room still had the nighttime lighting, but something seemed odd. In his AR contacts, he could see that it was 9:07 am. Still puzzled, he arose from the bed and walked over to where Lexi was charging.
Brent whispered, “Lexi, are we late for work this morning?”
Lexi activated, opened her eyes, and said, “our only assignment for today is to pack and clean this residence.”
“So, you let us sleep in?” Brent asked softly.
“Yes, I estimate it should take no more than three and a half hours to complete the tasks,” Lexi said.
“What’s going on over there?” Zammi asked as she sat up in her cot.
“We just need to pack and clean this place today. You can sleep in if you’d like,” Brent said.
“Well, I think I can manage to stay up now. I’m kind of hungry anyway,” Zammi said as she started to stand.
“I can prepare breakfast for anyone who would like to eat,” Lexi said as the room light brightened.
“Let me help you, Lexi,” Darren said.
“Sure, Darren. Are there any special requests?” Lexi asked as she stood up from the charger.
“You can just surprise me, Lexi,” Brent said.
“That sounds good to me, too,” Zammi said.
“I agree,” Belk said as he rose from his cot.
“Please come with me, Darren. We will need to improvise the meal,” Lexi said.
Darren followed Lexi into the kitchen area.
“So, are we hitting the city one last time tonight?” Tenna asked.
“I ’m not ready to risk that again,” Brent said with a smile.
“Just testing you, dear,” Tenna said with a smile.
“I’m going to clean up before breakfast,” Zammi said as she started walking toward the bathrooms.
“That sounds good to me, too,” Brent said as he started heading to the same area.

“Hey, Lexi. Now that we are almost done cleaning this place, won’t it just sit empty and collect dust anyway?” Zammi asked as she slid a dusting mop under a cabinet.
“That may happen, but we are removing some organic items that have the possibility of causing more deterioration,” Lexi said.
“Well, I guess that does make some sense. Is there any more beyond this area we need to clean?” Zammi asked.
“No, this will be it. Has everyone packed their belongings into the personal cabinets?” Lexi asked.
Everyone either nodded or said “yes.”
“Will anyone inspect how clean this place is?” Brent asked.
“There are no planned inspections that I can find on the schedule,” Lexi answered as she stopped using the brush.
Lexi stared at the brush for a moment, then placed it on a nearby tool cart. Several others noticed her action and paused.
“You may stop now. This residence is now clean enough,” Lexi said, looking toward the others.
“Are your circuits okay, Lexi? You usually make sure places are thoroughly cleaned before we are done,” Tenna asked.
“Hey, I want to be done with this! She just said we are, too,” Zammi said.
“My circuits and programming are fine. I am seeing some futility in continuing, however,” Lexi said.
“That’s pretty deep,” Zammi said.
“I guess we are rubbing off on you more than you realize, Lexi,” Belk said.
“My interaction memories do influence my decisions,” Lexi said.
“This team has affected my decisions. Hopefully in a positive direction,” Darren said.
“At least we get to stick together as a team,” Brent said.
“I would not be ready for a whole new team and new interactions to process,” Darren said.
“Yeah, I’m glad we will be together,” Zammi said as she looked at Brent.
Brent looked at Zammi and smiled.
“Did you want to go take a look at the city one last time?” Brent asked Zammi.
She looked at the clock on the wall and said, “it is night now. Maybe we shouldn’t have put off the cleaning until later.”
“It should be a nice view at least if we can find a window,” Brent said.
“Go to section AJ4-L, that we cleaned the other day. Some of the offices have balconies,” Lexi said.
“Wow, that’s a great idea, Lexi! Thank you!” Brent said with a smile.
“Yeah, thanks, Lexi! We won’t get into trouble though, right?” Zammi asked.
“Security does not patrol that area any longer since it is vacant,” Lexi said.
“That’s good. I don’t want another evening dealing with security again,” Brent said.
“You two may enjoy yourselves,” Lexi said.
Zammi smiled and held out her hand for Brent. He returned the smile as he gently grasped her hand. They walked toward the entrance of the residence.

Brent cautiously put his hand next to the door sensor for the office at section AJ4-L, since he still was nervous about his Bio-ID. He was relieved when the door opened. He smiled and let Zammi enter first. The entryway was partially lit, but there was no trouble navigating further into the suite.
“I think we just head straight back and hopefully we can find one of the offices with a balcony,” Brent said.
“At least we don’t have to clean it this time,” Zammi said as they made their way toward the outer offices.
After a few minutes of exploring through the office hallways, they came to a hallway with one side lined with similar doors spaced at least thirty feet apart.
“I guess we can try any of these offices,” Brent suggested as he closed in on the nearest door.
As he approached the door, it automatically opened and they both slowly walked into the expansive room. It had subtle colors for the walls, ceiling, and floor. The large arched windows gave them a view of the city they rarely saw unless they sought it out.
“It looks like the door to the balcony is over there, to the right of the desk,” Brent said as he pointed to a section of the windows with an outline of a doorframe and mechanical equipment.
“This should be fun, I’ve never taken the time to just look at the city from a place like this before,” Zammi said.
The balcony door opened when they approached it. A rush of warm air greeted them as they proceeded onto the balcony. They slowly walked up to the railing together. They were silent for over a minute as they took in the view. A few air taxis scurried by as well as a few road vehicles passed below them. A large transport lumbered overhead.
“Are you going to miss this, Brent?” Zammi asked as she turned toward him.
“I’m not sure yet. I suppose there may be a few things I may miss, but hopefully, Alpena will not be as busy. How about you?” He asked as he looked into her eyes.
“I’m ready for a change. This city can destroy your soul, as it did to Hank,” Zammi said.
Brent shook his head slightly and said, “we tried to help him, but we just didn’t seem to get through.”
“Some people you just can’t reach,” Zammi said.
“He was one of them. Well, with that, I’m glad we will be leaving here. I suppose Alpena can’t be much worse and it will be much smaller,” Brent said.
“I have hope. Hold me, Brent,” Zammi said as she held out her arms.
Brent smiled and embraced her with his arms.
“I think this should work out well. This team should be able to handle whatever type of new job and conditions we get,” Brent said as he continued to hold her.
“I agree that the team will be fine, but I am thinking about us too,” she said.
Brent thought for a moment then answered, “maybe this new place may open up more options for a relationship. Honestly, something long-term doesn’t make much sense around here, but I guess we’ll have to see how things are in Alpena.”
“Thank you for at least being open to it, Brent,” Zammi said as she held him a bit tighter, then rested her head on his shoulder.
They held their embrace for several minutes. Zammi removed one arm from Brent, then turned to look out over the city once again. Brent released one of his arms from her and gazed at the bustling city around them.
“Are you ready to go back yet?” she asked.
“Yeah, we probably should get some sleep. I’m not even sure how we’ll be traveling tomorrow,” he said.
“Oh, I’m sure Lexi will know if you’re interested,” she said as she started to step away from the edge.
“I’ll just wait to be surprised I guess,” Brent said with a smile as he followed her back into the office.
They slowly made their way back to the residence for one last time.

The door to the residence slid open after Zammi raised her arm to the sensor. They could see that the lights were subdued and the place was mostly quiet. Zammi led Brent as they entered the bed area. Darren and Lexi were set in their charging chairs and the others were in bed.
“I think we’ll need to be quiet,” Zammi whispered as she approached her bed.
“Yeah, I didn’t think we were gone that long, though,” Brent said before sitting on his bed.
“Did you have any trouble finding the balcony?” Tenna whispered, propping herself up in bed.
“No trouble. It was a nice way to say goodbye to this city, I guess,” Brent said.
“Glad to hear that, Brent. I’ll see you in the morning,” Tenna said.
“Goodnight, Tenna,” Brent said.
Yeah, goodnight,” Zammi said.
“I’m going to get ready for bed,” Brent said as he stood and grabbed some clothes from on top of his cabinet.
“Yeah, me too. I’m getting pretty tired,” Zammi said as she headed to the bathroom area.

In the morning, the team wheeled their cabinets to the automated utility carrier waiting just outside the residential area.
“Hopefully, this stuff won’t get lost on the way to Alpena,” Zammi said.
“The shipment tracking tags have been added to each of the cabinets and they will ship together,” Lexi said.
“Oh, so we all will lose our stuff,” Zammi said with a smile.
“That would be unlikely,” Lexi said as a mechanical arm grasped the first cabinet and positioned it in the carrier.
One after another, the arm loaded the cabinets into the carrier. After a warning sounded the door to the carrier lowered and secured shut.
“It’s almost a bit sad that all of our possessions can fit into those small cabinets,” Brent said as the carrier started to move away from the residence.
“That may change in Alpena. The system of ownership allows individuals to possess many more items,” Lexi said.
“How will we be able to acquire more stuff?” Brent asked as they started to move toward the waiting shuttle.
“To compensate for the additional cost required for living in the Alpena area, each of us will receive an increase in the Credex compensation,” Lexi answered.
“Wait, they’re going to pay us more for this position?” Zammi asked.
“Yes, but after the local costs are accounted for, the standard of living may be similar,” Lexi replied as she waited for the others to enter the shuttle.
“Well, at least we will have more choices, but I suppose we could make the wrong ones, too,” Brent said as he sat in his seat.
“Probably few places to lose it in Alpena, at least,” Tenna said.
“Yeah, even with the casinos around here, we can’t afford to gamble anyway,” Belk said as he settled into his seat.
“Currently, there are no sanctioned casinos in Alpena,” Lexi said as the shuttle started to move down the hallway.
“So far, this place sounds pretty nice. Is there some surprise we don’t know about yet?” Zammi asked.
“Yeah, why aren’t more people moving to places like this?” Brent asked.
“The community operates differently than Detlan. While there are still many androids in Alpena, the economy is more of a free-market economy. This allows individuals to earn more based on their worth for society. This does mean that it is possible to earn less or to lose a position. There are fewer protections for people without active employment,” Lexi said.
“So, if we lose the job, we’re screwed?” Brent asked.
“There is temporary assistance available, including funding and any needed retraining,” Lexi said.
“We just can’t live off it forever, I take it,” Brent said.
“Correct, Brent. It is a way of helping people to gain employment again. Only those under eighteen, the disabled, and the aged are exempt from the limited assistance program,” Lexi said.
“At least they’ll be taken care of,” Zammi said.
“This will be interesting,” Brent said as he turned toward Zammi.
“I’m still looking forward to it, Brent,” she said as she rested her head on his shoulders.
They watched from the carrier as it passed through the CARA building hallways one more time.

The group’s carrier came to a stop in front of the level 12 transport station. They all stepped out of it and walked toward the guarded doorway.
The security android said, “each of you must use the Bio-ID scanner as you approach the entrance.”
“Hopefully no problems this time,” Brent mumbled to Zammi as he waited for his turn.
Zammi just let out a slight laugh as she presented her arm to the scanner. After it lit up green, she started walking through the open doorway. Brent was relieved when the light turned green for his Bio-ID, too. Once everyone was through the scanner, they proceeded down a hallway toward the scheduling desk. A few others were waiting for various types of flying transportation. Lexi approached the desk and scanned the schedule board.
“We will have about seven minutes before our Air-Pod shuttle arrives at the level 12D platform,” Lexi said to the others.
“Well, that’ll give us a few minutes. Did you want to sit?” Brent asked.
“I’ll be okay for a few minutes. We just got off the shuttle anyway,” Zammi said.
“Yeah, more sitting in this pod thing for a while. Have you ever been in one?” Brent asked.
“Nope. Never needed to, I guess,” Zammi said as she looked out of the rectangular window that overlooked the street below them.
“I’ve pretty much stayed on the ground myself. Never had a big move this far out of the city,” Brent said.
“Using VR has been our only escape,” Zammi said.
“It’s only for the shorter time than we can afford, too,” Brent said.
“Are you ready to walk up closer to the platform? It shouldn’t be much longer,” Brent asked.
“Yeah, let’s go,” Zammi said before she turned away from the window and started moving.
“We’ll be with you as well,” Tenna said as she and then followed behind Brent and Zammi.
The others joined them as they approached the opening to the open docking platform that protruded out from the building, similar to a broad balcony, but with no railing at the opposite side.
“The Air-Pod shuttle is on schedule and will arrive in about four more minutes,” Lexi said to the waiting team.
The noticeable wind buffeted the team as they stood in the entrance of the platform. There was an android standing in the middle of the doorway. 
“Can we go out onto the platform yet?” Zammi asked.
“Please wait behind the blue line. I will inform you when it is safe to proceed onto the platform,” the android said.
“We’ll wait,” Zammi said as she tried to gaze toward the right and left to get a view of the cavernous street to look for any approaching air transport vehicles.
A few minutes later a large lumbering Air-Pod shuttle slowly pulled up to the landing platform. The four directional fans whined as the shuttle positioned the middle doorway to align with the walkway. After a metallic latching sound was made, the middle pod door lifted open. The other two pods remained shut.
The security android stepped aside and said, “you may now procedure toward the shuttle. Pod 7A1 will have Alpena, Michigan as its final destination.”
The six of them started walking toward the awaiting doorway at the end of the platform. Air ruffled the human’s hair as they made their way to the bus. They could see the container with their packed belongings being moved toward the back Portion of the pod. As they entered the pod, they each found seats, since it was empty.
“Where’s this thing taking us?” Brent asked as he sat in his seat.
“We will be proceeding to the Detlan east regional airport pod transfer station. From there, the pod will transfer to flight AF443L. We will then fly in the pod to an airport outside of Alpena,” Lexi explained.
“I’ll just follow you, Lexi,” Brent said with a smile
“I will lead the way, Brent, but we will not need to leave our seats until we arrive in Alpena,” Lexi said while returning the smile.
“Hey, are you trying to flirt with him?” Zammi asked.
“That is one human activity that is not included in my programming,” Lexi responded.
“She was just trying to be nice, Zammi,” Brent said.
“Well, she wouldn’t have a chance anyway,” Zammi said with a smile.
Zammi leaned in closer to Brent and whispered, “missing special parts, you know.”
Brent smirked in response to Zammi. 
An overhead voice said, “please remain seated until the transport has come to a complete stop at the next destination.”
There was a slight vibration as the transport unlatched from the platform. The engines whirred louder as it pulled forward above the busy street below. Through the grimy windows, they watched the massive buildings on either side as the shuttle maneuvered through the seemingly narrow passage above the streets. Due to the size of the surrounding buildings, it was rare to catch a good glimpse of the morning sky. 

About ten minutes later, the Air-Pod shuttle came to a stop at the pod transfer station platform, which was about fifteen stories above the street.
After the mechanical latching sound was heard, a voice said, “We have arrived at the Detlan east regional airport pod transfer station. Pod 5L2 will transfer to flight R9DG8, pod 7A1 will transfer to flight AF443L, and pod 3R9 will transfer to flight AE972. Please remain seated and secured during this process.”
“That’s good we won’t even have to get up,” Brent said.
“That’s what Lexi said when she was flirting with you earlier,” Zammi said with a smile.
“How could I forget,” Brent said with a smirk.
“Stop it!” Zammi said following up with a light punch to his shoulder.
“Is there an issue between you two?” Lexi asked.
“No, I think we’re okay,” Zammi said while still staring at Brent.
The pod started to move away from the shuttle on a system of tracks. They could see the other two shuttles being transferred alongside their own. The pod shifted in various directions for about ten minutes before being transferred onto the waiting plane. A large door was open on the side of the plane to allow the individual pods to be loaded onto the plane in the sequence opposite to the unloading schedule. Due to the lack of external light, the pod darkened as it slid inside of the plane. Several other pods had to be loaded after their pod.
“Are there going to be a few stops before we get to Alpena?” Brent asked.
“Yes, the plane will stop in Flint, Saginaw, and West Branch before Alpena. The stops should be relatively quick since it will only unload one pod for each destination. The estimated duration, until we reach Alpena, will be approximately 90 minutes,” Lexi said.
The plane shuddered as another pod was locked in place.
“I was thinking of napping during the flight, but I haven’t ever been outside of Detlan. So, I would like to take in some of the scenery along the way,” Zammi said.
“Oddly enough, I have not been outside of Detlan myself,” Lexi said.
“Hope that you enjoy the view along the way too, Lexi,” Brent said.
“The view through the windows will be partially obstructed since the plane has an external set of windows that are separate from the pod windows, but I will be observing the terrain along the way,” Lexi said.
The final pod was loaded into the plane, then the large side door started to shut. With a metallic clunk, the door was latched.
The overhead female voice said, “welcome to flight AF443L. We will be departing in about 2 minutes with our destination order of Flint, Saginaw, West Branch, Alpena, and Mackinaw City. Please check your seat restraints and remain in your seats until there is an announcement stating you may leave your seat for specific reasons. Please relax during the flight.”
“You haven’t been on one of these planes before either, right?” Brent asked Zammi.
“Definitely not. Even though this is not too fancy, I would not have been able to afford it,” Zammi replied.
“Hopefully, we’ll be able to see some of the landscape along the way,” Brent said as he peered through the window next to him.
“We should be able to see the ground I would imagine,” Zammi said as she looked past him toward the window.
“The flight will have a maximum altitude of about a mile. From that vantage point, you should be able to observe many features on the ground. There are few clouds in the forecast today, either,” Lexi said.”
“I’m looking forward to this,” Brent said, still looking out the window.
“I am as well, dear,” Zammi said with a smile.
Brent turned to look at her and smiled back. The engines started to hum louder and a deep metallic unlatching sound could be heard. Carefully, the craft lifted upwards and forward away from the terminal. Each member of the team was glued to the windows as the plane gradually rose past and eventually above the city’s buildings. When they finally were above the buildings, they could see the massive size of the city extended almost to the hazy horizon.
“All this time in a place like this, and I had no idea how truly huge it all is,” Belk said.
“Never been on a plane either?” Brent asked.
“No, mostly for the same reasons you two haven’t either. Too expensive,” Belk said.
“I can’t even see the end of it,” Zammi said.
“The building density will be visibly reduced after about 25 minutes into the flight,” Lexi said.
“I guess we’ll have to watch for that,” Brent said as he turned to look out the window again.
The others continued to observe the scenery as well.
As they passed over the city, Brent noted, “There are some new buildings over there, I guess some places are doing better than our CARA building.”
“Well, I’m still happy to be leaving,” Zammi said with a smile.

After one of the pods was transferred out of the plane at in Flint, the craft continued toward the next stop, West Branch.
“Hey, is that a forest beyond those buildings over that way?” Zammi asked, pointing out the window.
“If that is, it is more trees than I believe I’ve ever seen,” Brent said.
“They are indeed trees. This is the point where the building density will be reduced as we continue north,” Lexi said.
“There are some buildings visible, but definitely a lot less than I’m used to,” Brent said.
“Will this be anything like Alpena?” Zammi asked.
“There will be more buildings in Alpena than in the area below, but the density is much less than Detlan and few buildings are over four stories in height,” Lexi said.
“I think you’ll like Alpena. I haven’t been there myself, but it would seem to be similar to where I grew up,” Tenna said.
“Do you mind if I ask why you left?” Brent asked.
“Not at all, dear. I was lured to Detlan by the promises of the big city of Detlan. So much more happening all of the time. I thought with my qualifications, I would excel in my field,” Tenna said.
She then paused and exhaled for a moment before continuing, “what I discovered was new android units handled most of the good positions in my studied field. Not wanting to give up, I took various low-paying jobs to get by. I held out hope about this great job being there for me for several years. By the time I realized it was never going to happen, I was more or less stuck. My parents had passed away and I did not have enough money to move any real distance away. So, I continued menial jobs until the one with this team.”
“Are you hopeful about Alpena?” Zammi asked.
“Yes, I am. It may not be in my field, but the location will be something similar to my past,” Tenna replied.
“Do you miss the way things were after you grew up?” Brent asked.
“I have pleasant memories of my childhood and the community where I grew up. If Alpena is still anything like this, you may enjoy it too,” Tenna said
“It may be a different perspective being an adult, though,” Zammi said.
“That will be a factor, but even with more responsibility, I suspect there will be more freedom, too,” Tenna said.
“Freedom is a word that hasn’t been discussed too much in Detlan. Most things are decided for us,” Brent said.
“This may take some getting used to,” Zammi said.
“What do you mean?” Brent asked.
“Having to decide,” Zammi responded.
“Hopefully I won’t take forever on what I want for dinner,” Brent said with a smile.
“If you take too long, I’ll choose for you, dear,” Zammi said with a smirk.
They both laughed and turned to look out the window again.

Brent looked toward Zammi as he asked, “are you doing okay with the flight so far?”
Zammi turned toward Brent and said, “it’s been smoother than I thought it might be. I was worried about getting sick from flying.”
“Yeah, it has been uneventful at least,” Brent said.
Lexi spoke up and said, “Zammi and Brent, you should be able to start seeing visible buildings and other structures from Alpena out of your window now.”
They both turned toward the window and peered out in the direction where the craft was heading.
“Wow, there aren't too many tall buildings there,” Brent said.
“Is that dark blue area over there the lake too?” Zammi asked.
“Yes, that is Lake Huron. Alpena is built along the lake and the Thunder Bay River,” Lexi said.
“Are there any beaches?” Zammi asked with a smile.
“There are a couple of public beaches available. The swimming season usually lasts from June to August or September. The water and the weather will be too cold during other times of the year,” Lexi said.
“Maybe I’ll have to learn how to swim,” Brent said.
“That would be advised if you plan on entering the water often or venture onto the lake on a boat of some type,” Lexi said.
“Too bad we won’t get enough free time or money to do that kind of thing,” Zammi said.
“As I mentioned before, the reimbursement rate for CARA in Alpena will be higher than it was in Detlan. At least initially, the work schedule will not require beyond five days a week. We will likely not be required to work on Saturdays and Sundays,” Lexi said.
“Hey, I guess I’ll have to start remembering what day it is,” Brent said.
“Having time off will be something new for us. Guess we’ll have to find things to do,” Zammi said.
“I haven’t enjoyed a full weekend in many years,” Tenna said.
Zammi had a puzzled look on her face and asked, “weekend?”
“I guess it has been a very long time if you two don’t even know what that means. It refers to Saturday and Sunday. Historically, many jobs allowed people to work Monday through Friday then they had Saturday and Sunday off to do as they please, and then return the following week for work. That changed years ago with the android induced wage drop. The big cities never stop and work is always needed. Thankfully, there are still a few places where this hasn’t happened. It seems like Alpena is one of those places,” Tenna said.
“This will be a change for us, but so far, I’m feeling okay about it,” Brent said as he turned to Zammi.
“This does sound good to me, too,” Zammi said.
“Attention passengers, please return to your seats and fasten your restraints. We will be landing at the Alpena Regional Airport in approximately three minutes. Thank you,” the overhead female voice said.
“You heard the woman, buckle up, babe,” Zammi said with a smile.
Brent smiled and said, “Never took it off, dear.”
The craft rocked slightly as the four engines adjusted the speed to begin the descent.

The plane hovered above the ground before slowly lowering onto the designated landing pad. Once on the ground, the engines decelerated until stopping completely.
“We’re not even landing on a building. This is just a paved pad in a field,” Brent said.
“Are we going to walk from here?” Zammi asked.
“No, there will be a transport that will dock with the plane and take us to the terminal,” Lexi said.
“Are you worried about catching some fresh air for a change?” Tenna said with a smirk.
“What’s that?” Zammi replied with a similar smirk.
Tenna just smiled at Zammi as they waited for the transport to arrive and the doorway to open.
“Welcome to our last stop, Alpena, Michigan. You may unbuckle your restraints while you wait for the transport,” the overhead female voice said.
Within a minute, a large unmanned mobile transport vehicle arrived at the craft and extended a vestibule toward the doorway. Soon the door automatically unlatched and opened allowing passage into the transport vehicle.
“The terminal transport vehicle is now available. Please exit through the main right cabin doorway into the vehicle. You may remain standing in the transport vehicle. We hope that you will enjoy Alpena,” the overhead voice said.
“Let’s go check this place out,” Brent said as he stood up.
Zammi and the others followed him as they all made their way into the transport vehicle. Once all of them were in the vehicle, the door to the vehicle shut and it began moving toward a relatively small glass two-story building at the edge of the tarmac.
“Where do we go after we get to this terminal building?” Brent asked.
“Transportation has been arranged to take the team to our residence building. We just need to follow signs to the ground transportation in this terminal,” Lexi replied as they approached the terminal.
“This place definitely has a much smaller feel to it than Detlan,” Zami said.
“Hopefully, it will be a little more relaxing than Detlan, too,” Brent said.
“It may not be as exciting, but I think you’ll both like it,” Tenna said.
“Maybe that won’t be so bad,” Zammi said with a smile.
“I don’t need the extra excitement,” Belk said.
“When you get tired of deadlines, danger, and stress, something calm may be what you need,” Tenna said in agreement with Belk.
“We are approaching the main terminal,” Lexi said.
“Is anyone waiting for us? Or are we on our own, here?” Zammi asked.
“The manager of the Brookside Apartments is scheduled to meet us and will escort us to our new residential building,” Tenna said.
“Do you know the name of this manager?” Brent asked as the shuttle slowed just before it was secured to the portal to the terminal.
“Her name is Rae. She has been in Alpena for almost ten years,” Lexi responded.
“Even learning a bit of her history. Thanks, Lexi,” Brent said.
“I do know more, but you likely would lose interest quickly,” Lexi said.
The intercom voice stated, “you may now proceed toward the exit into the Alpena terminal. Please watch your step at the threshold.”
“Yeah, you do understand me quite well, Lexi,” Brent said with a smile as he began walking toward the exit.
“Not many people in the terminal,” Zammi said as she entered the open concourse.
“Much less traffic here than Detlan. It looks like mostly the airport workers,” Brent said.
“Except this lady coming toward us,” Tenna said, looking toward a woman close to her age approaching the team.
The woman smiled as she neared them and said, “you must be the CARA team from Detlan, correct?”
“Yes, and you must be Rae?” Tenna said.
“My name’s Belk,” Belk said as he thrust out his hand toward her.
“Okay, Belk. Nice to meet you,” Rae said as she shook his hand.
“I’m Brent and this is Zammi,” Brent said as he waved his hand toward Zammi.
“My name is DRN-558, but I am usually referred to as Darren,” Darren said.
“Yeah, I’ll just use Darren,” Rae said with a smile.
“And I am Lexi. The team leader,” Lexi said.
“Well, I have a van parked in the terminal circle drive to take you to the Brookside Apartments and I will show you your new homes. Your luggage and packed items will be delivered to your new apartments soon after we arrive,” Rae said.
“Well, I’m ready to go,” Zammi said.
“Just follow me to the van,” Rae said as she led the team across the concourse to the central doorway.
A lone android sentry watched the team as they exited the terminal.
“Just one guard for the entrance? They usually had three or more just for our CARA building,” Brent said.
Wait, they didn’t scan us, did they?” Zammi asked as they walked into the sunshine.
“There are a few places that do so in town and it is needed if you board a flight, but generally it is rare. Mostly you just use your chip to pay for things,” Rae said as she walked to the large white van.
“How about security cameras? Detlan has them everywhere, streets, shops, offices, hallways, even our residence.” Brent asked.
“There are a few in the streets and some of the stores, but they are not needed much around here. Crime is fortunately not too common around here,” Rae answered.
“So, our conversation is not being recorded now?” Zammi asked as they approached the large van.
“That’s one big thing I don’t miss about the mega-cities. You don’t have to constantly think before you speak,” Rae said as she touched a door pillar on the van and the side door slid open.
“Oh, I’ll likely still have to watch what I say,” Brent said as he smiled toward Zammi.
“That’s right, dear!” Zammi said, returning the smile.
“And then they wonder why we’re quiet most of the time,” Belk said as he started making his way toward the open van door.
Everyone entered the van and took a seat. Rae sat in the front and tapped the screen a few times to set the destination. Soon it was moving away from the airport circle drive on the way to their apartment complex. As the van proceeded onto the two-lane road into town, it passed several houses along the way.
“Do people actually live in those houses?” Zammi asked.
“The houses are mostly owned by families,” Rae said, as she turned back to see the team sitting behind her.
“Wait, . . . there are families here? And they have enough to own their own homes?” Zammi asked in surprise.
“That’s right, you’ll need to learn how to manage Credex now that you will be living here too. Few can buy houses outright, but they can use the financing to pay for them over time,” Rae said.
“Did you ever finance a house, Tenna?” Brent asked.
“No, my parents did though. I moved to Detlan after college and never had enough Credex to think about trying to buy a house or an apartment on my own,” Tenna said.
“Hey, Rae, is there any place around here where you can learn how to handle money, at least better than we may know already?” Brent asked.
“There are a few local banks that may have people that could help. They may even do seminars every now and then. The other option is to use online resources,” Rae answered.
“I’ll have to keep that in mind,” Brent said.
“Money doesn’t come with instructions. It can do a lot to make your life better, but it can also cause plenty of pain. It’s all in what you do with it,” Rae cautioned.
The team was quiet for several seconds.
“I think I’ll be watching how I spend my money now,” Brent said.
“Yeah, me too,” Zammi agreed.
“Lexi, how good are you at managing money?” Zammi asked.
“My financial expertise is limited to the various functions I have served over the years. I will need to do more research into managing personal finance,” Lexi said.
“I think we will both need an upgrade for this,” Darren said.
Lexi managed a smile and said, “if we will have the memory space to do so.”
“There are items in my memory that I can purge to make the room,” Darren said.
“That is a good point. I can do the same,” Lexi said.
Others in the group smiled as the van continued to the residence.

About five minutes later, the van pulled into a circle drive in front of the lobby to a two-story building.
“Is this it?” Brent asked while looking out the window.
“This is your new home,” Rae said.
“I was expecting something more run down and near a dump,” Zammi said.
“The rooms may be somewhat compact, but they will be your own,” Rae said as the door started to slide open.
“Let’s go see our new home!” Brent said as he stepped through the door.
As everyone gathered outside of the van, Rae said, “follow me. We will go through the lobby first. All of your apartments are on the second floor and the entrances are from an interior hallway rather than external doors.”
They followed Rae toward the main lobby entrance. The door automatically opened as they approached. As they entered the lobby, they looked around at the two-story ceiling with geometrically shaped sculptures hanging from it. They could also hear the sound of gently cascading water from a nearby fountain,
“Wow! I may hang out here just to relax,” Brent said, as he stopped to look around.
“This is nice,” Zammi said.
“You may find many more pleasant things in this town that you wouldn’t find in Detlan. Unless you were with the elite people,” Rae said.
“I believe that, Rae. We have been here for about ten minutes and I am already enjoying it,” Brent said.
“Let’s keep going,” Rae said as she turned and started walking toward the main desk.
“This is Fran, she is our front desk android. She will be able to assist you with anything you may need for your apartment and she is knowledgeable about Alpena too,” Rae said.
“You must be the CARA team from Detlan. Welcome to Brookside Apartments. As Rae said, I will be happy to assist with any inquiries you may have,” Fran said.
“Why, thank you, Fran. I may need some assistance in these new surroundings,” Darren said.
“Settle down there, Darren. Let’s go check out these apartments,” Tenna said as they started to walk past the desk and through a corridor.
While in the corridor, Lexi said, “remember, Darren. She is probably half your age.”
The others chuckled as they approached a security point.
“Okay, this is one of the few places that we have some security. You will need to scan your chip on the pad on the wall here and there is a camera above the doorway, too,” Rae said as she raised her arm to the scanner.
“There are secondary scanners in the doorframe. So now that the door is open, we can all proceed into the hallway and to the elevator,” Rae said as she led them through the doorway.
Once the team was through, the door automatically shut behind them. They proceeded to the elevator that was ahead of them. As they approached the elevator, it automatically opened for them.
“We’ll just take the short ride to the second floor and will show you to your apartments,” Rae said as the doors closed.
In less than ten seconds, the doors reopened and the team filtered out into the hallway.
“Okay, the first apartment is just a few doors down to the right and the others are the following doors that are adjacent or across the hall,” Rae said as she continued walking.
As they approached the first door, Rae said, “212 will be Lexi’s room. You may scan your chip to open the door.”
“Oh, I see we have to sneak by the boss’s place to get out of here,” Zammi said.
“That is right, Zammi. I will be checking up on you,” Lexi said with a smile.
“I see this place is making you more relaxed, too, Lexi,” Brent said.
Lexi kept smiling.
“The rest of you can come in to see the place. They are all very similar,” Rae said as she gestured with her hand for them to enter.
The team flowed into the first room of the apartment.
“The CARA company will fund the basic rent for the apartments. This rent will cover the basic utilities and a basic network connection subscription. They do include some basic furniture and kitchen equipment. There are plenty of local stores to purchase any additional items you may need or want. I believe CARA should have made an initial deposit available in your account. Is this correct, Lexi?” Rae asked.
“Yes, each member of the team should now have a deposit of 1,328 Credex to cover the relocation expenses,” Lexi said.
Brent and Zammi looked at each other. 
Zammi said, “that’s more than 3 months of our salary in Detlan.”
“As a reminder, be cautious with your funds. This will be all you have until the next pay date on the 15th of the month. You will need to purchase food, clothing, and any other items you need with the original funds until the next payment is available,” Lexi said. 
“Thanks for the reminder, Lexi,” Brent said.
“Okay, getting back to the apartment, though this living room is not too large, it should be sufficient to what most of you will need. It includes a built-in entertainment center on the wall, some basic furniture,” Rae said as the team looked around the room.
Rae took a few steps more into the apartment and said, “this is the kitchen area. It includes relatively new appliances for preparing meals and storing food. There will be a complimentary delivery package of food, for humans at least, later today. This will help you adjust before you have to venture out to the local grocery store or set up a delivery service.”
“Are there special considerations for the androids in the group,” Darren asked.
“Absolutely, in place of the food, there will be a complimentary delivery of standard maintenance items later today. All of the bedrooms are equipped with the standard charging systems,” Rae said.
“Will it just be one charging system?” Darren asked.
“Yes, let’s walk into the bedroom and I can show you,” Rae said as she started walking to the next room.
“In the bedroom, you have a basic bed with bedding, the storage closet, and the charging system in the corner here,” Rae said pointing to a corner away from the window.
“I take it, we would need to purchase an additional charging system if we wanted more than one,” Darren asked.
“Yes, there is additional capacity available in the electrical circuits if one is added,” Rae said.
“Is that a balcony off the bedroom?” Brent asked.
“Oh, yes! A balcony or patio is a feature that each apartment has. The door is tied to your Bio-ID. So, it will be secure,” Rae said.
Lexi walked to the panel and pressed it. The door slid open and the fresh outside air filtered into the room. Lexi slowly made her way onto the balcony. Some of the other team members followed or gazed at the view.
“Hey, is that the lake there?” Zammi asked, pointing to the deep blue area beyond the houses across the street.
“Yes, you can see Lake Huron from the apartments on this site. The trees from the park are visible from the rooms on the other side of the hallway,” Rae said from inside the room.
Rae allowed the team to take in the view for at least a minute.
“Were there any questions anyone had on the apartments?” Rae asked.
“So, our belongings will be delivered later today?” Belk asked.
“The personal storage carts will be delivered to the apartments within an hour,” Lexi said.
“Can I see my room next?” Zammi asked.
“You’re in luck, Zammi. Your room will be next. Is everyone ready to continue?” Rae asked.
“Yep, let’s go!” Brent said with a smile.
Rae led the way as everyone but Lexi followed her out into the hallway and to the room across the hall. The tour continued until all team members were in settled in their apartments.

Brent removed some shirts from his cabinet and placed them in the dresser. 
A tone sounded and an overhead voice said, “a female is waiting for your attention at your door, Mr. Tyner.”
“Can you identify the person?” Brent asked.
“It is Zammicle Hartland at the door,” the voice said.
“Great! Can you let her in or do I need to open the door?” Brent asked.
“The door has been unlocked and opened,” the voice said.
“Hey, are you still unpacking?” Zammi said as she entered the apartment.
“Yeah, I’m just putting some clothes away now. I’m back in the bedroom now. We probably won’t need these cabinets after we put the stuff away,” Brent said as Zammi entered the room.
“No, we really won’t. Maybe they can ship them back to Detlan or something,” Zammi said as she stepped closer to him.
“We’ll need to start our new jobs tomorrow,” Zammi said looking into his eyes.
“It’ll be interesting to see what they’ll have us doing. Probably more cleaning and those kinds of tasks,” Brent said.
“As long as there are no more nasty machines to clean, it’ll be an improvement,” Zammi said.
“That’s true,” Brent said as he nodded.
“Want to take a break?” she asked.
“I’m not really working too hard, but sure,” he said.
“Have you been on your balcony?” she asked.
“Actually, no. I would like to see what the view is like,” he said while nodding.
“You may have to open the door since it’s tied to your ID,” she said.
“Sure, let’s see if this works,” he said as he made his way to the sliding door.
He pushed the button and the door slid open. The warm evening air entered the room. He gestured to Zammi to proceed first. She smiled and walked outside. He followed a short distance behind her.
“This is similar to Lexi’s view. I can see the lake from here,” Zammi said.
“Can you see it from your room?” Brent asked, turning toward her.
“No, I’m on the other side, but the view of the forest is actually pleasing too,” she said looking outward toward the lake.
“I’ll have to check that out sometime,” he said.
“Trying to invite yourself over, huh?” she said with a smile.
“Well I won’t barge in or anything,” he said.
“Don’t worry, you’ll get a chance,” she said.
After a pause, she said, “I’m quite relaxed now. How about you?”
“Yes, definitely relaxed,” he said as he looked toward the lake.
He could feel her arm slowly reaching around his waist. In response, he placed his around her waist too. Almost simultaneously, they exhaled a deep sigh. Their embrace continued for several minutes.
“Are you hungry?” she asked.
“Yeah, I could get something to eat, I suppose. I take it you are hungry too?” he said.
“Yep, I did not go through the food items they left for us. So, I’m not sure if there will be enough for both of us or not. I could go back to my apartment to get something if needed,” she said.
“Let’s check first,” he said as he started making his way toward the kitchen.
Once in the kitchen, he opened the package containing the food items.
“Let’s see, this meal seems to have two servings in it. How does this pepper steak meal sound for tonight?” Brent asked.
“That’ll work. Too bad we don’t have any booze yet,” Zammi said.
“I believe I still have some wine in my cabinet. Hopefully, it didn’t spill during the trip,” he said.
“That’d be a tragedy,” she said with a smirk.
“Do you want to find the wine and I’ll see if I can figure out how to make this meal,” she offered.
“Yeah, I’ll be back in a minute to help out again,” he said just before leaving the kitchen.
Zammi picked up the package and started to review the directions. Within a few minutes, Brent returned with a bottle of wine.
“Tragedy avoided! Not a drop was spilled,” he said as he entered the kitchen.
“This meal seems simple enough. How about getting some wine for us while we finish getting this in the Versa-Oven?” she asked.
“I’ll find some glasses,” he said as he started reaching for one of the cabinets.
After checking several cabinets, he removed to normal glass and said, “no wine glasses that I can find. Hopefully, this will be okay.”
“I’d drink out of the bottle if I had to, dear,” she said with a smile.
Brent laughed and proceeded to open the bottle and pour the wine.

Zammi finished the last of her wine, then set the glass on the table.
“Did you get enough?” Brent asked.
“Yeah, I’m full. Maybe we can try my place tomorrow evening. I have the same food packages there,” she suggested.
“That should work or since we have some money, maybe we could find a local restaurant,” he suggested.
“Hmm, that would be another option. We will need to explore this place to see what is available,” she said. 
“Speaking of exploring this place. Would you like to go for a walk?” Brent asked.
“Oh Yes! Let’s see if we can find a beach,” Zammi said enthusiastically.
“Well, the sun is starting to go down, but it’s not too dark yet,” Brent said.
“There’ll be lights around too if it starts getting darker,” she said while starting to stand.
“Let’s go! Oh, did you want to ask any of the others?” Brent asked as he stood up from the table.
“Let’s just make it you and me this time. Okay, dear?” she said with a smirk.
Brent smiled back at her as they made their way to the door to the hallway. Brent put his arm near the door sensor and it slid open.
“After you, dear,” he offered with a smile and then allowed her to proceed first.
“Thank you,” she said as she passed into the hallway.
The two of them walked to the elevator and went to the lobby. Each of them paused for a moment to appreciate the cascading water fountain as they passed by.
“Definitely feeling more relaxed here so far. How about you?” Brent asked.
“Relaxed is a good way to explain my mood now. Let’s check out the lake now,” Zammi said.
Brent smiled and replied, “sure. It shouldn’t be too far from here.”
They approached the main door to the lobby, which opened when they were close.
Once outside, Brent said, “I think we can go along this street to the right. That should get us to the lake.”
As they made their way along the sidewalk, Zammi said, “yeah, it should be harder to get lost around here than in Detlan.”
“There were at least a few times I managed to get lost there,” Brent said.
“Was that alcohol or were you disoriented?” Zammi asked with a smirk.
“Well, probably both at one time or another,” Brent said.
“Yeah, I’ve done that too, I guess,” Zammi said as they continued to walk toward the lake.
As they passed several homes, Zammi asked, “so these are the types of homes that people can own around here?”
Brent looked at the one they were passing and replied, “apparently people have the money to own them. There seem to be many around here. Some may even have families living in them.”
“I’m not sure what it would have been like to be in a family growing up,” Zammi said.
“I did sometimes wonder what it would be like growing up in a place where people would love and care for you,” Brent said.
“I do remember some of the people that looked after me growing up, but they would not remember me. Just too many others around,” Zammi said as they passed more houses.
“I felt like there was not much support other than from a few other kids I knew,” he said.
“Not everyone made it through either,” Zammi said.
“Suicide did happen in MDCF-23. Originally, I did not understand, the kids would just disappear. All their stuff would be gone. But we didn’t know why. That was until I found a boy hanging in the shower room. After that, I started noticing what was happening,” Brent said.
“The whole thing messed up most of us. Some more than others. I still wish we could have helped Hank,” Zammi said.
“Well, we did try with Hank. We just couldn’t convince him to get help,” Brent said and then followed with a sigh.
“We’ve got to think about something happier. It looks like there’s a park across the street,” Zammi said.
“Maybe there’ll be a beach too,” Brent said as they started to cross the street.
Zammi followed him to the park. The mowed grass and the few large trees allowed a view of the sandy beach along the lake. As they came up to the beach, Brent kneeled and ran the sand through the hand.
After a relaxed sigh, he said, “I’ve only seen a beach in VR or photos. This is real.”
Zammi kneeled beside him, put her hand into the sand, and said, “it’s still warm from the sun. We’ll need to find our swimsuits soon.”
“Yeah, I have one, but I know I could use something new soon. It’ll still be summer for another month or so,” Brent said.
“Let’s go check out the water!” Zammi said as she stood up and continued walking toward the shore.
Brent followed her as they came up closer to the water with light waves lapping against the sand. They passed a few people sitting on towels and a few kids were splashing in the lake. When Brent got close to the water, he bent over and put his hand into the water.
“Is it really cold?” Zammi asked.
“Actually, it’s not all that bad. Not bathwater, but it would be nice as long as you are moving in it,” Brent said.
“Let me check,” Zammi said as she reached down to put her hand in too.
“Yeah, I see what you mean. It may take a little getting used to it, but it could feel good,” Zammi said.
Brent stood up and slowly looked up and down the beach. Zammi stood up and reached out to hold his hand. They stood together for a few minutes taking in the peaceful scene.
Zammi then let go of his hand and started taking off her shoes and socks. 
“What are you doing that for?” Brent asked.
“I’m going to wade into the water a bit to see what it feels like,” Zammi said as she rolled up her pant cuffs.
“I might as well try that too,” Brent said as he reached down to start removing his shoes.
Soon they both were letting the waves rush over their feet while their toes were in the wet sand. Zammi came up to Brent and put her arm around his waist. His arm was soon around her waist too. They watched as a boy and a girl came in from the water and went toward a man and a woman sitting on towels on the beach. The man stood up and gave each of the kids their towels to dry off. After each of them rubbed themselves with the towels, they spread them onto the sand and lay down on them. The man sat down next to the woman.
“Is that a family?” Zammi whispered to Brent.
“It must be. They are looking after each other,” he whispered back.
“They seem to like being close to each other, too,” she said.
They both turned back toward the lake for about a minute. He looked at the lake first, then back at Zammi.
“I could get used to this,” he said.
“You mean the lake?” she said.
“Everything. The lake, the beach, the city, and you,” he said with a serious smile.
Zammi smiled back and said, “I am glad you are here too, Brent.”
They continued to gaze at each other for about a minute, then they both looked out toward the lake. A beach ball bounced by them and landed close to the water behind them. The boy and girl raced from their parents toward the ball. The boy then kicked the ball toward his sister and she was able to bounce it back toward him. It bounced off of his shoulder and went into the water right next to Brent. Brent reached down and tossed the ball in their direction.
“Hey, thanks, mister!” the girl said with a smile.
“Sure,” Brent said while returning the smile.
Both the boy and the girl smiled back at him, then ran off continuing to chase the ball around on the beach. Zammi and Brent watched them for a few more seconds. Zammi looked down at the beach.
“This is so far from what my childhood was like. I’m not really sure how to react to this,” Zammi said.
“This is quite foreign to me as well. I get the feeling this type of experience is common around here,” Brent said.
“I guess it’s a shame we’ll never experience this type of childhood,” Zammi said.
Brent turned to look out toward the lake, then turned back to Zammi and said, “well, maybe we can help others experience it instead.”
“You mean like volunteering to help kids around here?” she asked.
“That . . . or maybe other options,” he said slowly.
“What other options? . . . Oh wow, . . . um . . . We haven’t even started our new job yet,” she fumbled.
“No hurry. Let’s just see where this adventure takes us,” he said calmly.
Zammi exhaled deeply to relax, and then said, “I can agree to that. I can wait too.”
They both smiled at each other then slowly embraced. Soon they were looking out toward the lake again watching the bright pink sky as the sun set behind them.
 
VI

The alarm buzzer awoke Brent at six the following morning. Looking around for a moment, he noted how quiet it was without the others around. He slept fairly well, but still had some uneasiness about the new job. He arose from the bed and walked to the bathroom to get ready for the day. 
After making a quick breakfast in the kitchen, he left the apartment to see if any of the others were ready. Lexi and Tenna were talking. They turned toward him as he stepped into the hallway. 
“I see you made it through the night,” Tenna said.
“Yeah, it really wasn’t too bad sleeping. Anybody else up yet?” Brent asked.
“Belk and Darren should be waiting in the lobby. I can hear Zammi in her apartment. She should be out soon,” Lexi said.
Zammi’s door opened and she stepped out into the hallway.
“I’m not late, am I?” Zammi asked.
“No, Zammi. We have eight minutes before the shuttle will take us to the CARA building in Alpena,” Lexi said.
“Well, I’m ready. Are the others downstairs already?” Zammi asked.
“Yes, Belk and Darren are waiting for us in the lobby,” Lexi said.
“Let’s go meet them, then,” Zammi said with a smile.
The team then walked toward the elevator.

The team exited the autonomous shuttle that parked at the back entrance of the CARA building. The building appeared to be relatively new since CARA did not have a presence in Alpena until about five years earlier.
“Well, it’s new at least,” Brent said.
“Not sure what we will be doing in here, though,” Zammi said.
“As I mentioned before, the only information I have is that the jobs will be custodial and maintenance,” Lexi said as the shuttle started to move onto the next location.
“Custodial is okay, but I don’t have much experience in with maintenance, though,” Brent said.
“Some of the maintenance will be basic, but for more complicated tasks, there will be training opportunities. Successful completion will also mean a salary increase,” Lexi said.
“More money? That’s an interesting concept,” Zammi said.
“The more skills you can offer, the more they will be willing to pay,” Tenna said.
“Let’s go in and hear about the new jobs!” Zammi said with a smile.
The team proceeded toward the rear entrance. Lexi paused by the scanner and the door opened. The team followed her into the corridor. As they continued down the corridor, an older model android approached them from the other direction.
“You must be the new team from Detlan CARA-ELT. Welcome to CARA-A2 in Alpena. My name is Stewart and I am the site manager for this building,” Stewart said as he stopped in front of the team.
“Thank you for the welcome, Stewart. My model name is LX-4327, but I also go by Lexi. I am the team leader,” Lexi said.
“Nice to meet you, Lexi. Few androids use the model names up here. I am aware of the other team members, but can you introduce me to them?” Stewart asked.
Lexi used her hand to point to each member of the team as she said, “this is Belk, Darren, Tenna, Zammi, and Brent.”
“It is nice to meet you all. We may as well get started. I will show you to the maintenance room. This is where you will be based. It should contain the equipment that will be needed for the daily custodial and maintenance tasks. Please follow me,” Stewart said before turning around and leading the team.
The team followed Stewart through a few more hallways before they came to an elevator with a ‘Maintenance Elevator’ label on it.
“This elevator will be available to you and it is separate from the set of elevators in the main lobby of the building,” Stewart said as he remotely called for the elevator.
“I take it the maintenance room isn’t on the main floor?” Tenna asked.
“No, it is in the lower level with some of the building's mechanical systems,” Stewart said as the elevator door opened.
“Follow me,” Stewart said as he stepped into the elevator.
The team filled up the elevator, the doors soon closed, and it proceeded downward. After soon stopping, the doors reopened and the team stepped out into the lower hallway.
“It is lighter down here than I was expecting for a basement,” Brent said.
“Are there any windows down here?” Zammi asked.
“No, this floor is completely below grade. Only artificial light can be used in this location,” Stewart said before continuing down the hallway.
“Not exactly working on a beach, I guess,” Brent whispered to Zammi.
Zammi smiled at Brent as they followed Stewart for a little while longer. After passing a corner, they stopped at a door with ‘Maintenance’ on it. There was a scanning pad near the door.
“This is the primary maintenance room. Did anyone have any questions on how to find this room?” Stewart asked.
“Will we always use the back entrance when we come into the building?” Zammi asked.
“Yes, that will be used for entry and exiting the building,” Stewart said.
“Then I should be able to get to this room,” Zammi said.
Stewart placed his arm near the scanner and the door opened.
“Each of your security codes has been entered into the system allowing access to all necessary locations during the standard working hours. Follow me and I will show you the room,” Stewart said before walking into the room.
The lights illuminated as the team entered the large room. Large machines hummed on one side of the room and a massive network of piping cluttered the ceiling above them. Several large cabinets were near the center of the room. 
Stewart stood in the middle between a set of cabinets and said, “these cabinets contain the basic cleaning materials you will need and the workshop area for any repair work is over to the left. The carts are located in the room near the back to the right. Are there any questions?” Stewart asked.
“Do the cabinets contain any special clothing for messy jobs?” Brent asked.
“Yes, there are coats, coveralls, and boots in cabinet 3. To wash them, you may use the laundry equipment back in that corner,” Stewart said as he pointed.
“What are our assignments for today?” Lexi asked.
“The primary tasks will be cleaning office suites 2B4 through 2C8 on the second floor. There may be other incidental tasks that arise. Lexi, I will send you the complete details now,” Stewart said.
“I now have the assignments for today. We will now begin our work,” Lexi said.
“You may contact me using the network if you have any other questions,” Stewart said before turning to leave the team in the room.
“Okay, I guess we should check out the cabinets and see what we need to take to the suites,” Brent said.
“I believe we can use that large cart for the stuff,” Zammi said.
“It is automated and will follow us to the worksite,” Lexi said before walking toward one of the cabinets.
“I’m interested to see what these rooms we will be cleaning look like,” Zammi said.
“It sounds like they won’t be mostly empty like the Detlan ones,” Brent said as he opened a cabinet and looked inside.
“Let’s pack this cart and head up to the second floor,” Lexi said as she moved a vacuum cleaner.
Soon the team was on the way to the second floor with the automated cart following them.

“I believe we can start with suite 2B4 and proceed in sequential order for the others. Several of the suites are occupied, which means we need to be mindful of the tenants,” Lexi said outside of a rear door to the suite.
“I’ve got it, we’ll try to keep the noise down,” Brent said.
“I’ll try not to yell at too much this time,” Zammi said with a smirk.
Brent smiled back at her.
“We will be able to use the vacuum and polishing machines since they are relatively new and use noise-canceling technology,” Lexi told the group just before swiping her arm near the door sensor.
The crew silently entered the suite.
In a lowered voice, Lexi said, “please split up into groups of two and start cleaning each of the three areas within the suite.”
Brent and smiled at each other, then went toward the automated cart for the equipment. Belk and Tenna teamed up as did Darren and Lexi. They soon had the equipment and were starting the cleaning process.

Brent maneuvered the portable vacuum around a set of translucent cubicles. As he entered the next one, he could see a woman wearing an AR headset swiping at the air to accomplish some unseen task. She paused for a moment when she saw Brent, then smiled.
“You must be new around here,” she said.
“Yes, this is our first day on the job here,” Brent said as he paused the vacuum.
“My name is Tali. I have been here for about four years. It is nice to see that we will be having the place cleaned on a more regular basis,” she said.
“My name is Brent. Our team just moved here from CARA in Detlan,” Brent said.
“Yeah, I’m glad I don’t live there. I probably would be doing similar jobs as you are,” Tali said.
“People really can get better jobs here?” Brent asked.
“If you get the proper training, yes,” Tali answered.
Brent slowly nodded his head, then said, “that’s good to know. I probably should get back to work. Zammi might get jealous.”
“Well, you can tell her that I’m married and that I’m just trying to be nice and not steal you away,” Tali said with a smile.
“You’re married? Is that common around here?” Brent Asked.
“Yes, many of the people around here are married. Is it not common in Detlan?” Tali asked.
Brent thought for a moment and said, “I really don’t remember meeting many people who were married.”
“Well, you’ll have the opportunity here. You said her name is Zammi?” Tali said with a smile.
“Yes, that is her name. We will have to see, I guess,” Brent said.
“I’m sure you will,” Tali said, continuing to smile.
Well, I better get back to work, but it was nice meeting you, Tali.” Brent said.
“Nice to meet you as well, Brent,” Tali said before turning away slightly to use her AR system.
Brent switched on the vacuum again and finished cleaning the cubicle.

While waiting for the others to finish, Brent and Zammi loaded their equipment into the cart before leaving for the next suite.
“Did anyone talk to you here?” Brent asked Zammi quietly.
“Well, no one was rude to me, but I did not talk to anyone. How about you?” Zammi said.
“Actually, someone did talk to me while I was cleaning an office,” Brent said.
“So, did he yell at you to leave?” Zammi said with a smile.
“No, it was a she, and she was nice,” Brent said as he stepped back from the cart.
“What! She was flirting with you! Probably an android at least,” Zammi said as she moved near him.
Brent turned around to look at her and said, “no, she was welcoming us here and even let me know that humans can get better jobs when they complete special training.”
“So, we really can move up around here?” Zammi asked.
“Apparently so. She said that she has been here for about four years,” Brent said.
“Wow, that’s not real long. We may have to look into this, but you need to focus on me remember!” Zammi said with a smirk.
“I hear you loud and clear, my dear, but she is married,” Brent said.
“She’s married? Anyway, I'll still be watching you,” Zammi said.
Lexi and Darren walked up with their tools.
“You two finished early. Are the rooms appropriately cleaned?” Lexi asked as she started loading her tools into the cabinet.
“Yes, all of the rooms in our section are now cleaned,” Brent said.
“Here comes Belk and Tenna now, too,” Zammi said as they approached the cart.
“We’re all done with our section. There were some nice people. Did any of you talk with the people working here?” Belk asked as he started to place some tools in the cart.
“I talked to one person. She was quite nice,” Brent said.
“He won’t be talking to her anymore, though. Will you?” Zammi said while looking at Brent.
“I guess I won’t, apparently,” Brent said with a sheepish smile.
“Okay, let's move onto the adjacent suite and start cleaning. We should be able to break for lunch after we are finished,” Lexi said as she turned to head down the hall.
Brent the others went behind Lexi and the automatic cart followed both of them to the next suite.

Later, near the end of the shift, the team loaded their carts for the last time before putting things away in the maintenance room.
“We did manage to clean all of the assigned areas today. After we return the tools to the maintenance room, we should be done for the day,” Lexi said.
“So far, this has not been too bad. It’s not a perfect job, but I prefer it to the assignments in Detlan,” Zammi said.
“I can agree with that,” Belk said.
“If everything is packed, we can have the carts follow us to the elevator and then to the maintenance room now,” Lexi said as she started moving down the hall.
The others followed. They did not have far to go, since the last assignment was near the elevator. They then took the elevator to the lower floor.
Stewart was waiting for them just outside of the door to the room.
“Was the team’s first day on the job satisfactory?” Stewart asked.
“It wasn’t too bad for this type of cleaning job. We did have some unpleasant tasks while in the Detlan facility,” Brent said.
“I do prefer the Alpena facility to Detlan. Though I was sent here due to a project failure, it did not turn out to be the demotion I think management was hoping for,” Stewart said.
“You worked for CARA in Detlan?” Zammi asked.
“Oh yes, I worked as a department leader for 16 years before the Jenson project failed and they sent me to Alpena,” Stewart said.
“Well, we are glad you like it here and so far, I think all of us do too,” Tenna said as the others nodded.
“I am glad to hear that, Tenna. The team’s shuttle is waiting at the back entrance to return to the apartment complex. Do you need my assistance to find your way to this entrance? Stewart asked.
“We will find it, Stewart. Thank you for your help and we will see you tomorrow,” Lexi said.
“Very well, have a pleasant evening,” Stewart said.
“Take care,” Brent said before the team started down the hallway toward the rear entrance.
Soon, the team was in the shuttle heading back to their apartments. As they look out the window, they pass a park with many trees, open areas, and people relaxing and playing.
“This town has a different feel to it. Both the town and the people in it,” Brent said.
“I’m trying to think of where Detlan would be better than this,” Zammi said.
“I guess I’m not even thinking about it anymore,” Brent said.
“Time for us to move on,” Belk said.
The others nodded their heads. 
“I’m ready to give Alpena a chance,” Tenna said.
“All of us have a chance here. I could use this change,” Lexi said.
They all nodded once again as the shuttle pulled up to the apartment building entrance. As they exited the shuttle, Zammi grabbed Brent’s arm to get his attention.
“Hey, did you want to head to the beach?” Zammi asked him.
“That would be great. The sun is still bright and it’s warm out. Should we change first?” Brent replied.
“Yeah, we should be able to go into the water, too,” Zammi said.
“How about we meet back in the lobby in about 10 minutes?” Brent said.
“Okay, I’ll find you, here, dear,” Zammi said with a smile before turning to head to the elevator.
As Tenna passed Brent, she gave him a knowing smile, then turned back to Belk who was walking with her. As Brent made his way to the elevator, he noticed that Lexi and Darren were walking together behind him.

Brent was able to find a swimsuit to change into back in his room. After gathering up a towel and a few other items, he headed back down to the lobby. When the elevator doors opened, and he walked into the lobby, he could not see Zammi. As he slowly walked toward a couch, he could hear a tone from another elevator. When he turned to look toward it, he could see a smiling Zammi stepping off of it.
“Wow, you look great, Zammi!” Brent said as she approached him wearing a bright green one-piece suit with a pair of shorts and carrying a bag with a towel and other things.
“Why thank you, dear!” she said as she came up to his side.
“Are you ready?” he asked.
“Let’s go before we lose the sun,” She replied.
“Please lead the way!” he said as he offered his hand and smiled.
She took hold of his hand and smiled before turning toward the lobby exit. Soon they were out into the bright later afternoon sun. 
“We should head to the right if I can remember correctly,” Brent said.
“Yep, I didn’t forget how to get there,” she said.
“Okay, I will follow you,” he said.
They continued to walk down the street toward the park with the beach. An older couple walking hand in hand approached them on the sidewalk. They both smiled at Brent and Zammi as they walked by.
After they had passed, Brent said, “I sure do see many more smiles here than in Detlan.”
“And more couples. They seemed to have been together for a long time,” Zammi said.
“You’re right about that,” Brent said.
Zammi smirked at Brent, but he was not sure why at first.
“Obviously, I missed something there,” Brent said.
“Let’s just go relax on the beach,” she said with a smile this time.
“Okay, I may just need some more time on this,” he said.
Zammi just smiled and started to lightly swing their hands back and forth. Soon they entered the park and could see the beach. 
“It doesn’t look too crowded at least,” Brent said.
“I think there are some open chairs over there if you want to use them,” Zammi suggested.
“They do look comfortable. Let’s grab two of them,” he said as they approached the lounge chairs on the sand.
They put their bags down and rummaged through them to find towels. After spreading the towels onto the chairs, they laid down upon them. Once reclined, they reached out to hold each other's hand once again. Both of them closed their eyes for about a minute.
Finally, Brent said, “do you think we could be like that couple we passed on the way here?”
“You did understand, and yes, I do believe we can be like them. What about you?” Zammi said.
“Yeah, it just took a while for it to sink in, I guess. Yes, I can definitely see us being together. Especially here,” Brent said.
“We have a future because we are here,” Zammi said.
“Yes, we do,” he said.
They continued to hold hands as they gazed out toward the lake and watched the waves lightly crashing against the shore.
Brent took a deep breath and said, “in Detlan, the only way to experience something like this was a VR session. Now, this is real and we are living it.”
Zammi got up from the chair and said, “stand up, dear.”
Brent was puzzled for a moment, then said, “okay.”
As he stood up, she held out her arms and said, “kiss me.”
He embraced her, closed his eyes, then slowly planted a kiss on her lips. The kiss became more intense as both tightened their grip. The kiss lasted for at least a minute before they slowly parted their lips. They both opened their eyes and smiled.
“I love you,” Brent said.
“And I love you, too,” Zammi said.
 

 
 
 
###



About the Author
John T. Gaffield is an automotive engineer from Southeast Michigan. John used his engineering background to create realistic ghost stories with an interest in haunted houses. He published his first novel "Heir to Winston Manor," in October 2010. Subsequent novels include "The Wahl House Curse," and "Alone Again."

John has published three Science Fiction novels, the first of which involves Augmented Reality (AR), Virtual Reality (VR), and Artificial Intelligence (AI). "Valerye". He also published a novel about an AI unit in the Science Fiction story, "Synthia." The latest novel is a dystopian story called “Leaving Detlan.”

John has several short ghost stories available. Some of which are free. They include, "The Ghost of Birch River Cabin," "Winter Visitor," "Slow Down," "Denning Swamp - A Short Ghost Story," "The Haunting of the Charles F. Campton," "Disconnect," and "In Remembrance."

John is continuing to work on new novels and short stories. So, stay tuned!

eBook Titles by John T. Gaffield:

NOVELS
(Science Fiction)
Valerye

Synthia

Leaving Detlan


(Ghost Stories)
Heir to Winston Manor

The Wahl House Curse

Alone Again


SHORT GHOST STORIES
Slow Down

The Ghost of Birch River Cabin

Winter Visitor

Denning Swamp

The Haunting of the Charles F. Campton

Disconnect

In Remembrance

Connect with the author online:

http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/4548666.John_Gaffield

 
 

