Life in Uzan
Tom the Berserker series
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Thurin Keno

In my drunken mood I felt myself falling asleep falling unconscious. I felt myself transported in time as if my body was light and I was covered in something like cloth. I felt myself lighter and lighter until I saw the light shining of a sunrise. I saw it became light then I woke up in a bed in a wooden room. It was wood all around. There was a square window with the sun shining through it illuminating the room. The bed was a wooden slab. 
 Oh I should introduce myself. My name is Thurin Keno. I am from the Moor border of Uzan continent. How I got here to this room I have no idea except I think I time traveled. I am a time traveler. I traveled to some place back in time and forward in time. Ah How I got drunk is I drank myself drinking berry juice all because I was upset with my life. Oh where do I start? I should start at the beginning. Just to get everything out of the way. I'm writing this as I think of the events of what happened. 
I was the seventh and last child born of Kendar and Annisha on the Moor border of Uzan. I have sun golden hair and sky blue eyes with pointy ears. I’m part of a species called Keo.  I'm quite tall for my age of second decade.  I grew up on a farm with animals. There were Drudnose four legged creatures. You simply ride them. Their backs were low sculpted in a semicircle. Their noses were long as my arm.  They had hair that parted to the side on their arched necks. Every time I road one I would bounce up and down. The farm was mostly breeding Drudnoses. They were as I learned very popular on the Uzan continent among the Keo. They were used for all kinds of things such as eating, transportation, and using their thick wooly fur for clothing. Their bone was made into armor and for weapons such swords and shields. I grew up learning to ride them on the farm as soon as that Meowler stops playing with my pen. Excuse me a moment. 

Oh where was I? I had to let the Meowler out. Their fur is used to make baby clothes. They make a sound like "meow". They do have claws that cause scratches. I've gotten scratched from Timmy my sunset colored Meowler a few times as I grew up on the farm. They come in a variety of colors always involved with the sunset colors. They've blue, black, orange, red, pink, purple and perhaps green. I grew up learning the art of sword making. I would use a leg bone of a Drudnose and with a stone I would hack the bone until one end was sharp to poke a hole in a poor person, yet my parents considered me the baby of the family and wouldn’t let me fight in the games among the Keo. My childhood was filled as I stayed on the farm learning to raise Drudnoses. I would learn how to tame their young so they could be led by rope and be ridden. I also learned how to teach a Drudnose to get used to a sitter on their backs. I hardly saw my brothers and sisters. My parents told me that they were learning different trades.  As for my parents, they kept me on the farm wearing some electric device on my left ankle. It would give off a silent alarm whenever I passed beyond the yard limits of the device. Once I did that my parents would come running and grab me. They would give me such a spanking. 

One time as a child I wandered into the forest forgetting about the dangers. If the alarm went off my father never came to get me. I should have known that he did it on purpose because he saw something wrong with me. When I came to a clearing I stood admiring the forest. It had tall trees thicker than anything I ever seen. There were white leaves drooping from the tall trees that touched the floor.  Then in a blink of an eye it went from the sunrise of the new day to nighttime. I had no idea why except I must have time traveled. I discovered this fact till later. Then as I looked around in the darkness, the Queen’s guards grabbed me from behind. Lucky for me I was a child of seven that the guards hauled me to my parent’s farm. There was a curfew by the Queen that every Keo cannot walk around in the dark. I had no idea why the curfew was started and insisted by the Queen. It was when the guards would patrol to keep our borders safe. The farmhouse in its large triangle shape stood and in the porch stood my father with disappointment in his eyes. The guard hauled me to him. He grabbed my ear and yanked it. It hurt. 
He told me “Go inside now. I’ll deal with you later.” 
I obeyed but hid myself behind the curtain. I could barely hear the guards’ scolding father and demanding something like a signature on a piece of paper. Father groaned and signed the paper. Then I ran upstairs to the loft to my room. I sat on my bed. The front door slammed and father’s booming steps came walking up the stairs. I stood up as he entered my room. He stood there staring at me. 
“There’s something wrong with you” He said. 
I told him “I was standing in the clearing when day turned night in a blink of an eye.” 
He abruptly frowned and spoke repeating “There’s something wrong with you.” 
I was confused and stood wondering when he would get the point. Father ran a hand in his blonde hair. His blue eyes bore at me.
He glared and spoke, “I saw you go into the forest when you promised you wouldn’t. As for the blink of the eye thing, it must be your denials for playing in there too long. “
“But Father” I protested “It really happened.” 
Father stood staring at me. He spoke “You’re boarded for three days”
Then he left the room before I could protest. For anyone wishing to know that boarded means I have to stay in my room for three days and not come out unless for meal times and to the bathhouse times.

For Three days I stayed in my room reading my favorite books. They were mostly about the history of the Keo at the Moor border of Uzan a continent on the Pacifica Sea. Father would stop by with my meal of squares in a package. 
He told me “This is what you’re getting for three days. Use them up wisely. You should learn how to ration food.” 
The food was consisted of a bunch of squares. I did my best to ration them. By the end of my punishment there were three squares left. I also was not allowed to leave my room for the bathhouse. To handle my needs Father gave me an empty pail and two buckets of water, which he told me to ration. I wondered why Father was doing it. I had no idea nor would I know of that it had something to do with my future. I would learn about it later at my second decade.   

What I mostly remember of my childhood is one night at the eve of our Solstice longest night of the year festival I had a dream. I was ten years old. I dreamed about beings with tree trunk brown hair and round ears. Their eyes were brown too. I was standing on something that was a slippery land called ice. I stood there watching the beings go about their business. 
I could only hear these words, “We are the Moorra.” 
Over and over again as I stood watching them and I saw that there were round dwellings I knew from school were called huts. They had furry skin over them. There were flaps which the Moorra I decided to call them that would open to go in the hut. There were fires with stones around them. They were cooking meat. They were wearing brown clothes that were raggedy and not put together well. Strings somehow tied the clothes together. I saw two sets of Moorra. One set had long hair and was wearing skirts over their pants and boots. The other set had short hair and was wearing pants. Their tops were all identical. I looked around and I could see beasts such as Drudnose tied to sticks. They were munching away in bowls. I tried to look closer but then the dream went away and I woke up. I wrote the dream down in my journal. It was a requirement among our species to write dreams down. I also noted the date. For every year at the eve of the Solstice festival until I actually met the Moorra I would have this same dream. The words in it were always the same. Yet it resolved for me to learn about them. I also paid attention to the area they were in and did some research on it.
 
The winter solstice festival was about the longest night of the Keo year. It was the only night that the Keo were allowed to be out at night.  I’ve never been to one at the palace but father when I was five years old would dress up in a costume of the sun and leave the house. Mother stayed behind until I was six was when she left for the last time. I never saw her again. I have no idea on what happened to her. 
I remember asking Father about her, but he always tell me the same confusing answer is that “She has disappeared.” 
I learned that it meant death from being in school. As for the Solstice, each year till I left the house for the last time father would lock me in my room. He refused to let me celebrate because it was promises to mother that I wouldn’t be out at that time he claims. I think he was lying and I still think he was lying. I would look outside the window to see the colorful lights of the festival in the sky. It sometimes made me depressed but I learned to cope. 

One Solstice night at age sixteen I snuck out my window after father left the house to join the festival. I climbed out the window onto the roof and sat watching the sky. Father came home abruptly and wasn’t pleased to see me on the roof. This time I disobeyed and refused to get down from the roof. I sat there watching the sky and snoozed on there till morning.
 
In the morning I tried to climb in but father left a note on the window that said “You’re boarded for three days in your room and I locked the window.” 
For three days I stayed in my room with lesser amounts of food and water as before when I was boarded at seven years old.  

When I was in my second decade, father told me to come outside one day. I saw the Queen’s carriage and was confused. The guards held up a slip of paper I recalled my father signed when I was seven years old which was what they were holding. The guards came and hauled me into the carriage. I sat staring at our Queen not meeting her eyes, as protocol requires. Some anger was emanating from her.
She spoke “You knew the curfew at seven years old and disobeyed your father. The paper your father signed was his permission to sign you over to me. I’m committing you to the asylum where you’ll stay for that disobeying.”
 I stared at her and frown with confusion on my face. It was a shock. I thought she was wrong to commit me to the asylum and was secretly enraged that my father couldn’t stand up for me and refused to sign the paper.
The Queen spoke again annoying me “Don’t even think of escaping, my guards will kill you.” 
I didn’t care anymore. I was angry that my father didn’t defend me. It seemed that he saw something wrong with me and didn’t want me anymore. I sat seething then I waited my chance to escape. I leaned back sitting there pretending to sleep while gathering my thoughts. When I was two years younger I did some research on the mysterious Moorra. I found in our historians that there was an icy world at the North of the continent called Tundra. It was a month’s ride by Drudnose to get there on the Uzan continent. No Keo went there or lived there. I learned much about the area I could. I had a feeling that it was where the Moorra was. I knew I had to find them even it meant escaping from the Queen. I didn’t want to do it but I knew of a way to escape them. The Queen’s carriage crosses a bridge over a river gorge. My father taught me how to land in the water safely from high distances. I also learned how to jump from the top of the barn to the hay on the floor below.  Father taught me how to fight in combat using any kind of object as a weapon. Even an empty bucket can be used as a weapon too. 

So I sat binding my time. I listened with my ears as the carriage started crossing the bridge. I awoke and grabbed for the door. The Queen ignored me as I was out of the door and running across the bridge. The guards in their Drudnose armor gave chase. I jumped off the bridge into the gorge below twisting and turning my body in acrobatic moves. I managed to land safely into the water below. It didn’t accord to me that the Queen let me escape because she said something while I was pretending to sleep which I didn’t get till later. 
I remembered she said “Good luck with finding the Moorra.”
It was shocking that she said that. How did she know of the Moorra? Unless she got it from reading my journals which my father would turn over whenever I wasn’t in the house. One day I hid myself in a tree at age eleven and was watching the house. The Queen’s guard one of them came riding up. I saw Father hand him my journal that I just finished to the guard. The Guard rode off.
The next day I couldn’t find the journal and confronted my father by saying “You gave my journal to the Queen’s guard.”
His response was “It wasn’t your journal but mine.” 
Somehow I wasn’t convinced because my journals always turn out missing.  As for the water, it was cold and the river carried me towards a big lake to a shipping port. I knew it was a shipping port because of the ships that landed on the ground and shoot up towards the sky. I knew that they were going to the other continent on the Atalanta Sea. I learned from father that it’d take three days before word from Alentown to reach the shipping port of Atalanta where I came from about my escape. I went to a bar and drank some berry juice still angry with my father. I shouldn’t have done that but I drank three drinks to be drunk which I passed out and woke up in the wooden room. I pulled out my journal, which amazingly survived my fall into the river. I started writing. How I got in this room was beyond me. The door opened and a female Keo dressed in a shirt blue skirt showing leg and a blue strap top showing cleavage came in carrying a tray. I stood up staring at her. 
She spoke “Greetings, you must have a problem because you were nearly drinking yourself drunk. I brought food for you. I also gave you a shot to combat the hangover.” 
She set the tray on the desk. I could smell boxes of flavored food. I wondered what else we Keo could eat besides flavored boxes. It seemed boring to me. I munched on them as I listened to her leaving. Then she locked the door with her keys.
 I heard her say, “The Queen sends her regards Thurin Keno.” 
I got up food unfinished and paced the room. I knew I couldn’t stay here or be sent to the asylum. I had no idea of how long I was out. The Meowler I let out of the room was back in the room scratching the door wanting to be let out. I blinked my eyes and then found myself sitting at the desk as the female Keo came in the room.
I stared at her as she spoke “Greetings, you must have a problem because you nearly drinking yourself drunk. I brought food for you. I also gave you a shot to combat the hangover.” 
At the moment I was confused and wondered what was happening to me. 

I noticed the clock on the wall and it dawned on me that somehow I time traveled. It also explained several incidents that happened when I was younger. One incident I was twelve years old combating with my father with Bo sticks on a log above a small river. My foot slipped and I fell headfirst into the river knocking my head onto a rock. Then I found myself back on the log with my father sparring with him. I remembered the foot move that caused my fall and avoided it. I tried to tell father about it but he wouldn’t hear it. 
He told me “It’s just an excuse that I beat you in sparring today.”  
The second incident I remember as a thirteen year old I was training a Drudnose to get used to having a rider when I was thrown off head first because I didn’t have my hand on the reins securely. Then suddenly I was back on the Drudnose with my hands securely tied to the reins as the Drudnose reared. I noticed that for once a year on different days there would be time travel incidents involving me nearly dying several times and getting trapped too. I found that the time travel didn’t always helped me like one incident at fourteen when I slipped on a rock sparring with my father and broke my arm. 
 I got up and as before and stood watching her put the tray on the desk. I put away my journal and put it in my hidden pocket. She looked at me with malice in her eyes like she was angry with me. I had a feeling I was asleep for three days. How did the Queen let the people here know of me? I had no idea. I was confused but as she turned to leave I followed her and hit her hard on the head. She fell with a thud. The food I ate some blocks and put the rest in a hidden pocket.

I put the female Keo in her exotic clothes on the bed and used the bed sheets to tie her up and covered her mouth with a bed sheet. I hated having to do that but no choice on whoever knew of me. I looked out the window and could see the Queen’s carriage was there. I could hear heavy footfalls and a clanking noise of the guard’s armor coming up the stairs to the second floor. My species have exceptionally good hearing. The noise made it easier for me to open the window and climb onto the roof of the house. I walked on the top part of the triangle house. There’s no tip to the triangle but a four inches wide passageway. I walked on it to the other side and slid down the roof to the back of the house. Lucky the female Keo had a compass hidden on her so I used it to run towards Tundra. On my way as the sun was high in the sky, I saw a Drudnose tied to a tree. A guard was sitting there eating his food. Too late he saw me and grabbed his sword. I attacked him kicking with my legs. He clumsily swung the sword at me. I grabbed the sword with my hands and kicked him hard in the head. He fell to the ground as he gave a shout. I kicked him knocking him out. Then I salvaged whatever supplies I could get including stripping him of his uniform and armor, which was thick pants and a shirt with a Drudnose plate on it. I also put on the helmet of a Drudnose head on my head and I used it to disguise myself. I climbed a tree with him and tied him to a branch stuffing his mouth with leaves. Then I took the Drudnose and galloped away. I had no idea of what became of the poor guard. 

Thanks to father, I knew how to live off land and ration supplies. It took me nearly two months to reach the area called Tundra because of having to stop and hide in the forest due to searching Keo looking for me. They were at first come on Drudnose back but I evaded them by hiding myself in a tree and the Drudnose was left hidden in a bush. They were awful in their searches for me. The Queen’s guards would look around like they were scared and then gallop away. I guessed that the forest I was in was in legends belonged to some creature called Master. I never learned what creature it was but the Drudnose I rode on the way indicated that we were being followed. One day I backtracked and discovered the Queen’s guards knocked out with food bags hanging in trees. It helped keep my supplies plenty and fresh. I realized that the mysterious Master was also manipulating me. My keen hearing would hear branches cracking ahead and I would look to see a path as if some creature made it. It took me awhile but I learned that the Master wanted me to take the paths he or she made. Interesting another day the Keo used flyers machines that hover with their loud noises and blades. For some reason the trees above me would lock together as if the Master commanded them to hide me from the Keo. The Master was also helping me keep my food and water bags full. He or she would lead me to a bush full of fruit or a pond where I would drink and eat my fill.  

I discovered the mysterious Master was appearing to be some kind of blood drinker. I knew this fact for waking up during my sleep on the ground with the Drudnose tied to the tree in the morning feeling like I had blood loss by the dizziness. This happened repeatedly most mornings whenever I woke up. I wasn't pleased about that but figured out that the Master as referred him was leading me around in a circle just to feed off of me. I managed after three days of figuring out this circular bit rode the Drudnose towards Tundra ignoring the Master's attempts to lead me away. I forced myself towards Tundra to reach a field with coldness felt. I rode the Drudnose onto the field towards the mountains in the distance. The field seemed lengthy and took forever to cross. It seemed vast to me as I rode the Drudnose onto it. I had to stop multiple times in the evenings to start an eater for warmth onto the ground while trying to warm myself up. Sometimes the eater didn't last long enough to my standards. I didn't mind that. It sort of warmed me up enough to get me onto the Drudnose to continue on traveling through the vast field. The mountains' distance seemed too lengthy to reach. It annoyed me one sun of waking up feeling the Drudnose chewing with the grass near me. I found the Drudnose stayed near me and the eater's warmth instead of wandering elsewhere. I kept on riding the Drudnose while sometimes walking for exercise and keeping myself warm on the way towards the mountains while crossing this endless field in the cold. There were times I felt like giving up but I had images of the Moorra flashing in my mind that would get stronger and stronger while traveling in the endless field. I figured I was getting nearer and nearer the Moorra hence the images kept flashing in my mind. I kept on traveling with the images blinking in my mind I using them to guide me towards the Moorra. I was rewarded when one day I spotted smoke from an eater fire in the distance.
I heard within my mind as I eyed the smoke "We're the Moorra."
I figured that the smoke meant it belonged to the Moorra as they were referred. I used the smoke to guide me to them. I arrived near the smoke on the third sun to smell it within my nostrils to continue on riding closer and closer towards it. I wound up finding that the smoke was joined by multiple smokes of eaters I kept on smelling. I traveled closer enough to spot the Moorra as they were referred doing cooking and camping while clad in their gonoid skin clothes going around their business. End book.
Thura
The book was suddenly yanked away. Thura Vise a Human female of the species called Moorra looked up. She faced Geelley Vise her adoptive brother a member of the species called Keo stood facing her with his all blue colored Humanoid eyes, stringy short sun colored hair and pale tan skin. He stood in his brown wrap around boots, silver pants and a silver long sleeved top with a red fur vest over it. Thura stared at him and she pulled out a card with hand signs and lettered alphabet on the card under the hand signs. 
She finger spelled with her right hand “Why are you rude?” 
Geelley she saw scratched his pointed ears with his black gloves and exhaled air at the question. Thura was deaf to hearing sounds and had no ability to talk. She frowned with her lips a trait of her species as Geelley glared at her. 
He pointed to his lips and spoke showing fanged teeth, a way for her to understand his words reading his lips, “Thura, pay attention to where you are and quit reading that weird book.” 
Thura bent to pick up the book. She recalled was standing leaning against a tree reading when Geelley interrupted her yanking the book away. Her shoulder length brown hair fell in her Human blue eyes, on her smooth forehead as she pulled them behind her ear and stood facing Geelley. 
He pointed to a building in the distance and mouthed “Inside now.”
Thura sighed and wiped her freckled face. She was wearing black pants and a long sleeve black top with a thick cloth red belt at the waist. She bent to put the small red volume in her brown wrap around boots. She walked towards the building stopping to admire its triangle shape. It was a typical home of the Keo. Their homes were always in a triangle. It was consisted of stone bricks and a metal outlined it. The roof was made out of the Keos strongest metal. The house was white with a black roof.  She walked towards a metal door and slid it open. Geelley followed behind her. Inside was a large room with stairs to the second floor. The room had the comforts of home.  A kitchen unit in one corner and several large pillows of cream color were scattered around the fireplace in the middle of the room. There was a fire roaring away. The stairs to up to the second floor were in another corner in the square room. Thura sighed and went to the kitchen area to pull some food out of the refrigeration unit. It was a big white box stocked with packaged food. Thura looked at Geelley while feeling a vibration of foot stomp. 
She finger spelled “What do you want now?”
He once again pointed to his mouth, while ignoring the question “You’re lucky I stopped you from reading the book. You would have been out past curfew time and thrown in prison.” 
Thura remembered to herself that the Keo led by a Queen had a curfew for all to not be out at dark time. This happened at night time when her guards patrolled the areas she lived in. Thura shrugged and silently pulled food out of the package. She went to the boxy heating unit and plopped the food in there. It was a package that considered of colorful squares. She saw Geelley went to the fireplace and sat down. He sat up and closed his eyes. Thura was used to him doing that. It was she learned was a requirement among the Keo. She went to the window and closed the curtains. Then the heating unit flashed lights signaling the food ready. Thura pulled the food out and went to the table which she stopped to admire the table, which was seemly made out of wooden logs. Thura placed the food down and went to the refrigeration unit to get a cup filled with liquid which she took out.  She sat on the log bench and began to munch on her food while drinking from the cup of liquid.  The food was consisted of colorful squares that crunched under her teeth. She frowned as she ate. She thought about the book "Travels of Thurin Keno." The bookseller recommended it. It was seemly written by Thurin Keno, a Keo who she was told to be named after, was put away in an asylum years before she was born. There was no mention of him living or dying in the asylum. In the book Thurin mentioned first contact between the Keo and her species the Moorra. The Queen of the Keo, Alesia had him declared insane and put in an asylum. There were rumors that he escaped, that he died or that he was still in the asylum.  
Thura was interested in his book she was told by Geelley "The book is very popular among your species the Moorra. The Keos considered him an embarrassment but among your species he was considered a literacy genius." 

Thura remembered the day she got the book. She was walking in the walled city. There were Keo everywhere along with Moorra selling all sorts of items at the side of the road to the Queen’s palace. She was just walking up looking at stores when she noticed people staring at her. She looked confused when she felt a tap on her shoulder and turned around. The Queen’s guards stood and behind them the Queen’s caravan, which considered of four white Drudnose pulling the Queen in her carriage. The Drudnose stood with their rounded backs and long faces with four legs. The guard gestured for her to move aside. Thura sighed and walked toward the fruit stand. She remembered it was against the law to block the Queen’s caravan. She wondered what punishment she’ll receive from Geelley. She stood watching the Queen’s caravan pass her then she continued her walking looking around. Thura made sure to look behind her several times. One of the Moorra gestured to her. He was a brown hair bearded man in chains and dressed in fur rags with chains on his wrists. He stood with two other bearded men gesturing for her to come over to them. She frowned and looked around then walked toward them. A male Keo came walking from behind the men and stood in front of her. 
She pointed to his lips and gestured finger spelling “I’m deaf and I read lips.” 
The Keo mouthed “Dangerous Moorra. Stay away from them.” 
Thura waved at the chained Moorra and walked away. She saw a sign for books in one of the stores and went in. The bookseller was a Keo dressed in brown pants, and a multicolored top stood behind a counter reading a book. The sound of the door opened made him look at her. She frowned looking around. The Keo waved his hand and she looked at him. 
He pointed to his lips and spoke “The Queen made a special exemption for you because of your deafness. She says not to do this again and don’t walk in the middle of the road from now on.” 
Thura nodded and wandered around the aisles of the bookstore. There were books mostly about the Keo and literature by the Moorra. She frowned looking confused. The Keo behind the counter came with a book. He stamped his foot and she looked at him feeling the vibrations. 
He held up a red colored thick book and spoke “I recommend this book for you to read.” 
She looked at the title and nodded. Then she followed him towards the counter. She pulled out a small drawstring bag with coins in it from a hidden pocket in her cloth belt around her waist. 
He spoke “That’ll be five lei”
She pulled out five golden coins and handed it to the bookseller. Then she put the bag back in a hidden pocket in her belt waist on her clothes. She went to sit at a table and opened the book. The door to the bookstore opened and Geelley came in glaring and she saw the bookseller held his hands up. 
Thura lip reads him saying, “I had to give her the book. It was the Queen’s idea.” 
Geelley gestured for Thura to come and she followed him out of the bookstore to the walls of the city. They walked passing several triangle shaped houses till they reached their destination.  She watched a range of emotions pass on Geelley’s face like he was thinking some thoughts. They walked to the house where Geelley left her alone before he interrupted her. Thura sighed and frowned as she opened the book and continued to read as she ate.

A hand waved in front of Thura’s face. She looked up with irritation on her face. 
Geelley pointed to his mouth and spoke “It’s time for bed. Go”. 
Without a word, Thura closed the book and put away the empty dish with no food with the empty cup in the sink and walked up the stairs to the second floor. It was consisted of four rooms, two on one side and two on the other side facing each other.  Her room was the first one on the right coming up the stairs. She went in her room. It had a square shaped room with a window in a triangle and a bed in a rectangle. There was a bed under the window with a square Moorra made dresser besides it. An ancient doll lamp of a Moorra was sitting on the dresser. It was the only possessions she had in her room. Thura learned from Geelley that the triangle was a symbol for luck among the Keo. It was according to legend saved the life of a Queen. Thura sat on the bed and remembered Geelley telling her the story. 
He said, “It was years ago when you and I were children. The Queen received gifts given to her on her birthday and was given a large triangle pendant made out of the hardest metal we use to build our houses by an unknown Moorra. The story goes is that one day she went outside to enjoy the air walking alone in the gardens unaware that an assassin was in the bushes aiming to kill her. The assassin came covered up in a mourning shroud of white with a mask and attacked her with a knife. Every time he struck her chest with the weapon, the pendant was in the way blocking the knife. The Queen managed to scream alerting the guards who witness him plunging the knife which the pendant blocked the blade. The pendant saved her life and the assassin was subdued. He turned out to be her sister Aseria. The Queen had her committed to the asylum. Aseria was never heard again. Then news spread that the triangle pendant saved her life. It started the fad of triangles being good luck symbols something I truly cherish.” 
Thura shook her head of the memory. Sighing she lay down in the bed and went to sleep. 

Thura awoke in the night sweating and gasping. That nightmare was back. In it she was a child walking in a forest and hearing the sounds of the forest. The wind was blowing and there were birds chirping in the trees.  Then there was an ear shattering boom and clouds of smoke filled up the forest. She looked up through the haze to see a ball of fire leading up through the sky. The smoke made her cough. Thura fell to the ground with pain in her ears. She left something leaking from her ears. Her child like hand reached up and touched the leaking liquid and then she looked at her hand. It was she later learned to be blood. From that moment on Thura was deaf. She sensed Geelley enter the room, his footsteps bounding on the floor. He lifted her right arm rolling the sleeve and then there was a prick of pain. 
Thura mouthed the word, “Why?” 
She felt Geelley left the room. Then she felt herself getting sleepier and sleepier. Soon she fell in a dreamless sleep. 

When she woke up the sun was barely above the horizon shining in her room. Stretching she got up and did some limber exercises. Then she walked downstairs to outside to the bathhouse. The bathhouse was square with a triangle roof of black metal. She saw Geelley came out of the stone brick bathhouse his short stringy blonde hair wet. Thura wandered inside. On her left were three stalls with curtains around each of them for waste. On her right were three sinks and mirrors. In front of her was a hallway leading to the shower stalls and the changing rooms. She walked to the shower stalls. Three walled stalls with curtains stood in a row. Thura groaned. Taking a shower was one thing she hated. It brought the bad memories of the nightmare every time she showered. Geelley was strict on her showering. She tried to get away with washing her hair in the sink and bathing herself but Geelley seemed to know what she was doing no matter how she tried to hide it. Groaning Thura stripped and showered. 

Thura came out of the shower gasping. The memory of her becoming deaf was fresh in her mind. She dried herself with the towels on the walls in front of the shower stalls and put on her clothes. Thurin’s book was tucked safely in a boot. She walked out of the bathhouse. Geelley was no where to be seen. She pulled out the book. Remembering yesterday she went inside the house and chose a pillow. She sat down and began to read. 

Thura felt a tap on her left shoulder. Looking up she stared at Geelley with annoyance on her face. Geelley somehow would interrupt her when she was seemly focused on the book. She stared at Geelley. 
“It’s time to eat the first meal.” He said. 
Sighing Thura put the book in her boot. She got up and went to the refrigeration unit and pulled out some food. It was the same among the Keo which was multicolored blocks which had to be cooked for the flavors. 
She put the food in the oven unit and finger spelled to Geelley “Did you eat?” 
He spoke “I already ate.”
Then he went to the fireplace and sat down. She watched him close his eyes as if mediating. The oven light flashed signaling the food was ready. Thura pulled the food out and went to the table. Thura also went to fill up a cup of liquid from a bottle in the refrigeration unit. She sat down frowning. Images filled her mind. They were memories of a happier time. She was a child living on a Drudnose farm according to Geelley, living with her adoptive Keo parents, his parents. She did not recall having brothers and sisters but just her adoptive parents and Geelley. Her parents were of the Keo species as were Geelley. Frowning she wondered about her Moorra parents. It seemed that she was an orphan who grew up among the Keo. For as long as she remembered the nightmare she recalled lying in the forest weeping with blood leaking from her ears. She lay there and fell asleep. She awoke at nighttime with panic on her face. She couldn’t see anything in the dark and she lay cuddling herself. Then lights appeared followed by figures that shined their lights at her. She stood staring at them not hearing their words. According to Geelley, it was the Queen Alesia who found her. A woman she assumed came into the light dressed in dark clothing and long blonde hair kneeled and held out her hands. Her ears were pointed and her blue eyes were intense. Thura learned from Geelley that the Queen sent her adoptive parents, his parents, to rescue her. She walked into the woman’s arms and was carried as she fell asleep. When she awoke she was lying on a bed in a room that was tan all around. She did not hear sounds. Thura felt her ears and there was no blood leaking. She frowned and explored the room. It was square with a bed at one corner in a shape of a triangle. The window was too high for her to look through. She saw a small creature she later learned was a Meowler playing in the corner of the room. She went over to the Meowler and picked it up and cuddled it to her chest as the Meowler clung to her clothes with its claws. Thura felt the vibrations of the Meowler purring. Then a door to the room slid opened next to her. A female and a male Keo came in. They were wearing blue pants, long sleeve top and vest capes. She stood staring at them while holding the Meowler. The woman kneeled and pointed to her lips and mouthed some words. Thura didn’t understand her but some instinct told her that it was a way of communicating. 

Thura felt a tap on her right shoulder. She looked at Geelley. 
He pointed to his lips and spoke “Don’t dwell on the past. What’s done is done. Don’t worry we’ll find your Moorra parents.” 
Thura stared in space trying to form a picture of her parents but nothing came to mind. She shook her head. Geelley gestured to her to follow him. She put the book in her boot and followed him outside. The Queen’s caravan was there with the guards decked out. Thura looked questionably at Geelley. As an answer to her question one of the guards opened the door to the carriage and gestured for her to get in. Thura got in and sat staring at the Queen Alesia. She sat wearing shiny white pants, a long sleeve top, black wraparound boots and a red cape with fur trim. Her long blonde hair shone and there was a triangle pendant on her chest. 
Thura looked at her eyes and the Queen abruptly turned her head and then she pointed to her lips with her Moorra like hands and spoke “Thura, protocol requires you to not look at me in the eyes. Did Geelley teach you that?” 
Thura nodded and emanated a groan. Those were the only sounds she could make. No matter how hard she tried to talk no sound according to Geelley came out of her mouth. The Queen looked at her again. 
She spoke “I see your, reading 'Travels of Thurin Keno.' It was my idea that you should read it.” 
She arched her head sideways and the carriage started moving forward. Thura displayed panic on her face. She recalled lip reading the Keo in the marketplace that any one invited in the Queen’s carriage was sent to the asylum. 
She finger spelled “I’m being sent to the Asylum am I?”
The Queen waved her hand and pointed to her lips and said “Don’t worry, it’s not that. Continue reading your book. I’ve read it myself. I may not agree with the contents but it’s very well written.” 
Thura sighed as she pulled out her book and started reading.

Thura paused from reading to frown, the subject was about fighting. Geelley taught her how to fight hand to hand combat using objects as weapons including a branch from a tree. He also taught her acrobats. 

One time she had a questioning look on her face when she was practicing combat with Geelley, as if he knew her thoughts told her “It’s for you to defend self and learn how to get away in any situation.” 

Exhaling air Thura continued reading the book. 

The carriage abruptly stopped with a jerk. The book came out of Thura’s hands falling at the Queen’s feet. The Queen picked up the book and handed it to Thura. 
“Here we are something to show you.” She said as she gestured out of the carriage. 
Thura followed her out. They were on a large stone bridge over a gorge. Thura could see a river down below. She looked questionably at the Queen. 
The Queen spoke with Thura lip-reading “This is the area in the book where Thurin was said to have escaped. I admit that the Queen knew about the Moorra from legends of our arrival here on Uzan. The Queen had to let Thurin find them and contact them. I think she let him escape but I’m not so sure anymore.” 
Thura stared at the gorge. She wondered about Thurin Keno. She also wondered about her parents. 
As if reading her thoughts the Queen spoke “How you wound up in the forest as a child is still a mystery. I suspect many theories are, your parents abandoned you but I don’t think so. I believe you were taken and left there.” 
She pause letting Thura take shock of the events. Thura frowned at what she just lip-read. She was confused and tried to remember how she got into the forest in the first place but no memory came. The Queen gestured for her to come in the carriage. Thura followed thinking. She was confused about how she wound up there. She thought about the smoke and the fireball rising in the sky. She wondered what it was. She looked at the Queen who was staring out the window lost in her thoughts. Thura opened the book and started reading.  

A hand waved in front of Thura’s face followed by a tap on the book she was reading. The carriage had stopped moving. 
Thura looked at the Queen who spoke “Follow me please.” 
Thura put the book in her boot and followed the Queen out of the carriage into a big metal building. 
She noticed the writing on it said “Asylum.” 
The Queen led her to and elevator with two of her guards. They went up several floors and reached a white hallway. It was white all around. A Keo dressed in guard uniform stood and bowed at the Queen. 
The Queen spoke “She’s only a visitor today to see patient 3A.” 
The Keo turned to the right and the group started walking till they reached a gray metal door marked 3A. A window was next to the door. 
The Queen looked at Thura and spoke pointing to her lips “Go look.”
Thura obeyed and looked. In it was a Keo dressed in white sitting there mediating. The Keo opened his eyes and stared at the window lost in thought. 
Thura thought “Thurin Keno.” 
Then she looked at the Queen who spoke “It’s Thurin Keno. You’re named after him because your adoptive parents were very fond of him.” 
Thurin Keno got up and walked towards the window and placed his hand moving on it as if he was scanning. Thura stood staring at him moving his hand. She was enthralled and felt sorry for him to want to free him. Then she felt the Queen pull her away. She shook her head as the Queen led her away from the window. 
She lip read the guard says “Such Language”. 
It confused her that she wondered if it was Thurin her namesake was yelling in his room. Thura allowed the Queen to lead her out of the hallway to the elevator. 
She looked questioningly with the Queen who only gave her a small smile and said “It’s alright. He’s dangerous.” 
Thura nodded and the Queen led her out to the carriage. Inside she pulled out the book but her mind was filled with strange images of two Moorra, a woman and a man. The female was carrying her through the forest in a rush. Branches fell in her face. She cried as they scratched her. The woman and man panted. They had looks of worry on their faces. Thura remembered hearing sounds of an alien language. Then the woman put her down in a hole and put branches over the hole. She heard they yell something in foreign language as cracking and roaring sounds came. She huddled in the small hole, hiding in fear. Then the branches were pulled up then she was grabbed and flung in the air. She could not see the faces of the creatures but she saw their hands which were clawed. They were yellow and bony with veins popping. Then another pair of clawed hands caught her and she was flung again. This process repeated and repeated until she was flung off a cliff wall and fell down landing on soft springy moss. Then she remembered walking around in the forest and entered the clearing which started her nightmare. Thura shivered at the memory for it bothered her quite a bit as she noticed the Queen giving her a narrowed eyed look. It made her confused as the Queen got her into the caravan's carriage then found her efforts to read her book halted by the ruler having her hands onto the top of her head. It was like the Queen was mind scanning her she confused to feel nothing to indicate it. Thura found the carriage seemed to go fast in a fast move as the Queen kept up her scans followed by stopping. 
Thura got from the Queen stopping her hands' touch onto her head "Just dismiss what you saw in your mind. It's just a mind trick of Thurin's."
She frowned but gave a head bob in agreement but felt not so sure of the Queen's words as she got out of the carriage and found it driven away in a fast speed move. 
Thura went to a tree to lean she spotted the sun was still high in the sky and figured to herself "I have time to read this book."

Thura wandered into the forest with panic on her face for she was lost. The sun was barely above the horizon. She frowned with worry on her face remembering the Queen’s curfew and having people thrown in the Asylum if they were out at night. Thura went further into the forest walking among tall towering giant trees. She recalled walking through the forest after an argument with Geelley which he had stormed into the house. Thura decided to walk into the forests and cool off the hot angry feeling. This resulted of her getting lost. Thura sighed to herself, for she had forgotten the argument and its reasons with Geelley. Groaning she saw part of a rocky hill cliff towering in front of her and walked towards it thinking of what Geelley told her about caves for shelter. Thura walked feeling the rocky wall till she felt cloth like material on the wall which looked like the rocky wall. Thura pulled it aside to face a long brown haired Moorra male wearing fur like clothing with an object in his hands facing her. 
She pulled out her card with signs from the pocket of her waist belt and held up the card with signs on it towards the Moorra male and finger spelled “I’m called Thura and I’m deaf for I lip read.” 
She lip read the Moorra male gesture with his head behind him “It’s alright, just a deaf Human female.” 
Thura stood staring at the male with confusion to the word Human, who gestured with a hand for her to come in. She followed the male further inside the cave where two Moorra males stood facing her with frowning looks on their faces. The male led towards steps that went down which she walked down following till they reached a door. The Moorra male knocked on the door and it opened revealing a large cavernous room with other Moorra people gathered around a series of wooden logs some sitting and others standing. The room was lit by glow balls stuck in the rocky walls around the room. Some were sitting at the logs eating from bowls with their hands. The male Thura followed walked up to another male with long blonde hair, a beard and a mustache who stood with arms folded. 
She lip read the brown haired male speak “This female is deaf.” 
Thura felt a hand on her shoulder and looked to see a female Moorra with long brown hair that gestured her to follow. Thura obeyed following them towards a log and then she sat down watching them. The Moorra she saw were all dressed in fur like clothing that were put together raggedly. Thura yawned stretching her arms and felt a tap on her shoulder as another female making gestures with her hands pulled her up towards another part of the cave. Thura left herself being pulled towards the cave where there were large numbers blankets and pillows lying there. The female pointed to Thura with a finger and made a gesture. Thura nodded her head and went pick a pillow and a blanket. She laid down falling asleep tiredly. 

Thura woke up gasping as the nightmare played in her mind. She saw a female Moorra sitting next to her facing her with a concerned look on her face. The Moorra female rubbed Thura’s forehead and Thura closed her eyes falling asleep. She woke up to feel someone shaking her and looked to see a Moorra male who pulled her up. She stood up and was led towards a log where she sat next to a female who handed her a bowl filled with food. Thura being hungry ate the food till there was nothing left and handed to bowl towards a standing female who took it. Thura stared at the standing long brown haired female who made a gesture with her hand and pointed to an empty bowl in her other hands. The Moorra repeated the gesture again. Thura stared at the Moorra with confusion. She stared with confusion on her face and with a shrug pulled out the book she was reading from her boot. She saw out of the corners of her eyes concerned looks on the faces of the Moorra in the cave area. They seemed confused and upset. 
She frowned as she stared at the book then she looked up to watch the female she lip read said “She’s seemingly obsessed with this book she’s reading.” 
Thura glared at the Moorra female who signed some hand signals with her hands and then stared with a frown as the Moorra female walked away from the log throwing up her hands. Then she saw the Moorra were turning towards the entrance of the cave looking at something. Thura looked to see a Keo by the clothes, with a hood covering his face escorted by two Moorra males came into the cave from the doorway. She stood up with a frown as one of the Moorra held up the Keo’s arm showing his bare hand which was a claw that had veins and bones prodding out of it. Thura stared with shock as she remembered her nightmarish dream of the clawed hand. She and the Moorra around her fell towards the ground grabbing their heads as a memory came to her mind. She remembered being in the cave hole as the branches was thrust apart as a young girl. A Keo with black beady eyes and the similar clawed hands grabbed her. The Keo proceeded to toss her to another Keo who did the same to the other Keos. She looked to see her parents as she was tossed were lying on the ground with blood leaking from large open holes in their throats. One of the Keo was tearing at their skin around their open throat wounds and eating it. Thura remembered being thrown off a cliff wall and landed on soft springy thick moss like plant. She wound up walking in the forests till the nightmare of her becoming deaf happened. Thura felt her pain go away and got up to see facing her was a taller than her, a Moorra with short black colored hair, a male with golden colored Moorra like glowing eyes staring at her. He was dressed in blue clothing which she could see was an oxygen mask covering part of his face with tubes attached to his arms. The male stared at her with a blank expression on his face with the oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose. Thura saw Keos came walking in the entrance to the cave with beady black eyes and the familiar clawed hands waving devices in their hands. 
She saw the Keo with the hood take it off and she lip read him say with his fanged teeth “Thura, are you okay?”
Thura folded her arms and glared at the Keo, Geelley she recognized, with a nasty look. 
Geelley, she saw with disgust, took a step forward staring at her with the black eyes while speaking “Thura, what’s going on?”
Thura sensed the Moorra male behind her put his hands on her shoulders, she confused to feelings hitting her like a jolt of pleasure from his touch. She stood staring at Geelley with a glare as he took a step forward and touched her shoulder with a clawed hand. Thura abruptly yanked the hand off a she was led out of the cave to see the other Keos there. She saw the Queen standing there with the similar black beady eyes on her face. The Queen’s mouth formed an O gesture showing fanged teeth as she saw Thura. 
She lip read the Queen speaking “She remembers what happened to her parents.” 
Thura gave the Queen a nasty look and folded her arms as the male Moorra hauled her through the forests towards two flying machines that were sitting on the meadow. She sensed a hand grabbed her left arm and irately looked at Geelley. 
“I’m sorry” he said. 
Thura shook the hand off her arm stomped towards a flying machine with the Moorra male guiding her. Once inside the machine the male sat holding her in his lap with a tight grip she again feeling jolts of pleasure hitting her. Geelley, she saw, followed with a frown on his face. Geelley, she saw, sat opposite across from her staring at her. She leaned her head against the Moorra male in his arms who seemed to like her touching him by the deep breathing and shaking he was indicating. The flying machine hovered over the area flying up into the sky then flew over the forests of trees. 

The sun was rising over the sky higher as the machine reached a triangle house and landed on the ground with a thump. Geelley gestured Thura and the Moorra male out. Outside the flying machine Thura recognizing the house stomped towards the entrance and went inside with the two males following her. She stewed as she went to the stairs and was grabbed by Geelley who hauled her kicking towards the kitchen area. 
Geelley to her annoyance, forced her to sit on the bench and grabbed her hands holding them in a tight grip and pointed to his lips speaking “We made a mistake. Please accept this.” 
Thura’s response was to spit at him as Geelley shook his head. She glared at Geelley who looked towards the front door of the house as the Queen came in the house escorted by her guards. The Queen gestured towards Geelley with a hand, which let go of Thura and bowed a bit towards the royal monarch. 
Thura lip read the Queen speaking to Geelley “She’s angry.” 
Then the Queen added looking at her “You’ll accept us or I’ll have you committed to the asylum.” 
The Queen continued while looking at Thura “Stand Tom down and have him watch her.” 
Geelley, she glared at, nodded and took the oxygen mask off of the Moorra male who Thura assumed was Tom by taking the mask to settle on his chest. The Moorra male whose golden eyes Thura saw, turned Moorra black colored and he shook his head. Tom she saw rubbed a hand on his face shaking his head with confusion then he stared at her with a stiff look on his face. Geelley, she saw, pulled a cylinder object out of his pocket and uncapped part of it which Thura recognized the cylinder to be a needle. White liquid sloshed in the needle. Thura watched as Geelley took one of Tom’s arms and pulled his sleeve up. Thura saw at the elbow was a cylinder object attached to the left arm. Geelley put the needle into the cylinder on Tom’s arm. She saw as the white liquid went down emptying in the cylinder into the arm. Thura stared with a frown as Tom’s lips formed a small smile on his face as he relaxed. 
Thura frowned as she sat folding her arms with a glaring accusing stare at the Queen who again spoke “Tom has taken an interest in her. Watch them, Geelley.” 
Tom walked towards her and held out a hand she sighed softly to see. 
“I know how you feel” she lip read him saying “I lost my parents the same way.” 
Thura groaned and took his hand as he led her up the stairs towards her room. Abruptly once in her room Tom pulled her in a hug. Thura sighed feeling Tom’s arms wrapped around her, she again feeling jolts of pleasure from his arms wrapped around her. She plopped her hand over his beating heart on the left side of his chest next to the oxygen mask. She felt him shudder as she leaned herself against Tom. It was still daylight outside and the sun was shining in the window. 
Then Tom stiffened as she looked to see a clawed hand on his shoulder belonging to Geelley who she lips read speaking “Tom, you need your rest. I expect to find you in the bed, resting and that’s an order.” 
Geelley left the room closing the door. Thura helped Tom towards the bed. He lied down on it as Thura pulled out her book with the hand sign card in it. With a sigh she sensed Tom pulled her towards him while gesturing with his hands. 
She lip read him speaking “Thura please.”
Thura obeyed and laid her head on Tom’s shoulder as he wrapped his tubes attached arms to his oxygen mask on his chest, around her. She raised her head and looked at Tom who was staring at her with his black eyes. He was playing with her shoulder length brown hair stroking it despite she not annoyed by the play. Sighing, she frowned and went to look at the card that had hand signs with concentration, ignoring Tom's playing that kept on making her feel good. She felt Tom lean his head forward and put his lips on the side of her forehead kissing her which brought another feeling of pleasure hitting her. 
Frowning, Thura turned to look at Tom who mouthed “Can we touch mouth to mouth?”
With a sigh Thura nodded her head as Tom put a hand on her chin and pulled her face closer to his. She closed her eyes feeling him stroking her hair with his other hand as his lips touched hers. Thura felt something like a jolt as their lips touched. She sensed a hand digging in her shoulder and opened her eyes as she was pulled away from him. Thura looked to see Geelley in the room with a hand on her shoulder. His eyes were narrowed and he let go of her shoulder, to put his black gloved hand over his mouth as Thura groaned. She could see Geelley’s throat move as he talked to Tom and felt him tense up as he held her with his arms and hands while lying on the bed. 
She looked at Tom whose eyes narrowed in anger still holding her closer to him while speaking “You can’t stop me.”
Thura looked at Geelley who continued speaking to Tom with his hand covering his mouth preventing her from lip reading him, not hearing the words he said due to her deafness. 
She lip read Tom snarl with anger on his face “I like to see you try!” 
Geelley, Thura noticed continued talking which Tom glared at him and then spoke “Go jump in a lake, Geelley.”
Thura frowned at the insult with confusion on her face. 
Geelley pulled his hand away and pointed to his lips speaking “Thura, come with me now!” 
Thura sighed and felt Tom let go of her as she got up from the bed and went towards Geelley who grabbed her right arm in a tight grip with his hand. He pulled her out of the room slamming the door with a glare on his face seen by her. Thura stared at Geelley as he took her down stairs and out of the house. She pulled at his hand but Geelley kept an ironclad grip on her arm. Thura kept her eyes on Geelley as he hauled her down the dirt road, pass several triangle shaped houses towards the city fortress. Reaching the city she looked around to see others, Keos, looking in their direction as the two passed them and saw one shake his head with a frown on his face. Thura saw Moorra looking at them with a range of emotions on their faces as Geelley hauled her towards the bookstore. The bookseller, a Keo, stood inside with his arms folded watching Geelley haul in Thura. 
Geelley let go of her arm and pointed to his lips ordering “Thura, sit!”
Thura folded her arms and glared at him refusing the order. 
Geelley again pointed to his lips and spoke “Do it, Thura, for Tom.”
Thura groaned and went to a wooden chair next to a table and sat still glaring at Geelley. She watched as Geelley gave the bookseller a look and he nodded his head. The bookseller, she saw as he went to a ladder and climbed it till he reached a shelf and pulled out four thick cloth covered books which he tossed to Geelley. Thura frowned seeing Geelley catch the books and carry them till he placed them in front of her on the table.
She looked at her card and finger spelled with her right hand “What is going on?” 
Geelley in response pointed to his lips and said “You will sit and read those books and you’re not leaving till you read all four of them thoroughly.”
He folded his arms and stared at Thura who stared with confusion on her face. Frowning Thura pulled one of the books towards her and opened it, reading the contents.

Thura stifled the urge to yawn while reading the fourth book. The subject of the book was a long speech by a Keo Queen named Alana on rules of cohabitation between her species, the Moorra and the Keo which was boring her. Thura gave a sigh and continued reading the fourth book. She looked up to look at the other books. The first book she read, she discovered was on the history of the Keos’ life living here, a place named Uzan. The second book was about the Keo and Moorra working with them in peaceful cohabitation. The third book she confusingly wondered was about an alien race of war called Human and their history of civil war on Uzan while being primitive with technology. Thura frowned as she continued reading the fourth book and with a sigh reached the last page, closing the book. Thura looked at Geelley who was sitting leaning in a chair watching her with his eyes narrowed and his arms were folded. 
She finger spelled “What is going on?”
Geelley, she saw, didn’t answer but sat staring at her with his eyes narrowed and looked cocking his head towards the door. She looked to see Tom came walking inside, yanking his mask back on his chest. His eyes went from golden color to showing anger on his face as the door slammed behind him. The bookseller, she saw went from behind his desk to stand at Tom’s side with his arms folded while staring at him. 
Tom pointed a finger at Geelley and her lip read him speaks “I will have her with or without your rules.” 
Thura stared with confusion on her face as Geelley got up to face Tom who put a hand on the mask on his chest gripping it. Geelley stood with arms folded and then covered his mouth with a gloved hand blocking Thura from lip reading him. 
Thura groaned seeing Geelley’s throat move as he talked then she looked at Tom who snarled “So what! I still want her!” 
Thura stood up from the chair, pushing it down on the ground and angrily stomped her foot.
The males looked at her, at the noise commotion, as she finger spelled “What is going on?”
She saw Tom speak to Geelley lip reading him say “Either you tell her or I will.”
Geelley, she noticed looked at the bookseller who spoke with her lip reading “The Queen, I hear insisted that she be told.” 
She saw Geelley lowered his hand and looked at her with a cocked head. 
Thura stared at Geelley who pointed to his lips and spoke “There are rules on breeding children among the Moorra. It’s for controlling the Moorra population which is enforced. This is something Tom wants with you.”
He paused as Thura looked with a narrowed eyed look at Tom who folded his arms with a glare at Geelley. 
Thura looked at Geelley again who spoke with her lip reading “The rules have requirements on who can breed children. Your deafness keeps you from matching the requirements despite Tom’s insisting that you weren’t born deaf.” 
She turned her head to look at Tom who angrily spoke with her lip reading him “Tell her about how you’re responsible for her becoming deaf or I will.” 
She looked at Geelley with a confused expression on her face, seeing his lips turned into a frown line and he put his hand over his mouth. 
She saw Geelley talking by the movements of his throat and again looked at Tom who snarled pointing a finger at him “I saw the ball of fire in her mind which I know is one of your flying machines which are clearly seen in your minds too. Don’t hide this from her.”
Thura frowned at the words and then saw one of his hands went to the mask on his chest and his eyes narrow as Geelley talked to him. Thura saw the door behind Tom open and saw him turned to his side to look at the Queen who came in the bookstore with his hand still on his mask. 
The Queen stood with her arms folded staring at Tom as Thura side lip read him speaking “Your machine made her deaf. Stop hiding this from her.” 
The Queen cocked her head and Thura groaned feeling a headache come on as she felt herself getting woozy and shook her head trying to clear the effects of the dizziness as she put her hands on her head. She dimly saw Tom through the haze move his mouth and point a finger at the Queen then he walked away and felt the vibration as the door to the bookstore slammed shut behind him. Thura shook her head and felt the dizziness leave her and sensed Geelley put a hand on her shoulder steadying her. She frowned looking at Geelley who cocked his head staring at the Queen. The Queen nodded her head and Geelley once again gripped her right arm hauling her out of the bookstore. Outside Geelley fast walked her out of the city towards the house, as the sun was lowering down the horizon. At the house, he took Thura inside towards the kitchen unit and made her sit on the bench. She sat staring at Geelley as he pulled a package of foods from the refrigeration unit then put it in the oven unit and turned around to face her with his arms folded. 
Thura finger spelled “What did Tom mean by ‘Your machine made her deaf’?”
She saw Geelley exhale some air and he cocked his head sideways then he spoke “That is nothing, don’t worry about it.” 
Thura stared at Geelley who abruptly put a hand on his head closing his eyes as a pained look came to his face while shaking his head. Then she saw him opened his eyes staring at her which a frown line on his mouth and refolded his arms. The oven unit flashed lights blinking. 
Thura frowned as Geelley went and took the food out on a plate with liquid in a cup and placed it on the table in front of her while speaking “Thura, eat.”
Thura stared at the food and felt hunger, ate the colorful blocks and sipped the cup of liquid down. Once finished, Geelley took the plate with the cup and put it in a sink. She watched him turn on the water with a faucet washing the plate and cup then he dried them with a cloth and he put the items in the cupboard. She saw the cupboard door close fast as if he was slamming the cupboard door. She felt a bang like thump and saw Geelley look towards the front door. Thura looked to see Tom standing at the entrance of the house with anger still on his face. His eyes, she saw narrowed when he saw Geelley. With a nasty look on his face aimed at Geelley, Thura saw him stomp towards the stairs and walk up disappearing from her eyes sight. 
Frowning, Thura looked at Geelley who stood with his arms folded, and he spoke “Stay here, while I talk to Tom.” 
She watched him walk up the stairs and disappear from her position on the bench near the kitchen units. With a groan, Thura got up and walked towards the stairs and walked up them. She saw Geelley standing at an opened door to one of the bedrooms facing Tom who turned his head seeing her. 
She stared at Tom who said to Geelley “I don’t care about your rules for I will have her with or without your say and you can tell your Queen that.” 
Geelley looked at her and she saw Tom quickly close the door while feeling the vibration of it slamming closed. Geelley unfolded his arms watching her as she went to her room closing the door behind her. 

Thura woke up feeling someone shaking her. She opened her eyes of irritation to see Geelley standing next to her bed and the light was on. She stared at him with confusion as he grabbed her arm in an ironclad grip and pulled her from the bed. She stared at him as he took her out of the bedroom down the hallway towards the stairs. 
She finger spelled repeatedly asking “What’s going on?”
Thura stared at Geelley whose face was in a stiff look as he escorted her down the stairs and out of the house where the Queen’s carriage was sitting outside. The Queen, Thura saw was standing in front of her carriage as Geelley reached her. Thura stiffened as the Queen grabbed her with a hand and pressed a needle like syringe into her neck injecting the contents. Then the Queen removed the syringe letting go as Geelley let go of her. She shook her head of the sleepiness while placing a hand on her neck wobbling and fell towards the ground caught by Geelley. She closed her eyes surrendering to the sleepiness.

Thura shivered again hearing nothing due to her deafness. She came walking out of a tunnel and followed the source of light to enter a large stadium in her hand was the animal called Drudnose’s halter. She had grabbed the animal and restrained it as she entered the opening of a light source to reveal the stadium. She stared with shock to see that there were races of all kinds sitting around the stadium seats. One of them with a head of a feathered head of a gonoid bird and a Moorra muscular body with a staff in his right hand stood next to her. Thura clung to the Drudnose with fear as then another feathered head person grabbed the Drudnose and hauled it to the door gate at the other side of the stadium. Thura feeling nervous was grabbed by the feathered head and nearly dragged towards a dais where she saw people in white sitting in chairs. In front of them was a white winged humanoid with scaly skin and had similar eyes like Geelley and had black hair. The winged humanoid was waving a sword. Next to the winged humanoid was a female with purple skin one of the colors of the sun set and had white hair and white eyes. She was holding a long staff like sword. She saw the winged humanoid speak words that she didn’t understand. Then the people in chairs got up and walked towards an opening arch behind the gate disappearing in flashes of light. The feathered head warrior hauled her up the stairs of the dais towards the gate. Thura didn’t struggle but let confusion come on her face. Entering the gate she blinked her eyes to see that she was in a field at night time illuminated by torches on the trees surrounding it, where scaly creatures with long reed claws stood around her surrounding the area. She saw that they had red eyes and fanged teeth. The creatures stood and then abruptly walked away from her. They formed an aisle that Thura saw led to a dais where again people in white were coming out of an opening in the back of the thrones and were sitting in the chairs. She was hauled towards the dais and forced to stand there watching them sit. A figure came walking towards her out of the corner of her eyes. She looked to see that the figure with a Moorra like face, with Keo colored short hair and on his forehead was a circle of black jewels that surrounded a large jewel. Common sense told Thura that the jewels were eyes. Thura sensed a flash of light and saw another Humanoid with a gonoid head came out of a gated opening with a crown in his hand and was followed by a floating torch staff. She watched as the forehead eyes figure a male spoke words she didn’t understand. Then watched as the scaly long reed hand creatures stood aside as they revealed a stone slab featuring a male Moorra in white with fanged teeth seen. The animal head warrior holding the crown places it on the male’s head and the staff went to be gripped by the male’s right hand. The feathered head animal guards grabbed Thura as they hauled her towards the male who got up from the slab. His eyes were glazing red colored and she flinched feeling from a cut on her neck that bled. The crowned male rushed towards her putting a hand on her chest which made her eyesight turn fuzzy. Thura saw the male through her fuzzy eyesight put his mouth on her neck and there were two pricks of pain as she felt the Moorra sucking her from her neck. After sucking her neck the male licked her neck and then she saw his eyes were no longer glazing red as he grabbed the male with eyes on his forehead and then she fell unconscious. 

Thura came to find self lying on the dirt ground. One of the reed hand creatures was nudging her awake with a foot. Thura got up and stood as the reed hand creatures formed an aisle. She saw that the people in white were sitting in there chairs and the gated opening was behind her. She looked to see a flash of white from the opening as a figure came walking onto the field. Thura stared with shock as she recognized the figure to be Geelley who stood with black eyes and clawed hands dressed in his usual uniform. She saw him make several gestures with his hands and looked towards the people sitting on the dais. The winged scaly humanoid was moving his mouth as one of the people stood up and stared with arms folded. Thura felt the feathered head person push her towards Geelley and pointed towards him. 
She looked at Geelley with irritation as she lip read him say “What about Tom?” 
Thura exhaled a breath and walked towards Geelley with a frown on her face. She reached him and entered the opening gate. Blinking her eyes she saw herself in a grey room that was grey all around and standing watching her was the Keos’ Queen with her hands folded and her black eyes were narrowed. She sensed a flash of light as Geelley came into the room. He bowed towards the Queen who waved a hand. Thura felt Geelley grabbed her and pulled her towards a wall that slid open like a door. The wall revealed a white hallway with numbers on the doors and there were windows which she could see people in them as Geelley pushed her down the hallway. She saw him pressed a button on the console on a wall and once again a wall slid open revealing a small room which Geelley took her inside. Inside the wall slid closed and she felt a sensation of going up and realized that it was an elevator. Then the up feeling stopped as Geelley kept his grip on her shoulders. She frowned as he escorted her out of the elevator towards a hallway that led to the entrance of the Asylum. Geelley led her towards a wall next to the entrance and pressed his hand on the wall, which the wall slid open showing a chair where a female Keo stood waiting. Thura looked with confusion on her face as Geelley waved a hand and she looked at him with annoyance. 
He pointed to his lips and spoke “We have a problem we need your help solving.”
Geelley escorted her inside the room and the wall slid shut. Thura stared at the female who mouthed at her to sit. Thura groaned and sat in the chair as both Keos held up their hands. She frowned as they walked around her in a circle with stiff looks on their faces with both hands up facing her. Then they lowered their hands as the wall opened and the Queen came in the room. 
Thura lip read Geelley speaking “She doesn’t know what happened despite the scans of mind scanning her.” 
Thura stiffened to the talk of mind scanning of shock hitting her. It dawned to her what the Keo had kept secret from her and the Moorra was that they could mind scan Moorra. 
She found the Queen spoke ignoring her jumbled thoughts with her lip reading “I think she should be told.” 
Geelley, Thura saw, nodded and went to kneel in front of her who stared at him with a frown. 
He pointed to his lips and spoke with her lip reading “After you were taken away Tom attacked people causing some damage out of anger.” 
Thura stared with confusion on her face as Geelley continued “Appears Tom sees you as someone more than just for breeding despite us thinking he wanted that.”
The words dawned on Thura who again stared with shock on her face. 
Geelley added “Remember the grey room you entered through a gated opening? Tom managed to escape us to enter it and went through. He seems to be looking for you.”
Thura groaned as Geelley added “We need your help in finding him.” 
Thura’s face turned into a questioning look which Geelley spoke “I know you have questions but they’ll be answered in time. Don’t worry with your help we’ll find Tom.”
Thura frowned to stare at the Queen with annoyance on her face she fully recalling the thing that flew into the sky was a machine made by the Keos that made her deaf from its loud boom. 
She gave the Queen a glare of accusation to find the ruler instead spoke "Just get Thura back to your residence Geelley and keep her contained there while we find Tom."
Thura kept the glare as Geelley without a word towards her or the Queen grabbed her arm and got her outside the asylum to the familiar flying machine and inside. 
She gave Geelley a glare who noticed her glare as she got an image of a lighted cauldron flashing in her mind to her confusion. She felt confused as Geelley looked away as the image quit. 
Thura waved her hands and got Geelley looking at her as she finger spelled "Admit it Geelley didn't a flying machine of yours make me deaf as seen in my mind?"
She saw him appear to exhale air at the question then she lip read "My machine? It's not my machine but the Queen's. I had nothing to do with that deafness status hitting you. So drop the subject now."
Thura found Geelley looking away and refusing to look in her direction despite she waving her hands. She felt annoyance take hold as the flying machine landed with a thump vibration followed by Geelley jabbing a finger aimed at her and in another direction. She felt annoyance take hold as she got out of the flying machine and didn't protest as Geelley grabbed her arm and hauled her pushing and pulling into the house. She found Geelley slamming the door once she was inside only to find the door was locked from outside she forced to remain contained inside.

Thura stood alone in the house with the doorway open that showed the shining rays of the sun despite Geelley telling her to stay inside and don't get out. It was suns since her containment by Geelley she always finding the Keo in the morning sitting on a pillow next to her bed in her bedroom. She went to the cupboard and pulled out the green boxy pack she not sure what it was despite feeling rebellious against Geelley to be nosy. She opened it to see rows of needle vials filled with white liquid. She pulled one out and walked towards the table examining it with her hands. Frowning Thura stared at the open doorway to the house as if drawn and blinked her eyes as a light flashed revealing creature with a bony veins tan appearance with a Drudnose like face with veins on it, clawed hands and feet came stumbling out. The creature she saw fell towards the floor shaking its head. Then the creature stood up and stared at her with glowing golden eyes that reminded her of Tom’s. 
Thura stiffened as she heard a male voice in her head speak “It is I of the Banshee race speaking voice in your mind. You, Thura, are seeking Tom which I have found and will bring you to him.” 
The Banshee held up a clawed hand towards her and spoke via voice in her mind “Please grab my arm and I will transport you to where Tom is.” 
Thura obeyed pocketing the needle cylinder in a hidden pocket in her thick red waist band and went to the Banshee taking his arm. The Banshee stepped through the doorway as Thura again blinked her eyes. She found herself in a large room with open doorway entrances. There was grass felt on the floor. Thura looked questioningly at the Banshee which took off her hands off his arm and went speed walking through a doorway entrance disappearing in a flash of light. Thura frowned looking around the room. She spun around to see a light flash as a Banshee arrived shaking its head. Thura stared at the Banshee as Moorra hands removed themselves from the Banshee’s shoulders and a figure revealed itself to her. She gasped with recognition to see the figure was Tom. Tom, Thura could see was still wearing his oxygen mask but his face was pale with veins lining it and his glowing golden eyes appeared to be dim. Thura watched as he advanced walking towards her with shaking hands. She felt a headache coming on as Tom came nearer to her getting more painful, the closer he got nearer to her. She slowly pulled out from her pocket the cylinder needle with white liquid sloshed in it and held it up in her right hand. Tom’s steps slowed and his eyes narrowed staring at her. She saw the Banshee turn to stare at her as she bravely looked at Tom straight in his eyes as a memory came to her mind. 

In the memory she was shaken awake by a being wearing a grey suit and metal helmet were a grass colored scaly face was seen that yanked her to her feet. She discovered that she was wearing a grey jumpsuit and not her regular clothing. The being pulled by her arms through the stadium towards a gated arch with a wall of cloud covering the entrance as walking with them was a Moorra figure with a feathered head and a beaked nose and mouth that opened and closed. She was pushed through the gate to reach a dark hallway with a light source behind her and in moment of panic found she in the darkness running towards the light source. She saw the light source was the gated arch that showed an outline of a being with a feathered head standing on the other side which walked away. Before she could reach the cloudy area Thura was grabbed from behind by metal hands that grabbed her arms and lifted her up kicking. The hands carried her further into the darkness towards a hallway with light sources on her left side. She could see large lighted tubes with Moorra with different colored hairs and different skin types, in them both male and female wearing various clothing. The hands hauled her towards an empty cylinder which opened and she was pushed inside. Thura turned around to find the cylinder door closing and glimpsed a face of a green scaly skin being illuminated in a golden glow behind a face plate of the helmet and suit the being was wearing. Then the tube filled up with white smoke which made her sleepy and she fell asleep. 

Thura again in the memory awoke and fell through the cylinder which opened as she walked cautiously towards a large light source. On the floor was a figure which she saw was the helmeted grey suit lying with its lights on. She looked to see that there was nothing in the suit for it was lying flat. Thura recalled finding a Drudnose with a plank and two figures lying on it attached to it with ropes and remembered the rest of what happened to her.

Thura blinked her eyes of the memory and stared at Tom who pulled the oxygen mask from his face and he fell onto the grass covered hard floor with his eyes closed. Thura kneeled and pulled his left sleeve up and saw the injector implant was gone. She looked at the Banshee with panic on her face. The Banshee stood staring at her as she stared back. Then the Banshee gestured with a head as another Banshee appeared in the room into her line of sight and then walked back disappearing under the arched doorway in the room.

Thura rubbed a hand on Tom’s face feeling him breathing very deeply. She let the tears flow as she sensed two flashes of light behind her to see a Banshee walking towards her followed by Geelley coming from an arched entranceway of the room. 
She lips read Geelley speak “Move away from him now.” 
The Banshee standing next to Thura put its claws on her shoulders lifting her up and moved her away as Geelley rushed towards Tom lying on the floor. Thura exhaled air as she saw Geelley put a new injector device in Tom’s arm and held out a hand towards her. 
She lip read him say “The needle, hand it to me.”
Thura obeyed and handed the needle to Geelley while the Banshee let go of her. Geelley injected the contents of the needle into the implant device in Tom’s arm. Then watched he pulled out a small white bottle of white liquid and opened the cap. He pulled out a tube from the cap which he put in the needle cylinder. Thura could only stand and watch with tears running down her face as the color on Tom’s face became tanned like her skin and the veins disappeared. Tom, she saw, stirred shaking his head and opened his eyes to look at a tear streaked Thura. 
She lip read him say “Thura.”
Thura felt relief hitting her from him looking at her with a happy look in his eyes. She sighed and didn't protest as the Banshees got them both out of the odd room into the Asylum's familiar grey room. Thura stiffened finding the Queen giving Tom a glare who she saw slump over falling to the floor making her upset. She darted towards Tom in a fast move to find he was still alive and got pulled away from him despite she kicking by Geelley. Thura gave the Queen a glare of accusation as Keos arrived into the room and put Tom into a chair with wheels and wheeled it out of the room with her forced to follow by Geelley having an ironclad grip onto her arm. She felt annoyance take hold as she and Tom were led to Thurin's familiar cell she finding the process halted. Thura found herself freed of Geelley's arm grip to find the Queen in response getting behind Tom's chair and pushing him unconscious into Thurin's cell via wall that turned to be a door left open. She was blocked from following by Geelley which she darted towards the window with panic on her face. Thurin in the cell, via the window, she saw to her shock, abruptly opened his eyes showing them glowing like a Banshee. 
Thura watching Thurin from the window outside the cell with shock felt a hand on her shoulder to look and saw Geelley who she lip read said “He’s one of them.” 
She looked at Thurin whose form changed into a Banshee to her surprise. 
Thura stared at the thick red book in her hand and then looked at Geelley who said with her again lip reading “I’m sorry, most of the book was made up, except for the part where we met your kind.” 
Thura sighed as she watched the Banshee Thurin stood up and walked pass the Queen entering the open doorway to the cell with a flash of light and was gone. 
Thura looked at Geelley who spoke “The Queen has decided to let Tom mate with you.” 
Geelley she felt like hugging, suddenly receive a big bear hug from Thura who let go to see the Queen come out of the cell pushing an awoken Tom in the wheel chair who spoke smiling “Thura”. 
Thura smiled leaning down and kissed him on the cheek she sensed he seemed to like as she found herself knocked unconscious by the familiar drug injected into her neck. She woke up back into her familiar bedroom feeling an odd feeling she not sure where that feeling was. She found herself lying on the bed on top of a male form while still clad in her clothes. Thura darted off the bed in a fast move to find the male form was Tom who was shaking sleep from his head and looking out of it to her. Thura in response felt an odd urge hitting her and jumped onto the bed onto Tom to kiss him on the lips. She found Tom kissing her back but tapped her on the shoulder. Thura sighed breaking off the kiss to find Tom gesturing to their clothes via hand pinching his top and pinching her top. She groaned her familiar sound and without a protest got up from the bed to stand staring at Tom as he followed her up. Thura found herself kissing Tom on the lips as she took of his clothing. His shirt she discovered came apart unlatched around the tubes area which was easily taken off. She looked to see the tubes imbedded in his bare muscular arms that were still attached to the oxygen mask on his chest and resumed kissing him on the lips. His clothes soon came off by her hands and he stood naked in front of her still kissing her on the lips with his hands gripping her head gently. Thura didn’t protest as he broke off the kiss to take off her clothes showing her wearing a sleeveless tank leotard underneath them. She shuddered at his touch as his hands touched her bare skin slowly taking off the leotard showing her nakedness. Thura sighed as he picked her up carrying her to the bed and slowly laid her down before settling himself on top of her and kissed her on the lips. She gasped in pleasure as she felt him enter her with his sensitive part and felt him move his hands to her sides. Thura gripped him with hands on his shoulders with her legs wrapping around his waist as she felt him start thrusting which she met moving to his rhythms. She felt his lips on hers as he gripped her tightly. She gasped feeling him spill himself from inside her. Thura sighed feeling his hands went to the sides of her head rubbing as his lips kept touching hers. She closed her eyes and sensed him put on the oxygen mask and lazily opened her eyes to face his golden ones.
She heard a voice say in her mind along with images of a Banshee changing form to a Keo she recognized to be Thurin “This Banshee you saw is my father.”
The image changed to a black haired Moorra female walking in the forests wearing raggedy clothing and fainting when Thurin revealed himself to her from hiding around a tree. 
She heard the voice say “The Moorra female is my mother who my father mated with.”
The view changed to show the Moorra female waking up to face Thurin sitting in a kneeling position inches away in a cave. The female was hesitant but allowed Thurin to touch her stroking her face with a knuckle. Then the view showed her walking in the forests with Thurin holding her hand. He put a hand on her abdomen over the clothes and smiled as she smiled. Then Thurin abruptly put her back to the tree and stood in front of her as six Keos, all males arrived running from the bushes to face the two. Thurin grabbed his head and fainted as the Moorra female stood shaking in fear. Four of the Keos grabbed her pinning her to the ground as two pulled out knives. 
Thura heard the voice say “They took me out alive with her screaming from the pain.” 
The view showed the two Keos cutting open the screaming female at the abdomen area and yanked out the baby which appeared to Thura to be a Moorra male. The Keos let go of her and she turned to lie on her side groaning in pain. One of the Keos pulled out a gun from his pocket and put it on the female’s head pulling the trigger. The female jerked shaking and went still. 
Thura heard the voice say “The Keo who did the shooting died by my hand.”
She stiffened seeing the image of a Keo the bookseller with a peaceful look on his face standing at a table reading a book that looked at the door to see Tom walking in with oxygen mask on his face and narrowed eyes. The bookseller put a hand on his head and then threw the book at Tom who raised a hand. The book was deflected like it hit a wall. Tom walked towards the bookseller who shook grabbing his head jerking from the pain as blue liquid spurted from his eyes and ears. The bookseller opened his mouth as blue liquid came out and fell towards the floor laying on it jerking his form. Thura grimaced as the bookseller went still and Tom left the bookstore with oxygen mask still on his face.
Thura closed her eyes as she heard the voice say “You will not take Thura away from me or the Queen will suffer my anger.” 
She stiffened seeing an image of the Queen with a pained look on her face, throwing her head back and grabbing her head with her hands. The view went away as Thura sensed Tom take off his oxygen mask and cuddled her in his arms.
Thura felt an odd feeling of annoyance hitting her from Tom's images he showed in her mind she felt compelled to sleep obeyed.

Thura woke up finding herself lying in her familiar bedroom with the familiar odd feeling gone from her along with realizing that she didn't mate with Tom in her bedroom but in another room twin to it. She groaned softly and without a word went out of the bedroom to go downstairs finding Tom already dressed seated on a bench looking annoyed by the expression his face. She sighed and found Geelley walking in sight from behind her and block her way of getting nearer to Tom despite noticing the male was getting angry.
Thura saw Geelley talk to Tom saying “Let her have her independence, Tom.” 
She frowned as Tom without a protest let her leave the house he sensed watched her leave the house walking out. Thura walked towards the city fortress passing by houses. She entered the city and walked on the side of the road to the bookstore where a Keo looked up with a narrowed eyed glare on his face from reading a book. Thura frowned as she went to a chair and pulled out her book to read. 

She felt a tap on her shoulder and looked up to see the bookseller who pointed to his lips speaking “The sun’s close to the horizon. I suggest you leave now if you want to get home by night time.” 
Thura nodded her head and placed the book back in her boot and left the bookstore. She walked out of the city and reached the road walking at the side. She felt a long thin object hit her from behind on the back of her knees forcing her to a kneeling position. This was followed by the object hitting her on the head hard which put her unconscious. 

Thura shook her head from the pain of her headache and forced open her eyes to stare at Tom lying on the bed with his arms around her. His eyes, she saw with the light of the nightlight shining in the dark room, were open and filled with anger as he stared at the ceiling. Thura brought a hand to his cheek rubbing as his eyes moved to meet hers. 
She lip read him speaking “What happened and who attacked you? The Queen’s royal guard brought you in after finding you lying unconscious on the road.”
Thura removed her hand from his cheek and finger spelled “I was attacked from behind. They hit me on the back of my knees with a long thin object forcing me to kneel then hit me on the head putting me out.”
Tom, she lip read mouthed "They pay for hurting you."
She felt his anger kissed him on the lips and felt him calming down. 
Tom was sensed sighed as she broke off the kiss to resume her finger spelling "For respects, stay with me tonight."
Tom, she saw, frowned at her use of the words for respects for it was the Keo way of begging. 
She kept finger spelling '"I keep having this odd image in my mind of a Drudnose a Keo's rider gonoid with some plank attached to it. I can't seem to figure out where this came from."
Thura stopped her finger spelling to get from Tom "I can mentally scan minds while wearing the mask on my face. One of my mental powers involves mentally able to mind walk people's minds. Let me scan you to help-"
Thura interrupted by covering his mouth halting his mouthing followed by her shaking her head in a Moorra way of not agreeing with talk which was tipping the head sideways in on the left side repeatedly.
Thura removed her hand to finger spell "That image has always brought the feeling of fear within me enough to shake from it. I think it's a tall tale message put in my mind not to have mind walkers scanning me period. So don't you dare do that mind scanning to me."
Thura fell asleep in response only to feel a compulsion to sit up in a lurch with shock in her eyes she recalling what the image giving her fearful feeling was to her shock. She didn't protest as Tom got her to lie down followed by going back to sleep which she passed out unconscious.

Thura peered out the doorway she finding herself awake in her familiar room alone with Geelley. She found Geelley looking at her with a narrowed eyed glare as she woke up alone in her room. 
She got told by Geelley "Just stay in your room now. Don't come out."
Thura obeyed till curiosity of a door slam vibration hit which she went to peer to see Geelley saying to Tom whose back was to her “Put your mask on, they have been found.”
She frowned as Tom put his mask on and watched Geelley’s face crumble up in pain as he gripped his head bending down. Thura darted out of the room to stand in front of Tom yanking off his mask on his face. 
She lip read him speaks “It was Geelley who attacked you.”
Thura angrily brought her hand up and slapped him on the face then she went to her room to stand. She felt Tom’s hand on her shoulder and yanked it off. Thura felt him tap her on the shoulder and waved a hand behind her back at him. Thura turned around and followed him out of the room to see Tom punch Geelley in the face as he walked by the Keo. Geelley she saw slid towards the floor as Tom went in his room. She felt the vibration of the door slam and went to kneel next to Geelley while picking up one of his hands. Thura rubbed Geelley’s head as he shook it and opened his eyes to look at her. 
She frowned as he spoke “I don’t think you should be with Tom for awhile.”
Thura nodded her head with understanding then helped Geelley get up who leaned on her form. She helped him down the stairs towards the table next to the kitchen and forced him to sit on a bench. Thura went to get food and drink which she placed on the table in front of Geelley who ate it. She went to get food and drink and sat down next to Geelley eating it. Geelley she saw finished the food and drink. She watched him get up towards the sink carrying the dishes. Thura sat as Geelley went to the table and saw Tom come down the stairs out of the corners of her eyes. She watched as Geelley grabbed a green boxy pack from the cupboards and stomped towards Tom who walked towards her, thrusting it at him. She kept her eyes on Geelley whose back was to her and saw him point towards the door. Tom took a step towards her but Geelley fisted his hands raising them up in front of him. She moved her head to watch Tom leave the house followed by Geelley and felt the vibration of the door slam as the Keo slammed it behind Tom’s form. Thura got up as Geelley stood facing the door with arms to his sides and fisted hands. She went to him and placed a hand on his shoulder that looked at her with a stiff look on his face. She frowned but removed her hand only to feel a feeling of dizziness hitting her. She took off the hand off Geelley she figured was causing her dizziness and went to sit down onto a bench to glare at the Keo with accusation. She found Geelley ignored her glare to go sit down on a pillow with eyes shut. She kept the glare finding Geelley ignored her including blocking her efforts to leave the house by grabbing her from behind at each attempt to step outside. She found that Geelley seemed to know that she was attempting to get outside despite her attempts to quietly open the door he kept opening his eyes and looking in her direction with a glare on his face. Thura found another bout with dizziness hitting her groaned and went to her room to sit on the bed shaking off the wooziness. She pulled out her book and felt disgusted with the contents tossed it towards the door to find it caught by Geelley who gave her a narrowed black eyed glare.
Thura fingered spelled in response "I'm disgusted that the book turned out to be fake despite thinking it was really true."
She found Geelley without a word went further into her room to place the book onto the dresser next to the lamp. She frowned as Geelley without a word towards her left the room shutting the door she feeling it bang with a slam vibration. 
Thura mentally spoke in response "How rude! Geelley, slamming the door instead of closing it gently!"
She found Geelley entering the room in response to her thoughts to hold his hands up and was waving it towards her as she found the familiar cauldron scene gone from her mind to her confusion. 
She felt a pain of her head hurting to her annoyance finger spelled "Geelley, do you mind? I need to sleep off the head pain."
She got nothing from Geelley in response but him walking out of the room again slamming the door. She groaned again and laid down on the bed still hit with dizziness on and off to her confusion despite attempts to sleep it off including further head pain from Geelley entering the room to mind scan her. She figured the head pain was from Geelley mind scanning her to her annoyance who kept her trapped into her room for seven suns including giving her a bucket to do waste. She felt annoyance take hold when Geelley for some reason kept on catching her sneaking out of the room despite tip toeing by him sitting on the floor. She kept on getting grabbed by Geelley to forced to lie down onto her bed a lot despite given nourishment. Thura found Geelley had managed to get another Keo to bring up nourishment to her to eat during her containment including doing expelling in a bucket despite the Keo refused to give her privacy for that. She felt annoyance take hold finding Geelley refused to answer her questions of why she was contained. It made her disgusted enough to be furious with Geelley and the treatment she got from him and his people. Thura walked in the city frowning finding Geelley was gone from her room when she woke up. She wound up finding her entrance to leave the room not blocked by Geelley. Thura found her way to the kitchen unit she hungry which she cooked food then went to the bath house finding Geelley no where in sight. It was seven suns since Tom was banished from the house she recalled. Thura wound up after the bath house of bathing herself in the sink and washing her hair that way she feeling like rebelling against Geelley for the containment. 
She felt annoyance aimed at Geelley and figured to herself "I might as well go to the city." 
She walked on the road and passed by sellers selling items from their booths. Thura saw Geelley standing at a booth talking to a Keo and walked towards them. She shook her head feeling a fainting feeling along with nausea arrive and groaned bending down throwing up the contents of her stomach abruptly. Out of the corners of her eyes she saw the Queen’s carriage rumbling by and blinked her eyes as the carriage stopped. Thura forced her eyes on Geelley who stopped talking to the Keo and looked at her mouthing her name which she lip read while still throwing up her stomach's contents. She shook her head struggling from trying not to faint along with the nausea to see Geelley running towards her mouthing her name. She averted her eyes to stare at the dirt ground and fell towards it as the throwing up her stomach contents quit. Thura on the ground blinked her eyes as the fainting feeling overcame her and she felt the darkness arrive to her eyes while closing them felt nothing more come to her. 

Thura woke up with gasp from the bed to sense gloved hands rubbing her forehead. She looked to see Geelley with a frown on his face. Groaning she sat up as Geelley pulled her up from the bed and leaned her against him. He led her from the bedroom down the stairs towards the kitchen unit and forced her to sit. She rubbed a hand on her head shaking as Geelley put food in front of her. Thura rebelled pushing the food away while feeling her stomach upset. Geelley sat next to her on the bench and pulled her head to face him. 
He pointed to his lips and spoke “Your mating with Tom resulted with you carrying.” 
She stared at Geelley with a frown as he put one of her hands on her abdomen rubbing the area and continued “Please eat for the baby, Thura.” 
Thura groaned as she pulled the food and ate it slowly. 
Once finished she finger spelled “Who will let Tom know?” 
Geelley replied “The Queen is informing him of that.” 
Thura found Geelley in response ignored her further questions to hand her, her familiar book and got ordered "Read it."
She felt annoyance take hold found herself too dizzy to stand up groaned and wound up resuming a sitting position on the bench. She groaned again and forced herself to shake the dizziness as she opened her book and began reading passages in it that interested her.

Thura sat at the table reading her book over and over as she felt a tap on her shoulder and looked to see Geelley who spoke “I have something to tell you.” 
She moved her position till her back was to the table as Geelley kneeled in front of her. 
He spoke “I’m sorry Thura. Remember yourself being attacked? Tom was right I did attack you from behind.” 
Thura’s face turned to anger and she got up running towards the door only to felt herself tackled from behind by Geelley. They both fell towards the floor. She with her back to the door was quick to get up with fisted hands facing Geelley who got up with gloved hands up. Thura aimed a kick at his stomach which Geelley was quick to step aside avoiding it. She kept her eyes on Geelley who abruptly lowered his hands to his sides and bowed his form. Thura spun around to face the Queen standing in the open doorway with arms folded. 
She lowered her fisted hands as the Queen pointed to her lips and spoke “Thura come with me.” 
Thura obeyed following the Queen out of the house towards her carriage. She sat in the carriage with the Queen sitting across from her. She saw the Queen bowed her head closing her eyes. Thura frowned watching the Queen who raised her head opening her eyes then cocked her head. Thura looked out the window as the carriage moved passing houses and went into the city. She kept her eyes out the window as the carriage went to the city and then stopped at the palace followed by ordered out by the Queen tapping her to get her attention. Thura obeyed to get out of the carriage to find it driven away with the Queen inside to her annoyance. She found a guard clad in familiar drudnose armor gesturing her to come which she obeyed as if compelled to her annoyance. She found the guard led her to a room and got her inside followed by slamming the door behind her. Thura found the door locked when she went to put a hand onto it. Thura sat on the bed frowning and looked to see the door opened as Tom was led by a female Keo inside the room with his head down. His hands she saw were in fists and he was shaking his head. The female Keo forced Tom to a chair next to the bed and then left the room. Thura went to Tom whose eyes were closed putting her hands on his cheeks and kissed him on the lips. She felt Tom jerk from the kiss and broke it off to stare at him who looked at her with his open angry eyes. 
Thura removed one of her hands to finger spelled her words “You were right about Geelley. He confessed to doing the attack on me.” 
She saw Tom’s mouth open as he exhaled air and he closed his mouth. Thura picked up one of his fisted hands which unclenched as she brought it to where their child was inside her rubbing the area with his hand. She, with her other hand pulled Tom’s form forwards till he was leaning against her. Thura felt his arm go around her as he settled against her form. Thura frowned as Tom broke the touch and holds to find the Queen in the room giving off a sinister feeling of dread to her annoyance. She frowned as Tom was restrained by guards to find the Queen putting hands onto Tom's forehead to see the male shake in fear. She frowned as Tom jerked his head up followed by collapsing onto the hand grips of the guards then forced to lie down onto the bed and appeared to have fallen asleep. She frowned while staring at the Queen who went to her she finding the guards grabbing her arms. 
Thura stiffened as she heard blared in her mind abruptly despite a headache "Don't you dare do that mind wiping ability onto Thura."
She stiffened from the male voice sounding familiar blaring in her mind as she found the Queen looking pass her to lip read "Thurin I won't do it if you admit some things to me."
Thura found herself freed to look finding a familiar Keo behind her standing in the doorway she assumed led to a bathing room. She frowned as Thurin she assumed was the Keo got his arms grabbed by guards who pulled him towards the Queen. Thura frowned while staring at the Queen warily to find the ruler putting hands onto Thurin's forehead and saw the Keo's eyes turn Banshee like. 
She eyed the Queen who grimaced followed by removing her hands and speaking "Alright you have proven your worth. I expect you to handle Thura and what she tells Tom."
She felt confusion hitting her as Thurin was freed followed by the Queen speaking she lip reading "Thura come with me now."
Thura obeyed to find Thurin following with a glare on his face she frowning to why he was angry. She sensed Thurin angry but didn't question him as she was led to a room and forced to lay on the bed by the Keos.
Thura frowned as Thurin spoke towards the Queen she lip reading "Just get out and let me handle the birth of the child Thurin as he wishes to be called. I can hear him blasting from Thura."
She stiffened from Thurin's words as she found herself sick again found herself throwing up the contents of her stomach off the sides of the bed. She found her clothes started to get tighter and tighter on her form as the Queen left the room without a word. She found Thurin kept a hand over her abdomen area as if he was mind scanning the area. Thura found her clothes too tight to wear took them off once naked to stiffen of shock finding her abdomen was getting more rounded despite feeling nothing from the baby inside her. Thura sat back leaning against the pillows feeling relief from throwing up repeatedly as Thurin got up to sit on the bed. She rubbed a hand on her abdomen that was quite rounded and exhaled a breath from her throwing up. 
She frowned seeing him wave his hand and looked at him as he pointed to his lips speaking “Thura, there’s something you should know.” 
She stared at Thurin who lowered his hand and he spoke “The Queen, I should tell you, can’t have a mate or children but she can adopt children and raise them. The Keos who attacked Tom’s parents were doing this on the Queen’s orders except for the Keo who killed his mother.” 
Thura frowned as Thurin paused then the Keo continued speaking “The Keo who killed Tom’s mother, the bookseller that died by Tom, was Geelley's father, your adoptive father who was ordered by the Queen to raise you. I’m surprised that you didn’t recognize him.”
Thura formed anger on her face as Thurin raised a hand waving it up and down a gesture she recognized telling her to calm down as she felt herself remaining calm despite angry.
Thurin continued “The Queen raised Tom like her child treating him as an object for amusement and not giving him love like a parent should give to a child."
She exhaled a breath to grunt as she again threw up over the bed finding her abdomen again getting more rounded she feeling the baby inside her for the first time. Thura exhaled another breath as Thurin quit his talk and remained seated on the bed this time appearing to keep a hand onto her round abdomen. Thura found herself grimacing from the pain of her abdomen getting very swollen including pains from her son she assumed the baby is a male growing inside her. She grimaced finding herself very uncomfortable to sit up only to feel an urge to push something from within her. Thura frowned as she found Thurin going to the door to yank it open followed by going back to the bed to get behind her holding her up. She breathed deeply through her mouth as the Queen arrived into view and without a word found the ruler got a Keo to put hands onto her sensitive part. The pawing annoyed her but she kept on feeling the familiar feeling of pushing obeyed till she felt the urge gone including her rounded abdomen deflated a bit to her confusion. Thura frowned as she found Thurin getting out from behind her to get her to lie down onto the bed and putting a blanket over her naked form. She frowned further as she saw a moving thing in the Queen's arms that appeared to have a Moorra's looks but seemed smaller sized. Thura eyed the thing warily to find the Queen appeared to be ogling the smaller Moorra while holding it and appeared to be mind scanning it from her intense stare. 
She frowned as she focused onto the Queen who spoke she lip read "Well appears that Thurin has what we've been seeking to find from one of any of his offsprings. A clear scene of where his Father is actually fully in this child's mind."
Thura exhaled a breath finding the smaller Moorra was a baby she shocked that she didn't realize it at first. She frowned as the guards thrust her clothes onto her she put on and got held up by them. She grimaced as the Queen placed the baby Thurin into a female Keo's arms and found the Queen going up towards her to place hands onto her forehead. She found herself dropped from the guards' hand grips to fall into a box in her mind that had seen through walls she unable to get out. Thura found herself looking up as if drawn to find the box had a projection image of the Queen as if seeing via own eyes despite still contained. Thura found herself contained in the box unable to get out despite various scenes seen she confused to see.

Thura woke up from the bed shaking her head she freed from the box after an uncounted day of being trapped inside it. 
She frown hearing a male voice in her mind crying “Mama.” 
Thura exhaled a breath recognizing her son’s voice speaking in her mind. She got up from the bed and went to the crib to see Thurin standing up in it his face scrunched up like he had been crying. 
She heard in her mind “Banshee Keo hurt Daddy.”
She frown at the words hearing them as an image of a Keo named Thurin in his padded cell changing into a Banshee flashed in her mind. She again heard in her mind her son repeat his words which she picked him up and turned to face the door seeing a Keo, she recognized as Geelley with a narrowed eyed look on his face come into the room. Thura adjusted Thurin till his back was touching her front as she stared at Geelley who jerked putting a foot back several times as he came closer to her. She saw him pause as he looked at her with eyes that made her drop her mouth. His eyes she saw were Banshee like as his form abruptly shredded its self backwards showing a Banshee in its place. 
Thura heard in her mind a female voice screaming “Run!” 
Thura ran towards the bed as the Banshee gave chase with its clawed hands swiping. She darted on the bed running on it towards the door and ran out of the room. She felt a loud vibration behind her and felt Thurin squirm in distress in her arms as she ran down the hallway. She ran down several corridors guided by instinct till she reached the yard leading to the maze garden and paused seeing the Queen sitting cross legged with eyes closed and her two guards standing besides her both looked at her with sinister looks on their faces. Thura again felt the vibration and saw the Queen jerk her eyes open that stared at her with some angry look. She edged herself towards the maze as the Queen got up to stand with arms folded head cocked eyes appearing to be staring at her. 
Thura frown as the Queen spoke with her lip reading “Interesting, Thurin. I’m aware of them and their attitude. Their quick to anger easily controlled by it and slow to forgive.”
She looked down at Thurin who appeared to be staring at the Queen then looked up to stare at the ruler who again spoke “Yes I know of that. Too bad they don’t know that gonoids are friendly with your father.”
Thura frown as the Queen paused to turn her head towards the entrance to the palace and then again looked at Thurin before speaking “Maeve can handle Geelley. I admit I manipulated Maeve and Geelley to get together since the death of his father. From mind scans she’s aware of things about the Keo that not many Moorra are aware of. She’s proven to be strong enough to handle herself against a Keo like Geelley.”
Thura again felt the vibration as she saw the Queen grimace pausing from her talk then watched as the monarch continued speaking “Sounds like Maeve found Geelley and is handling him. I wouldn’t worry about him taking his anger out on your mother. Maeve will make sure of that won’t happen again. I’ll see to it.” 
She frowned but didn't protest as the Queen added 'Thura, take your son out to the city. Show him the city and every thing there."
She obeyed as if compelled to her disgust.

Thura wandered in the city ignoring Moorra and Keo looking at her which she goes to the bookstore to sit reading her book with Thurin on her lap. She soon felt uncomfortable from the Keo bookseller staring at her while feeling Thurin squirm on her lap repeatedly.
Thura heard her son whine "I want to leave!"
She putted book away and carried him out of the bookstore to feel her senses blare warning behind her. Thura looked to find a Keo bent down and sees Tom step between her and the Keo. She adjusted her position to see the Keo throw fists at Tom who catches them. Then sees the Keo change into a Banshee followed by falling to the ground as Tom does the same. She darted toward Tom to get arms holding her back. She saw that their Moorra who have glares aimed at the Keo attending to Tom and the Banshee on the ground that shifts from Banshee to Keo back and forth. Thura wound up sensing Thurin is crying while held by her. Thura watched as Keo haul Tom and the Banshee/Keo away by arms out of her sight. 
She was grabbed by a Keo and hauled to the palace and thrust inside and told by lip reading "Your stay inside and not come out period unless the Queen orders it." 
Thura found herself in her bedroom putted Thurin in the crib who keeps on crying which she figured "He’ll cry himself to sleep."
Thura wound up pulling out her book and sat on the bed reading it and uncounted number of pages. 
She found herself able to make a dent in the book to hear Thurin wail in her mind "Mommy!"
Repeatedly over and over which she putted book away and went to her son in the crib standing in it. She picked him up and held him as he stops wailing Mommy in her mind. Thura went to a chair to sit rocking in it while leaning back against it eyes on the doorway with door she saw abruptly slammed shut by hidden hands. 
She frowned as Thurin started blaring "I want Daddy!" in her mind along with "I want his presence!" 
She found his talk cut off looks at him to see him yawn followed by the kid conking himself out. 
She figured "It was nap time for him. Due to the time of day and that he should be napping anyway."
Thura got up and putted him in the crib him still asleep. Thura again sat in the rocking chair and folded her arms staring at the closed door with a frown.
She wondering "What will happen to Tom?" 
Thura found the door open and a female Moorra appearing to have a swollen abdomen fell into the doorway with grimace on her face. 
Thura darted towards her helping her up and lip reads her saying "I've been trying to get help for the baby. Feeling pains that come and go and have started since I woke up from a nap abruptly. The guards have ignored my pleas for help and I can’t find the Queen or Geelley to complain about this. And that the guards haven’t answered my questions on either one instead have been a wall whenever I talked to them." 
Thura figured out that the Moorra is Maeve and helped her to the bed forcing her to sit leaning back. She figured that Maeve is having labor pains which is a sign of the baby needing to be born stripped her leggings off of her along with her shoes.
She lip reads her saying "I didn’t think of that situation when I first felt the pains and thought it was something else." 
Thura saw Maeve grimace while having a strained look on her face figured that she’s going through another bout of labor pain. 
Thura heard a female voice sounding familiar and alien in her mind sounding "Quick! Get to the castle immediately! Maeve is detected having the baby and forget about Tom! He can wait! Babies can’t due to that sensing that the baby would link its mind to the first living being it sees like Tom and his son was detected doing after yanked from their moms! But was easily blocked by the Keo having stronger mental mind power! The mind linking didn’t happen till you scanned both of them and then permitted that linking to happen! 
Thura frowned as the voice becomes silent eyed Maeve’s face who she saw had some odd look on her face followed by a grimace which she recalled birthing Thurin. She felt confused on what she’s supposed to do with helping Maeve till light flashed off her side. 
She saw the Queen and two male Keos there one holding a bag which she’s ordered by the ruler "Thura go take Thurin and leave the room now!" 
Thura didn’t protest went to Thurin who’s awake and standing in his crib not crying but having some narrowed eyed look on his face. She picked him up and carried him out of the room and wandered in the palace. Till she reached a courtyard to sit on a bench and putted Thurin down on the grass from him squirming too much and eyed him crawl around exploring his surroundings. She got up and followed Thurin crawling around as he examined the courtyard’s contents by touching the object with his hand. Thura saw him reach the bench and watched as he used the bench’s leg to force himself to stand wobbling. She eyed him with a frown as he appeared to use the bench hands on it to take walking steps with his feet while wobbling walking all around the bench as she watched him do it. 
She frowned wondering "What happened to Tom?"
Thura continued to eye Thurin who sit down abruptly onto the grass and bursts into tears. She sighed and picked him up and hear from him in her mind "Bad Keo hurt daddy via scratching his face with a shiny thing. They won’t stop hurting him while he sleeps with that shiny thing still scratching his face."
She frowned wondering "What's Thurin is talking about? It's due to not knowing what happened to Tom after he was taken away out of my sight by Keo." 
She frowned as Thurin continues to whine "Daddy awake. Keo hauling him by force to some place bad."
She frowned further on her lips as Thurin continues to whine "The bad Keo putting Daddy to sleep. Throwing him in some doorway of clouds. I can’t sense him anymore or see him. I don't want anything to do with bad Keo or any Keo with their badness to daddy."
Thura found herself agreeing with Thurin on his talk instead went to the bench to sit down and frowned while holding her son. She found Thurin kept on his whining sounding in his mind till he appeared to be conked out to her relief. Thura frowned finding the Queen in sight that looked at her with a sinister sneering look that made her gulp she recognizing via senses wasn't the original Queen but a replacement. Thurin kept on stiffening as the Queen jerked her head towards her and found guards darting into sight heading towards her while shredding their forms to show Banshees. Thura stiffened but felt her feet refused to budge from moving.
She found guards yanking Thurin still whining in her mind "Bad Keo! Hurt Daddy!"
Thura found the guards yanking her up to stand and hauled her to the Queen she grimaced seeing a sneer on her face. 
She kept on grimacing as the Queen spoke she lip reading "Just teach this Moorra how to handle the bookstore since she likes reading a book."
She found herself pushed and pulled into a bedroom belonging to the Queen and left locked in containment there ignored and not given food. 
Thura found herself crying on the bed on and off from thinking "I won’t see Tom again physically and the loss of raising my son Thurin I don't know where he is." 
Thura found herself crying to sleep. She woke up as if shaken by a Keo finding the male is guard who thrusts her clothes. 
She discovered via voice in her mind "The Queen has ordered you to wear the traditional female Moorra wear dress and shoes along with having your hair cut short like one as well." 
She wound up ordered "You're to go to the Queen’s throne room now." 
She obeyed to get dressed into the traditional clothes and cuts her hair. She didn't protest as the guard got her to the Queen's throne room where she meets the Queen still giving her sinister looks.
She wound up ordered by the Queen "You're to be a bookseller of the bookstore in the city as your job. It's from you seen liking a book too much from reading it." 
Thura found herself not protesting to that order. She got a big Keo in the room grabbing her arm and pulling her out of the castle to the bookstore and left there. Thura spend some time looking for her book while noticing a big Keo enter the bookstore multiple times looking annoyed. She found via her instinct that he’s expecting her to do something.
She found the big Keo entering the bookstore and speaking towards her forced to lip read "You're to obeys to my teaching you how to handle the bookstore job. I will oath with a reward. It's a treasured book I know Moorra are forbidden from reading."
She found herself a good pupil in the Keo's teaching despite he ignoring her finger spelling questions. She found at the end of the day given a familiar book she found was on Thurin Keno by the title to her confusion. 
Thura frowned while staring at the book in her hand as the Keo spoke "That book is forbidden for Moorra to read. Only Keo can read it. Anyway let me show you where your to sleep."
Thura then got led to quarters in the back of the bookstore which she forced herself to sleep with the lamp off despite sleeping with a light on. 
She slept with the lamp off via the Keo ordering her "I expect you to sleep with the lamp off. I expect you to get over your fear of the darkness." 
Thura found herself obeying by the Keo forcing her to lie down onto the cot bed and putting a blanket onto her form. She found the Keo turning off the lamp and felt vibrations on the floor of him stomping away. Thura found herself still having her nightmarish dream. She woke up sweating from her nightmare and disorient around the room. Thura forced herself to find for the lamp blindly only to find the thing gone from the bed stand to her shock. She groaned and blindly went to the door to the quarters' entrance only to find the door refused to open to her annoyance. Thura jiggled the doorknob finding it refused to turn to her annoyance. She threw a fist onto the door and with annoyance taking hold blindly felt her way back to her bed and laid on it for a lengthy time period she ignoring her urges to sleep. Thura kept on staring at the ceiling as light spilled into the quarters she saw appeared to be from a window from above she recognized was sunrise. She groaned and rolled over shutting her eyes only to feel a thumping vibration of feet marching on a floor jarring her awake. Thura woke up to find the door to the quarters open followed by the familiar Keo entering the room with a lamp held in hand that jammed it down onto the bed stand before grabbing her by the arm and hauling her out of the room. 
Thura found herself exhausted all day and selling books to Keos who ignored her finger spelling comments of "Help you find a book?" 
She found Keos entering the bookstore to go to a book and then go to her desk to thump it down in front of her and give her a glare expecting her to do something.
Thura groaned recalling while sleeping with the lamp off in her quarters that she finger spelled "That would be five lei please."
She kept on groaning as the Keo in response would give off a look of disgust and hand her two gold coins instead of five coins and walk off taking their books. She found some of the Keo refused to take their books with them instead walked out of the bookstore not buying the desired book. She forced to put it back where they found it all day giving off various prices of one coin to five coins despite Keos giving various looks aimed at her some seemingly disgusted. She felt relieved when the sunset to go to her quarters to lie down onto the bed and shut her eyes letting herself to sleep. Thura found the bookselling involved Keos appearing to be mind scanning her via headaches of them hitting to her disgust. 
She mentally spoke to herself during a headache mind scanning hitting "Can't I be with Tom instead of here with the Keos' and the rude treatment? Can't someone get me off Uzan as this world is called and get me to Tom? I would rather be with Tom than with the Uzan natives. I'm sick of it."
She found her plea ignored instead found herself sickened with a terrible headache to groan from the dizziness of the pain making her standing worse off. Thura found herself fed up with the bookseller job instead put a closed sign on the door and locked it and then went to her quarters to lie down from the pain. She felt a compulsion to sit up and stand obeyed despite confused to find a light show in front of her. It took her a moment to recognize the light show was showing Tom complete with his familiar oxygen mask covering his face in sight.
Thura felt herself happy from seeing Tom felt her mind scanned to mentally think "Tom! It's Thura! Take off your mask now! Greet me! I miss you terribly!"
She saw Tom obeying to see the familiar look in his eyes was acceptance she craved to get from him as she darted towards him. Thura went to Tom and hugged him along with kissing him on the lips he kissed her back. She didn't protest as they both broke off the kiss followed by finding the scene changed to show a familiar grey room with the gate and forced to go through via compulsion with an image of a gate's room in her mind. Thura obeyed to find herself and Tom coming out of a gate room from the looks of it she thinking to herself "I'll do what it takes to remain living with Tom forever giving me what I want. It doesn't matter if death hits me. I'll find a way even if I have to be reborn in a different body and form to become his female forever. It's a vow I aim to do."
Thura felt herself happy with her vow as she recalled it while lying in bed coughing from her sick ailment Tom seated next to her. She felt her legs had frozen and refused to budge on walking for her as she felt the familiar deadness feeling spreading within her cutting off her coughing. Thura kept on thinking her vow despite feeling her mind scanned not by Tom but by the Meritanians of Shadan. 
She eyed Tom who sat still staring away from her she realizing to think to himself "He thinks he's going to lose me his only reason for living other than being an assassin of the High Council. Oh Tom! Wish I could tell him I found a way of living again. He has refused my efforts to scan my mind to tell him what I did to assure of living again. Oh well he'll know of it soon enough when the time comes. The High Council knows of it but haven't said anything to Tom. A pity."
Thura felt her body give itself up as she found herself floating above her body finding it appearing old and weak to her disgust she thinking to herself "I won't have a body like that again."
She found herself back onto a familiar beach facing a familiar crowned male dubbing himself Lance Richard despite an odd bird design on his clothes and clothes that seemed girlish to her despite wearing a dress. She found herself able to hear to find Lance Richard looking her way with all black eyes making her annoyed to see.
Thura glared at Lance Richard who spoke she forcing herself to lip read out of habit "Don't worry it won't take long before your back into your new body."
She heard snickering like laughter to find the Meritanians standing on the water clad in white robes with hoods and all black eyes. 
Thura glared in response hearing the Meritanians' snickering for she spoke "Sounds like their playing a joke again." 
She heard in response "Ah my dear Thura, you won't remember when your reborn in your new body in who I found acceptable for that."
Thura exhaled a breath to glare at Lance Richard who spoke "You'll remember once the time arrives for you to remember. Don't worry about it. I'll make sure that you'll remember period. Excuse me while I handle manipulating things among the restless natives of Shadan."
She saw Lance Richard shut his eyes as she sensed a light show off the male's right to find a male with his face appear into sight. She found Lance Richard in response blocked the appearing male's view of her and appeared to be speaking words it took her a moment to hear despite confusion to the wording.
Thura frowned as Lance Richard got the appearing male's eyes shut and the male disappeared in a light show as she spoke "Translate what you were talking about to this male? What's with the wording of Jinks rhyming with thinks anyway?"
She gave Lance Richard a glare who shrugged and spoke "Jinks is the name of my son, my offspring. Now excuse me. It's about time you woke up in your new body, Thura. Don't mind the noises you hear. You're hearing this time."
Thura frowned as Lance Richard forced her eyes shut she coming to finding herself devoid of who she was fully in mind. She frowned as she felt an odd feeling of wanting love and burst into tears crying uncontrollably. She cried while lying on her back moving her arms and legs in kicking and thrusting movements. She finding herself clad in something wrapped around her body and something on top of her head as she kept on wailing. Thura found no memory came to her mind on who she was and why she was wailing as something came into view from above she didn't recognize but wanted the feeling of love hitting her. She kept on wailing as she felt the something in view stared at her from senses blaring followed by feeling herself lifted up by a pair of warm firm hands. Thura kept on wailing as the hands were felt turning into arms and pushed against a warmth with a vibration on the warmth felt. She cut off her wailing as the warmth hit her and she kept on crying as she was carried followed by lowered and cuddled to the warmth. Thura kept on crying as she felt the warmth of the hands and body hold her along with a familiar feeling of love hitting her she felt from the something that was looking at her via senses blaring. She quit her crying once she felt the love from the something holding her along with pressure on top of her forehead of lips kissing the area and heard humming noises sounding softly she felt lulled to sleep only to keep on wailing as the loved feeling left the something. Thura kept on wailing as the something raised her and carried her to adjust the wrappings around her followed by put her front onto the warmth. She found her cheek touching the warmth in a gentle move and found the something kept on rising up and down in a slow move while feeling hands rubbing her back. Thura felt herself loved only to hear wording sounding alien spoken in a male voice that seemed familiar. 
It didn't take her till later that the voice's words spoke "Victoria Katherine, your giving me a purpose to live whether I like it or not."
Thura in response fell asleep lulled by the feeling of warmth from the something's body despite feeling the love feeling not there she craved for. 

Jacin'

Jacin heard from Peter the Meritanian abruptly sounding in his mind "Unnecessary on using him my Queen. That Moorra said what I wanted to hear from him which is the words 'I surrender'. I have taken the liberty of transporting him to the brig. Oh if you wish to interrogate him use someone else other than your Moorra son. This Moorra is immune to son's mental abilities which is speak he can’t use his mind walking powers or will seen as a threat. Your Moorra son can get information via verbal talk."
Jacin heard an edge in Peter’s voice tone figured that there’s something suspicious going on from the Meritanian's wording. He figured to himself that Peter was hiding something from him again. He frowned as he sat next to the eater fire warming himself. 
He heard from Peter "Yea."
Jacin felt himself annoyed at Peter again hiding something from him. He stood up to pace keeping himself within vicinity of the eater's warmth despite cold.
Peter again spoke sounding annoyed blaring in his mind "What are you babbling about?" 
This was followed by a pause then Peter added speaking "We Meritanians are in contact with that Moorra dubbing himself Jacin. He appears to have a sense to overhear everything we saying."
Jacin stiffened hearing his name spoken. 
He mentally spoke "Peter, talk on who your talking to. You seem to be talking to someone else other than me about my mental ability."
He heard from Peter in response "Yea, the Keo are aware of you Jacin can hear us Meritanians’ chatter. The Keo are asking certain questions related to you. The Keo are very curious as to who you are. That despite you resisting their attempts to bring you to civilization and among Moorra kind to live with hence they acting threatening towards you. It's their normal way of getting Moorra to civilization to be domesticated and out of living off land like some ridiculous gonoid having gonoid language."
Jacin felt himself disgusted hearing Peter's talk. 
He mentally spoke "Why couldn't you have the Keo's leader fully explain via you what the Keos are trying to do towards me? None of this threatening behavior the Keo are doing towards me would be used."
He continued to hear from Peter "Blast Alesia."
Jacin frowned hearing the wording of Alesia confusing him. 
He continued to hear "Alesia, his name is Jacin. He’ll be better off living with other Moorra instead of isolated and alone and suffering from various medical ailments while struggling to survive off land." 
Jacin mentally spoke in response "I'm not suffering from various medical ailments. Take back that comment now!"
Jacin heard from Peter spoke "Fine you asked for it!"
He saw a lightening flash show in front of him followed by fading away. He frowned seeing in place was a male appearing to be a First One wearing sky blue clothing with short night sky colored hair. He saw the First One had some cloud colored odd design on his clothing on the upper body making him confused seeing that. Jacin felt annoyance take control as he saw the male put on the cloud colored design onto his face. He saw was only covering the nose and mouth along with making his eyes turn a sun color from night sky colored. Jacin felt his senses of danger go off will forwards the Source through. It made his sky colored manoid eyes turn all black. He pulled out his sword from scabbard attached to his back. He charged at the male despite his senses blaring danger. Jacin halted his charge as the male yanked off the mask he assumed it was. He saw the male's eyes change from sun colored to back to night sky colored. He stared at the male who continued to stare at him back. 
The male spoke a word that sounded like "Greetings."
Jacin willed his eyes to shift from all night sky to sky colored with them narrowed in a glare aimed at the male. He found his senses stopped blaring warning unexpected. He saw the male frowning as he put the sword away on his back's scabbard hiding there. Jacin folded his arms while staring at the male and felt warmth abruptly all around him. He found himself in an all cloud colored room with the male facing him. 
He gave up "Hmph." 
He felt annoyance take hold as the male continued to frown visibly. 
Jacin spoke recalling the language the male spoke his greeting comment fully in mind "I'm not happy that the Keos didn’t bother to explain what they were trying to do towards me despite acting threatening. I had to defend myself from their attacks on me."
The male's eyes he saw widen looking shock to him. 
Jacin spoke ignoring the shocked response "What name are you called?"
Jacin removed his mask he was wearing to cover his head entirely. The mask only showed his eyes and hid his face. Jacin frowned seeing the male's facial reaction was shock by the eyes remaining wide. He frowned as the male cocked his head forming a far away expression on his face like recalling something. Jacin eyed the male who shook his head and then focused onto him and his face.
Jacin spoke "My name is Jacin. Peter the Meritanian explained to me that some Meritanian transported me off some planetary world dubbed Shadan during some battle fight to the world I'm now on. I've been living off land for awhile despite trying to count the suns unnoticed trapped in my status. I came upon a group of Keos identified by Peter when asked what species they were. The Keos acted threatening towards me as in picking a fight with me despite my attempts to be friendly with them. I've been fighting Keos for awhile and didn’t know that they changed their views towards me as in trying to help me and get me to civilization. Peter when asked for help gave me the help to surrender." 
The male he saw didn't comment while hearing an odd sound. He saw the male shifted sideways to look. Jacin saw the male was looking at a female wearing similar colored clothing as the male with even longer hair than the Keos he saw from attacking him. Jacin frowned as he heard from Peter unexpectedly "That's the Queen a leader of the Keos I've been talking about. The Keos with her are her Keo guards."
He eyed the Queen warily while seeing her narrows her all night sky colored eyes while staring at him he sensed.
He spoke loudly "I know that Keos are mind walkers and a part of some species called Banshee due to one of them shifting form in front of me when trying to attack me. The Banshee wound up going asleep on the ground with form crumbling up in pieces due to indicating some problem with the cold. I've been living in the cold just to avoid the Keos and their Banshee ability."
He saw the male he met on the grassed field disappear in a flash of lightening show to him. Jacin frowned as the Queen gave him a glare sensing anger from her. He stiffened from the anger sensed as she looked at her guards before moving her head chin out aimed at him.
Jacin heard from Peter "Don't worry you'll be fine I'll protect you period." 
He frowned at Peter's words to see the Queen's guards dart towards him as he dropped the mask. He kept his hands in front of him in a surrender gesture as one of the guards pulled out a knife from hidden scabbard. The knife made him nervous as the guards reached him. He stood as one guard with the knife stood back watching him. He found the other guard went towards him and proceeded to strip him of his clothes like expertly knowing how to do it. Jacin stood feeling himself compelled not to resists to the clothes' removal as the guard removed the strap holding his sword weapon off him. He felt regret having the sword off of him as his clothes were dropped onto the floor. Jacin frowned as the guard backed off once he was only clad in a loincloth. He eyed the guard with a knife who put away the weapon and went towards him to grab his arm as the other guard did the same. Jacin found himself pushed and pulled out of the cloud colored room following the Queen into a hallway he assumed what it was. He felt the guards' hands off of him along with blinking his eyes to find himself contained in a jail cell from the looks of it. 
Jacin heard from Peter unexpectedly "Alesia stop being panicky. I transported this Jacin to the brig in your palace. I suspect that your people will get nosy enough to manipulate him to speak the word 'Moorra'. It'll give them complete access to his mind unlike I mentally instructing the guard to remove his body wear. I managed to do that helping without saying any words towards him. Jacin can really hear me and Werra talking no matter where he is. He seems to have some kind of mental ability tuned to the both of us Meritanians talking."
He exhaled a breath hearing Peter's talk as there was the door to the cell was opened followed by three Keo guards entering. Jacin stood with his hands up as the guards reached him to grab his arms. He felt annoyance take hold as they pushed him backwards till something like a wall was felt hitting his back halting the pushing. Jacin felt something like manacles placed onto his wrists chaining him to the wall. He stiffened from the chaining as the Keo guards darted out of the cell slamming the door with a bang sound. 
Jacin heard "The chains you're wearing are only to keep you in the cell and not to restrict your movements while contained. You have freedom to move around despite wearing the chains."
He frowned hearing Peter's talk as the Meritanian stopped talking. Jacin found the chains on him were attached to a ring of metal attached to the wall that felt cold to the touch. He explored the cell finding nothing to indicate a window for him to see outside. He saw that the cell's door had a window with eater lights glimpsed glimmering. He sniffed his nose and couldn't smell the eater's familiar smell. Jacin groaned loudly before going to a bench he saw to sit down leaning against the wall. 
He mentally spoke "This containment is going to take awhile before I'm freed."
He heard from Peter "Don't worry about the containment. I'll keep in contact with the Queen to make sure you receive the proper nourishment. Just be patient. The containment is going to take awhile before you're freed like you said." 
Jacin exhaled a breath and resumed staring at the cell's window despite sleepiness hitting him. He laid his form down on the bench and shut his eyes. 

Jacin screamed waking himself up from slumber thinking of a First One female with hair shoulder length and sky colored eyes flashing in his mind. He exhaled a breath finding himself still chained as usual while clad in only a loincloth while in the brig of the Queen’s cell. He shook his head and sighed again recalling himself living off land in the cold the Keo called Tundra before his capture by some First One male looking odd to him. 
He exhaled a breath to yell mentally “Peter! Who’s that female I’ve been dreaming about in my mind anyway?"
He heard from Peter abruptly “That female is named Thura and she’s deaf with no hearing that has a son fathered by that odd male dubbed Tom who has been removed on a permanent basis. A Keo male has claimed Thura as his so sorry you can’t take her anyway. Don’t worry I’ll talk to the Queen about doing something about you. Having you in the brig isn’t good for your health.”
He didn’t respond kept his mind blank sensing Peter wanted him to talk sighed and mentally spoke “What do you mean Tom’s removed on a permanent basis anyway?"
He heard in response “He’s off planet put through a gate where Banshees spies report that some group dubbed High Council have taken him on as one of their servants having him do assassination work. I feel sorry for Tom due to that he’s lost his purpose to live after being banished from Uzan and have nothing to go on except serving the High Council as some assassin who kills people without mercy on the group’s orders. Its rather a pity anyway that his son won’t be told a positive version of him instead told some negative version and brainwashed enough to want his own father dead by his hands once he’s grown. Oh well life can be terrible anyway.” 
He mentally spoke “What the Keo plan to do about Thura telling his son something positive about his father?”
Jacin heard from Peter “Ah I highly doubt that will happen due to that the Queen has ordered the son be raised by a pair of Keos with emphasis to trash his father to him. Also the Queen used the Keos’ views towards Tom to Thura as reason why she didn’t want his son to grow up copying what he did killing a Keo and hurting Keos or underneath his mother’s influence. Poor Thura it’s going to take her awhile to get used to life without her son and being paired with a Keo she considered a brother due to growing up with him and having offspring fathered by him through her as ordered by the Queen.” 
Jacin frowned hearing that heard Peter become silent mentally spoke “I dreamed that this Thura mated with Tom just prior to Tom being banished. Wouldn’t there be any offspring from that coupling?”
He frowned as Peter seemed silent before the Meritanian spoke “Well I confess I can detect when females are carrying for the first time and it doesn’t matter if their Moorra or Keo.  I’m not detecting that from Thura but figured out from a mind of a Moorra that someone slipped some kind of medicine in her nourishment repeatedly for awhile without knowing its purpose which prevents offspring from forming so no there won’t be any offspring from that coupling you say. I still haven’t figured out which Keo told that Moorra to put that medicine in Thura’s nourishment due to that the Keo can detected their minds scanned and some of them don’t know about me and Werra but from mind scans aren’t keen on us. The Moorra from mind scanned seemed to be accepting us even when we communicate with them.” 
Jacin exhaled a breath to sit up and mentally yelled in his mind “Peter, get me out of here now!”
He heard from Peter as usual “Hey Alana what are you planning on doing with that Moorra dubbed Jacin contained in a cell that Alesia had put there?”
He frowned as Peter became silent and eyed the cell door eyeing the window to see sliver of light shining through that flickered which he figured was an eater light but his nose didn’t smell eaters to him. 
He heard Peter talk “That Moorra in question is named Jacin came from off planet transported through a gate and was living in the Tundra surviving off land till Keos got interested in him made contact. I warn you contact turned out terrible and Alesia ordered him captured which Keos had trouble doing it. His capture was due to this forbidden Moorra who must not be named successfully meeting him and talking him down to surrender which I was able to transport the both of them to the asylum where Jacin was examined then thrown in a cell contained in the palace where he’s been there since.” 
He heard nothing more from Peter but silence then the Meritanian was heard “Oh I confess that Jacin has some kind of mental mind ability that is cued to myself and Werra which means he can always hear us talking and it doesn’t matter where he is for he’ll always hear us talk period.” 
He sighed and leaned his back against the wall with a frown to hear clanking sounds from faint become louder and louder along with slamming sounds of doors opening which he frowned wondering what was going on till the door to the cell slammed open and he blinked from the glare of a bright light shining onto him. 
He heard from Peter “Yes Alana that’s Jacin himself so do something about him. It’s not good for his health to remain where he is anyway.” 
Jacin grimaced from the light’s glare as figures came into view with clanking sounds very loudly which he didn’t resists as the chains on his wrists and ankles were yanked off and his arms grabbed and him hauled off the bench towards the light. He shut his eyes from the glare as he felt himself halted and felt a hand feminine touching his cheek and felt some odd sense within him that told him his mind was being scanned which he kept his eyes shut in response. He felt the scanning seemed lengthy along with the sense persisted then the hand removed itself from his cheek with the sense stopped and the light he sensed shined elsewhere. He jerked open his eyes as he was hauled out of the cell through a hallway lighted by glowing lamps that appeared to something else than eaters to him. He frowned recognizing the Queen in front of him with two guards behind her as she led the way out of the brig taking a route through the palace till they reached a door and he was thrust inside seeing it was a bedroom. He stood looking around and heard a throat clearing noise behind him. 
Jacin looked to see the Queen his senses blared telling him she was not the original Queen he met but another version who spoke “You’ll find everything you need in this room. Nourishment will be brought to you at a later time. Don’t think of leaving the room for guards have been ordered to bring you down on sight. Now I suggest you stay in this room for your own good due to that I’m trying to find some purpose for you to do other than the purpose of you tuned to Werra and Peter on a permanent basis so stay please.” 
He frowned hearing the word please gave a head bob as the Queen left the room with guards shutting the door. He heard a lock click sound sighed and went to the doorknob and found that the door refused to open or budge from its closed status despite his hand’s manipulations. He exhaled a breath to look around the room seeing it was some kind of fancy bedroom holding various furniture which he spotted a doorway went to it to see it was a fancy kind of bathroom with a tub and some pipe above his head having a sprout. He sighed and stripped himself of the loincloth and walked passed the sink to spot a figure in it which he stopped and stared seeing a naked from waist up male having the looks of Lance Richard that moved when he moved. 
He heard from Peter “Jacin that’s called a mirror a reflective glass that shows what you look like.”
He sighed hearing that and again heard from Peter instructing him on the use of the bathroom facilities which he obeyed finding that the Meritanian wasn’t kidding about what he said and even took his first rain water bath what the plant called was a shower for the first time using hot water to toleration levels. He sigh feeling himself better from the shower along with the use of soap to feel himself happy from what Peter called body washing while in the shower. He walked out once done completely washed from the soap and shampoo he used on his body and walked out of shower tub to go to his loincloth which he eyed with disgust within him. He picked up the loincloth with two fingers and carried it arm length in front of him out of the bathroom to a chair which he dumped and took a look around to spot something resembling folded clothing was on the bed which he went to finding a pair of pants and a long sleeve top out of smooth material in night sky colors with a cloud colored stripe on the sides and some completely night sky cloth Peter told him was underwear and a must for people to wear underneath their clothes covering their privates along with socks for feet and something called shoes. He sighed and with careful examination managed with several tries to get the clothes and shoes onto his form making sure it fit him fine along with adjusting to get it comfortable. Jacin once done went to the bed and sat on it leaning against the padded headboard eyes on the door to see it open with the lock clicking to see a Keo guard come into the room carrying a tray which smells of food assaulted him making his stomach rumble in hunger. He eyed the Keo who placed the tray down on the floor and then walked out shutting the door with lock clicking heard again. Jacin darted towards the tray to find dishware holding food and drink along with instructed on how to use what Peter called silverware to eat the food without his hands and the use of cloth called a napkin for wiping his mouth once done eating and drinking which he proceeded to do finding himself terribly hungry and once done got up and went back to the bed to sit leaning back on the headboard. Jacin felt himself tired shut his eyes only to open them with a start which he looked around in the dim light to spot a figure standing in front of the bathroom doorway which he figured was a Banshee from the looks of it. Jacin stared at the Banshee sensing it staring at him back along with his mind scanned sense hitting him which he frowned from the feeling. He continued to stare at the Banshee as light became dimmer which he sensed his mind scanned stopped then the being shook its head in a First One no gesture then turned around and went through the bathroom doorway disappearing in a flash of light. Jacin frowned figuring that the Banshee was gate traveling through doorways and felt confused as to what its presence was there for. 
He heard from Peter abruptly “That Banshee in question was checking out some rumor about Tom involving you. That rumor was said that Tom met you and got you to surrender which I was able to transport to another location due to Keos having trouble capturing you.” 
He mentally spoke “Hmm interesting-“
He was interrupted by Peter speaking “Thurin I’m not kidding on what’s said about your son Tom.”
He heard a pause followed by Peter continuing speaking “Tom from knowing him was dependant on the Queen who raised him, Thura and his own child to give him a purpose to live while living on Uzan due to that he didn’t want to hang around the Keo species. Sorry Thurin but I’m not kidding about what I said. The Queen did him a favor getting him off Uzan alive due to that death doesn’t solve things instead makes things worse."
Jacin frowned but figured to himself "I guess living alive is worth it instead of death."
He heard nothing in response from Peter to his thinking sighed and focused onto living in the castle with the Queen.

End
